1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$07
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Indian Affairs in Arizona—Mr. 3IcOorrnick.
Ho. or Reps.
of tho most cruel outrages at the hands of the
Apache Indians;
Tuat hundreds of them, including women and
children, have been murdered by these savages
within the last few years;
That neither homes nor property in that Terri-
tory , outaide its principal towns, are safe from savage
incursion;
That in but exceptional places can any high-road
bo traveled without great danger;
That many of the citizens of our own State, while
there 011 business, have fallen victims to these
Indians;
That at no time in the history of that Territory
have the Indians been more hostile, or the lives and
property ot the people less safe, than within the past
two months;
That the nation is rich enough to afford and strong
enough to enforce protection to its people living in
its own Territory and under its own flag, as well as
thoisc abroad in other lands;
That tor tne murder of the fewest number of its
citizens who have been slain by these savages in
Arizona in any two months in the last two years
the United States Government would have declared
war against every Power in Europe had its citizens
been so murdered there tor want of proper protec-
tion from Euiopean Poweis:
That the teeling and belief is universal on the pnrt
ol the people ot this State, and we believe of the
Pacific slope, that when General Crook was sent to
Arizona, he was the right man in tho right place;
That lie is as humane as energetic, and if allowed
suiiicient means and given the discretion to which
his experience in the management of Indian affairs
entitle him, and not interfered with in his opera-
tions, he will in a briet period arrest this reign of
terror and blood, and give security to the long-suf-
fering people of this Territory; and
Whereas we do most seriously believe that in all
the land no such prompt and efficient measures are
required for the protection ot our people as in tho
Tonitory of Arizona: Therefore,
1. Beit resolved by the Senate, (the Assembly con-
curring, ) That it is the duty ot the Government ot tho
United States to give the most prompt and efficient
piotection to the people of Arizona against the
Apache Indians; that all attempts to treat with or
otherwise appease them until they are made to feel
the power oi the Government will prove futile in
the future as they have in the past, and must result
only in encouraging these savages to continue deeds
of carnage. .
2. That m no other way can this protection be so
promptly and efficiently extended to our suffering
brethren in Arizona as by furnishing General Crook
with ample means and by giving him the largest
discretion on the course to be pursued toward the
savages. . ,T . % «
3. That the President of the United htates be, and
hp is hereby, urged and implored to prevent further
interference with the military operations of General
Crook, otherwise than by aiding Ins designs, until
these savages are subdued and the people* of Arizona
are made secure m their lives, homes, and property.
'1. That his Excellency the Governor ot tnis State
be requested to telegraph thc^o resolutions and tho
preamble to tho same to the President of the United
States; that he cause to be sent copies ot the samo
to each ot the Sen.itors and Kepresentatives in Con-
gress of the Pacific States aud Territories, and to
each of the Governors of the same; and that our
Senators in Congress be instructed and our llepre-
' sentatives bo requested to urj?o upon the Govern-
ment at Washington such action in the premises as
is indicated by these resolutions.
Mr. McCOHMICK, of Arizona. These res-
olutions, Mr. Speaker, were lately adopted by
the unanimous vote of both bouses of the
California Legislature, and they confirm, in
a striking manner, the facts concerning the
unhappy state of affairs in Arizona, to which
I have frequently called the attention of this
House. I hey have been referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, aud I pray that com-
mittee not to let. them pass unnoticed as they
hitherto have various respectful memorials and
petitions of my long-suffering constituents.
I may mention it as a sad commentary, that
when, year before last, I was debarred from
week to week from being heard by the commit-
tee, because of its exclusive devotion to the
comparatively unimportant matter of invest-
igating certain appointments to West Point,
some dozen of the hardy and substantial set-
tlers of the frontier region which I represent
here were consigned to untimely graves by
the arrow or bullet of the barbarous Apache.
And the carnival of blood is yet in progress,
and the cry for relief is so loud and earnest
that not only California but the whole Pacific
coast, and ail who correctly understand and
estimate the character ot the Apache, join in
the demand that with him and for him a tempo-
rary policy shall no longer be tolerated.
A chief San Francisco paper, the Alta Cali-
fornia, (to which the people of Arizona are
much indebted for its practical sympathy,)
in publishing the foregoing joint resolutions
exclaims:
44 Our patience is exhausted; our reason is offend-
ed by the lack of any plausible pretext for the vacil-
lating, indecisive, aud pusillanimous policy of the
last six years."
It might have been said of the last eighteen
years, for since Arizona came under the Amer-
ican flag (as a part of New Mexico) there has
been no systematic or vigorous policy in deal-
ing with the Indians there. The gentleman
from California, [Mr. Sargent,] in a speech
made in the House March 5, in explanation
and justification of the seuding of General
Ho ward to Arizona by the Interior Department,
insisted, as he has at other times upon this
floor, that the war policy had failed there, and
that no measures had ever been attempted
there except to chastise the Indians.
I much dislike to differ with the honorable
gentleman upon any point, but he and other
gentlemen here should understand, and the
sooner the better, that there has been no war
policy in Arizona. The assertion may seem
strange, but it is nevertheless correct. What
with the frequent change of troops and com-
manders, the irregular supplies, the shifting
of the Territory from one department to
another, and the conflicting orders of the
Government, there has to this time been
nothing like organized, systematic, aggressive
war upon the Apaches; nothing more, I may
truthfully say, than weak, spasmodic, discon-
nected, defensive movements ; and as all gen-
tlemen familiar with the subject will admit, to
fight Indians on the defensive is not to fight
them at ail. Upou the transfer of General
. Crook to the Territory on the ground of his
great experience and skill as an Indian fighter,
and the granting to him of more than ordin-
ary powers, the people supposed that at last
something like war would be made upon their
red foe, aud the general's careful plans for an
extensive aggressive campaign were heartily
approved as giving promise ot success in show-
ing the Apaches that they must desist from
their hostilities or suffer as they never had
suffered before* in convincing them of the
power of the Government and of the folly
of contending against it.
This the people believed to be the true
peace policy, aud was all the war they desired,
and what they deemed absolutely essential in
order that permanent peace, which they have
always prayed for, might come ; but the ar-
rival of Commissioner Colyer in the/ferritory
with certain authority from Washington, under
which General Crook felt it advisable, if not
a duty, to suspend military operations, pre-
vented the carrying out of his well-projected
campaign.
Upon the return to Washington of Mr. Col-
yer from his mission, fruitful, despite all his
sanguine predictions to the contrary, only in
exciting the Apaches to increased independ-
ence, arrogance, and atrocities, the Govern-
ment accepted the reservations he had laid
out, but declared that the Apaches must go
and remain upon them, and would be liable if
they wandered outside of them to be attacked
by the troops as hostile.
As a matter of record and reference in this
connection I append the letter of General
Sherman to General Schofield, commanding
the military division of the Pacific, in which
this new policy which was at once cheerfully
accepted by the people ot Arizona was set
forth:
Headquarters Army of the United States,
Washington, D.C., Nooember 9,1871.
Grneral: I now inclose you copies of a corre-
spondence between the S^cretar:^ of the Interior
and War Department on the subject of the policy
that is to prevail in Arizona with the Apache In-
dians. The Secretary of War wishes you to give all
the necessary orders to carry into full effect this
policy, which is the same that prevails in the Indian
country generally, namely, to fix and determine
(usually with tho assent expressed or implied of the
Indians concerned) the reservations within which
they may live and be protected by all branches of
the executive Government; but if they wander out-
side they at once become objects of suspicion, liable
to be attacked by the troops as hostile. The three
reservations referred to in these papers, and more
particularly defined in the accompanying map,
seem far enough removed from the white settle-
ments to avoid the dangers of collision of interest.
At ail events, these Indians must have a chance to
escape war. and the most natural way is to assign
them homes and to compel them to remain thereon.
While they remain on such reservations there is an
implied condition that they should not be permitted
to starve, and our experience is that the Indian
Bureau is rarely supplied with the necessary money
to provide food, in which event you may authorize
the commissary department to provide for them,
beinff careful to confine issues only to those'acting
in ffood faith aud ouly for absolute wants.
The commanding: officer of tho nearest military
post will be the proper person to act as tho Indian
agent until the regular agents come provided with
the necessary authority and funds to relievo thorn ;
but you may yourself, or allow General Crook to
appoint these temporary agents regardless of rank.
The citizens of Arizona should be publicly in-
formed of these events, and that the military have
the command of the President to protect the3e In-
dians on their reservations, and that under no pre-
tense must they invade them, except under tho
leadership of the commanding officer having charge
of them.
The boundaries of these reservations should also
be clearly defined, and any changes in them sug-
gested by experience should be reported, to the end
that they may be modified or changed by the highest
authority.
After general notice to Indians and whites of this
policy, General Crook may feel assured that what-
ever measures of seveiity he may adopt to reduce
those Apaches to a peaceful and subordinate condi-
tion will be approved by the War Department and
the President.
I am, your obedient servant.
W. T. SHERMAN, General.
General J. M. Schofibld,
Commanding Military Division Pacific,
General Scholield based upon this letter
a series of instructions in detail to Geueral
Crook, from which I will quote only the con-
cluding paragraphs:
"Active operations will be kept up against the
hostile Apaches of Arizona, and pressed with all
practicable vigor until they submit to the author-
ity of the Government, cease from hostilities, and
remain upon their reservations. After a reasonable
time has been given for all tho Apaches to avail
themselves of tho liberal terms offered by the Gov-
ernment, the department commander will, in his
discretion, make use of tho friendly Indians to hunt
out and destroy those that remaia obstinately
hostile.
" Fall authority is conferred upon the department
commander to adopt such moasures as may be ne-
cessary to carry out these instructions, and to give
full effect to the policy of the Government."
General Crook (December 21) published an
order, from which I extract the following:
"In accordance with the terms of the order of
the division commander, the time within the limits
of which all roving bands of Apache Indians are
required to go upon their reservations is announced
aod fixed as February 15, 1872, on and after which
date all Apache Indians found outstdo of their res-
ervations will be considered and treated as hostile."
* * * ?. * * * ,.**
"Commanding officers of posts will communicate
the contents ol this order without delay, and by
every available means, to tho Indians coneerned."
The gentleman from California, [Mr. Sab-
gent,] in his speech to which I have referred,
and in the face of the repeated reports of Gen-
erals Sehofield and CrOok that the Apaches,
as a class, absolutely (after ample notice) re-
fused to go upon the reservations, sees nothing
inconsistent in the sending to the Territory of
General Howard, with instructions (March 4)
from the Department of the Interior, in which
this language is used:
" The Department vests you with full powers and a
general discretion, to be exercised as your om good
judgment may indicate, m carrying into effect its
views in relation to these Indians.' * * * *
" You frill spare no effort m your power to induce
the Indians to conform to tho wishes of the Gov-
ernment, assuring them of its full protection and.
assistance so long as they obey its wishes ana com-
pjy.jpjtli its requirements. You will confer, as
frequently and fully as circumstances will permit,
with General Crook and other military ofl$cers, and
oo^pcrate with them, as far as practicable, in exe-
cuting the duties vfith which you are charged,"
