1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1345
elude simply that within the limits of the
fences?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
include all the grounds belonging to the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. COBURN. The grounds belonging to
the Government extend continuously from the
east of the Capitol clear to the Potomac ; and
$500,000 or $1,000,000 would not suffice to
grade and finish those grounds according to the
estimates of the engineer submitted last year,
when it was propospd to make a grand park
out of these grounds.
Now, it strikes me that it is useless, I will
not say it is foolish, for us to make an appro-
priation without an estimate, without a plan,
without any understanding as to the manner in
which this work is to be done. I feel as much
pride as any gentleman can in having the
grounds around the Capitol beautified and com-
pleted. I think it is a shame that they have
continued so long in the condition in which
they now are. But pass this provision and we
appropriate $100,000 to be used at discretion
by a gentleman who has disfigured the grounds
west of the White House, between that and
the War Department, by digging a canal where
a street ought to have been, and by opening a
street where one ought never to have been,
absolutely destroying in great part the beauty
of those grounds.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That gen-
tleman will have nothing to do with this.
Mr. COBURN. Is not this money to be
expended under the direction of the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings and Grounds?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, No, sir;
another officer entirely—the architect of the
Capitol extension—is to have charge of this
matter.
Mr. COBURN. I have nothing to say per-
sonally against the Commissioner; but I do
say that the work of which 1 have just spoken
is an outrage on public taste and should never
have been done. I am sorry that I cannot
speak much more favorably of the plans of
the architect of the Capitol extension; for he
proposes digging down this whole square east
of the Capitol some seven or eight feet; and
I say that a gentleman who has no more taste
or discretion than that is not a suitable man
to be trusted with the unlimited and undefined
power to change, alter, or cut down public
ground as he pleases.
I admire Mr. Clark as a man and an archi-
tect ; but it seems to me that the idea of dig-
ging down that whole square and destroying
all those beautiful trees is worthy of an era
of architectural barbarism, and 1 would not
place a dollar in such hands for expenditure,
unless they were instructed as to the method
in which the work should be executed. I
understand that the object of digging down
that square is to elevate the Capitol, and have
understood that some one has a similar plan
for elevating the Washington monument two
hundred feet by digging a hole around it.
[Laughter.] There is about as much good
sense and taste in one idea as the other. I
would be willing to vote liberally for improv-
ing these grounds upon any suitable plan that
may be submitted to Congress, but the pro-
vision now proposed is entirely too indefinite.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Chairman, no-
body supposes, I take it, that this amendment
contemplates that the architect of the Capitol
extension shall dig down the square east of
the Capitol. That would not be finishing the
grounds in the sense intended.
Mr. DAWES. It would finish the trees .
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not suppose
that this officer seriously contemplates doing
that thing. It has been suggested upon some
of the plans for improving the grounds because
it would present at a finer elevation the front
view of the Capitol, on the same principle that
it has been recommended to Congress to grade
down all the grounds around the Treasury De-
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 85.
partment, cutting down the trees and everything
of that kind, in order to elevate the Treasury
building. But I do not suppose anybody is
going to destroy this square. Nor do 1 sup-
pose, Mr. Chairman, that Congress is going to
sit here and make plans for finishing the
grounds around the Capitol, as seems to be
contemplated by some gentlemen here. If we
wait until we fix upon a plan, determining how
the walks shall be laid out, how streets shall
be graded, how the approaches to the Capitol
shall be constructed; if we wait until a precise
plau of this kind can be embodied in an appro-
priation bill, we shall wait thirty years more
before we improve these grounds.
Sir, I have great confidence in the architect
of the Capitol extension. I have confidence
in his wisdom and skill as an architect, and I
have confidence also in his economy. I re-
member that we made a little appropriation
last year to be expended under his super-
vision ; and it has improved the interior of this
Capitol more than anything that has been
done in a good while; and 1 may say that it
was done on my motion. I refer to the widen-
ing of the passage-ways between the two
Houses, so that rny friend from Massachusetts
may succeed in getting over to the Senate.
Mr. SARGENT. It is quite easy to get
there now. [Laught,er. ]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is quite easy, as
the gentleman from California [Mr. Sargent]
has found. I want to make it easier for the
people to get to the lower House of Congress.
Let us make the gradation easy, so that they
can get here without difficulty, and after they
get here they will find a beautiful way to the
other wing, to the more dignified branch of
Congress. I am very glad that this amendment
is pending, and 1 hope it will be adopted by
the House; for there is much force in the
argument that this work should be commenced
in the spring, and if this appropriation is to be
of any use at all, the work should commence
right away. If the deficiency bill is not to pass
till July, it might as well be killed at once.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unanimous
consent that a vote be now taken.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will again
read the pending amendment offered by the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
as it has been modified.
The Clerk read as follows:
After line three hundred and ninety-one add the
following: "for completing the grounds and ap-
proaches to the Capitol, $100,000, or so much aa may
be necessary to finish the same."
The question being taken, there were—
ayes 45, noes 56; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Butler, of Massa-
chusetts, and Air. Coburx.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes forty-seven.
Mr. BUTLER, o,f Massachusetts. I do not
insist on further count.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Contingencies of the Army prior to July 1,1870:
for fees of attorneys at law employed by the \Var
Department: expenses of suits incurred previous to
act, of June 22,1870, creating the Department of Jus-
tice; the costs and charges of State penitentiaries
tor the care and maintenance of United States mili-
tary convicts confined ill them; the pay of detectives
and scouts; and for compensation of provost mar-
shals employed by the Secretary of War in 1862,
 0,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Stevexsos
reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had had under con-
sideration the Union generally, and particu-
larly the bill (H. II. No. 1654) making appro-
priations to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the Government
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1872, and
for former years, and for other purposes, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
japanese embassy.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; -which was
read, considered, and agroed to:
Besolved, That the Speaker of the House be re-
quested to extend to the embassy representing the
Japanese Government an invitation to visit the
House of Representatives at such time during this
session as may bo convenient for the embassy and
consistent with the public business.
LEASE OF swamp lands IN BUFFALO.
Mr. CONGER, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported back, with a recommend-
ation that it do pass, with an amendment, the
bill (H. R. No. 1756) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury and the Secretary of War
to lease certain swamp and low lands belong-
ing to the Government, lying on the Niagara
river and Lake Erie, in the city of Buffalo, New
York.
The amendment of the committee was read,
as follows:
Add to the bill the following proviso:
Provided, That such lease or improvement shall
not in any manner lessen or injure the present har-
bor facilities of Buffalo, or the harbor facilities of
the projected harbor of refuge.
The amendment was concurred in.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. CONGER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
clarence king's geological explorations.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to;
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be in-
structed to inquire and repoi t to this House tho oost
of printing tho several volumes of Clarence King's
geological explorations, and whether the same may
not be printed in some manner at less cost.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (S. No. 475) to authorize the sale of
public property at Houlton, Maine;
An act (II. R. No. 383) to authorize the
construction of a bridge across the Missouri
river, at or near St. Joseph, Missouri;
An act (H. R. No. 1200) to provide for the
admission of paintings, statuary, and photo-
graphs, for exhibition, free of duty ;
An act (H. R. No. 342) supplementary to
the act entitled 11 An act to prevent the exter-
mination of fur-bearing animals in Alaska
An act (H. R. No. 1529) for the relief of
Francis A. Eastman, postmaster at Chicago,
Illinois;
An act (H. R. No. 1669) authorizing an
American register to the British brig Isadora,
owned by Edwin M. Fowle, of Newton, Mas-
sachusetts ; and
An aet (H. R. No. 1760) to repeal the para
graphs of schedule C of the internal revenue
acts imposing taxes on canned meats, fish, and
certain other articles.
REDUCTION OF INTERNAL \X3!S, BTO.
The SPEAKER. A committee of confer-
ence was ordered upon the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill to amend section
thirty-six of an act entitled "An act to amend
an act to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes;" the Chair appoints Mr. Dawes,
Mr. Fik-kelxburg, and Mr. Cox the conferees
on the part of the House.
report on' fish and fisheries.
The SPEAKER. The Senate concurrent
resolution for the printing of extra copies of
