1346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
the report on fish and fisheries will be taken
from the Speaker's table and referred to the
Committee on Printing.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence
was granted to Mr. Lamport for one week.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence
was granted to Mr. Perry, of Ohio, for one
week.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Campbell until the 18th instant,
on account of important private business.
withdrawal 01' papers.
On motion of Mr. DUELL, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of papers in the
case of Lieutenant Thomas Simms.
adjournment.
Mr. MAYNARD. In the absence of the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mi\,Poland,] I ask
that, a bill be taken from the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. That would require unan-
imous consent pending a motion to adjourn.
Mx\ COX. I object, and insist upon the
motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The House has ordered
that to-morrow's session shall be for debate
only as in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and that no business
whatever shall be transacted. The gentleman
from Ohio, Mr. Wilson, will occupy the
chair as Speaker pro tempore,
Tiie question was put on the motion of Mr.
Gahfiejjb, of Ohio, and it was agreed to ; and
the House (at four o'clock and forty minutes
p. in.) adjourned.
petitions, k'l'c.
The following petitions, &c,, were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropri-
ate committees:
By Mr. BANKS: The petition of soldiers
in Kansas, asking Congress to enact such laws
as will pension every soldier and widow of the
war of 1812, without exception ; pay $8 38|
per month bounty to those soldiers of ]801
who never received any bounty ; grant aland
warrant as promised by the people, and as
4ivery other Administration has done, to every
soldier of 186J who served ninety days ; and,
finally, pay the back pensions due those dis-
abled soldiers whose claims for the same have
been barred by unjust laws.
By Mr. BUFF'INTON: The memorial of
Daniel Brown and 41 others, ship-owners and
masters, of Fall River, Massachusetts, pray-
ing legislation to secure an improved ice-har-
bor at New Castle, Delaware.
By Mr. DOX: The memorial of the trus-
tees of the Methodist Episcopal Church South,
of HutUsville, in the State of Alabama, asking
compensation for their building, which was de-
stroyed during the war by the United States
troops.
Also, the petition of certain citizens of the
United States, asking legislation upon certain
subjects.
By Mr. DUELL: The petition of Walter
Stevens, John Hartshorn, John T. Earle, and
41 others, citizens of Syracuse, New York,
(many of them being dairymen,) protesting
against the reduction of the duties upon for-
eign salt, and setting forth that the incidental
protection afforded to the domestic manufac-
turers of salt during the last ten years has
furnished an article e'qual to the best in the
world, and at more uniform and reasonable
prices than would have ruled had we been
dependent upon foreign supplies.
By Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan: The peti-
tion of soldiers of Michigan, asking an equal-
ization of pay by an allowance of ยง8 33J per
month, first deducting all bounties.
By Mr. HOOPER., of Massachusetts: The
petition of Mrs. Sarah M. Turtle, daughter of
Commodore Henry Bruce, United States Navy,
asking that said Brace may receive pay accord-
ing to his rank of commodore.
By Mr. KELLOGG : The petition of Hiram
W. Hayden, of Connecticut, for an extension
of a patent.
By Mr. MANSON: The memorial of W.
A. Meng, William R. Henders, E. H. Read,
0. S. Bryant, W. E. Stephens, R. T. Patton,
and 96 others, of Allen county, Kentucky,
all soldiers in the late war to suppress the
rebellion, praying the speedy enactment by
Congress of House bill No. 452, introduced
by Mr. Maxson, to grant bounty lands to
soldiers who served in the said war, and to
the widows and children of such as have died.
By Mr. MAYNARD : The petition of David
W. Nelson, of Knox county, Tennessee, for
compensation for extra service as provost
marshal in the war between the United States
and Mexico.
By Mr. McCLELLAND : The petition of
John Glass and 41 others, citizens of New
Brighton, Pennsylvania, praying that a pen-
sion be granted Pierce Devenny, who was
a soldier in the Black Hawk, Florida, and
Mexican wars.
By Mr. E. H. ROBERTS: The petition of
citizens of Oneida county, New York, against
the repeal of the duty on foreign salt.
Also, the petition of George B. Anderson
and Samuel Johnson, relative to the duties on
bark extracts.
Also, the petition of citizens of Oneida
county, New York, against the reduction of
the duty on foreign salt.
By Mr. SPEER, of Georgia: The memorial
of Jefferson F. Long, asking pay as a member
of the Forty-First Congress.
Also, the petition of John A. Staley, of
Chatham county, Georgia, asking the removal
of his political disabilities.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER: The petition
of A. D. Ayer, of Scotland, Connecticut, pub-
lisher of the Eastern Sun, as to the rates of
postage on newspapers.
Also, the petition of Charles Prcntis and
others, of New London, Connecticut, asking
for a life-boat station on Block Island.
By Mr. STOUGHTON: The petition of
Rensselaer Strong and 95 others, citizens and
residents of St. Joseph county, Michigan,
remonstrating against the proposed religious
amendment to the Constitution as subversive
of the principles of religious liberty upon
which our Government is founded.
Also, the petition of Surgeon W. N. Elliott
and Lieutenant L. A. Labadie, laieofthe Uni-
ted States volunteers, and 67 others, soldiers of
the late war, residents of St. Joseph county,
in favor of a soldiers' land-bounty grant and
the equalization of former bounties.
By Mr. STRONG : The memorial of Au-
gustus Ward and others, citizens of Farming-
ton, Connecticut, heirs and representatives of
the original owners of the brig William and
George and her cargo, captured or destroyed
by the French, praying a bill of relief provid-
ing for the payment of what are commonly
called the French spoliation claims.
Also, the memorial of Mrs. Antoinette M.
Shepard, heir of the late Captain John Marsh,
of Wethersfield, Connecticut, praying French
spoliation relief.
By Mr. WELLS: The memorial of upward
of 500 manufacturers and their employes, in
the city of St. Louis, Missouri, asking an in-
crease of tariff on imported cigars to the extent
at least of three dollars per pound and fifty
per cent, ad valorem.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: The petition of
145 citizens of West Union, Ohio, praying the
passage of the bill (H. R. No. 660) granting
bounty land to certain persons engaged in the
military and naval service of the United States
from and after the 4th day of March, 1861.
By Mr. WINCHESTER: The memorial of
John Gault, jr., asking pay for- services as
major in the volunteer service.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, March 2, 1872.
Prayer by Rev. C. Adams, D. D., of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Jour-
nal of yesterday's proceedings, when, on mo-
tion of Mr. Cole, its further reading was dis
pensed with.
uodse bills referred.
The following bills, received from the House
of Representatives, were read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs:
A bill (H. R. No. 122) for the relief of
Walter J. Lee;
A bill (H. R. No. 1772) for the relief of
Reuben H. Bishop;
A bill (H. R. No. 1773) for the relief of
Andrew J. Jemison ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1774) for the relief of
J. W. Holiday;
A bill (H. R. No. 1775) for the relief of
Kitty Ann Smith, widow of Thomas Smith,
and James A. Stevens, of the Cromwell Home
Guards, of Ohio county, Kentucky; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1777) for the relief of P.
W. Standefer.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 82) provid-
ing for a more effective system of quarantine
on the southern and Gulf coasts was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair pre-
sents a petition of the president and secretary
of the National Board of Trade, a strictly rep-
resentative commercial organization, compris-
ing within its membership more than forty of
the leading Boards of Trade and Chambers of
Commerce of the country, composed of about
sixteen thousand mercantile firms and business
men residing in various parts of the country,
with the resolutions adopted by a two-thirds
vote at the fourth annual meeting in the city
of St. Louis. They relate to finance and com-
merce, and also to foreign affairs. If there be
no objection, as they appear to be of import-
ance, they will be ordered to be printed, with
the letter, and referred to those three com-
mittees.
Mr. KELLOGG. That part in regard to
ship building I ask to have referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That matter
would appropriately go to that committee.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the appropriation
bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Petitions are in
order.
Mr. POMEROY presented the memorial
of the county officers of Cherokee county, in
the State of Kansas, praying for the passage
of the bill (S. No. 558) for the relief of settlers
on the Cherokee neutral lands; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I present a
memorial which I will read:
To the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States :
The undersigned, citizens of the State of Michi-
gan, respectfully protest against the passage of the
so-called Chicago relief hill, now pending before
Congress, so far, at least, as it provides for a remis-
sion of duties upon lumber.
And in support of this protest, your petitioners
observe: first, thntthe timber-owners of Michigan
and Wisconsin, where the great bulk of home man-
ufacture is produced, have been very great losers by
the forest fires that prevailed so extensively in those
States during the past fall; that immense tracts of
pine have beon devastated, to their loss of at least
$15,000,000, and that by the passage of tho proposed
bill, these already heavy sufferers are to be made
the heaviest involuntary contributors toward the
l ebuiiding of Chicago; second, that during tho pres-
ent season the lubermen of Michigan and Wiscon-
sin have contracted for nearly double the usual quan-
tity of logs to be converted into lumber, having been
forced to do so inconsequence of the extensive fires,
to save as much of the burnt timbor as possible, as
