2242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
lie? Nay, more; the rate of interest was higher
in this country then than now, because the
profits arising from the use of money were
greater. So with labor; the purchasing power
of a day's labor was then as high as it is now
in this couutry, while it was lower in England
than at present.
Bat the Secretary of the Treasury says that
British mechanics in this department are supe-
rior to ours. Is not this a most humiliating
acknowledgment for a high Government offi-
cial to make? Granting, for the sake of argu-
ment, that the Secretary is correct, why are
our mechanics inferior? Is it not because the
same load of taxation which crushed out ship-
building, crushed out also all our marine iron-
works, driving, in New York city alone, twenty
thousand men into other pursuits. Throw off
this load of taxes and create a demand for
skilled mechanics and they will soon be forth-
coming. We have them not now because they
are not wanted. Let them be wanted and
they will be found.
1 am proud to say that among my constitu-
ents there are mechanics who can build a
locomotive or a sleeping-car superior to any in
the Old World—far superior, at all events, to
any which it has been my fortune to see in
Europe—and I do not doubt that we can soon
find mechanics equal to the demand for the
purposes of ship-building. It is asserted by
some who are well informed in such matters,
that many of the most skillful mechanics in
the ship-pards of the Clyde are from this
country. Will they not speedily return as
soon as we make it for their interest to do so?
In the report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury already mentioned, Captain Thompson, of
Kennebunk, Maine, is credited with the fol-
lowing testimony:
"One of the most expensive materials which
enter into the composition of a vessel is iron iu its
various forms of utility. Wore the duties oa im-
ports oj th-ose materials which enter into the com-
position of a vessel remitted, and among them the
duties on iron, we could successfully compete with
the British provinces in ship-building, and once
more gam our lost supremacy on the seas. Were
the industry once more transferred to the United
States the labor now employed in the provinces
would come to this country, and a large and desir-
able accession to our population would ensue."
Captain Thompson believed that a remission
of the duties and taxes on ship-building mate-
rial is the true method of restoring the ship-
building interest, and through it the great
carrying trade of the United States. He
wants no bounties and no favors from the
Government, nor does he ask a remission of
the duties and taxes oil ship-building materials
to the injury of any other interest. But if
the whole amount of taxation to be raised is
to be lower next year than in the past, as it
necessarily must be, he thinks that no more
appropriate direction in which to lower it exists
than that indicated by the sore necessities of
the ship building trade.
Donald McKay, of East Boston, says:
" ,onIy cfi'c<!taa-l remedy is to take off a por-
tion of the whole mass of taxation. Then we could
compete with foreign ship-builders ana more."
Joseph Titcombe, of Kennebunk, Maine,
says:
"A remission of taxes is the true remedy for the
bad state in which this industry has fallen."
McKay & Aldus, of East Boston, testify
that the depression of their business is due to
the high taxes, while Messrs. Curtis & Smith
repeat the story, and attribute it to the same
cause. W. W. Webb, of New York, testifies
as follows:
" Keduce the present high tariff on bar and sheet-
iron and copper, heuip and cordage, canvas, chiiins,
anchors, and the general equipment of vessels, all
of which can be done without destroying our man-
ufactures, and we can again successfully compete
with toreign-built ships and regain a portion of the
lost trade."
Can we, in the face of ali this, hesitafe as
to the true course to be pursued, namely, the
easy simple one of reducing the tariff duties
on all materials to be used iu the construction
of ships and on all ship stores?
Secondly. To revive our shipping I would
recommend that American citizens be allowed
to purchase foreign-built vessels when they
find it for their interest and profit to do so, and
enter them on the American registry. As the
case now stands, we cannot build ships, and
are not allowed to buy ships, and can it be
surprising that we have no ships ?
But, objects the Secretary of the Treasury,
this will stimulate ship-building in England.
I do not believe we can stimulate ship-build-
ing in England any more effectually than we
have been doing during the last ten years, and
I am sure the measure I here propose would
soon have the opposite effect. Multiply ship-
owners among us, and we will soon multiply
ship-builders. Ship-owners will prefer to have
repairing done when they can under their own
supervision, and especially when the abolition
of the duties shall have made it equally cheap.
The greater number of men there are among
us owning ships, interested in ships, talking
ships, &c., the more will our ship-building
interests be likely to revive. What is there
about a ship that it should be regarded by our
law as almost a felony to buy a foreign-built
one? Are Americans not fit to judge what
it is safe and profitable for them to do in this
matter, that Congress has barred such trans-
actions by law? If we have none of the profits
arising from ship-building, at lease we may be
allowed to enjoy some of the profits of ship-
owning—some of the wealth made iu freights.
I find m a report of one of the meetings of
the National Board of Trade, held a year or
two ago, a statement as follows in relation
to the profits arising from ocean steamship
navigation: In 1869 one of the lines from this
country to a country in Europe whose citizens
are permitted to purchase "Clyde-built iron
ships and run them to foreign ports under
their own flag, realized a profit of £118,321,
which was divided as follows: to depreciation,
ten per cent.; sinking fund, ten per cent. ;
boilers renewal fund, four per cent.: directors'
salaries, one per cent. ; divided among share-
holders, fifteen per cent., on capital of
£296,000. In addition, four per cent, was
appropriated for interest, showing gross profits
amounting to forty-four per cent. Why should
an American desiring to embark in such an en-
terprise be denied the protection of his coun-
try's flag, and be compelled to sneak in below
the protecting Eegis of some other Power? Let
us throw aside such petty, narrow-minded legis-
lation, and adopt such as will be worthy of
this age of progress and freedom.
THE QUESTION OF SUBSIDIES.
Having given what I consider the true plans
to be adopted for the revival of our ship-buiid- i
ing, let us now examine some of the plans j
which are not worthy of adoption ; some of I
those quack remedies which will only increase '
the disease instead of curing it. j
And first it is recommended by some, among j
whom is the Secretary of the Treasury in his i
annual report, that a law should be passed
guarantying to persons who may employ in
the foreign trade American-built first-class
steamships an annual payment for a period
of five years of thirteen dollars per ton on I
vessels of two thousand tons burden. He i
further suggests that it will be wise to con 1
sider whether they may not be so constructed j
as to be suitable for naval purposes in case I
. of war. With regard to this last suggestion I
! I would say right here that if a steamship is |
I built for a naval vessel it is not likely to be !
worth much as a merchantman and vice versa ;
and it would be far more economical for the
Government to .build our men-of-war and
make them such as shall bo worthy of the
name. It is now sixty years since we were
at war with any naval Power, and it may be
sixty more ere we be again. We have had
about enough of war for one generation. If
an attempt is made to incumber this subsidy
question with such conditions, the vessels will
either be never built at all, or they will he
satisfactory neither as vessels of war or of
peace.
But we will proceed to the main question of
subsidies ; ana I must oppose them, firstly
because I believe they are wrong in principle.
I have but little faith in governmental inter-
ference with the details of trade. I have no
faith whatever in the permanent success of
any enterprise which is led to look to the pub-
lic Treasury for its support. 1 can see but
little glory in adding to the taxes of forty
million people to enable a few individuals
to run steamships upon the ocean. Subsidies
are more likely to be premiums on incapacity
and laziness, and those who receive them are
apt to care little for the wants or accommo-
dation of the public.- When leaning on the
Government they are not likely to feel the
stimulus of healthy competition.
On the question of governmental interfer-
ence with the details of trade, I will quote
from an authority, if not any better than the
Secretary of the Treasury, you will at least
agree that it is equally as good as his. It was
written by plain George 8. Boutwell, before
the cares of office had a chance to bias his
better judgment.
He says:
" Those who are but partially acquainted with the
means by which favorite measures and plans are
dignified and rendered important and finally placed
on our statute-books must be aware that the
general utility of them in many instances is exceed-
ingly questionable. Our legislative assemblies are
thronged by men who havins some project to per-
fect, are sedulous in their efforts to oresent it in a
favorable aspect by those to whom is' intrusted the
delicate and important duty of making laws. To
the efforts of such men may be attributed the num-
erous laws which are of no benefit. They do not
come declaring that such a measure will greatly
benefit them or their friends, but with ingenious
declarations of attachment to the public weltare.
Trade made dependent on legislation is, therefore,
extremely precarious and uncertain.
" There is no business in which stability is so
necessary to success as trade. Hence the propriety
of separating asmueh as possible commerce ana law.
n hen left unrestricted we may infer the blessings of
trade will be diffused as the light, the rain, and dew,
'vivifying all creation.'"
These principles are sound, and should be
applied to the question before us. This giving
of subsidies is apt to open the flood-gates to
more such raids on the Treasury, and our Gov-
ernment is iu danger of becoming a vast job-
bing concern. Again, the greater the subsi-
dies thegreater the tuxes ofthe people, and thus
a class is raised up at the public expense who
are interested in having the rest of the people
heavily taxed. The petition of those who ask
for subsidies might justly be stated as follows:
Whereas the undersigned are anxious to run a
steamship line between New York and Liver-
pool ; and whereas we have neither the capital
nor skill to build ships like other nations, and
if already built we cannot compete with lines
already in existence: therefore, we demand
that the Government use its power to collect
money from our neighbors to start and maintain
us in this business, not for our own profit, but
because it is necessary for the public goodl
Shall such a proposition be entertained for a
moment?
Secondly, the experience we have already
had is^such as to lead me to oppose all meas-
ures of mere subsidies to special and' selected
lines or companies.
^ The question of subsidies is no new one in
tile Ha lis of Congress. It is now a quarter
of a century since the whole matter was dis-
cussed in all its bearings, and it is remarkable
how confident were the glowing predictions
which were indulged in as to the effects of
subsidizing the Coliins and Bremen lines.
Mr. Hamlin said in the debate ia 1860, on
subsidizing the Bremen Hue, that—
The whole question of a commercial marine
uepenas on the encouragement which Congress
snail give at this tune."
In 1852j when the additional appropriation
for the Collins line was up, Mr. Seward said
that l'it was necessary, in order to maintain our
commercial independence and attain the ulti-
mate empire of the ocean."
