3188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7, j
sition was to establish an entirely new line or
a different line from one now pending before
the Senate in the bill, I should con-ider that
it was clearly out of order j but as I understand
the amendment just a« I understood the amend-
ment moved in Committee of rbe Whole yester-
day, it is to extend the service, as by
the Senator 1'iom Indiana ; in fact, adding a
farther section to an extsring line. The propo-
sition of the committee is to pay $75,000 for
service between San Francisco and the Sand-
wich Islands. Now, it is perfectly relevant for
the Senate to modify that sum, either to increase
it to $100,000 or $200,000 or reduce it to
$50,000. That would be entirely within the
rule. So would it be to contract the line.
Suppose there were an island ou the hue of
that, route this side of rhe Sandwich Islands,
it would be perfectly relevant and come within
the scope of this rule if it were proposed to
reduce the distance, and also to reduce or en-
large the sum.
Now, as I understand, this is an extension
of what would be a direct line touching at
the Sandwich Islands; and I ask the Senate
whether it is not proper that we should enlarge
the sum to extend that service and make it a
complete line, a whole? If it were a line to
go by the way of China, diverting largely from
the direct route, then exception might be taken
and it might be ruled out. Bat inasmuch as
it is in a direct line and only involves an in-
creased amount to perfect the whole distance,
this being a section ot the whol^ line, it seems
to me a clear case of relevancy within the rule
The ViCE PRESIDENT. The question
before the Senate is, does this amendment
directly relate to an appropriation contained
in this bill. The Chair is disposed to construe
restrictive rules restrictively; but asthisiule
hasiu ver yet been construed, the Chair desires
lhat the Senate should construe it themselves.
Mr. POMEKOY. T nere are two or three
of these subsidy propositions ; and I am not
going to vote upon them oil any technical
constiuction v.f this rule. I think it would
be unfair fur us to rule technically on one of
these propositions after having given the
olher two a hearing, and a day ami a place
on the bill. 1 do not dispute the ruling of the
Chair, and I am not going to vote on any
such question. I am going to vote on the
question of giving this line a chance to get 011
the bill like the others.
The VICE PiiliSlDENT. That is the
precise question the Chair has avoided l-uluig
on, though the Senate may have inferred the
Chair's opinion about it. lie desires the
Senate to decide this point uf order for them-
selves, whether under the new rule this amend
meat is in order as directly relating to a.n
appropriation in the bill.
Mr. POIIERO Y. 1 am not criticising the
decision of 'he Olviir. [ do not know b-ic
what I would rule the same way it' I Had bei-n
in the chair ; but my opinion is that this line
ought, to have a fair chance oil the bill like
anything else 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Law or no law !
Mr. POM Eli 0\". It is a mere technical
objection. The other two subsidy propositions,
by some hook or crook got reported, and got
on to the bill belore this rule was adopted.
Now we cannot be .small and technical and
ke<jp this one off.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask
the Senator a question?
Mr. POMEKOY. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Under the
construction that the Senator has given to the
rule, and under lhat of the Senator from Indi-
ana, 1 desire to know whether it will not be in
order to move any kind of subsidy anywhere,
say from Philadelphia to Bremen?
Mr. POMEKOY. The Senate can judge of
that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As this bill
treats of subsidies, will not all subsidies, there-
fore, be in order?
Mr. POMEROY. The Senate can judge of
that.
Mr. MORTON. Allow me to answer the
question. I answer by saying that a million
subsidy having got into the bill, that would
perhaps be likely to choke off the little ones,
so that its passage through the other House
may not thereby be endangered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That determines the
point of order!
Mr. POMEROY. We spent a whole day
on this proposition; it then went over to
another day; then we had it up on this bill
in Committee of the Whole, and spent the
greater part ol a day; and now it is proposed
not to take any vote, because by some techni-
cal construction it is not in order. I propose
that we vote upon it 011 its merits, and let it
be either voted up or voted down; let it be
ended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators, those
who consider that this amendment relates
directly 10 an appropriation contained in the
bill will say !'ay;" those opposed will say
" 110."
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 21, noes 20.
Mr. EDMUNDS called for the yeas and
nays ; and they were ordered.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I do not under-
stand that this vote is on the merits, but on the
admissibility of the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the con-
struction of the rule.
Mr. POMEKOY*. I vote entirely on the
m-rits of the question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, how-
ever, submits the point of order under the
new rule: does this amendment directly re-
late to an appropriation contained in the bill?
The Secretary will call the roll.
The yeas and nays were taken.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am paired with the Sen-
ator from Minnesota [Mr. Ramsey] on ques-
tions connected with this matter. I do not
know whether this would be regarded as in
volving the merits of the question, and there-
fore, out of abuudaut caution, I shall withhold
my vote. I should have voted "nay" if at
liberty, and I suppose he would vote "yea."
The result was announced—yeas 31, nays
19 ; as follows: 1
7 . 1
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Bcreman, '
Caldwell, Oasserly, Clayton, Cole, Corbett, Davis
ot We^t Virgima, i'erry of Michigan. Gilbert, !
Hitchcock, Johnston, Kellosj?, Kelly. Morrill of j
Maine, Morton, Nye, Pomeroy, Pool, Rico, Sawyer,
Schuiz. dpiugue, Stevenson, Stockton. Sumner,
West, Wikon, and Windom—31.
XAYS—Messrs. Ames Anthony, Buckingham,
Cameron, Chandler, Cooper, Cragin, Edmunds,
1'erry oi Connecticut, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen,
Hamilton, of Maryland, Harlan, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Osborn, Scott, Sherman, Trumbull, and
Viekers—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Carpenter. Conk-
ling, l)avi5-of Kentucky, Fenton, Goldthwaite,
Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Hill, II.>wp. I."wis,
Logan, N01 wood, Patterson, Pratt, Ramsey, Ran-
som, Robertson, Niulsbiiry, Spencer, Stewart, Xhur-
man, Tipton, and Wright—2i.
The \ ICE PRESIDENT. O11 the question,
will the Senate receive this amendment as
directly relating to an appropriation contained
in this bill? the yeas are 31, and the nays 1§.
The yeas have it. The amendment is decided
by the Senate to be in order, and is now pend-
ing, and the question is upon agreeing to it.
Air. CHANDLER. Mr. President, since
this proposition was before the Senate yester-
day I have obtained additional statistics with
reference to it. I read the statement of the
whole commerce of Melbourne, one terminus
of this route, for three quarters of the year
ending June 30, 1870, with the United States.
The whole amount was £3.572 195, somewhere
between sixteen and seventeen thousand dol-
lars. Since then I have obtained the commer-
cial statistics giving every item of commerce
between the United States and Australia, and
it includes more than Australia; it includes
Australia, New Zealand, and Tasmania; and
it gives the commercial statistics down to June
30,1871. The whole commerce during the last
fiscal year up to the 30th of June between all
those possessions and San Francisco amounted
to $301,604. The whole commerce with this
nation was $285,411 of imports from Aus-
tralia and all these countries. This is for the
last fiscal year up to June 30, 1871. The
whole exports to Australia and all these differ-
ent possessions was $2,369 340, and $54,380
of reexports. So that the whole of this com-
merce as you perceive was only $285,000 in
imports from there ; but an exceptional demand
sprang up for wool last fall, which has in-
creased onr imports within the past few months.
It will be seen. Mr. President, that the com-
merce between Australia and the United States
is so absolutely tiifling that in voting a subsidy
for a steamship line there you are throwing
away your money and throwing away every
dollar of it. What do you propose to do? I
can give you the amount of all this commerce
from New York and from Boston The imports
into Boston for that year amounted to $27.095;
our exports amounted to $527,541. Our im-
ports into New Y'ork amounted to $107,140;
and onr exports $1,079,643. But, sir, the
whole of this commerce is done by sail around
the Horn. It costs you more than double as
much to transport merchandise from here to
San Francisco as it does from here to Austra-
lia. Now you propose to do what? You pro-
pose to pay $5,000,000 in the next ten years
to this .subsidized hue for a commerce which
last year amounted to only $301,000. Why,
Mr. President, sending ice to Alaska, or coals
to Newcastle, would be wisdom compared
with undertaking to build up a commerce with
Australia by subsidizing a steamship line.
You might better characterize this "A bill
to aid the British Government in taking its
mails by the most rapid transit from Australia
to England." You pay $5,000,000, for -we
may as well look at this thing in its true light,
for what? Literally for nothing, for you will
not increase your commerce between Australia
and Mew York which goes around the Horn;
you will not increase your commerce, between
Australia and Boston which goes around the
Horn. You are paying it literally for your
commerce with San Fiaucisco, and the whole
amount of that within the last fiscal year was
only $301,000. The whole commercial busi-
ness transacted with Melbourne, the terminus
ot this line, for the last three quarters of the
year before was as follows: for the quarter
ending December 31, 1869, £1,806 12s. 2d.;
for the quarter ending March 31, 1870. £1.280
3s. lid.; for the quarter ending June 30, 1870,
£486 2s. lid.; orin all£3,572 19s., or$17,000.
And you are going to pay $5,000,000, are you,
to get hold of a commerce of that kind?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor's time has expired.
Several Skxatoks. Let him go ou.
Mr. COKBEiT. The Senator from Michi-
gan has given us 
Mr. WINDOM. Will the Senator from
Oregon yield to me for a moment? I wish to
say that it is the desire of a large number of
Senators who have spoken to me that this bill
should be concluded before we adjourn, and
so I shall insist on the live-minutes rule being
complied with.
Mr. CORBETT. I believe I have nevw
transgressed the rule as yet.
Mr. WINDOM. I want to give that notice
now so that I shall not be deemed invidious
hereafter.
Mr. CORBETT. The Senator from Michi-
gan gave us the amount of receipts and the
amount of commerce with Australia on the
30th June, 1871, which was about the time, or
before, this line was put on. It is now nearly
a year since the line was put on, and the re-
ports that have been made since show that the
receipts are very much larger since the estab-
lishment of this line of commerce. I simp'y
wished to correct that statement, fearing that
that statement with regard to the amount 01
