1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
451
account of the change from ten hours to eight
hours as a day's work, and in addition it will
require quite a number of paymastersand addi-
tional clerks, and for a long period of time, to
ascertain the amount due and to pay the same.
It seems that they are now receiving twenty
per cent, more than what is paid by private
employers for a similar amount of work else-
where in the same neighborhood. Under the
circumstances, it was thought proper by the
Committee on Finance to report an amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute repealing
the law authorizing this change from ten hours
to eight hours.
Mr. MORTON. I would like to inquire of
the Senator from Vermont if there has not
been some information furnished by the officers
of the Governmentin regard to the proportion
of tvork done under the eight-hour system as
compared with that under the former system?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will state
that there has been none furnished to the
Committee on Finance on our application;
but the Senator is aware of what was read by
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wil-
son,] as coming from the military superintend-
ent of Springfield arsenal, the other day, and
that is the only information I know of that
relates to that subject which has been com-
municated at the present session of Congress.
It seems, Mr. President, to be invidious for
the Government to be paying more for precisely
the same kind of work than is paid elsewhere
in the country, and, under all theciicumstances,
the Committee on Finance directed me to re-
port the amendment as I have stated. This
will leave the compensation under the law just
as interpreted by the Attorney General until
revised by the President's proclamation. Any-
thing bejond that will be attended by infinite
difficulty. Let it be laid on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not now
subject to debate, except by unanimous eon-
sent, as the report has been made to-day.
What does the Senator desire shall be done
with the papers?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that
the papers be printed and laid on the table, to
accompany the bill, which, of course, will go
on the Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
craigiiill channkl.
Mr. VICKERS. Iam instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 413) to appropriate a sum of money
for the placing of range-lights along the ship-
channel in the Chesapeake bay and Patapsco
river, in the State of Maryland, commonly
called the Craighill channel, to report it back
and to recommend its passage. I ask for the
consideration of the bill on account of the
necessity of the ease. It has been recom-
mended by the engineers corps, the Light-
House Board, and the Treasury Department,
aud is unanimously reported from the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee ofthe Whole, proceeded to consider
the bili (S. No. 413) to appropriate a sum
of money for the placing of range-lights along
th8 ship-channel in the Chesapeake bay and
Patapsco river, in the State of Maryland, com-
monly called the Craighill channel. For the
purpose named, the bill proposes to appropri-
ate the sum of §40,000.
Mr. COLE. I inquire whether that is not
making an appropriation, and whether it has
been before the Committee oft Appropriations.
I think it is irregular.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill has been
before the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER. Light-bouse appropri-
ations are not referred to the Committee on
Appropiiations ; they come from the Commit-
tee on Commerce, always.
Mr. POMEROY. It is not a regular appro-
priation bill.
Mr. COLE. I think it is a regular appro-
priation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from California that appro-
priations for light-houses and rivers and har-
bors have, so far as he knows, always come
from the Committee on Commerce.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
light-iiouses and beacons.
Mr. CORBETT. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce to report back a res-
olution that was adoptedby the National Board
of Trade, and recommend its passage. I ask
its present consideration.
The resolution was considered and agreed
to, as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be, and ho is hereby, respectfully requested to lay
before Congress for publication, if the public inter-
est shall allow, the correspondence which has passed
between the Government ofthe United States and
Great Britain relative to the dues now collected in
the latter country from merchant shipping for the
support of light-houses and beacons, with a view to
renewing the application of ourown Governmentat
the proper time for the relief of the shipping inter-
est from these charges, and for the maintenance of
the light-house system of Great Britain trom the
public revenue, in accordanco with the policy and
practice of tho Government of the United States,
which has lighted its coast and harbors for the free
use of the ships of all nations.
artificial limbs.
Mr. BLAIR. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
471) to amend an act entitled "An act supple-
mentary to an act to provide for furnishing
artificial limbs for disabled soldiers," approved
June 30, 1870, have directed me to report
back without amendment, and I desire its
present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It provides that the benefits
of the act approved June 13, 1870, entitled
"An act supplementary to an act to provide
for furnishing artificial limbs to disabled sol-
diers," shall be extended to major generals,
brigadier generals, colonels, lieutenant col-
onels, majors, and all officers, soldiers, sea-
men, and marines, disabled in the military
or naval service of the United States, as fully
as the same are provided for in the acts
approved July 16, 1862, July 28, 1866, and
July 27, 1868, in so far as these acts relate to
artificial limbs, and to transportation for
procuring those limbs.
Mr. BLAIR. I will state that this bill gives
to all officers above the grade of captain the
same benefits as to artificial limbs which those
below the rank of captain now enjoy. There
are many officers above that rank who lost their
limbs, and whose circumstances are no better
than those of officers below that rank.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Missouri how much it will
require to meet the provisions of this bill?
Mr. BLAIR. I do not know. I have no data
by which to tell how much will be required.
Every officer above the grade of captain who
lost a limb m the war will be entitled to an
artificial limb from tho Government under this
bill. I can see no ground to discriminate
against officers above that rank.
Mr. SHERMAN. I dislike ever to object
to a provision of tldskind, because, as a matter
of course, we all feel a sympathy for soldiers
in this condition ; but officers of the Army of
the grades named have additional pay and
pension, and the cost of a limb would be much
less to them than to an ordinary soldier. If
this is going to make a large extension of the
provisions of the law passed a few years since
it ought to be examined ; but I do not like to
object.
Mr. BLAIR. I think the Senator is very
much mistaken. I think he will find that no
amount of additional pay would compensate
an officer for the loss of his arm or his leg.
Mr. SHERMAN. The reason given for the
discrimination in the old law was that the pay
of the private soldier or of the inferior officer
would not justify the purchase of the necessary
artificial limb, while the pay of officers of a
higher grade was amply sufficient to provide
them with such limbs. However, as the Mil-
itary Committee have reported the bill, I will
not stand in the way of its passage.
Mr. BLAIR. It is very well known to every
one, I suppose, that, the additional pay given
to officers of high rank is necessary on account
of their increased expenditures in the Army
on account of their rank, and almost all of the
officers to whom this bill will apply have retired
from the service. I can see no just ground for
discriminating against officers of higher rank
than captain in this matter. As I have before
remarked, no amount of pay or pension can
compensate a man for the loss of one of his
limbs.
Mr. CONKLING. I understand the law
now to stand thus, and I will thank the honor-
able Senator from Missouri to correct me if I
am wrong: enlisted men are entitled to artifi-
cial limbs if they have lost their own, and, pre-
ferring not to take them, they are entitled to
asum of money in lieu of the limb. Am I
right so far?
Mr. BLAIR. I believe so.
Mr. CONKLING. I understand that the
statutes which make the law as I have stated
were adopted upon the ground tlat enlisted
men belonging to the rank and file did not re-
ceive pay in the first instance, and in the sec-
ond instance did not receive pensions so large
as to enable them to provide themselves with
the poor substitute which art has contrived for
their natural limbs. That, of course, was in-
consistent with the idea that the major gen-
erals, brigadier generals, and colonels were
to'be provided with artificial limbs at the pub-
lic expense. The reason, I say, did not obtain
in their case at all. Now, however, a bill is
presented as I supposed, in the first place, to
extend this favor, and to make it applicable to
all men, regardless of their rank; but upon
looking at the bill I find that even this is not
so. The bill proposes, as I undeistand it, to
pass over all military men intermediate be-
tween the common soldier and the captain,
and, beginning with captains, to extend this
right to the officers above. Now, I should like
to know why that should be done.
Mr. BLAIR. The Senator is mistaken.
The present law applies to all officers of the
grade of captain and below, as well as to
common soldiers.
Mr. CONKLING. I just now asked the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, whom I do not see in his seat, [Mr.
Wilson,] and he told me that the present law
did not cover officers below the rank of cap-
tain, but only enlisted men.
Mr. BLAIR. My impression is that it does
cover officers of that rank and below.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not see the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts here ; per-
haps he will be here in a moment. My n.col-
lection—and my friend from Indiana [Mr.
Mobtok] confirms me—is with the Senator
fiom Massachusetts; but I br*g to ask m 
fiiend from Missouri what is the usp of all
these words if he is right? Why not strike
out these words? Then the bill is general.
Why begin and say " everybody from captain
up," if everybody from captain down lias this
privilege now? Why not obliterate the dis-
tinction, and say all men shall have it ?
Mr. BLAIR. I have no objection to the
Senator's so amending the bill. He is very
felicitous in language, I know.
Mr. CONKLING. I have no particular
desire to amend it; but I suggest to the hon-
orable Senator that these words, if they have
any use at all, imply that there must be some-
