1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1847
.much of it will be worthless another year; that they
'have enterod into their contracts, involving the in-
vestment of many millions of dollars, upon the faith
ofthe protection atthetime offered by existing legis-
lation, and in anticipation of no such risk as they
are now threatened with in the competition of
foreign lumber, a contingency the happening of
■which must unavoidably subject them to serious loss;
third, the excessively large quantities of lumber
which will necessarily be thrown upon the market
in consequence of the reasons given, will insure
to purchasers lower prices than have been known
for several years past, and possible loss to the man-
ufacturers; adding thereto lumber from Canada free
of duty, which can be produced, because of cheap
labor and supplies, at less cost than in Michigan,
will increase our misfortune, and benefit only the
foreign producer; fourth, that the damage whieh
must, by the withdrawal of present'proteetion with-
out notice or warning, necessarily fall upon the
home lumber interests, will likewise involve and
endanger all other home interests in this State, their
dependence upon the former being of the most im-
mediate and vital character; fifth, that the proposed
legislation is unwise, partial, and unjust; that it
invites fraudulent speculation, to the serious detri-
ment of our greatest industries.
This memorial is from Muskegon, with one
hundred and fifty-three subscribers. I pre-
sent a similar memorial signed by eighteen
subscribers from the same place ; one signed
by one hundred and sixty citizens from Man-
istee ; a like one from Grand Haven signed
by fourteen manufacturers; a similar one
from Ludnigton with eighteen signatures ; a
like memorial from Pentwater with twenty-
seven signatures; two similar memorials from
Big Rapids with a large number of names; one
from Muir county with ninety-seven signatures;
and one with eighty-six signatures from Flint,
Michigan. I move that all these memorials
be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. President, I feel myself
out of placc in getting up here and presenting
petitions, because we all know it is so easy to
have them printed and sent out and signed
and returned. i could get petitions from
every town in Illinois presented here, signed
by every citizen, asking for the passage of
this bill. I have no complaints to make, but
I merely desire to read a letter in answer to
all these petitions;
Chicago, February 26,1872.
Dear Sir; We do not own any real estate in this
city, though we have some in Cook county. Our
property is chiefly in Wisconsin, where we have
about twenty-five thousand acres of pine lands.
We ardently desire the passage of the Chicago relief
bill now before the United States Senate.
We have the honor to be, your obedient servants,
A. B. JACKSON & SON.
Hon. Johx A. Logan, United States Senate.
This is pretty good from an owner of pine
lands that have been burned out. I think it is
a pretty good answer to these petitions.
Mr. STEVENSON presented the petition
of W. H. Payne, of Warren county, Kentucky,
praying ihe removal of his political disabili-
ties; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabili-
ties.
Mr. PERRY, of Michigan, presented a peti-
tion of citizens of New Jersey, late soldiers
and sailors of the United States Army and
Navy, praying Congress to modify the home-
stead law of May 20, 1862, and the acts amend-
atory thereof, so that the time which the sol-
dier or sailor served in the Army or Navy of
the United States during the war of the rebel-
lion, after two years' actual residence upon
the homestead, may be deducted from the term
of five years' residence which the act now
requires, before he can acquire title thereto ;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WRIGHT presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Iowa, protesting against the
action of the Union Pacific Railroad Company
in making a contract with Omaha, providing
that the eastern terminus shall be and remain
in the city of Omaha, and in favor of such
action as will secure the eastern terminus of
that railroad in the Stale of Iowa ; which was
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road.
Mr. WRIGHT. I also present a joint res-
plution of the General Assembly of the State
of Iowa, reciting that the Union of the States
and the permanent security of the liberty and
freedom of the people have been secured by
the sacrifices and bravery of our soldiers and
sailors during the late and bloody civil war,
and further reciting that it has been the cus-
tom of the Government from gratitude to grant
to those making these sacrifices military war-
rants, entitling them to portions of the public
domain preserved by their valor, and there-
fore asking the immediate passage of a law
granting to every honorably discharged soldier
and sailor one hundred and sixty acres of land
on his making oath that he intends in good
faith to make a home thereon. I have thus
very fully stated the substance of this memo-
rial. I shall not ask that it be read, but I
move that it be printed and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT. It will be remembered that
yesterday morning I gave notice that I should
this morning call up the Chicago relief bill.
I am advised that the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, [Mr. Howe,] by reason of indisposition,
is not present, and desires to be present at the
time the bill is considered j and therefore I
shall not call it up this morning, but will do so
on Monday morning.
Mr. WINDOM presented a petition of citi-
zens of the United States, late soldiers of the
United States Army, praying the equalization
of bounties at $8 33J per month for time of
service, and bounty land without requirement
of settlement, to Union soldiers and sailors
and marines in the war of the rebellion; whieh
was rcfeired to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Paterson, New Jersey, praying Congress to so
modify the homestead law of the 20th of May,
1862, that the time which the soldier or sailor
served in the Army or Navy of the United
States during the war of the rebellion after
two years' actual residence upon his home-
stead, may be deducted from the term of live
years' residence which the act now requires
before he can acquire title thereto ; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of Rev.
Ryland J. Dillard, of Lexington, Kentucky,
praying to be allowed a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PRATT. While I am up I desire, in
pursuance of the notice which I gave yester-
day, to ask the consent of the Senate to take
up'the Senate bill I then referred to, granting
to the State of Indiana the bed of Beaver lake,
as soon as the morning business is through.
I move that it be taken up now, and if taken
up I will consent that the morning business
may be finished before I proceed to address
the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The call still
resting at petitions and memorials, the Sen-
ator from Indiana asks unanimous consent
that the Senate take up the bill in regard to
the right of the State of Indiana to lands in
the bed of Beaver lake, on which he desires
to address the Senate about thirty minutes,
stating that he will give way for the remaining
morning business if the bill shall be taken
up. Is there objection?
Mr. POMEROY. I am in favor of the Sen-
ator's bill, but I had up a bill the day before
yesterday which was laid aside at the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Thuii-
mas.] I have perfected the bill according to
his wishes, and desire a vote on it. That is
the only objection I have.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
objects, the bill of the Senator from Indiana
cannot be taken up.
Mr. ]?RATT. I will not ask for the consid-
eration of the bill to-day ; I will not ask that
it be pressed to a vote. I desire to submit my
views briefly to the Senate, and I think I can
get through by one o'clock.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not suppose that
there is objection to the bill of the Senator
from Indiana at all. Every Senator will vote
for it, I apprehend. Why not vote for it
to-day ?
Mr. PRATT. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition o'f the Senator from
Indiana ?
Mr. COLE. I dislike very much to raise an
objection to anything going on in the morning
hour, but I am apprehensive that it will run
over the morning hour in all probability and
intrude upon the hour for the unfinished busi-
ness, at which time I shall feel bound from my
obligations to the Senate and the country to
object to the further consideration of this bill
if it be taken up. I suggest to my friend from
Indiana that it would be well to let it go over
until he is ready to proceed with the bill, and
then let him make his speech so that we shall
know what we are acting upon. I think it
will be luminous, and will illustrate the whole
subject-matter at that time. If the bill be
taken up now for the purpose of having him
make his speech, we shall forget all about the
bill by the time it is taken up for final action.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands that there is objection to the motion
of the Senator from Indiana, and the bill can-
not be taken up now.
Mr. SCOTT presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Centre county, Pennsylvania, remon-
strating against a change of the existing tariff
laws abating or abolishing duties upon such
articles as are successfully produced in this
country, and for a repeal of all duties upon tea
and coffee; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Pennsylvania, late soldiers in the United States
Army, asking Congress to pass an act giving
to all soldiers, sailors, and marines, and to the
heirs of those who are deceased, §8 33J- per
month for the entire time served, deducting
therefrom all Government bounties heretofore
received by them ; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SAWYER presented a petition of mer-
chants of Charleston, South Carolina, praying
that if the bill for the repeal of the duties on
tea and coffee should become a law, it shall
not take effect for at least ninety days after
its enactment; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. VICKERS presented a resolution of
the General Assembly of Maryland, asking
for the survey and improvement of the harbor
at Annapolis; which Was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. BLAIR presented the petition of B. H.
Farmer, of Missouri, praying for an amend-
ment to section one hundred and sixty-two of
the bill for the revision and consolidation of
the statutes relating to the Post Office Depart-
ment; which was referred to the Committee
oil Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. BLAIR.. I ask Unanimous consent to
call up the House bill making an appropri-
ation for the construction of a public building
in the city of St. Louis.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine._ I hope the Sena-
ator from Missouri will bear in mind that the
Senator from Indiana wishes to address the
Senate, and I trust by general consent the
Senator from Indiana will be permitted to pro-
ceed with his remarks at the present time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri withdraws the request, the Chair
understands.
Mr. BLAIR. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana renews his request that the bill alluded
to by himself may be taken up that he may
address the Senate in regard to it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope that
will be done, the Senator yielding for morning
business before he goes on,
