1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4035
have directed me to report in favor of the bill,
and recommend its passage. There is a report
in the case which I ask to have printed, and if
there is no objection I should like to have the
bill put on its passage now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It is a direction to the Secretary
of the Interior to place on the pension-roll,
subject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the name of William Freshone,
latea captainin company B of the eighth regi-
ment of Ohio cavalry, from the 12th day of
October, 1804, deducting the amount received
by him on pension certificate now held by him,
and this act is to be in lieu of that certificate of
pension.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to
whom was referred House bill No. 2763, to
provide a building suited to the use of the
custom-house, post office, the pension and
revenue officers, and the judicial officers of the
United States in the city of Memphis, Tennes-
see, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am also
directed by the'same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2850) author-
izing the construction of a public building at
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, for the use of the
post office and United States courts in said
city, to report it favorably on the ground that
it makes no appropriation.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask that that bill be put on
its passage.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read for inform-
ation.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I deem it
my duty to say that the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds would not have reported
a bill ol this kind. It is in very awkward shape
and limits the amount for the site and the pub-
lic building to be erected in Philadelphia to
$1,500,000, and directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to go on and purchase the ground,
without making any direct appropriation. My
own opinion is that the bill wilt be entirely
inoperative ; but as the people of Philadelphia
are very anxious that something should be
done, the committee finally consented that the
bill should pass.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will have to go over.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope there will be no
objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
PENSION BILLS.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have been ill for a day
or two and have not had my fair day in court
on behalf of the pensioners, and I ask the Sen-
ate therefore to consider four or five pension
bills that are on the Calendar that have been
reported favorably for some weeks. As they
are mere acts of simple justice and involve no
heavy claim on the United States, it seems to
be due to these, poor people, particularly as
the pensions only take effect from the passage
of the act, that those bills should be passed.
Mr. SUMNER. I think we ought to go
through with the morning business. I have a
resolution to offer.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are ten
or twelve pension bills on the Calendar reported
favorably.
Mr. SUMNER. We can get through with
the morning business in five or ten minutes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then, after the morning
business, I shall ask that this be done.
The V ICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont asks consent that after the morning
business the Senate shall consider pension
bills reported favorably by the Committee on
Pensions. Is there objection ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I shall ask that the
conference report on House bill No. 2116 be
considered, and if it is in order now I ask that
it may be.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There appears
to be objection to the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Vermont.
SCHOOLS IN WASniNGTON.
' Mr. PATTERSON. The Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom were referred
the amendments of the House of Represent-
atives to the bill (S. No. 299) amending an
act entitled "An act directing the conveyance
of a lot of ground for the use of the public
schools of the city of Washington," have had
the same under consideration, and have in-
structed me to ask that the Senate concur in
the amendments of the House.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendments.
The amendments of the House of Represent-
atives were in line three to strike out the words
" proper authorities" and insert the word
"Governor;" in line four to strike out the
words "they are" and insert "he is;" and
add to the bill the following proviso:
Provided, That said sale shall be made at pub-
lic auction in the day-time, to the highest bidder,
upon notice of the time, place, and terms of sale
published in the National Republican and Daily
Patriot, newspapers published in the city of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, once on each day re-
spectively, in their respective issues, for thirty days
immediately preceding the said sale, and the Gov-
ernor may, if in his opinion the said lot will bring a
higher price, give time for the payment of a part of
the purchase-money, taking the usual security upon
said lot, which he is authorized to take, and dis-
charge when full payment shall be made.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. PATTERSON. The same commit-
tee, to whom was referred the amendment
of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 298) directing the conveyance of cer-
tain lots of ground with the improvements
thereon, for the use' of the public schools of
the city of Washington, have instructed me
to report in favor of concurring in the amend-
ment. I ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Seuate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the
House of Representatives, which waste strike
out all after the enacting clause of the bill,
and in lieu thereof to insert the following :
That the following described lands in the city of
Washington, to wit, a parcel of land marked and
designated upon the map of the city of Washington
as part of lot numbered eleven in square numbered
one hundred and forty-one, beginning at the north-
west corner of said lot and running thence due
south on the west lino ol said square fifty feet;
thence due east thirty feet; thence due north fifty
feet; and thence due west, on the north line of said
square, to the point of beginning; also a certain
piece of land, marked and designated upon the map
of the city of Washington as a public reservation,
located between Eighth and Ninth streets and K
street and Virginia avenue, southeast, known as the
Anacostia engine-house, and tlie buildings and im-
provements on said lots are hereby set apart and
appropriated for the use of the public schools in
said city of Washington so long as they shall be
occupied for that purpose and no longer.
The amendmeut was concurred in.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. PATTERSON. The same committee,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
2884) for the settlement and payment of the
claim of Elizabeth S. Brewer, executrix of
John Brewer, have instructed me to report it
back without amendment, and to ask imme-
diate action thereon. It has only two or three
lines.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very sorry, but as
long as my poor widows are standing at the
door I must object.
Mr. PATTERSON. This is a poor widow.
Mr. EDMUNDS. She must wait her turn.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask for action on the
conference report.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is that in order at this
time?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has a certain
priority, but it does not under the rule come
up in preference to other business.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then let it take its turn.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask a vote of the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. After the morn-
ing business it can be reached by moving it
like any other report of a committee or any
resolution on the Calendar.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I shall insist on
going on with the morning business uutil it is
through.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is just what I am
trying to do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees are in order.
Mr. SPENCER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 772) to incorporate the Loomis Aerial
Telegraph Company, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to have
that bill go on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be placed
on the Calendar.
Mr. SPENCER also, from the same com-
mittee, to whom was referred the bid (II. 11.
No. 2970) for the relief of T. II. Holderness,
owner of the British ship Duke of Edinburgh,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. SPENCER. 1 am directed by the same
committee, to whom was referred the bill (II.
R. No. 837) to amend an act entitled "An
act to regulate the diplomatic and consular
system of the United States," approved Au-
gust 18, 1856, to report it back, and ask for its
present consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is objected
to by the Senator from Vermont, and he is m
his seat and insists on the objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. SPENCER. Then I withdraw the
report.
Mr. OSBORN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 2050) for the relief of J. S. Underbill,
reported it without amendment, and submitted
a report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SCOTT, from the joint select Commit-
tee on Alleged Outrages in the Southern States,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 1109)
to amend an act to enforce the right of the
citizens of the United States, &c., approved
February 28, 1871, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, reported
a bill (S. No. 1176) to extend the provisions
of the fourth section of the act approved
April 20, 1871, and to declare and enlorce
the civil rights of citizens of the United States ;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. BAYARD. I rise to place this ques-
tion before the Senate, as I am on the com-
mittee. The joint select committee of the
two Houses was created for a special purpose.
The resolution creating that committee de-
scribed the duties and powers of the commit-
tee. I was not in the Senate at the time this
reference was made of a matter in no way ger-
mane to the object for which the committee
was created ; and I desire to ask whether the
question can be raised now, when the com-
mittee report—at the first time the oppor-
tunity has been given to me or to any mem-
ber of the committee upon this floor, even the
Senator presenting the bill—I ask whether an
objection can now be made to the reception
of that bill as business for the Senate, on the
ground that it relates to subject-matter not
germane to the object for which the special
committee was created?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
answer the question, for it is a very plain one
under parliamentary law. When a committee
Is raised with any specific duties, it has, of
course, jurisdiction of those specific duties ; and
in addition thereto the legislative body raising it
