22©
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
tiof), and lie voted for the constitution which
contained in it a provision which deprived
nearly every white man in the State of Vir-
ginia of the right to vote, to hold office, or to
sit upon juries. He was one of the parties
who made that constitution. They we're not
satisfied with the legislation of Congress. They
knew that in time the Congress of the United
States would relent, and therefore he was in-
strumental in having put into that constitution
a provision that no man should vote, hold
office, or serve as a juror who had ever sym-
pathized with the southern people in the late
war. He talks aboutproscription! And then
he tells us about gerrymandering. Why, sir,
that very convention of which he was a mem-
ber, and a leading member, gerrymandered
the State of Virginia in the formation of its
congressional districts in such a-way as never
was witnessed anywhere before. I wish I
could sketch it. Take, sir, one example ; that
of the city of Richmond. Richmond was given
by that convention five representatives in the
Legislature; the county of Henrico was given
three representatives; but the city of Rich-
mond had a slight Conservative majority, and
the county of Henrico was believed to be Rad-
ical, and therefore that gentleman and his
friends tacked the two together and gave them
eight representatives in the Legislature, with
the hope that they might thus control eight
votes.
Then, as to his charge about not permitting
colored men to vote, he is very innocent!
He does not know anything about what is done
in the way of a violation of the law. Why,
sir, he reminds me somewhat of the heathen
Chinee who played a game with Bill Nye. He
did not understand the game at all, but yet the
Chinaman had twenty-iour packs up his sleeve
when Bill Nye only had four aces, and that is
the way in which the gentleman and his friends
played with us Democrats in Virginia.
Now, as I said here on a former occasion,
respectable citizens in my county have been
arrested without a shadow of authority, and
the gentleman cannot deny the charge. They
were arrested and carried off a hundred miles
from their homes, and compelled to pay large
fees, and yet every one of them was discharged
by the United States commissioner, himself a
Radical, because there was not a shadow of
evidence against them. I would remark about
this question of voting that the gentleman
knows that there is such a thing as repeating,
and I have heard it said (I do not know it of
my own knowledge) that this was a practice.
They voted their men at one precinct, and then
carried them to another and arranged them in
line and tried to vote them again, the object
being that when the polls closed at night it
might be said they had not voted all their men,
and therefore might come to Congress and get
them to reconstruct us again. I have under-
stood that this was done at various points, and
I have reason to believe it.
Now, what did they do in the election in
Richmond city? They imported colored men
from all the country round and voted them as
occasion required. I do not know how it is, but
I understand that they bring these men here to
Washington before an election. Certain it is
that they brought them to Richmond city, and
kept them there in the custom-house, and then
voted them when some of them had not been
in the city twentyfour hours. Of course it
was the right and duty of the officers of the
election to investigate those matters and ascer-
tain whether those parties had the right to
vote.
The gentleman in his remarks has chosen to
make an attack upon the judiciary of my Slate.
Sir, I will not undertake to defend that judi-
ciary from those charges. It is a judiciary
which has ever stood pure and uncorrupt and
incorruptible. I might as well talk about de-
fending the king of the forest from the attack of a
chinch-bug as to talk about defending the judi-
ciary of Virginia from the assaults of my col-
league. I have been induced to make these
few remarks because of the assaults of my
colleague upon my people and my State.
Knowing Ms antecedents, I thought it but
right that they should also be made known to
the country.
CIVIL SERVICE.
Mr. HAVEN'S asked and obtained unani-
mous consent to have printed in the Globe
some remarks he had prepared upon the sub-
ject of the civil service. [Seo Appendix.]
ST. JOSEPH POST OFFICE.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker,
I had the honor at the last session of this
Congress to introduce a bill to provide for the
erection of a Government building for the use
of the post office, custom-house, internal reve-
nue office, and United States courts at St.
Joseph, Missouri. Now, although this bill pro-
vides for an improvement local in its charac-
ter, yet a principle is involved in appropria-
tions of this nature which is coextensive with
the nation, and for this reason I deem it
proper and appropriate that I should occupy
the time of the House while I briefly present
to it a few of the many reasons why not only
this appropriation but many others of a like
character should be made.
We are told that the Government cannot
afford to erect so many buildings at this time.
Do gentlemen who take this position know
that the wealth of a nation is not alone in the
money it may have hoarded up in its vaults?
Its wealth consists to a great extent in the
development of its internal material resources,
and it is by this means that the prosperity and
happiness of the people of a nation are pro-
moted. And when a nation unlocks its treas-
ury and takes from its strong-box sufficient of
its money to bring into existence buildings in
which the business of its people may be trans-
acted, can it be truthfully said that the money
so expended is thrown away? Does it not re-
ceive more than an equivalent for the money it
expends? Does not the building remain, and
when it is located in a prosperous and thriving
city like St. Joseph, is it not increasing in
value from the very time its first foundation
stone is laid ?
Then, what becomes of the objection that
we as a nation cannot afford the expenditure
of money for this purpose? We are simply
changing the character of our wealth; simply
causing it to assume a form more permanent
in its character, more tangible in its nature,
and causing that wealth to confer blessings
and benefits upon our people for which, in
the coming ages, they will rise up and call us
blessed. There are many who take the posi-
tion that as the Post Office Department does
not pay its way, that because a deficiency may
be charged to it annually, therefore if a public
building proposed to be erected is to be used as
a post office, it ought not to be erected. Does
not the Government have to pay rent, and in
many cases amounting to much more than the
interest on the cost price of the building?
This Department of the Government never
was intended as a direct source of revenue.
The primary object of its organization was
notthat it should^ be self-sustaining. It was
designed by the wisdom of that philanthropic
and philosophic statesman, Franklin, and
others who agreed with him in the idea of its
organization, to confer the blessings of intel-
ligence, commerce, and civilization on the peo-
ple, and as a handmaiden of these elements
of man's happiness, right well does it do its
work. Suppose it is not self-sustaining; what
of it? Is the Army self-sustaining? Does not
the Navy have an annual deficit charged to its
account? And yet, because the Army con-
sumes and does not produce, I hardly think
gentlemen would be willing to abolish the.
Army : and because the Navy is not a direct
source of. revenue, I am unwilling to believe
that gentlemen are quite ready to see it swept
from the ocean:
While the Army and the Navy are necessi-
ties, the Post Office Department, with its vast
system for carrying the mails, its post office
buildings and all iis attributes, is a benefit and
a blessing indispensable to the business of the
country, to its intelligence, its pleasure, and
its happiness; and every dollar spent by the
Government in this direction is spent directly
in the interest of the people. The more facili-
ties you afford this Department of the Gov-
ernment, the more benefits you confer jon the
people who maintain that Government. It is
one of the great agencies of education in this
age. This postal system of ours is one of the
great incentives to education. By means of
it that mighty element of civilization and pro-
gress and the elevation of the human race,
the printing press, is enabled to scatter broad-
cast, even to the most distant parts of this
land, as the leaves of the forest are scattered by
the frosts of autumn, from a thousand steam-
ing presses, hundreds and thousands of jour-
nals which—
"The people's rights maintain,
Unawed by influence, and unbribed by gain."
Through this agency the power of the press
is felt beneath every man's roof-tree, and
every citizen, through the postal facilities of
the country, is enabled, when he qui;s his
workshop, his plow, his counter, his office,
to find awaiting him on his return from his
daily toil a newspaper containing in its col-
umns ably written articles on science, on reli-
gion, on politics, on liberty, on law, all going to
increase that store of golden knowledge which
is the safeguard of the Republic, which is the
very sheet-anchor of our national existence.
The postal Department of this Government,
aided by the telegraph of the country, is doing
more to-day to disseminate intelligence, and to
elevate and make the men and women of this
country better citizens than any other agencies
we have in the land. Yea, even more ; this
Department is doing more to inculcate feelings
of loyalty and patriotism, and strengthen the
ties of friendship in the heart of the citizen
than any other branch of the Government.
By means of the mail and the telegraph time
and space have been comparatively obliterated.
The people are placed side by side with each
other. The facilities for doing business are
increased. The internal and external com-
merce of the country is developed and this
mighty civilizer of our nation showers its
blessings and benefits upon the citizen every-
where. All men, whether of the North, the
South, the East, or the West, through its agency
more than any other, are made to feel the
blessings and benefits conferred by a power-
ful yet beneficent Government. It has in its
operations under the hand of wise legislation,
crossed this vast continent, and carried civil-
ization after it. Its blessiugs, liko the dews
of heaven, have fallen on rich and poor alike.
Gentlemen tell me that we cannot afford
at this time to increase the facilities of this
Department of the Government. They say
we are too poor to build public buildings in
which the postal Department can transact its
business. As a simple business proposition 1
am at a loss to see what injury the Govern
merit sustains by the erection of buildings that
are all the time increasing in value, and if
erected now they they will be worth in ten
years twice what it cost to build them.
But whether this be true or not, I maintain
that the duties of the Government and the cit-
izens are reciprocal. Allegiance in the fullest
sense, which comprehends obedience to law,
and a strict performance of every required
duty, is due from the citizen, while the exer-
cise of every power possessed by the Govern-
ment, that may contribute to the welfare and
happiness of the citizen, is due from the Gov-
ernment to the citizen. Therefore the legis-
lative branch of this Government ought not
