400
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 3,
Ho. of Reps.
1Tie Tariff—Mr. Lamison.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
ending June 30, 1871, were greatly in excess, of
estimates, amounting to $206,207,408 05, ajamst
$194,538,374 44 for the preceding year."
Again, in the same report, he says :
"The probability is that the customs revenue for
the current fiscal year will exceed that for the year
ending June 30,1871."
He concludes, therefore, that it is " practi-
cable to dispense with all revenue from inter-
nal sources, except that derived from stamps,
spirits, tobacco, and malt liquors."
After recommending a redaction of the
duties on salt, bituminous coal, raw hides
and skins, and the removal of all duties from
a "large class of articles produced iu other
countries, which enter the arts and manufac-
tures of this country," he says:
" It is still possible, by wise and moderate changes
adapted to the condition of business and labor, to
reduce the rates of duties with benefit to every class
of people."
As is well known, any considerable reduc-
tion in tariff rates results in a corresponding
increase of imports, stimulating, as it does,
trade and commerce. The Secretary, recog-
nizing this truth, anticipates a considerable
increase of customs revenue for the ensuing
year above the amount received during the
last year, and that there may be no mistake as
to the cause which is to produce this result, he
says:
"The reduction of the rates of duty on 1st of
January, 1871, under the act of July 14,1870, dimin-
ished the importation of many articles during the
last six months of the year 1870, but there was con-
seauently a large addition to the revenues for the
first six months of the year 1871."
In one word, the reduction of duties caused
an influx of gold into the Treasury, an increase
of duties diminished imports, and- in conse-
quence deprived the Treasury of revenue.
It was then but a reasonable expectation in
which the people indulged, after receiving
these assurances from the Secretary of the
Treasury, that tariff rates should be reduced ;
the result of which would be "a benefit to
every class of people," and it was also as just
and reasonable that they should expect this
reduction to be material, not nominal. How
lar this reasonable expectation of the people
has been realized must be answered by the
bill itself. Tea and coffee, which had already
been placed upon the free list by a majority of
both Houses of Congress during the preseut
session, have, notwithstanding this expression
of the people through their accredited Repre-
sentatives been by this bill subjected to duties
almost as onerous and burdensome as before.
The difference is infinitesimal. The committee
has simply defied the country on this subject,
and there is no other expression for its action.
True, it may be said that free tea and free
coffee are not parts of the theory of reve-
nue reform ; that its theory is that of uniform
duties on all articles of import, but what equity
or uniformity the people may find in taxing
them twenty per cent, on coffee and forty per
cent, on tea, and yet retaining duties on iron,
cotton, and woolen goods at rates ranging
from sixty to two hundred and twenty-five per
cent., while at the same time, as if to cover
any deficiency they may have created by
any apparent reduction, the committee has
in the revenue part of the bill added fifteen
cents a gallon on whisky and eight per cent,
on paper above former rates, I leave to revenue
reformers and protectionists to explain.
I have a few facts to submit which I desire
should be explained by gentlemen who debate
this bill, and who represent themselves to the
country as publicists and reformers. I con-
temn no one. 1 seek only after the truth. I
desire as sincerely as any man can do to un-
derstand this question of tariff, this subject of
internal revenue. I have never yet found any
rule for determining amounts except such as
are furnished by tue unerring principles of
mathematics. 1 have never yet learned any
rule by which to determine how severely the
people might be taxed, except by comparing
the amount of their incomes, the amount of
their wealth, with the amount they were re-
quired to pay. There are other duties which in
a state of society, at least in a state of civilized
society, devolve upon a man besides the obli-
gation of paying taxes. He owes some duties
to himself, he is under some obligation to sup-
port his family, and to make them comfort-
able, at least to place them above want.
Whenever the burden imposed by Govern-
ment interferes with the discharge of these
duties they become oppressive, and ought to
be abolished. When Governments refuse to
recognize these paramount duties, revolution
generally succeeds in impressing the truth that
these obligations of the citizen must be recog-
nized. Under the present system of raising
revenue, the rule that man's first care should be
for himself and bis family has been reversed.
He is now first taxed upon everything neces-
sary for his comfort and support; upon every-
thing necessary to keep the souls and bodies
of himself and family together; and if anything
he have left after paying his tribute to the sup-
port of the •' best Government the world ever
saw," he may live, his family may live ; if not,
he has that last resort of over-taxed and over-
burdened people before him, alms furnished
by cold hearts and unwilling hands, or that
still more chilling benefaction, the poor rates,
to look to for support. But it is not the system
I intend to discuss; it is this bill of the com-
mittee now under consideration in this House.
Fine-spun theories of what might, under cer-
tain circumstances, result from assumed prem-
ises are well enough; but these theories never
relieved my people from the payment of a dol-
lar of taxes, or released them from the pay-
ment of a single cent that was assessed against
them on the price of a yard of calico, a yard
of cloth, or a pound of iron.
I said I desired the attention of gentlemen
to a few facts. If the recommendations of
the Secretary of the Treasury are worthy of
comment or attention then this bill is a fraud
and a cheat. He says that the duties on im-
ports may be largely reduced, the revenue
system almost abandoned, and that the Gov-
ernment will yet receive revenue sufficient for
all the needs of the Government. What is
meant by a large reduction of revenues?
I supposed by this was meant that the reve-
nue might be reduced to the extent of the
excess now collected, above what was neces-
sary to meet the wants of the Government.
And what are these wants for which provision
is made and for which revenue is needed ? Iu
the report of the Secretary of the Treasury
they are classified under the several heads of
war, navy, Indian, pension, miscellaneous,
and interest on the public debt?
Now, the total amount of the expenditures
of the Government for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1871, were $292,177,188 25. Of
this amount the War Department expended
$44,080,084 95; the Navy Department, $19,-
431,027 21; the Indian Bureau, $7,42G, 997 44;
for pensions, $34,443,894 88; for civil and
miscellaneous purposes, $69,498,710 97, and
for interest on the public debt, $125,576,-
565 93. For the same period the receipts of
the Government were $383,323,944 89. Of
this sum there was derived from customs,
$206,270,408 05; from the sales of public
lands, $2,388,646 68; from miscellaneous
sources, $31,556,736 53.
It will also be seen on an examination of
the report of the Secretary that this'vast sum
of money which has in a single year been
taken from the pockets of our people and
transferred into the vaults of the Treasury is
the net sum, not the gross sum, which our
people have been compelled to pay. The
Secretary of the Treasury says these sums are
net. What are we to understand this word
net to mean as here used by the Secretary ?
In any other business transaction known
among men it would be understood to mean
tbe amount remaining after all costs and ex-
penses attending its collection had been settled
and paid. It means this here. How much it
has cost our people to collect this money is
one of those things "that we are never to
know." This is a State secret.
It will therefore be seen on an examination
of the foregoingstatements that the net receipts
of the Government have been largely in ex-
cess of expenditures ; for the end of the last
fiscal year finds unemployed and unused in
the vaults of the Treasury the enormous sum
of $138,019,122 15. Of the policy adopted
by this Administration, of hoarding enormous
sums of money, I will not now speak; but if
the individual miser has through all time been
an object of pity, of reproach, and of con-
tempt, what language of execration were too
strong to be applied to a Government that
taxed its people beyond the limits of endur-
ance, that its coffers might be filled with idle,
unused, and hence worthless gold. But let
us return to a consideration of the bill. The
Secretary says there may and ought to be a
large reduction in the amount of revenue col-
lected. He recommends that this reduction
amount to $50,000,000. The committee have,
however, thought $30,000,000 to be enough.
In th6 estimates made by the Secretary for
the ensuing year, the amount necessary to be
raised from all sources of revenue for tbe pur-
poses of defraying the expenses of the Govern-
ment is fixed at $293,403,382 92, while the
amount received from all sources for the last
fiscal year is stated to be $383,323,944 89; or
$89,920,561 97 more than is necessary for any
use the Government has for it. But, at the
same time, he estimates the amount which
will probably be collected from customs during
the present year at $212,000,000, which would
leave to be raised from the sales of the public
lands and miscellaneous sources the sum of
$81,403,882 92. Now, if the amount, which
will probably be the case, collected from the
sale of the public lands and from miscel-
laneous sources should equal the amount col-
lected from these sources last year, being
$33,954,383 21, then there would yet be re-
quired to be collected from internal revenue
the sum of $47,448,999 60. If, however,
there be added to this sum $30,000,000 to be
applied to the reduction of the public debt,
(for I have included in the foregoing state-
ment the $20,000,000 set apart to be applied
to the sinking fund,) which is the amount
recommended by the Secretary should be col-
lected for this purpose, then there would be
required to be raised from internal revenue
the sum of $77,448,999 60. But the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and this bill in pursu-
ance of his recommendations, proposes to
levy and collect through stamp duties and
a tax upon whisky and tobacco the sum of
$110,000,000, or $32,551,000 40 more than is
required for any purpose or use the Govern-
ment has for it. But enough has been said
upon this branch of the subject; more indeed
than I ought to have said when time is limited
and so much remains to be said as to the
tariff part of the committee's recommenda-
tions.
And how stands the account here ? Have
such reductions been made as the country has
had a right to expect would, be made? I have
not had the time to examine in detail every
item included in the bill since it was placed
upon our files ; but from the examination I
have been able to give to it I find it to be a
kind of patchwork, dealing with a few items
only, and leaving the long list contained in
former acts regulating duties untouched.
A free list has been appended which really
