3140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
Mr. NYE. The answer to that is, in a word,
that these persons who are carrying the mail
now, if they knew that they were to be con-
tracted with, would have llieir ships all ready ;
but to require them to go and make an outlay
of two or three millions dollars for ships and
then allow some chpap line to come m and
run them off would be a wrong toward them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This amend-
ment will make the whole proposition sym-
metrical. It will make it so that the Post-
master General is to give out the contract to
the lowest bidder, and it gives no one any par-
ticular advantage, because there will be time
for the construction of the additional vessels.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICEK. The ques-
tion is 011 the amendment to the amendment,
offered by the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask the Senate
whether there is not great force in what the
Senator from Nevada has last said, that if you
open this to competition there is danger of
getting your work done cheaply. You may
encourage a cheap line, while the object must
be certainly to encourage a high-priced line.
Mr. NYE. The Senator from Nevada said
no such thing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Be good enough to wait
a moment. I am quoting the remark of the
Senator from Nevada, that if you adopt this
amendment you are likely to have some cheap
line come in and underbid this line, which I
suppose is not cheap.
Mr. NYE. What I mean by that is worth-
less ships.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then the only way to
get a good ship is to take the man who now
has his hand on your throat, and confess that
whatever you are to do you are to do for him.
I must say that that meets with my respectful
admiration. Inasmuch as the whole object
of this performance is to increase the profits
of these lines already established, and inas-
much as everybody seems to agree that what-
ever we are to do in the way of opening com-
petition is a mere cover that will amount to
nothing—it, is only putting a little thin vail
over the nakedness of the monstrosity—why
not do it fair and square as the Senator from
Nevada's argument tends to show, and say at
once that whoever has a line now shall take
all the money out of the Treasury that is left
and have done with it? That is the true way.
llien if the people complain of us for spend-
ing their money wa&telully, they will at least
give us credit for being honest in telling them
plainly that we are plundering them. That is
the best way ; so that if we are guilty of a little
dereliction of duty in taking their money out
of their pockets for these objects, we shall at
least have the corresponding benefit, the miti-
gation in their judgment of saying that we
havedone it plainly and squarely, so that there
is no disguise about it.
Senators are right who say that this notion
about advertising is perfectly useless, except
perhaps as against the China line, which is
now a corporation with immense capital and !
immense profits that may bid against this very
line. I he Japan and China line mav bid for
this very service and take some of its dis-
carded ships or buy some others, which is
easy enough to do, and put them on this line,
and by and by we shall have an enormous
monopoly in the Pacific confined to one line,
the Pacific mail, that has driven off from that
ocean every other enterprise of American
citizens and everybody else. Is that the atti-
tude the Government wishes to occupy? It is
not the attitude my constituents wish to oc-
cupy. I am quite safe in saying that.
Mr. MORTON. As I said yesterday, I have
not voted, and I shall not vote for any subsidy.
But if subsidies are to be given, let them be
given to the best advantage. The amendment
now offered will have this effect, that the
Pacific mail, having a subsidy already of a
million, can come in and underbid this new
line and swallow up both subsidies. Perhaps
if that fact were clearly established, it might
pass.
Mr. CHANDLER. My friend will allow
me to correct him on one point. The Pacific
mail and this line are identical. They are sub-
stantially and precisely the same concern. It
is not likely there will be any competition
between them.
Mr. MORTON. If that fact is understood,
I think it will pass.
Mr. NYE. Let me say to the honorable
Senator from Michigan that that is nor. so.
They have no joint interest at all ; but, on the
contrary, are as diametrically opposed as he
and I are on this bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. Do not the same par-
ties in interest own them both ?
Mr. NYE. No, sir; not one dollar's worth
of interest has Webb got in the Pacific mail,
and not one dollar's worth of interest has the
Pacific mail got in Webb's line.
Mr. CHANDLER. He was formerly a
large owner.
Mr. NYE. He never was in the world. I
understand what I am talking about, but the
Senator from Michigan does not. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I have but a few
words to say. I think the effect of this amend-
ment will be as stated by the Senator from
Indiana. Suppose the lines are distinct. You
have given, or propose to give, a heavy sub-
sidy to one line, and I ask how any other line
can compete with that which is su-'ained by
the Treasury of this Government? It can
transfer its ships fiorn one line to another,
and it will increase and extend just so long aa
you put a subsidy into its hands. The very
principle which you  dopt by giving a subsidy
is a principle against competition, which is
the life and health of business.
I do not suppose that anything I can say
will have any esptcial influence ; and yet I am
surprised at some statements which have been
made here in urging a subsidy for this line,
and one has been the same which has been
urged in regard to the China line. You must
vote this subsidy and establish the line
now. Why? If you do no1, some other Gov-
ernment and some other people will. I would
not be in haste if all the Governments on earth
should establish lines between San Praticisco
and Australia. I would be in no haste because
there will still be other lines open as valuable
and as important to the Government as that.
There is no line yet established between the
Island of St Helena and Philadelphia. Why
not? There is no commerce, there can be no
commerce there ; and that door will be open a
longtime; and you might just as well plead
for a subsidy to sustain a line between those
two pointsas between California and Australia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I understood
that the Senator from California accepted the
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I certainly did say so.
That is my position about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
did not so understand. The Chair is now
informed that the amendment to the amend-
ment is accepted, and the question, therefore,
is on the amendment of the Senator from
California.
Mr. CASSERLY. As the condition of the
amendment may not be understood, I hope it
will be read as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be reported as modified.
The Chief Clerk read a^ follows :
And the Postmaster General is hereby authorized
and directed to contract, with the parties owning
and representing the United States, New Zealand,
and Australian mail steamship line, or with any
party or parties, Ut they shall be the lowest bidders
after sixty days'public notice.) other than those
embraced within this act, and who are able to per-
forin the service, to extend the service now existing
for the transportation of the mails on and after
October 1, 1873, between San Francisco and the Sand-
wich Islands to New Zealand and Australia for the
period of ten years from the commencement of the
extended service, at an additional C'>mpensation not
exceeding $42o,0UU per annum: Provided, That the
entire service between San Francisco and New
Zealand and Australia shall consist of thirteen
round tripsin each year, to be performed in first-
class American-built steamships of n"t less than two
thousand tons resistor burden, which shall be so
constructed as to be readily adapted to the armed
naval service of the United States in case of war •
and before acceptance the officers by whom they are
inspected shall report to tho Secretary of the Navy
and the Postmaster General whether this condition
has been complied with; and shall be officered by
citizens of the United States, or persons who have
declared their intention to become citizens. And a
sufficient sum of money is hereby appropriated out
ot any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to pay for the extended service that may be
performed under such extension prior to July 1,1873.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest
that the words of my first amendment should
be inserted before the words '' and who are
able to perform the service." I will inquire
whether the last amendment was inserted, "on
the 1st of October, 1873.''
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That was
understood to be accepted, and the amend-
ment was so amended.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask the
Senator from California what is the effective
scope of the words in this amendment, speak-
ing of "American citizens, or or those who
have declared their intention to become such."
Any person who comes to this country may,
under certain very small limitations indeed,
declare his intention to become a citizen.
That does not bind him ever to become a citi-
zen, or enable him to do so either, and he
may continue to be, if you please, a British
oraFrench subject, or the subjectof any other
foreign Power, and for the purpose of taking
this contract may declare this intention, which
will not bind him to anything whatever, and
enables him still to hold bis allegiance to the
foreign Power; and when the time, if there
is any time, as I believe there is not, runs out
when this declaration will have exhausted
itself, all he would have to do would be to
declare again ; so that with those words in, as
it appears to me at the moment, it would really
amount to allowing any foreigner to take this
contract upon a condition which would not
injure him in the least, and which would still
enable him to continue to be the subject of a
foreign Power.
Mr. CASSERLY. That clause refers only
to the officers of the ships. If it refer to any-
thing else it is a mistake. I ask the Secre-
tary to read that part of the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do you mean to allow
the ships to be officered by foreigners when
the law is that the officers of our ships must
be American citizens?
Mr. CASSERLY. That subject was dis-
cussed, and this is precisely, or is meant to
be precisely, the same provision on that sub-
ject that was adopted in regard to the China
mail and the Brazil mail.
Mr. SHERMAN. The language is a little
different, I would suggest to the Senator from
California.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then it ought to be
corrected.
Mr. SHERMAN. The declaration of in-
tention should be under the naturalization
law. It mpans something more than the Sen-
ator from Vermont said.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What more?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is a declaration of his
purpose to renounce his allegiance to the for-
eign country within the period prescribed by
the naturalization laws.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Suppose he does not
renounce it, does not carry out his purpose,
what then ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Then he stands exactly
like Martin Koszta, entitled to the protection
of the Government of the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Even if he does not
carry out his purpose?
Mr. SHERMAN. He may as a matter of
course evade that intention, but this is tht
