1348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Mr. PRATT. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is weil known
to the Senate and to the country that the Sen-
ator from Indiana has been engaged elsewhere
in arduous duties, and has come back lo us
under such circumstances that I think it is
due to him he should have this opportunity.
Mr. CONKLING. I concur entirely with
the Senator from Maine, and I would not put
anything in the way of the honorable [Senator
from Indiana. I avail myself, however, of
the occasion to say that there is on the table a
resolution, which I think ought to take but a
moment, which has been twice brought up in
the morning hour, Senators knowing that it
fell at one o'clock, and it lias been talked to
the end of each morning hour. Although I
shall not interpose it now, I hope tue Senate
will indulge me in a moruiug hour very soon
in taking up that resolution, that we may have
a vote upon it and upon any 'Amendments
which may bo offered to it; but I repeat, I will
not interpose now,
Mr. COLE. One word only. 1 am aware
of the fact that the Senator from Indiana has
been away during nearly,all the session; and
if the appeal is made ou that ground, I cannot
resist it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
withdrawn. The Chair understands that the
Senator from Indiana has unanimous consent
but now lie yields to the morning business.
The presentation of petitions and memorials
is still in order.
Mr. CAMERON presented a memorial of
the National Hoard ot Trade, praying Con-
gress to provide by law for the appointment
of a commission lo meet commissioners from
and in behalf of the .Dominion of Canada,
should a like commission be appointed by and
in behalf of the Dominion Government, to
negotiate a treaty between the United Slates
and Great Britain for commercial relations
between the former and the Dominion ot'
Canada upon such broad and comprehensive
principles as may be mutually agreed upon;
which was referred to the Committee on tho
Judiciary.
Mr. HARLAN preseuted the petition of L.
F. Ellsworth and others, citizens of Iowa,
praying for the establishment of a post, route
between Union Mills and Hopewell, in that,
State; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post itoads.
He also preseuted a petition of citizens of
Dubuque, Iowa, dealers in tea and cotfee,
praying that if the law abolishing or reducing
duties on tea and coffee shall pass, at least six
months' time be granted belore the same shall
take effect, so that all may be prepared alike
to meet, the change ; which was referred to the
Committee oil Financo.
lie also presented a petition of citizens of
Burlington, Iowa, dealers in tea and coffee,
praying that if the law abolishing or reducing
duties on tea and coffee shall pass, at least six
months' time be granted before the same shall
take effect, so that all may be prepared alike
to meet the change; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. CASSERLY. I present a memorial
from San Francisco of the same general char-
acter with many others that have already been
presented here. It urges upon Congress very
earnestly a thorough reform of existing laws
in regard to appointments and removals in the
public service; next, as to the salaries, per-
quisites, and moieties of public officers ; third,
as to the seizure of private books and papers.
As some intimations have been made here
as to the mode by which signatures have been
obtained to similar petitions, I desire to say
for this one a few words. I know personally
more than a majority of the signers. They
include the leading bankers, business men,
and citizens generally of San Francisco, I
am quite confident from what I know of them
that they have signed this memorial upon its
merits, independent of any solicitation or
undue pressure whatever.^ I ask that it have
the same reference as similar petitions.
The YICE PRESIDENT. They have been
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and this memorial will be referred to that
committee.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. WTNDOM, it was
Ordered, That Daniel Woodbury have leave to
withdraw his petition and papers from the files of
the Senate.
WARREN NATIONAL BANK.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am direct-
ed by the Committee on Finance to report
back the bill (H. R. No. 1663) authorizing the
Warren NationalBank of South Danvers, in the
State of Massachusetts, to change its name to
the Warren NationalBank of Peabody, Massa-
chusetts, and as there is 110 such town now as
South Adams, I presume there will be no objec-
tion to passing the bill, as it will not take
half a minute.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee*of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
RILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. PRATT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduces! bill (S. No.
743) granting a pension to Celia Tweed, widow
of Thomas Tweed ; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. PRATT. In connection with the intro-
duction of that bill I wish to obtain an order
of the Senate to withdraw the petition and
papers 011 file in the Secretary's office of Celia
Tweed, for the pnrposp of having them referred
to the Committee 011 Pensions. In 1870. I, as
a sub-committee of the Committee 011 Pensions,
made a report adverse to this claim. The re-
port was grounded ou the belief of the com-
mittee that Mrs. Tweed was entitled to a pen-
sion, and that under the pension law she could
obtain full iclief at the Pension Office. In
accordance with that recommendation of the
committee referring her to the Commissioner
ot'Pensions, she made her application. I have
before me the letter of General Baker, dated
the lGlh of January in the present year,
slating that the elaun of Celia Tweed for a
pension could not be allowed under section
nine of tho act of July 14, 1864, her husband
not having been killed in action nor having
diod of wounds received in battle. He was a
volunteer with a regular military organization,
went, into a battle with the rebels and was
captured and sent to a rebel prison, and died
from the consequences of ill treatment while
in prison, and the Commissioner decides that
under the law that does not give the widow a
claim to a pension. The committee thought
differently, that she had her remedy under the
existing law. Under those circumstances she
has again filed her petition, and I desire the
withdrawal of her papers that the case may be
reconsidered by the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made.
Mr. KELLY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(8. No. 741) for the relief of William Gr. Lang-
ford; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
ordered to bo printed.
NEW ORLEANS RrVEB FRONTAGE.
Mr. KELLOGG submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Unsolved, That, the Secretary of the Navy be
directed to transmit to the Senate any information
011 file in his Department, or that he may be abte to
obtain, showing what portion, if any, of the wharf or
river frontage at the port of New Orleans is now
claimed 01- occupied by the Uovernmont; and if so,
upon what ground and for wh<it purpose the same is
so claimed or occupied.
BED OF BEAVER LAKE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further Senate resolutions, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumes the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 616) to release to
the State of Indiana the lands known as the
bed of Beaver lake, in Newton county, in
said State, on which the Senator from Indi-
ana had unanimous consent to address the
Senate. Does the Senator desire the bill to
be reported ?
Mr. PRATT. Yes, sir; I ask that it may
be reported.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as follows:
Beitenacted, &c., That the lands in Newton county,
in the State of Indiana, known as tho bed of Beaver
lake, be, and the same are hereby, released and
quitclaimed to the State of Indiana.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, the bill under
consideration is one of local importance. It
proposes, in the briefest possible words, to
release to the State of Indiana whatever title
the United States have in the lands known as
the bed of Beaver lake. But principles are
involved which make the bill one of general
importance. It raises the question where the
proprietary interest and municipal jurisdiction
reside in the ease of the beds of our lakes and
rivers in the five northwestern States, where
their shores have been meandered in the pub-
lic surveys and the lands on their banks and
margins have been sold. What rights have
the riparian proprietors acquired? Are those
rights limited by the lines run and the stakes
set by the Government surveyors on the banks,
or have they acquired the right to the soil
underwater to the middle of the lake or river?
And if they have not, and the United States
have sold all their surveyed and platted lands
in a given State, does the General Government
still continue to own the beds of the rivers and
lakes, or has the proprietary interest as well
as the municipal jurisdiction over them vested
in the State ? The very statement of the ques-
tion shows its importance. While it has often
occupied the attention of the courts, Congress
has so far, I believe, given no expression of
opinion.
Nor, sir, will its action in this particular
case in the passage of this bill set an incon-
venient precedent. There are peculiar equities
in this case which make it imperative, what-
ever the abstract rights of the United States
may be, that the cession of the bed of the
lake should be made to the State. Beaver
lake was never navigable in any commercial
sense. It was a shallow pond of water, re-
mote from public thoroughfares, surrounded
by marshy lands, a resort and refuge in early
times for horse-thieves and counterfeiters,
valuable only for its fish. The large body of
land surrounding it was taken up by the
State under the swamp-land grant, and the
drainage of the lake has been accomplished
by the State and individuals without cost to
the Government, and without objection from
any officer authorized to speak for the United
States.
For years past the Commissioner of the
General Land Office in his annual reports to
Congress has informed the country that less
than two thousand acres of the public lands
remain undisposed of in the State of Indiana.
If it be true that having disposed of the pub-
lie lands in the State, the United States still
own the beds of our lakes and rivers, it may
well be asked why should this barren pro-
prietorship continue, since no laws exist for
the protection of these rights or the punish-
ment of trespassers, and since no possible
benefit can flow from retaining the mere naked
claim, the very assertion of which would be
so offensive to the State's sovereignty? Why
not, by general law release them to the several
States, which may protect them for the general
good, or if thought best, parcel them out to
the riparian pioprietors, and thus put an end
to a long-standing controversy?
I but suggest the question, It is not necea-
