40B6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
may refer to it other matters if it sees fit; and
the reference of other matters gives it jurisdic-
tion of those matters. For instance, a judicial
question can be referred by the Senate to the
Committee on Enrolled Bills if they see fit so
to do, and the reference of that matter by the
Senate to the Committee on Enrolled Bills
would give it jurisdiction of that particular
matter, on which it would have, therefore, a
right to report. The Chair therefore holds,
according to the statement made by the Sen-
ator, though he does not know what that bill
is, that if it was referred to the committee by
the Senate, the committee certainly had the
right to report it back.
Mr. BAYARD. Allow me to ask another
question. By the joint rules of the House and
Senate, I find that where there is a standing
committee and a special committee, the ques-
tion of reference is to be decided first in respect
to a standing committee?
. The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the rule:
where there is a conflict between a standing
committee and a select committee as to a
reference, the Chair must first put the ques-
tion on reference to the standing committee;
but if no motion is made to refer to a standing
committee, then the question is put onl^on the
pending motion, to refer t,o a select joint com-
mittee, or a select committee of either House.
Mr. BAYARD. I make the point.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not kuow that the point was made.at the time
the bill was introduced. If so, the question
would have been first put on referring it to the
standing committee, and if that was put, and
the Senate refused to refer it to a standing
committee, and then refer it to a select com-
mittee, it would bean evidence of their determ-
ination to send to a select committee.
Mr. BAYARD. Allow me to say that the
bill was introduced in the midst of business
of the Senate, in the absence from the Senate
Chamber of men.berg of the select committee,
introduced as a matter of surprise, and referred,
being a matter of general legislation, to a
committee created for a select and special
purpose. Therefore the opportunity was not
given to me and to other members of that
committee to object to so irregular a reference
or to ask that the question might be raised of
referring the maiter to the appropriate stand-
ing committee instead of smuggling it into
the select committee, who, I think, have no
jurisdiction over the subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Delaware, without
commenting on the question of smuggling,
that when the Senate refer a bill there are two
ways open always to every Senator for the
purpose of correcting any mistake that may
have been made in the hurry of business.
The first is, that the Secretary reads publicly
the title of every bill, and the Chair puts, in
as loud a tone as he is capable of, the ques-
tion of reference to the particular committee
named; and it is a presumption, though per-
haps a violent one, that every Senator is lis-
tening to the Chair and the Secretary when the
public business is going on; but failing in that,
it is supposed that every Senator hears the
Journal read the next morning, and either
that day or the next day he can move to
reconsider any question of reference if he
obtains the floor when there is no other ques-
tion pending.
Mr. BAYARD. I should have moved that,
but the committee proceeded to act upon it
instantly, and returned it with instructions to
the chairman to report it yesterday. There was
no time possible for reconsideration. There
was no such measure pending, or intended to
be referred, or that had been referred, or that
was to be reported, so far as I knew, till the
committee met.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is the first
reading of the bill. The Chair understands
the Senator from Delaware to object to its
second reading.
" Mr. SCOTT. I desire simply to make a
very brief statement.
Mr. BAYARD. I object to the second
reading.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the statement of the Senator from
Pennsylvania?
Mr. SCOTT. I shall make it very brief. I
have reported two bills, one of which was
introduced in the Senate by the Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Kellogg] and referred to this
committee. I was not in the Senate when it
was introduced, and as the remark.of the Sen-
ator from Delaware might be construed into a
reflection on the action of the committee as
having been taken with special reference to
that, I desire to state that a meeting of the
committee was called at the instance of the
members of the House who are members of
the joint select committee, without any refer-
ence whatever to this bill, and with more espe-
cial reference to the other bill which I was
directed to report; and when the committee
met this bill was found on our table as referred
to us, and having been referred there, we
thought it our duty to act upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill has
gone on the Calendar.
Mr. POOL. I wish to make a statement in
regard to this matter. The subject-matter of
the bill relates to elections. The point raised
by the Senator from Delaware is that that is
not germane to the purpose for whieh the
committee was originally raised. Now, this
is the statement I wish to make 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from North Carolina desires to make a state-
ment. Is there objection ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope it will be brief.
Mr. POOL. Under the terms of the reso-
lution raising that joint committee I do not
believe election matters were legitimately'be-
fore them; but at the instance of the Senator
from Delaware and his friends on the commit-
tee they insisted upon going into an investiga-
tion of those matters, and as the committee
has reported upon them, at their instance, I
think anything relating to that subject is a
proper matter to refer to the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill has
gone on the Calendar.
Mr. LOGAN. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred ihe amendment
of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 757) to authorize the appointment of
certain officers in the quartermaster's depart-
ment, have instructed me to report it back, and
to ask that the Senate concur in the amend-
ment of the House. I ask for its present
consideration.
The amendment of the House of Represent-
atives was read, being to strike out all after
the enacting clause and in lieu thereof insert:
That the President be, and hereby is, authorized to
nominate, and, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, to appoint certain officers of the quar-
termaster's department to the grade they would have
held in said department, respectively, had the vacan-
cies created therein by the act of July 28,1866, from
the rank of major to the rank of colonel, both in-
elusive, been filled by promotion by seniority : Pro-
vided, That no officer shall be deprived of his rela-
tive rank or reduced from his present grade by this
act, and thatthe officers whose appointments are
herein authorized shall take rank and receive pay
only from the date of their confirmation.
Mr. NYE. 1 should like to look at that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie ever.
Mr. POOL, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of Fannie A. Thompson, submitted a
report accompanied by a bill (S. No. 1177) for
the relief of Fannie A. Thompson, surviving
heir and legal representative of William
Thompson, deceased, formerly a brigadier
general in the Army of the revolutionary war.
The_ report was ordered to be printed ; and
the bill was read, and passed to a second
reading.
• Mr. BOREMAN, from the select Commit-
tee on the Removal of Political Disabilities, ,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 142) to
relieve Charles J. Faulkner, of West Virginia,
from the legal and political disabilities imposed
by the fourteenth amendment of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask unanimous consent
to take up House bill No. 2883.
The VICE PRESIDENT. ' The Senator
from Vermont has objected to unanimous
consent.-
Mr. SAWYER. I appeal to the Senator
from Vermont to withdraw his objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Icannotheipit. Ishall
object to everything from this time forth until
I can get up from the Calendar bills reported
from the Committee on Pensions, which have
been objected to, and now they can only get
their chance by insisting on their rights, as I
will.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
2941) for the relief of Frederick Pech, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration,
and' that it be referred to the Committee on
Agriculture; which was agreed to.
bills introduced.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1178) to enable honorably discharged sol-
diers and sailors, their widows and orphan
children, to acquire homesteads on the public
lauds of the United States; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No 1179)
to make San Diego, in the State of California,
a port of entry; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1180) for the relief of Lieutenant W. F. Gar-
den ; which was read' twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. VICKERS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to - introduce a bill
(S. No. 1181) approving the building of the
Washington and East Alexandria railroad ;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair a joint
resolution proposing an amendment to the
Constitution. I wish to have it read by its
title and printed.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 7) propos-
ing an amendment to the Constitution provid-
ing for the election of President by a direct
vote of the people,, and abolishing the office
of Vice President, was read twice by its title,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER. Let it go on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint
resolution will be placed on the Calender.
OEN8DS COMPENDIUM.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
resolution ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House concurring,)
That til ere be printed two hundred and fifty thousand
copies of the compendium of the census of 1870, of
whieh seventy-five thousand copies shnlibet'or the
use of the Senate, one hundred and fifty thousand
tor the use of the House of Representatives, and
twenty-five thousand for the use of the Secretary
of the Interior.
official reporters.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer a resolution. I
had intended to offer it as an amendment
to the bill for the prevention of cruelty to
animals; but that bill is not likely to come up,
I fear:
. Resolved, That the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of providing more suitable accommoda-
tions for the official reporters of the Senate than
those now provided for them.
The resolution was agreed to.
