452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
body below the rank of captain to whom this
privilege does not now extend.
Mr. BLAIR. My impression is that there
is no one below the rank of captain to whom
the privilege does not now extend; that every
officer of the grade of captain and below that
grade is entitled to the benefits of the act. That
is my impression.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I suggest to the
honorable Senator that in lines six, seven, and
eight these words should be stricken from the
bill: "major generals, brigadier generals, col-
onels, lieutenant colonels, majors;" so that
the bill would read: "shall be extended to all
officers, soldiers, seamen, and marines dis-
abled in the military or naval service of the
United States."
Mr. BLAIR. I have no objection to that
amendment; but T cannot accept it, I suppose,
as the bill is reported by a committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
New York moves to amend the bill as lie has
stated.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to amend ilpon
the theory that that is what the bill designs
to do. I am not advised about this. I sub-
mit it to the honorable Senator from Missouri.
If the design of the bill is to extend to all men
alike without distinction of rank in the Army
or Navy this benefit, then certainly these
words are surplusage. They provoke the idea
that a distinction is attempted to be made;
and if no distinction is to be made, then they
should be taken from the bill.
Mr. BLAIli. No distinction is intended to
be made. I have already given to the Senator
from New York my impression that the law in
existence now applies to all others; and this
bill is simply to provide for those who are not
already provided for ; but I am very happy to
have the assistance of the Senator from New
York in improving the language of the bill,
and I accept without hesitation his suggestion.
_ Mr. CONKLING. Th en, upon the assump-
tion that, the bill is to be thus modified, I un-
derstand now tho bill to stand upon this ground:
that no man in tho Navy and no man in the
Army receivespay and pensions so large as to
be able to provide himself with this particular
necessity. That is the argument, I take it.
Mr. BLAIR. 1 have not made that argu-
ment.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not see any other
on which the bill could stand. I am not going
to interpose against any report made by the
Military Committee which looks like conferring
benefits upon men who have exposed their lives
and lost their limbs in the service of the coun-
try—very far from it; but when we are appro-
priating money from the Treasury I think we
ought to understand upon what grounds we
are doing it, and the efiect of the legislation.
Now, 1 understand the bill, if the amend-
ment suggested shall prevail, to mean this—
and with this single statement I leave it—I
understand it to mean that in addition to all
the bounties, all the pay, all the pensions now
provided by law, every man in the Army from
the General down, and every man in the Navy
from the Admiral down, if he has lost a limb,
is to be provided with an artificial limb ; or if
he does not want to be so provided by the
Government, as will be the truth in a great
majority of instances, a certain sum of money
as commutation or bounty is to bo added to
what he has heretofore received. I think there
can be no doubt that that is the effect of the
bill; and all that I wish to do is to understand
it myself and bring it to the knowledge of the
Senate, in order that we may know what we
are about to adopt.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the amendment will be regarded as
agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR. I am very glad that the Sen-
ator from New ork has stated so clearly what
the bill amounts to. It is to apply to every
man who has served the country, and who is
not already provided for by law, and who has
lost an arm or a leg in the service of his coun-
try, and to provide that the country shall
recompense him to some extent by making as
good a substitute as possible by furnishing him
an artificial limb. That is the fact about it,
and I am very glad that the Senator has stated
it so explicitly to the Senate. I do not know
but that he stated it in a manner calculated to
impress the Senate with the enormous expense
that the Government is about to incur in this
matter, in the hope probably of breaking down
the bill. I do not know that I understand him
exactly as urging these facts in the sense I
have indicated, but with a full knowledge that
it does provide for every person who served in
the Army or Navy, and had the misfortune
to lose one of his limbs, a substitute at the
expense of the Government. I hope that there
will be found no one in the Senate to object to
the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, in order
not to break down the bill, and not to dwell
upon the great expense involved in it, but to
insure men below the rank of captain the
same right which is now to be conferred upon
major generals, I move the amendment which
I suggested, to strike out all the restraining
words, so that the bill will extend this privi-
lege to all men alike, regardless of rank, in the
Army and Navy.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amend-
ment has been regarded as agreed to, there
being no objection.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to hearthe
bill read as it stands amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill -will
have its third reading in full.
The bill was read a third time, at length, as
follows:
Be it enucted, (£■<;.. That the benefits of the act
approved June 30, 1870, entitled " An act supple-
mentary to an act to provide for furnishing artificial
limbs to disabled soldiers," shall be extended to all
officers, soldiers, seamen, and marines disabled in
the military or naval service of the United States,
as fully as the same are provided for in the acts
approved July 16, 1862, July 28,1863, and July 27,
1868, in so far as tho said acts relate to artificial
limbs, and to transportation for procuring said
limbs.
Sec. 2. That all acts and parts of acts inconsistent
with this act are hereby repealed.
Sec. 3. That this act shall take effect and be in
force from and after its passage.
The bill was passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Isaac Strohm, one of its clerks,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills ; in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate : •
A bill (H. R. No. 115) granting a pension to
Nancy Ann Spurgeon, widow of Josiah Spur-
geon, of Lewis county, Missouri;
A bill (H. R. No. 712) granting a pension to
William H. Bridges;
A bill (H. R. No. 1065) granting a pension
to Martha A. Jones ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1066) granting a pension
to Mary Wade, mother of Jennie Wade; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1067) granting a pension
to Ann G. Barker, widow of Thomas Barker.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 495) granting a pension to Mrs. Charlotte
Barnaby; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Pensions, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WEST asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 496)
to authorize the sale of public property at
Shreveport, Louisiana; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HITCHCOCK asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 497) to constitute Nebraska City, in the
State of Nebraska, a port of delivery; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 498)
amendatory of the homestead law ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
499) to allow women to vote and hold office in
the Territories of the United States; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 600)
granting two million acres of public lands to
the District of Columbia for educational pur-
poses ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. MOERILL, of Maine, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 501) for the relief of James
Murphy; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 502) to perfect navigation on the Missis-
sippi river; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 60S) for the relief of Joseph L. Hall;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Patents, and ordered to be
printed.
CONDUCT OF PRESIDENT GRANT.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Mr. President,
I rise to say to the Senate that on to-morrow,
or some short and fit day, I will ask the court-
esy of the body to allow me to call up a, reso-
lution which I offered some days ago, in order
to make some remarks upon it. The Senate
will recollect how that resolution was de-
nounced at the time it was presented. Those
words of denunciation 1 did not hear, or I
should have taken the opportunity to reply at
once. I hope, under the circumstances, the
Senate will do me the courtesy to allow me to
Lave that resolution called up soon, and also
permission to make some remarks upon it.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were read twice by their titles,
and referred to the Committee on Pensions:
A bill (H. R. No. 115) granting a pension
to Nancy Ann Spurgeon, widow of Josiah
Spurgeon, of Lewis county, Missouri;
A bill (H. R. No. 712) granting a pension
to William H. Bridges;
A bill (H. R. No. 1065) granting a pension
to Martha A. Jones ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1066) granting a pension
to Mary Wade, mother of Jennie Wade; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1067) granting a pension
to Ann S. Barker, widow of Thomas Barker.
POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 380) for the removal of legal
and political disabilities imposed by the third
section of the fourteenth article of amendments
to the Constitution of the United States, the
pending question being on the amendment of
Mr. Sumner, to add certain sections, known as
the supplementary civil rights bill.
Mr. SUMNER. It is understood that the
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpenter] de-
sires to address the Senate to-day on another
question. I would ask, therefore, that this bill
be passed over informally for that purpose;
