1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1849
sary that I should argue it. There is sufficient
in the evidence before Congress to prove that
whatever may be the abstract rights of the Uni-
ted States in the bed of this_ lake, it should
without delay quiet the State title by the pas-
sage of this bill.
I spoke of the evidence before us. Early
in the session the Senate adopted a resolution
offered by me calling upon the Secretary of
the Interior for all information in his power
to give touching the drainage of the lake, by
whom, at what cost, and under what authority
it had been accomplished; how much land not
included in the public surveys had been re-
claimed ; their value, and by whom occupied,
and by what title or claim of title; and whether
since the drainage of the lake the public sur-
veys had been extended over it, and if not
why not? On the 1st day of February the let-
ter of the Secretary of the Interior, transmit-
ting the report of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office in response to the reso-
lution, was laid before the Senate. It is a
pamphlet of sixty-six pages, and contains all
the information necessary for our intelligent
action. In what I say I shall have frequent
occasion to draw 011 this report for facts.
An unhappy controversy has sprung up over
the reclaimed lands, to which there are three
parties. One claims that as public lands they
are subject to the preemption laws, and an
attempt has been made to enter upon them
and erect houses with a view to creating pre-
emption claims. This has been met by resist-
ance and violence by those in possession or
claiming title. Another party claim title from
the State ; while a third claim as riparian pro-
prietors originally or by derivation.
The first class ignore all rights founded upon
the liparian claim unless they are coupled with
possession in fact and cultivation sufficient to
entitle those in possession to the benefit of the
preemption laws. They ignore also the rights
derived from the State, since, as they claim,
the State's right is founded upon the riparian
theory, she having received title from a ripa-
rian proprietor. They deny that the State, in
her sovereign capacity, has any other than a
mere political jurisdiction over the beds of
the lakes and rivers. In other words, the class
which seeks to preempt claims that the soil of
the lake once covered by water is the property
of the United States, and demands its survey
that they may assert their right to preempt it.
I beg the indulgence of the Senate while I
attempt to discuss the merits of these various
claims. To do this 1 must go back to the
origin of the controversy.
What is known as the swamp land act was
passed by Congress on the 28th of September,
1850. It gave the States the overflowed lands
within their limits which were unfit for culti-
vation and remained unsold at the passage of
the law. These lands were placed at the dis-
posal of the Legislatures of the several States
in which they were situate ; but there was
the condition stamped on the grant that the
proceeds, whether from sale or by direct ap-
propriation in kind, should be applied exclu-
sively, so far as necessary, to the purpose of
reclaiming the lands by means of levees and
drains. Of the sixty million acres which have
been selected and patented to the several
States under this law, the State of Indiana
has received 1,354,732 acres.
On the 29th of May, 1852, the State passed
a law to regulate the slales of these lands and
carry into effect the condition of the grant.
The auditor and treasurer of each county
were made agents to sell them and receive
the purchase-money. They could not be
sold at less than $1 25 per acre, and the
purchase-money was to be paid into the
State treasury in trust, to be expended in
reclaiming the wet lands in the counties
from which the money proceeded. Upon pre-
senting the receipt of the county treasurer,
the purchaser was entitled to a patent from the
State. In every county having swamp lands,
the Governor appointed a swamp-land commis-
sioner. It was his duty to employ an engineer,
whose business was to make surveys and ascer-
tain the best and cheapest methods of reclaim-
ing the lands. When this was done, the com-
missioner and engineer were required to make
a report, how far the lands were capable of
reclamation, the best mode of doing it, and the
estimated expense. After this they were to
let all the work by contract when and as fast
as the sale of the lands warranted it.
As I have said, the moneys paid into the
State treasury were to constitute a special
fund to defray the expenses of reclaiming the
lands, whether by ditching, diking, or other
means, and what was left was to be added to
the principal of the common-school fund. So
confident was the expectation that a large
surplus would remain after satisfying the con-
dition of the grant, that Governor Wright, in
his annual message to the Legislature, pre-
dicted that $1,000,000 would be added to that
fund.
This pleasant hope was destined to be
blasted, for such was the reckless and corrupt
mismanagement of this trust at a period when
the Democratic party was in the control of
the State, that not only was the fund lost, but
the lands were but partially reclaimed. Hon-
estly sold, and the proceeds honestly applied,
every acre of the swamp lands would have
been made dry and productive, and a large
surplus left for the education of the children
of the State ; but instead of this, not one half
of the lands have been reclaimed and the fund
has gone into the hands of dishonest contract-
ors and officials.
Twenty years ago Beaver lake, the subject
of this controversy, covered from fifteen to
sixteen thousand acres of land. Irregular in
shape, its greatest length was about seven
miles, while its greatest width was from four
to five, and it varied in depth from two to teii
feet. It was a clear, smooth sheet of water,
filled with fish, and resorted to by sportsmen.
It had several islands, the most considerable
of which was Bogus Island, containing about
eighty acres. Its name was significant, for
here, according to tradition, bogus money was
made. Nature admirably adapted the spot
for the resort of desperadoes. The country
for miles around was marshy, and here the
lawless were safe from the pursuit of the offi-
cers of the law. To the north about four miles
flowed the sluggish waters of the Kankakee.
All the lands surrounding the lake were selected
by the State under the swamp-land grant, and
were subsequently patented to it. In the survey
of the public lands in northern Indiana, at an
early day, this lake had been meandered. The
surveys extended to its margin, forming frac-
tional sections around it. Neither the bed of
the lake nor the islands in it were surveyed.
It was treated like al! other similar bodies of
water which so abound in the northern part
of the State, and like the beds of our larger
rivers, which were never included in the pub-
lic surveys. Of course the thing was imprac-
ticable.
Well, sir, these lands remained in market
for many years, and yet there was no pur-
chaser. It was not until they had been donated
to the State, and she had undertaken to drain
them, that they attracted attention. Then two
men, Condit and Dunn, proceeded to enter
every fractional section bordering upon the
lake. The aggregate of their purchases was
about two thousand acres. Condit soon sold
his interest to Bright; and Dunn and Bright,
then owning the entire rim of the basin in
which the lake lay, proceeded to develop their
scheme.
As I have shown, the law required that the
money arising from the sale of swamp lands
in a given county should be devoted to their
drainage. Under the influence of these men,
theswamp-landeommissioner who was charged
by the law with the wise expenditure of the
fand, located a ditch from the lake to the Kan-
kakee river, about four or five miles distant.
The fall from the surface of the lake to
the river was twenty-five feet, some say
more. It is not clear that Dunn and Bright
contributed anything to the expense. It is
said the ditch was dug but half the distance,
and a plow opened the remainder of the way;
but so great was the rush of water from the
lake that a channel was soon formed, in places
a hundred feet wide.
It is claimed, and is probably true, that those
owning lands in the vicinity of the lake have,
contributed money from time to time to dig
the ditch and extend it into the bed of the lake.
Other ditches were opened to drain water into
it. The result of this system of improvements,
covering a period of several years, has been to
lay bare and reclaim from thirteen to fourteen
thousand acres of land once covered bv the
lake, some of which is a mere bed of sand, but
a great part of it, probably ten thousand acres,
fit for cultivation, and worth from five to ten
dollars per acre. Prom one to two thousand
acres remain undrained.
These are the facts, as I gather them mainly
from the evidence before the Senate.
Now, the purpose of Dunn and Bright in
thus concentrating in their hands all the lands
bordering on the lake becomes plain. Their
theory was that as riparian proprietors their
patents carried their title to the center of the
lake, so as to include its bed and islands.
Accordingly, as the waters receded, they pro-
ceeded to survey all the bed laid bare, and
made a plat of the entire body, including
the fractional lots bought of the State, rep-
resenting on their map the lines of the Gov-
ernment surveys as extending through the
lake north and south, east and west. They
divided the whole into forty-acre lots, number-
ing them from one to four hundred and twenty-
seven, inclusive, and divided them between
themselves, Dunn taking the odd and Bright
the even numbers. The portion which fell to
Dunn amounted to seventy-eight hundred and
eighty-eight acres.
In 1856 a judgment was rendered in favor
of the Ohio Life Insurance and Trust Com-
pany against Dunn, Bright, Allen May, and
Governor Willard. On this judgment the
lands of Dunn were levied upon and sold, and
were conveyed by some arrangement to Aquilla
Jones, the State treasurer, with a view of
satisfying in whole or in part the indebtedness
of Dunn to the State. Jones transferred his
title to the State, and the Legislature ratified
the transaction ; for in 1865 it passed an act
for the sale of the lands and to give protection
to actual settlers thereon. By this process the
State became substituted as to the title which
Dunn possessed in the margin and bed of the
lake. As to that part which bordered upon
the lake, and which the State sold him, of
course no question could arise, but as to his
constructive right to the land formerly under
water, of course the State inherited his infirm-
ity of title, if infirmity there were.
Under the law I have spoken of, the officers
of the State have sold all the lands which fell
to Dunn in his division with Bright, and real-
ized from them $8,500. I count up in the
pamphlet before me one hundred and thirty-
five patents which the State has made of these
lands to purchasers, and this does not exhaust
the number of the sales made. The men who
have bought these lands have paid for them,
and in many cases taken possession and made
valuable improvements. What the extent
and value of these improvements are I do not
know.
I send to the Clerk's desk the affidavit of
Adam W. Shidler, and ask that it may be
read. It is part of the evidence transmitted
by the Secretary of the Interior.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
State of Indiana, Neiston emnty, ss „•
Adam W. Shidler, b tog duly sworn, deposes a«d
says that he is a practical surveyoi- and civil engin-
eer ; that he has acted in the capacity of county
surveyor and deputy surveyor of this county from
