2246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
to have been too far removed from the influ-
ences which have heretofore controlled the
Government to secure many of the benefits
arising from appropriations made by it. Yet
the people of the West, of all others, stand
more in need of public improvements of this
character. They are the men and women of this
nation who in times past left the older States
and started for what were then the western
wilds to build up new homes for themselves,
and to carve out a new destiny for them-
selves and their posterity. They have sub-
dued nature. They have overcome the hard-
ships of frontier life. They have built up
new homes for themselves. They have carved
out a new destiny, not only for themselves
but for the nation. I say all honor is due
to the men and women who have made the
western wilds rejoice, and her prairies to
blossom as the rose.
Then it will not do for gentlemen to say, when
they are asked to encourage and assist the West,
" We cannot afford it," or •' Such assistance
is not needed." We cau afford it, and it is
needed; and every dollar the Government
anchors in the State of Missouri will come
back to her a thousand-fold. You and I will
yet live to see her the greatest in the grand
sisterhood of States. We will see her iron-
ribbed mountains, within the next decade,
famishing iron for the whole world. We will
hear the sweet music of the anvil chorus ring-
ing out from a thousand forges along the base
of her mighty mountains of wealth which line
her southern border, and which are even now
beckoning the capital of the world to profitable
investment there. We will hear, in the ten
years to come, in almost every town and city
within her confines, the humming of the spin-
dle and the clanging of the loom. We already
see her produce, in the shape of her corn, her
bacon, her live stock, her wheat, her hemp,
her fruit, and her wine, in every mart in this
nation, as well as many of the Old World.
Then I ask gentlemen to give due consider-
ation to every proposition that looks to the
development of this great State, audi ask them
to assist in supplying a necessity which has
been long felt in one of her chief cities. This
appropriation has been asked for by my people
for years, because they knew it was an actual
necessity for their accommodation, and for the
benefit of the Government. The Legislature
of tlie State of Missouri has memorialized this
Congress for this appropriation. But- why
dwell longer on this subject? The building is
demanded by the wants of the people, and
required by the business interests of the Gov-
ernment, That Government is able to build it.
Then why not do it? Why not plant in that
growing, prosperous city another evidence of
the desire of the Government to benefit and
assist its people? Why not be equally as gen-
erous to the people of the West as to those of
the East? Have not many towns and cities in
New England and in all the older States re-
ceived appropriations of this kind when they
were not wanted one half as much as they are
in this young city of the West ? Gentlemen
on this floor and elsewhere must remember
that " westward the course of empire takes its
way that to-day the watchword is—
To the West, to the West, to the land of the free;
Where tho mighty Missouri rolls down to the sea;
Where a man is a man if he is willing to toil;
Where he's a freeman if willing to gatherthe fruits
of the soil."
Her strength here and elsewhere is increas-
ing daily, and the day is not far distant when
the political power ot this nation will be found
ia the great valleys of the two great rivers of
the world. Be just and generous to that peo-
ple now. You may need their assistance in
the future, as 3 oil have in the past, in sustain-
ing the Government of our common country,
it will always be given in the future as freely
as it has been in the past, and all that will be
asked in return is that simple justice which is
due to the citizens of every section of the
country.
Mr. HAVENS. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accord-
ingly (at four o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees :
By Mr. BIRD: The petition of citizens of
New Brunswick, New Jersey, recommending
the passage of House bill No. 1738, allowing
totally and partially disabled soldiers and sea-
men increased pensions.
By Mr. DUNNELL: Thepetition of George
A. Millekin and 40 others, of Minnesota, ask-
ing the passage of House bill Nb. 1738.
By Mr. HOAR: The petition of George
Crompton, of Worcester, Massachusetts, for
condemned cannon for soldiers' monument in
that city.
By Mr. L. MYERS : The petition of Thomas
Warker, for the passage of an act allowing the
Commissioner of Patents to hear his applica-
tion for an extension.
IN SENATE.
Monday, April 8, 1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of the proceedings of Friday
last was read and approved.
mrs. frances a. m'kinnoy.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message from the House of Repre-
sentatives, asking for a committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendment of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 1866) for the relief of
Mrs. Frances A. McKinney.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
insist on its amendment disagreed to by the
House of Representatives,- and agree to the
conference asked by the House.
The motion was agreed to; and the Vice
President was, by unanimous consent, au-
thorized to appoint the conferees on the part
of the Senate.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 2203) to improve the
navigation of the Ohio river and its tributa-
ries, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
order of business.
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up House bill No.
1930, relating to proposals and contracts for
transportation of the mails, and for other pur-
poses.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Minnesota asks unanimous consent to
take up the bill indicated by him, subject to
the morning business, for action to-day.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I think the morning
business should be gone through with first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then I give notice that as
soon as the morning business is disposed of I
shall move to take up this bill.
kansas senatorial elections.
Mr. POMEROY. I have received from the
Governor of the State of Kansas what seems
to be, and what is, a certified printed copy of
a report of a joint committee of investigation
appointed by the Legislature of the State of
Kansas. It is the matter which was referred
to some days ago when we had only a news-
paper report on the subject. This seems to
be an official copy which I received this morn-
ing, and 1 suppose the Vice President must
also have received a similar copy.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to state that after the morning business
was concluded, as this was likely to give rise
to debate, he proposed to present it, as it
relates to a question of privilege; but he will
present it now with a letter accompanying it
from the Governor of Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. My ouly point in rising
was to have it referred, in accordance witU
the resolutions I submitted the other morning,
to the Committee on Privileges and Elections.
I have not read it myself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
present it at this time, with the letter of the
Governor of Kansas accompanying it, which
reached him by this morning's mail, dated
Topeka, April 4.
The Secretary read the following letter:
State of Kansas, Executive Department,
Xopeka, April 4,1872.
Sib : The Legislature of this State having passed
the following concurrent resolution—
11 Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the
Senate concurring,) That a printed certified copy
of the report and evidence of the investigating com-
mittee appointed to investigate charges of bribery
in the senatorial elections of 1867 and 1871 bo sent
to each of our Senators in Congress, and that a copy
of said report and evidence be placed in the hands
of the Governor of this State, with the request that
lie forward the same to the Vice President of the
United States, asking him to lay the same before the
Senate of the United States for their information "—
Therefore, in compliance with the request con-
tained iu the resolution above quoted, I transmit the
certified copy inclosed herewith, asking you to "lay
the same before the Senate of the United States for
their information."
I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
JAMES M. HARVEY,
Governor of Kansas.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Vice President of the United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tue'_Chair will
also state that there is a manuscript attesta-
tion of the secretary of State in regard to the
proceedings.of the Legislature which resulted
finally in the adoption of this resolution at-
tested by the seal of the State. If this matter
should give rise to debate, the Chair will first
complete the morning business.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not desire to make
any remaiks upon it. I have not read it. but
merely wish it referred without any remarks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas moves the reference of the
papers presented by himself, as well as those
presented by the Chair, to the Committee on
Privileges and Elections.
Mr. CALDWELL. I desire to state that I
also have received the report of the investiga-
tion referred to. I had been expecting that
report for some time. I believe it was made
up in February, and I have repeatedly inquired
of the Chair whether he had received it or not.
I am glad to know that it is here, and I desire
that it be referred as my colleague has sug-
gested, so that we may have speedy action on it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the reference of the papers presented by the
Senator from Kansas and the Cbairto the Com-
mittee on Privileges and Elections.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a memo-
rial of the Legislature of Wisconsin, in favor
of an appropriation for the erection of a light-
house at the entrance of Sturgeon bay, and to
place buoys in the channel of said bay: which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BROWNLOWpresented thepetition of
Amos David, of Sommerville, Tennessee, a sol-
dier of the war of 1812, praying the removal
of his political disabilities, and that his name
lie placed upon the pension-roll for his services
in that war : which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Ohio, late soldiers of the Army of the
United States, praying legislation to give all
soldiers, sailors, and marines who served hon-
orably and were discharged after such service,
and their heirs, if deceased, $8 S8J per mouth
for the time served, deducting Government
