3142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
amendment against the Government when it
was put in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill now
provides that the Government shall in 110 case
pay more than the original cost of the vessel.
This appears to be a still further limitation.
Mr. POMEROY. The other is 110 limita-
tion at all; 1 do not know what this is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maryland moves to amend by adding to
the proviso already in the clause relating to
the China mail.
Mr. POMEROY. Having agreed to that
amendment, I suppose the Senator can add
new ma'ter; buu I do not see how he can
strike out what has already been agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. He does not
propose to do that. The section now provides
that the Government shall not pay more than
the original cost of the ships, but this is an
amendment merely to provide a mode of ascer-
taining their value by appraisement.
Air. POA1EROY. I do not object to it if it
is consistent with the provision as it stands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
wiil report the part already in the bill.
'Ihe Chief Clerk. In the provision in rela-
tion to steamship service between San Fran-
cisco and China is the following proviso:
Provided, That the price paid shall in no case
exceed the original cost of the vessels so taken.
Mr. VICKERS. Then my amendment wiil
come iu. it should commence, "aud pro-
vided further."
Mr. WINDOil. I do not think there is
any objection to that amendment.
Air. CASSEELY. I do not think the
amendment adds anything to the stiength of
the provision already (here. On the contrary,
it tends lo opim a door (or dividing the respons-
ibility between the Secretary of the Navy
and two or three appraisers. I think that is
a very serious objection to that mode of asccr
tabling value. 1 would much rather confine
ihe power to tiie Secretary of the Navy and
let. him he'ir the whole responsibility of wrong
if any slmil be committed.
The ViCE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator fro in Maryland insist on his amendment?
Air. EDMUNDS. Certainly he,does. I do,
if he dors not.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. UASSERLY. I think the amendment
which the Senate adopted on my motion, ns
now amended, should receive a little further
change so as to have it apply to purchases of
steamships under the bill. I see that it refers
only to sieamships engaged in the China ser-
vice. It ought to apply also to those in the
Brazil service.
Ihe ViCE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator propose an amendment?
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Secretary wilt
read mat part of the bill, I will suggest an
amend merit.
fhe Chief Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That nil steamships hereafter accepted
toi b«ud service oba.ll be bo constructed as to bo
readily adapted to the aimed naval eervlco of the
United bta: cs in ease of war; and before acceptance,
T,ne orncers by woom they may be accepted shall
report, to tao fceoretary of the Navy aud tue Post-
master general whether this condition has been
complied wuh ; and the Government shall have the
ngnt in case ot war to take any ot said steamers tor
its own use, aud pay in such caae a reasonable com-
pensation theretor.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suggest the insertion
oi tue words tvaud on all the sieamers engaged
jn the Brazil service."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
has just read the clause in regard to the Bra-
zihau service adopted on the motion of the
Senator from New York, [Mr. Fexton.]
iir. POAlJbHOY. Let it be understood
that they shall be made boih alike.
Mr. EOAiUNJDS. I object to any under-
standings. Before we agiee to anything I
wish to ask the Senator from California a
question. I wibh to ask him what he means by
the words which the Secretary read in refer-
ring to the officers by whom these vessels are
to be inspected. The clause does not seem to
provide what officers shall make the inspec-
tion. Does he mean the officers of the steam-
ship company, who are the proprietors, that
they are to determine whether these vessels
are adapted to the naval service before the con-
tract is completed, or does he mean some
deputy postmaster, or some agent of the Post
Office Department, or does he mean some
officer of the Navy ?
Mr. CASSERLY. I think I ought to be
very much indebted to the Senator from Ver-
mont for supposing that I could have intended
anything half so absurd as the many things he
has sugge&ted. The Senator from Vermont
evidently did not hear the amendment. In
the first place the amendment is not mine, but
that of the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. ViCK-
ers,] and if the Senator from Vermont can
have it all taken out he will do what I tried in
vain to do awhile ago.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I thought it was the
amendment of my friend from California, and
so I apologize to him. I merely wished to call
attention to the entire ambiguity of this pro-
vision as to the inspection of these vessels in
re.-peet to their adaptation to naval service
before the contract is made with the people
who are to employ them.
Mr. VYINDOM. I think I can answer the
question. The present law provides that they
shall be inspectedby a naval officer appointed
by the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The present law is a
little ai.tetior to this law, and when this law
passes it wiil be later than the present law.
Mr. VV1XD0M. Very true; but this law re-
fers to the existing law, and says this shall be
done on the same conditions and limitations.
^ Mr. EDMUNDS. I know ; but the "con-
ditions and limitations" do not relate to this
subject of the naval service at all.
Mr. WINDOM._ But the inspection will be
done under the existing laws.
Mr. EDMUNDS, Is there an existing law
which provides bow the inspection shall be j
made? !
Mr. "\VINDOM. Yes, sir; the Senator j
from California can refer to it. !
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will he be good enough j
to do so?
Mr. COLE. I will. The law reads : ;
" Shall be subject to inspection and survey by an !
experienced naval constructor, to be detailed for
that purpose by the Secretary of the Navy, who i
shall report," &c.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What steamers does that !
apply to ? j
That is the act of 1865, 1
authorizing the establishment of the service I
between the United States and China and |
Japan that is referred to m the amendment. 1
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very good. The amend- I
me:it thai has been read and the one to which j
I am calling the attention of the Senate is the .
new and independent provision in respect to I
the Braz.iian line. Now, the honorable Sen- !
ator, when I ask him what he means by an I
inspection leiating to the Brazilian line, iu jj
respect to which there is no present law, M
refers me to a provision made about the Cal-
ifornia and China line.
Mr. COLE. That is a great mistake. It is
the same thing.
Mr. CRAGXN. There is the same law for
Loth.
Mr. EDMl)NDS. That may be $ but I am
speaking of the information the Senator from
California gives us. When I ask him about
Biazil, he tells ine about China. It inav be
that in contemplation of law Brazil and China j
are the tame thing, as they are both foreign >
countries! [
t Mr. COLE. I will read for the benefit of :
tne Senator from the law relating to the Brazil !
seivice. !
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will be rather more .
to the point. !
Mr. COLE. That law provides that the
steamers shall, " before approval and acceot-
auce by the Postmaster General, be subject to
inspection and survey by an experienced naval
constructor to be detailed for that purpose
by the Secretary of the Navy, who shall
report," &c.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now my friend has read
something which relates to the subject we
have under consideration; and if he believes
that this provision being in this new law, with-
out any specific reference as to inspection to
the old law, is adequate, very well, because I
see these subsidies are to go. I only call his
attention to the fact that it may be very con-
venient in five or six years, when you get into
a little trouble with some nation, to provide
for an officer under the Post Office Depart-
ment, or a steamship officer to make this
inspection. The Senator smiles.
Mr. COLE. Not derisively.
Mr. EDMUNDS. By no means. But the
Senator has a right to smile derisively. There
is no rule against that. I hope nobody has
forgotten, and we ought not to forget so soon,
the monstrous frauds that were committed on
this Government in the early part of the war
between the southern confederacy, as it is
styled now complacently, aud the United
States, in respect to the taking up of vessels
out of the civil service where inspections of
this character were conducted by persons who
were unskilled, and in the most scandalous
manner. A committee of which I was once a
member made an investigation into some sub-
jects of that kind, which it never reported
upon because some of the patties were dead,
which showed the connection of some people
who are now very deep in politics with the
sale of steamships that naval officers would
not receive at all aud that military officers
would not receive at all; and yet there was
found a convenient way under the statute of
getting somebody who was neither a military
nor naval officer to make the inspection and
report, and the vessels were bought. I wish
to guard by every possible precaution against
tnat. But as this matter is not in my hands,
it is enough for me to point out the danger to
whichyou are exposed m not making a specific
provision as to the tribunal which is to determ-
ine whether these vessels are fit for war pur-
poses or not. That is all I have to sav.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr." Ferry,
of Michigan.) The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maryland.
Mr. CASSERLY. There is an amendment
to apply the same rule as to the vessels to
both lines.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will report the amendment.
fhe Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
insert at the end of the proviso, in that part
of the bill which provides for steamship service
between China and Japan, the following:
And this provision shall extend to and be applicable
to tiie steamers of the Brazilian line hereinafter
provided for.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WEST. I should like the Senate to
consider now an amendment I reported from
the Committee on Appropriations relating to
service in the Gulf of Mexico.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. To what
appropriation in the bill does the amendment
reier?
Mr. WEST. Let the amendment be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will read the amendment.
ihe Chief Clerk read as follows:
For steamship eervice between the port of New
Oi'leans and fhe ports of Tampico, Vera Cruz, Coats-
zacoalcos, Tabasco, Laguna, Oampeehe, Sisal, and
Havana, £>75,000. And the Postmaster General ia
hereby directed to contract with American citizens
who Whl guaranty the performance of the above
service on terms raoet advantageous and least ex-
pensive to the United State?, securing service twice
each month, and according to such schedule of
vais and departures as the Postmaster General shall
arrange, to tbe end that Havana shall be the first
and last port on the alternate eastern and western
