4038
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No.
2418) granting a pension to Mrs. Nancy E.
PagIt proposes to direct the Secretary
of the Interior to place on the pension-roll,
subject to the provisions and limitations of
the pension laws, the name of Nancy E. Pugh,
widow of David E. Pugh, late captain of com-
pany B, twenty-seventhregiment United States
colored troops.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
iiodse bill referred.
Tbe bill (H. R. No. 2946) to divide the
State of Illinois into three judicial districts,
and for other purposes, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
amendments to appropriation bill.
Mr. ALCORN, Mr. MORRILL of Maine,
Mr. MORRILL of Vermont, Mr. PATTER-
SON, and Mr. POMEROY submitted amend-
ments intended to be proposed by them to the
bill (S. R. No. 2705) making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1873, and
for other purposes ; which were referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
ceiia tweed.
Mr. PRATT. I present certain new evi-
dence in the case of Celia Tweed, widow of
Thomas Tweed. Her application for a pen-
sion was reported against a few days since.
I wish to move a reconsideration of that report
and have the bill (S. No. 743) granting a pen-
sion to Celia Tweed, widow ot Thomas Tweed,
recommitted to the Committee on Pensions
with this new evidence.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If therebeno
objection, the bill will be recommitted by
unanimous consent with the additional evi-
dence now presented.
steamboat law.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proeeed to the consideration of the
conference report on the bill (H. li. No. 2116)
to amend ari act entitled " An act to provide
for tlie better security of life on board of ves-
sels propelled in whole or in part by steam,
ntid for other purposes," approved February
Mr. STEWART. I hope that report will
not be taken up. It will occupy the whole
morning hour.
The motion was agreed to ; there being, on
a division—ayes 30. noes 10.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the report of the committee
of conference. The Secretary will read the
report.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of tbe two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill til. R. No. 2116) to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide for the better security
of life on board of vessels propelled in whole or in
part by steam, and for other purposes," approved
l^ebruary 28, 1871, having met, alter full and free
conference have agreed to recommend, and do rec-
ommend to their respective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
rlimbered 2, 4, 5 9,10, 15,17,19, 28. 29, 38, 42, 43, 44,
47. 48, 61. 66. 67, 68, 70, 71. 72, 73, 90,91, 101, 102, 103,
lftt. 109. Ill, 112, 113. and 118.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendments of the Sen-
ate numbered 1, 3, 6. 7, 8,11,12, 13, 14,16,18, 20, 21,
22, 23, 25. 27, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36 , 37, 39, 40. 41, 45,
46, 49, sa, 51, 52, 53, 54, 55, 56, 57, 58, 60, 62, 64, 65, 69,
74, 75, 76, 77, 78. 79, 80, 81, 82. 84, 85, 86, 87, 88, 89, 92,
93, 94. 95, 96, 97, 98, 99, 100,105, 106,107, 110,116, 117,
and 119, aud agree to the same.
That in line five of section four, after the word
other," the word " like " be stricken out.
lhat the House recede from their disagreement to
the Senate amendment numbered 24, aud agree to
the same with the following amendment: in lines
twenty-three and twenty-four of section four of the
bill strike out the words "the Mississippi river,
sounds, bays, rivers," and insert m lieu thereof
"tho rivers flowing into the Gulf of Mexico and
their trioutaries, and the rivers of the Pacific
coast."
That the House recede from their disagreement
to Senate amendment numbered 26, and agree to
the same with the following amendment: in line
forty-three of section four of the bill, after the word
" for," strike out the words "stores or."
That section seven of the bill be amended as fol-
lows: in line seventy-six, after the word " oceans,"
insert the word "or;" and in line seventy-seven
strike out the words " bays or sounds."
That in section eleven of the bill, lines thirty-nine
and forty, the following words be stricken out:
"upon application in writing of the master or
owner;" and that in line one hundred and three,
after the word "working." the word "power" be
inserted.
Thatin line twenty-five of section eighteen of the
hill the Senate amendment be agreed to.
That the House recede from their disagree-
menttotho Senate amendment numbered 59, and
agree to the same with the following amendment:
in line thirty-eight, of section twenty-three, after
the word " knowledge" insert the words " of steam
navigation and to his."
That section twenty-nine of the bill be amended
as follows: in line one hundred and seventy-one
strike out the words " or hereinafter;" and in line
one hundred and seventy-two, after tho word "des-
ignated." insert the words " or those that may be
hereafter designated by the board of supervising
inspectors."
That in line seven, of section thirty-six, the word
"six" be stricken out, and the word " two" be sub-
stituted therefor; and in lines nine and ten, of the
same section, the following words be stricken out:
" and which shall be subject when so employed to a
tensile strain."
That the Senate recede from their amendment
numbered 63, and agree to the following amend-
ment: in lino one, of section thirty-seven of the
bill, strike out the word " such."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
Senate amendment numbered 83, and agree to the
same with the following amendment: in line nine,
of section lorty-one, strike out the word "when,"
and insert in lieu thereof the word "for;" and in
line ten, afterthe word " canals/' insert the follow-
ing: " nor to yachts nor pleasure-boats that do not
carry passengers or freight for hire or profit."
That the Senate amendment in lino eleven, of
section forty-seven, be agreed to.
That the Senate amendment, in line ninety-nine,
of section forty-seven, be agreed to.
That the Senate amendment in line one hundred
aud twenty-two, of section forty-seven, be agreed
to.
That section forty-eight be amended by inserting
inline eight thereof, after the word " every, " the
word " willlul."  
That section fifty-one be amended by inserting
after the word "purpose," in line five, the follow-
ing: "and every coastwise, sea-going steam vessel
subject to the navigation laws of the United States,
and to the rules and regulations aforesaid, shall,
when under way, except on the high seas, be under
the control and direction of a pilot licensed by the
inspectors of steamboats."
That the Senate amendment in ling seventeen of
section fifty-one be agreed to.
That the Senate amendment in line two, section
fifty-five, be agreed to.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
Senate amendment numbered 108, and agree to the
same with the following amendment: in line seven,
ofsectionfilty-seven, strikeout theword "therein,"
and insert theword "hereinbefore" in lieu thereof.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the Senate amendment numbered 114, and agree to
the same with the following amendment: in line thir-
teen, of section fifty-nine, strike out the word
' ten," and insert in lieu thereot the word " eight."
The House recede from their disagreement to the
Senate amendment numbered 115, and agree to the
same with the following amendment: in line four-
teen of section fifty-nine, strike out the word " five,"
and insert the word " four " in lieu thereof.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
Senate amendment numbered 120, and agree to tho
same with the following amendments: in line eight
of section sixty-nine, after the word "such," insert
the word " horns;" and in lines nine and ten of
the same section, strike out the words "one and
one-half miles'* and insert the words "one mile"
in lieu thereof.
That the Senate recede from their amendment
numbered 121, and that with the following amend-
ment, section seventy-one, be agreed to : strikeout
after the word " effect," in the first line of said sec-
tion and insert the following in lieu thereof: "from
and after its passage, except that appropriations to
earryits provisions into effect shall commence with
the usual fiscal year, and the provisions of the law
of 1871 as to payments and salaries shall continue
in force until the commencement of the next fiscal
year."
That the Senate recede from their amendment
numbered 122, and thatsection seventy-two, amend-
ed as follows, be agreed to: strike out all after the
word 'vessels," in line two, thereof, and insert the
words "that are not required to be registered,
enrolled, or licensed."
Z. CHANDLER,
FRANK P. BLAIR,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JAS. S. NEGLEY,
0.1). CONGER,
SAM. HAMBLETON,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. STEWART. This bill was read at night
without a quorum being present and subse-
quently passed. It is so radical in its nature,
changing the whole system of safeguards, if
there be any, for the protection of life and
property on board of steamboats and steam-
ships, that 1 feel called upon to ask that the
bill be read in full with the amend oents made
by the committee of conference, with a quo-
rum present in the Senate, so that we can see
what it is. Nobody can tell anything about it
by this report of the amendments according to
their numbers. The changes made in the
steamboat laws are of so radical a nature that
I feel called upon to insist on the reading of
the bill as it will stand under this report. It
is a very important bill, and it ought not to
become a law without being read.
Mr. SPENCER. Each Senator has a copy
of the bill and the report before liiin.
Mr. CHANDLER. The bill has been read
at length heretofore and all the amendments,
and this report has been on the table of Sen-
ators now tor four or five days. The confer-
ence committee spent eight hours the other
night on this bill, and gave it very careful con-
sideration, and I think we have got a very
good bill. Of course it is within the power of
the Senator to call for the reading of it, but it
lies on the desk of every Senator with the
amendments. It has been now four days on
their tables. I hope the Senator will not insist
on occupying the time of the Senate iu read-
ing a bill which has already been read.
Mr. CONKLING. I venture with great
diffidence to differ with the honorable Senator
from Michigan, the chairman of the commit-
tee to which I have the honor to belong, but
I must differ with him when he. says that he
thinks this is an excellent bill. It is a bill
relating to the steamboat interest, a great, and
meritorious interest, very largely represented
in my own Stale, an interest in behalf of
which I should be glad to vote for anything I
could, fostering if. But, sir, the bill relates
also very largely to human life, and 1 ain per-
suaded that the Senate hearing this bill read
will never adopt it. I mean hearing it read
and attending to it, and unless some other
Senator shall do bo 1 shall deem it my duty to
call attention to very many of the provisions
which it contains, and which constrain me to
vote against this report, and to vote against it
by as much as 1 know how dangerous an
element steam is, and by as much as I know
the duty resting upon us to protect human
life.
Now, sir, I am prepared to assign in part at
least my reasons for objecting to it, but it can-
not be done in what is left of the morning
hour.
Mr. CHANDLER. I shall ask the Senate
to proceed with this bill until it is finished.
Mr. CONKLING. I was about to say that
I will Dot delay the consideration of the bill
at any time when it can be deliberately con-
sidered.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senate will
proceed with it until it is finished.
Mr. CONKLING. My friend knows very
well that the Senate will not do that, because
the taiiff bill is the order at twelve o'clock.
However, I was in the act of assuring him that
I shall never place any impediment iu the way
of its consideration when it can be deliber-
ately considered; but it can never pass with-
out being read and considered. 1 mean to
defer to everybody's wishes, but I mean to
stand by that. This bill shall never become a
law when I am in the Senate, without some
of its provisions being brought to the knowl-
edge of the Senate; for I s>ay that as a law
between )he public and common carriers, it is
bv itself in the whole history of civilized legis-
lation ; there is nothing like it; and I say if
you undertake to apply to railway companies
or to steamboat companies the provisions of
this bill, you might as well repeal all statutory
provisions and remit men to their natural
rights. But I do not want to be led at this
