1350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
its organization to the present time; that he first
saw Beaver lake, which lies in the northwestern part
of Newton county, in the year 1851; that at that time
it was a clear smooth sheet of water, about seven and
a half miles long and five miles wide, and the water
was from two to nine feet in depth, and was only
resorted to by sportsmen for the purpose of hunting
and fishing; at this time there was only one resi-
dence on or near the margin of said lake, from the
factthat the land for many miles in all directions was
two wet lor cultivation; that in the years 1854 and
1855 the State of Indiana, by her commissioner, John
Darrah, excavatcd a number of ditches for the pur-
pose of draining said lake, one of which commenced at
the margin of said lake, near the corner of sections
thirty-three, thirty-four, twenty-seven, and twenty-
eight, township thirty-one north, range nine west;
and extended to the Kankakee river, in section five,
of said town, a distance of about five and one half
miles in length, and was excavated to the depth of
from three to seventeen ieet; soon after this the
water in the lake began to subside until the year
1859, when it had subsided about two and one half
feet; at this time one Isaac Hitchcock took a contract
of deepening, widening, and extending said ditch into
the bed of the lake, and in the years 1859 and 1860
extended said ditch about one mile into the bed of
the lake, by which the depth and width of said ditch
were very much increased, but it was not as yet of
sufficient capacity to carry all the waters from said
lake as fast as they accumulated from the rain-fall.
About tho year 1861 one Algy Dean and "William Bur-
ton conceived the idea of locating permanently on tho
lake and extending this ditch still further into tho
bed of the lake, and to improve the lands so as to
bring them into cultivation. About this time a num-
ber of other persons came to tho lake and became
tho owners of land. These persons, in conjunction
with said Algy Dean, by their joint efforts, havo
oxtended said ditch about two milos into the bed of
thelake, andhavooxcavated numerous other ditches,
and built fcnces, and dwolling-houscs, and barns,
and liavo cultivated said land and sowed large
amounts of tho bed of said Iako in clover and timo-
thy, and otherwise improving the same, and have
now increased the capacity (if said ditch so as to
convoy all tho rain-fall from tho same, and so as to
render the northwestorn part good for cultivation.
I havo within twenty days made a survey of said
lake, and made measurements and estimates of the
cost of the improvements made on said lako by tho
Stato of Indiana and her assignees. Said estimates
are in the words and figures following, namely:
I find by actual measurement that tho main out-
lot ditch is six miles and sixty-live chains in longth,
and lrom forty-livo to seventy feet in width, and
from two to twenty-four and one fifth in depth, con-
taining livo hundred and nine thousand throe hun-
dred and twenty-seven cubic yards of excavation,
which would cost, at twonty cents per cubic yard,
tbo sum of '5101,865 56, and that tho laterals and
other outlet ditches, all of which are nocessary for
the present reclamation of tho lands now in culti-
vation, contain sixty-live thousand one bundled
cubic yards of excavation ; this, at fifteen conts per
cubic yard, will amount to tho sum of $9,706; and
that there aro at present over thirty-sovon milos of
fencing, which are used to mcio.se tho lauds of suid
lake, which, at fifty conts per rod, would amount to
tho sum of $5,920; that there aro at present twonty
dwelling-houses on and around said lako, which aro
occupied by families who aro cultivating some of tho
lands of said lako, or havo somo of tho lands under
fence. These houses aro estimated to be worth tho
sum of $10,500, and there are Iruit-trecs now in bear-
ing where the water was deep enough to draw aseine
and catch fish that aro worth $500; that tho north
end of said outlet ditch is at prosent obstructed by
a doposit of sand which has been accumulating for
tho last fivo or six years, and that tho said accumu-
lation of sand lias now obstructed tho mouth or out-
lot of said ditch for tho distanco of ono milo; that
Imade a survey of said obstruction in Soptoraber,
1870, and I made another survey of tho said deposit
within the sixty days last past, and that said ob-
struction lias within tho last year filled lip sixty
rods of said ditch, and that a contract has been let
to responsible parties for excavating said deposit,
which will cost tbo further sum of $1,500, and that
there has been lot to responsible parties a contract
for extending tho aforesaid outlet ditch to the doep-
est water in the lake, so as to let all tho water flow
freely down tho said outlet ditch, and thus reclaim
tho lands whioh aro now covered with water, and to
keep the spring floods, which last spring covered a
large portion of tho southeast part of said lake,
from again overflowing said lands.
ADAM W. SHIDXiER.
Subscribed and sworn to beforo mc this 16th day
of September, 1871.
ANDREW HALL.
[L. S.]
Clerk oj JSewton Circuit Court.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands that it is the desire of tho Senate
that the unfinished business shall not be called
up at one o'clock, and not until the Senator
from Indiana has concluded his remarks. If
there be no objection, the Chair will not inter-
rupt the Senator from Indiana at one o'clock,
but will allow him to conclude his remarks.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. Shidlcr, in this state-
ment, does not discriminate between the lands
sold by the State and the Bright lands as to
the location of the improvements; but con-
sidering the time which has elapsed since the
State sold her lands, it is fair to infer that one
half of these improvements are on them.
Now, sir, although the State in conveying
these lands by patent has inserted no words
of covenant, does that alter the case on the
question whether she should defend the title
of these men, and in case they lose their lands
indemnify them for their loss? Her covenant
is found in the law which authorized their sale
and guarantied protection to t.he actual settler.
It is enough that she claimed to own them,
and sold them. That, with a sovereignty deal-
ing with its people, is guarantee enough.
Had she doubted her title and set forth its in-
firmity in the law authorizing the sale, and
guarded against recourse by honestly saying
she proposed to sell just such interest as she
had, this would have been notice to the world,
and no one could complain of being cheated in
his purchase. But she expressed no such
doubt; she gave no such exhibit; she affirmed
by the strongest implication that she had the
right to sell. Her citizens aud all persons
had a right to infer on reading the law that she
owned the lands and would protect the pur-
chasers, and this she must do or forfeit the
respect of honest men.
It is not for States to deal deceitfully with
those who put their trust in them. Justice is
their crowning attribute. It cannot be doubted
that the moral sense of tho people of Indiana
will require the Legislature to make full in-
demnification in case the titles of these men
fail. This indemnity will not be full without
returning the purchase-money and interest and
compensating the settler for the improvements
he may lose.
But, sir, against this bill it may bo urged that
thus far I have shown that the State's title is
only Dunn's title, and that his title as to all the
lands lying in the bed of the lake rests simply
upon his claim as a riparian proprietor; and
it will be asked, is the Senate prepared to con-
cede the doctrine that a sale of a defined quan-
tity of land upon the margin of a lake carries
by construction the title of the purchaser to
its center ? Were this the whole statement of
the question, as it is not, we might well pause.
But such was the theory of those who pur-
chased the land. Upon this principle and none
other did the original claim of Dunn and Bright
rest. Mr. Bright asserted this principle in a
suit brought in the circuit court of the county
where the lands lie as early as 1857. The
action was to recover some of the lands form-
erly covered by water, and this was the only
point in tho controversy. I have examined
the very able argument submitted to the judge
who presided, now one of the judges of the
Supreme Court, and formerly a member of this
body. It convinced him, and tho claim of
Bright was sustained—the claim that, as a ripa-
rian proprietor, and to the extent that he
owned lands fronting upon the lake, his right
to the soil under the water, including the islands,
extended to its center. The proposition is a
startling one, aud I do not admit itssouudness.
If the State's claim rested on this foundation
alone, and there were nothing in the higher
claim I shall directly put up, I could not with
my convictions of the law upon this subject
insist that it should be recognized.
The arguments pro and con on this riparian
theory are familiar to the lawyers of this body,
and I shall not detain the Senate by going
over them. It has seemed to mo that the
argument of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office on this question, in his report of
1868, was exhaustive and unanswerable. I have
ithere at page 121, but shall not trespass on the
patience of the Senate to read it. If the posi-
tion contended for be true, then it follows that
he who buys of the United States lands bor-
dering on the Mississippi or Missouri river, or
upon any of the great tributaries leading into
them, buys the soil under the water to the
middle of the stream. His patent may call
for only forty acres, while his actual claim will
include two hundred or more. If his claim
be good, he, and he exclusively, is entitled to
the bed of the river to its middle line, to its
quarries and mines, to the sand and gravel, to
its drift and whatever of value the subsidence
of the waters may allow him to appropriate.
They are all his, and he may do with them as
he pleases, so that he does not interfere with
the navigation of the stream. And this must
be equally true of all our lakes, great and small.
Their beds by this theory are all the subject
of private ownership.
Now, sir, without going into the legal argu-
ment, the plain answer to this fanciful theory
is this: our public lands are surveyed and
sold in pursuance of a law. They were divided
into townships, sections, and subdivisions of
sections, as low as forty acres. They were
surveyed, the corners established, and the lines
marked on the trees and measured by a chain.
The surveyor is charged to note in his field-
book all the water-courses—mark the expres-
sion, "all the water-courses over which tho
line he runs shall pass," and also the quality
of the lands. These field-books, showing the
corners established, the lines run, and their
distances, are to be returned to the surveyor
general, who therefrom causes a description
of the whole body of tho lands surveyed to
be made out and transmitted to the officers
charged with their sale. He is also to cause
a fair plat to be made of the townships and
fractional parts of townships, describing the
subdivisions thereof, and the marks of the
corners. This plat is recorded and kept a
perpetual record in his office for public inform-
ation, and copies are sent to the land offices
where sales are to be made. By these plats,
showing the corners of every section and its
subdivisions, the sales are made. It would
seem too plain for argument in this statement
of the law that the Register could sell only
what is marked on the plat for sale, and
nothing outside of it. It may well be asked, to
what purpose-have these lines been run, and
these corners established, if land not surveyed
or platted, and wholly outside of the plat, and
without description or definition of quantity,
may still bo sold or claimed to be sold?
I am quoting now from the first law passed
by Congress in 179G for the survey and sale of
the lands northwest of the Ohio ceded by Vir-
ginia. Something was said in that law about
' 'e streams. Thus, the very first rule
laid down is, that the land shall be divided
by north and south lines running according
to the true meridian, and by others crossing
them at right angle so as to form townships
of six miles square, unless—and now mark the
exception—unless where the line of the late
Indian purchase, or of tracts before surveyed
or patented, " or the course of navigable
rivers," may render it impracticable. When-
ever a line encountered a navigable river, the
course of the survey in that direction was as
much arrested as if it had encountered the late
Indian purchase or land already surveyed. It
could no more cross the navigable stream
than it could enter a body of land already sur-
veyed or sold.
In that same law, and in section nine, it is
provided that all navigable rivers within the
territory to be disposed of should be deemed
to be and remain public highways, and in all
cases where the opposite banks of a stream
not navigable should belong to different per-
sons the stream and the bed should be com-
mon to both.
It^ is hardly necessary to say that in this
cession of Virginia there was no stream where
the tide ebbed and flowed, though there were
many rivers which were navigable. The intent
of Congress is here plain enough. It was only
where streams were not navigable, and, as I
infer, where the lines of the public surveys
crossed thetn, that Congress intended the bed
and stream should be common to the propri-
etors of the two banks.
But there is nothing said here or elsewhere,
