1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
455
appointment as cashiers of collectors of customs,
cashiers of Assistant Treasurers, cashiers of post-
masters, superintendents of money-order divisions
in post officcs, and such other custodians of largo
sums of money as may hereafter be designated by
the advisory board, and for whose pecuniary fidelity
another officer is responsible, shall, nevertheless,
not be appointed except with the approval of such
other officer.
"6. Postmasters whose annual salary is less than
0200 may be appointed upon the written request
of applicants, with such evidence of character and
fitness as shall be satisfactory to the head of the
Department.
"7. The appointment of all persons entering the
civil service in accordance with these regulations,
exo-pting persons appointed by the President, by
and with the advice and consentof the Senate, post- !
masters, and persons appointed to any position in a j
foreign country, shall be made for a probationary !
term of six months, during which the conduct and >
capacity of such persons shall be tested; and if, at !
the end of said probationary term, satisfactory proofs ]
of their fitness shall have been furnished by the j
board of examiners to tde head of the Department ;
in which they shall have been employed during said !
term, they shall be reappointed.
"8. The President will designate throe persons in i
eaoh department of the public service to servo as a j
board of examiners, which, under the supervision |
of the advisory board, and under regulations to be
prescribed by it, and at such tunes and places as it
may determine, shall conduct personally, or by per-
sons approved by the advisory board, all investiga-
tions and examinations for admission into said
Departments, or for promotion therein.
"9. Any person who, after long and faithful ser-
vice in a Department, shall bo incapacitated by
mental or bodily infirmity for the efficient discharge
of the duties of Ins position, may be appointed by
the head of the Department, at his discretion, to a
position ot less responsibility in the same Depart-
ment.
" 10. Nothing in these rules shall prevent the ap-
pointment of aliens to positions in the consular
service, which, by reason of small compensation or
of other sufficient cause, are, in the judgment of
the appointing power, necessarily so filled; nor the
appointment o! such persons within tho United
States as are indispensablo to a proper discharge of
tho duties of certain positions, but who may not
be familiar with tho English language or legally
capable of naturalization.
"11. No head of a Department, nor a^y subor-
dinate officer of the Government,shall as such offi-
cer authorize, or permit, or assist m levying, any
assessment of money for political purposes, under
the form of voluntary contributions or otherwise,
upon any person employed under his control, nor
shall any such person pay any money so assessed.
" 12. Tho advisory board shall at any titno recom-
mend to tho President such changes in these rules
as it may confer necessary to secure tho greater
efficiuuev of tho civil service.
"13. From these rules are excepted tho heads of j
Departments, Assistant Secretaries of Departments.
Assistant Attorneys General, and First Assistant
Postmaster General. Solicitor Goncral, Solicitor of ,
the Treasury. Naval Solicitor, Solicitor ot Internal j
Revenue, examiner of claims in the Stato Depart-
ment, Treasurer of the United States, Register of
the Treasury. First and Second Comptrollers of tho
Treasury, judges of tho United States courts, dis-
trict attorneys, privato secretary of the President, J
embassadors and other public ministers, Superin- ;
tendentof tho Coast Survey, Director of tho Mint,
Governors of Territories, bpecial Commissioncis,
special counsel, visiting and examining boards,
persons appointed to positions without compensa-
tion for services, dispatch agents, and bearers of
dispatches."
The President communicates these rules and
regulations to Congress in a message, in which
he says, " These rules have been adopted, and
will go into effect on the 1st day of January,
1872 *' And the President adds:
" If left to me, without further congressional action,
the rules proscribed by the commission, under tho
reservation already mentioned, will bo faithfully
executed; but they are not binding, without further
legislation, upon my successors.
44 Being desirous of bringing this subject to the at-
tention of Congress before the approaching recess, I
havo not time to sufficiently examine the accom-
panying report to enable me to suggest definite
legislative action to insure tho support which may
be necessary in order to give a thorough trial to a
policy long needed.
" I ask ior all the strength which Congress can give
mo. to enable me to carry out tho reforms in the
civil service recommended by tho commissioners,
and adopted, to take effect, as before stated, on Jan-
uary 1,1872."
1. The first thing that occurs to the mind,
on examining these rules and regulations, is
that the most important officers of the Govern-
ment, those mentioned in the thirteenth rule
and regulation, are exempted from their opera-
tion, if the competitive examination, which,
m the opinion ot the board, is a balm for all
governmental ills, should be applied toallsub-
ordinale officers, and if a copying clerk in the
Interior Department, or the janitor of a public
building in San Francisco, must be citizens of
the United States, and furnish satisfactory evi-
dence in regard to character, health, and age,
and pass a satisfactory examination in speak-
ing, reading, and writing the English language,
it is difficult to perceive why " tho heads of
Departments, Assistant Secretaries of Depart-
ments, Assistant Attorneys General, and First
Assistant Postmaster General, Solicitor Gen-
eral, Solicitor of the Treasury, Naval Soli-
citor, Solicitor of Internal Revenue, examiner
of claims in the State Department, Treasurer
of the United States, Register of the Treasury,
First and Second Comptrollers of the Treasuiy,
judges of the United States courts, district
attorneys, private secretaiy of the President,
embassadors and other public ministers, Super-
intendent of tho Coast Survey, Director of the
Mint, Governors of Territories'J should not bo
required to pass through this trying ordeal and
meet these difficult tests. A copying-clerk in
the State Department must be a citizen of the
Uuited States ; the head of that Department
n«ed not be. A light-house keeper on the
shores of Lake Michigan must be able to write
and read the English language ; the Attorney
General of the United States is not required
to do either.
2. These rules and the message illustrate
the truth of the Scripture: Behold, how great
a matter a little fire kindleth!"
The President was authorized to employ
suitable persons to conduct inquiries to ascer-
tain the litness " of each candidate in respect
to age, health, character, knowledge, and abil-
ity lor the branch of service into which he
seeks to enter;" and out of this we obtain, by
the rules and regulations adopted bv the Pres-
ident, an advisory board without limit as to
number of its members, with unlimited powers
and undefined jurisdiction, and as many sub-
boards as there are departments of public
service, to conduct competitive examinations,
(see rule right,) besides the appointment of an
unlimited number of persons by these respec-
tive examining boards, to be approved by the
advisory board, who are to wander over tho
Union and conduct 44 all investigations and
examinations for admission into said depart-
ments, or lor promotion therein."
Thus hundreds, and it may be thousands,
of new offices are created, for which Congress
must provide the requisite compensation.
These new offices are not created by an act of
Congress, but are created by the message of
the President adopting these rules aud regula-
tions.
liy the ninth rule and regulation it is pro-
vided that—
"Any person who, after long and faithful service
in a Department, shall be incapacitated by mental
or bodily infirmity for the efficient discharge of the
duties ot his position, may be appointed by the head
of the Department, at his discretion, to a position
of less responsibility in the same Department."
By the first rule it is provided tiiat—
"No person shall be admitted to any position in
the civil sorvico, &c„ who shall not havo furnished
satisfactory evidence ia regard to health, age," &c.
Now, how u any person who, after long and
faithful service in a Department, shall be inca-
pacitated by extreme age and mental or bodily
infirmity, ior the efficient discharge of the
duties of hi* position," is to furnish the satis-
factory evidence of age and health required
by the first rule for admission " to any position
in the civil service," is a problem which ought
to be sent back to the advisory board.
3. It is provided by the second rule that the
advisory board shall hereafter " so far as practi-
cable group the positions in each branch of
the public service according to the character
of the duties to be performed, and shall grade
each group from lowest to highest, for the pur-
pose of promotion within the group."
I understand from the message of the Pres-
ident that he liay not only adopted the action
of the board, so far as exprcs^c-d, but that he
adopts whatever may be the subsequent action
of the board in this behalf, though such action
relates to the most important part of the sys-
tem, while of course he is wholly ignoraut of
what such subsequent action may he.
But these are minor and trifling objec-
tions, and relate to the bark of a tree which is
unsound from top to bottom. The principal
objections to the system proposed by these
rules and regulations are twofold :
I. They violate the Constitution in this, that
they take from the President the discretion
which the Constitution vests in him, to select
from the whole body of the people, limiting
him to the three names or less reported by the
examining board ; thus transferring the nom-
inating power from the President, to a board
unknown to the Constitution and laws ; and
II. They set up the standard of education
as prescribed in the schools, and thus preclude
from public office every man who has not re-
ceived the benefit of a liberal education ; thus
creating, too, a governmental class to be com-
posed of the sons of the rich, to the exclusion
of the sons of the poor, in violation of the
most essential principle of republican institu-
tions.
I shall briefly consider these objections in
the order in which I have stated them.
I. The regulations, in their practical effect,
are unconstitutional. In relation to the power,
duty, and discretion of the President, as pre-
scribed by the Constitution in making appoint-
ments, I cannot do better than refer to an
opinion of Attorney General Akerman, deliv-
ered upon this very subject, August 31, 1871,
in which he states the constitutional princi-
ples applicable to appointments by the Presi-
dent, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, with great clearness and force,
ile says:
"If to appoint is merely to do a formal act, that is,
merely to authenticate a selection not made by the
appointing power, then there is no constitutional
objection to the designation of officers by a competi-
tive examination, or any other mode of sclcction
which Congress may prescribe or authorize. But if
appointment implies an exercise of judgment and
will, tho officer must bo selected according to tho
judgment and will of the person or body in whom
the appointing power is vested by tho Constitution ;
and a mode ot selection which gives no room for tho
exercise of that judgment and will ia inadmissible.
It tho President in appointing a marshal, if the
Senate in appointing its Secretary, if a court or head
of Department in appointing a eh'ik, must take th©
individual whom a civil «Hrvico board adjudgo to
havo proved himself the fittest by the test of a com-
petitive examination, the will aud judgment which
determine that appointment arc not the will and
judgment of the Pi esideut, of the Senate, of the court,
or of too head ot Department, but are t he will and
■judgment ot the civil sorvico board, and that board
is vivi.ually tho appointing power.
"Viewing tho appoiuling power conferred in tho
Constitution as a substantial, and not merely a nom-
inal function, I cannot but believe that the judgment
and will ot the constitutional depositary of that
power should bo exercised in every appointment.
Tho power was lodged where it is becu-uhothc makers
of tho Constitution, after careful consideration,
thought that in no oi her depositaries of it could tho
judgment and tho will to make proper appointments
so certainly be found. They aligned it to function-
aries whowero expected t9 have an adequate knowl-
edge of in en and of afT.tirs, to have capacity for
public business, j'.ud to feel iet>ponf-iblo to conscienco
and to tho opinion of good citizens. As a further
sccuriiy, they placed tho powcrin the hands of those
who would haveaparticularmterestin usingit well.
If a legislative body is Hl-olTicered, tho members
cannot do their work with case or advantage; there-
fore, each branch of Congress chooses its officers.
Without efficient scrvitois, a court of law is impo-
tent; therefore, Cougress m;iy vest appointments in
courts. The first need of tho head of a Department
is a body of capable and trusty assistants; therefore.
Congress may vest appointments in the heads of
Departments. In all cases not thus provided for the
appointment is with the President, whose success in
his weightv charge essentially depends on tho com-
petency of tho appointees. Thus tho reasonsfor the
constitutional provisional! forbid that any judgment
and wilt but those of tho constitutional appointing
power should havo legal operation, in the matter ot
tho appointment.
" The most important civil appointments are inade
by the President, with the advice and consent of tho
Senate. If Congress can compel the President to
nominate a person selected by others,it can compel
tho Senate to advise and consent to tbat nomma-
tion. If the foremost man in thecompetitivo test
is entitled to the office, that test must be conclusive
upou all whose action is required to place him in
the ofiicc; and, in fact, the action of all of them is
merclv formal, except that of tho judges m the test.
But, advice and consent imply an excrciso of judg-
