1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1351
so far as I can find, in'relation to lakes; and the
question is, what principle shall govern them?
I hold, Mr. President, that the land officers
can sell just what is surveyed and platted, and
nothing outside or beyond. They are agents
with defined powers, and what they do outside
those powers is void. What the surveyor has
surveyed and the President by proclamation
has offered for sale is subject to sale, and noth-
ing else. What the Government sells is the
squares and parallelograms laid down on the
township plat. Wordsand pictures are mean-
ingless if the purchaser in buying a piece of
land whose corners are established and lines
measured, and a plat of which is made, gets
land outside these lines and in contempt of
the corners.
Take this Beaver lake for illustration. It
was some seven miles in length. It was never
surveyed. The lands arounditwere, andplats
made. These, as well as the field-notes,
showed that the lands surveyed extended to
the lake, but not into it. If the theory con-
tended for be true, then Dunn in buying a
fraction of twenty-five acres abutting on the
lake may urge that the parallel lines inclosing
his land, instead of stopping at the margin as
the plat indicates, shall extend three and a
half miles to the center of the lake and em-
brace a parallelogram of soil under it of per-
haps five hundred acres; and all this not-
withstanding the corners laid down on the plat
by which he purchased and the area marked
of twenty-five acres as the estimated quantity
the Government was selling. It is evident that
such a claim, if it has any foundation, must
rest upon construction and not upon anything
expressed in the patent.
And what is this rule of construction? It
is that the grantor must be presumed to have
intended to convey to the center of the lake,
because there are no words of limitation in
the patent. But this begs the question. The
limitation is found in the survey and plat.
The fallacy consists in likening the grant to
one made by a natural person. Where a man
owns land upon the bank of a river and to the
middle of a stream, he may limit his sale to
high or low water mark. He may sell the bed
separately, or he may sell all he owns. Whether
hejias in a given case sold all is a question of
construction upon the language used in his
deed. I admit the general rule to be that if
he sells his land bounding it by the river, it
will be presumed that he reserved nothing,
unless there are words manifesting that inten-
tion. His power to sell the whole is un-
doubted; and just here his case differs from a
register of a land office, whose power is
restricted to selling the block of land bounded
by four lines on the plat before him.
Therefore it is, Mr. President, I have no
faith that Condit and Dunn bought the bed of
Beaver lake. When the Government had
disposed of all the public lauds which it bad
surveyed and brought into market, the bed of
this lake belonged to the United States or to
the Slate of Indiana. If to the State, then
this bill simply confirms her title and settles
the controversy.
What then, sir, are the reasons in support
of the claim of the State? In arguing this
question 1 must go back to the time when the
Commonwealth of Virginia, in the midst of
our revolutionary struggle and before the Con-
stitution had its birth, owned the whole of the
northwestern territory to the Mississippi river.
It was in 1780 that the old Congress of the
United States recommended to the several
States in the Union having claims to waste
and unappropriated lands in the western coun-
try a lib^jal cession to the United States for
the common benefit of the Union. Virginia
promptly and nobly responded to the appeal.
On the 20th of December, 1783, her General
Assembly authorized her Delegates in Congress
to convey to the United States in Congress
assembled, tor the benefit.of the States, alt the
right, title, and claim, as well of soil as juris-
diction, which that Commonwealth had within
the limits of her charter, situate to the north-
west of the river Ohio.
If it be said that that charter had been many
years before annulled by solemn judgment of
the King's Bench, I reply that Virginia still
laid claim to the land, had conquered it by her
arms and defended its possession. More-
over, the Congress recognized the claim in
the proposition for its cession. When the
delegates of Virginia proceeded to make the
deed of cession they did not make an abso-
lute, unconditional one. No, sir; it was a con-
veyance upon certain conditions and trusts.
And now I call the attention of the Senate to
these conditions.
The territory so ceded was to be laid out
and formed into States. They were to be re-
publican States and admitted members of the
Federal Union, having the same rights of sov-
ereignty, freedom, and independence as the
other States. Certain expenses of Virginia in
acquiring and defending the territory were to
be reimbursed. Certain French and Canadian
settlers were to have their possessions and titles
confirmed to them. A certain body of land
was to be set apart to the officers and soldiers
of the regiment of General George liogers
Clarke. Another body between the Scioto
and Miami rivers was set apart to satisfy the
bounties promised by Virginia to her troop3
upon the continental establishment. And
then, sir, the whole imperial remainder, so
vast in its proportions that since that time five
great States in xhe Northwest have been carved
trom it, wasbyt.he terms of this deed to be con-
sidered a common fund for the use and benefit
of the Sta :-s then members of the Confedera-
tion and such as thereafter should becomc
members. And these lands were to be faith-
fully disposed of for that purpose ; that is, to
create this common fund tor the benefit of all
the States.
Sir, the trusts imposed in this grant are clear
and explicit. Before the delegates of Virginia
executed this deed of cession, that Common-
wealth owned the soil and had sole municipal
jurisdiction over it. Virginia was its sovereign.
Her laws were supreme. I cannot find in the
Articles of Confederation a single power which
the old Congress could exercise outside the
limits of the States, but the single one of reg-
ulating the trade and managing the affairs with
the Indians not members of any of the States.
There is not a single assertion of jurisdiction
besides this. But for this purpose it must be
admitted the sovereignty of the United States
extended there. When Virginia parted with
the soil and municipal jurisdiction she pos-
sessed, she provided in explicit terms that this
sovereignty should be held in trust for the time
being by the United States, but to reappear
and be vested in the States formed out of the
territory. For, mark you, sir, it was to be laid
out and formed into States, and into such States
as then constituted the Union, and these'Statcs
were to have the same rights of sovereignty as
Virginia and New York then had, no more
and no less. Tliey were not to be lesser lights
in the Union, but full-orbed States, with every
attribute of sovereignty which the proudest
possessed. It is clear, therefore, that when
the time arrived, and a new State carved from
this territory was admitted into the sisterhood
of States, the trust of the United States was
limited and restricted to the simple disposal
of the lands that remained. There remained
over the new State such national sovereignty
only as existed over the other States. What
is said by the Supreme Court of the United
States in Pollard's Lessee vs. Hagau et al. (3
Howard,) is equally true of Indiana. The court
said:
" The right of Alabama and every other new State
to exercise all the powers ofjfovorimieiitwiiich belong
to and may be exercised by the original States of tile
Union, must be admitted and remain unquestioned
except so far as they arc temporarily deprived of
control of the public lands."
The subject of controversy in that cele-
brated case was a body of land on the Ala-
bama river which, at the time the State of
Alabama was admitted into the Union, was
below high-water mark. By the receding of
the waters or by alluvion the land became
dry, and the United States "undertook to con-
vey it by patent. The court held, first, that
the shores of navigable waters and the soils
under them were not granted by the Consti-
tution to the United States, but were reserved
to the States respectively ; secondly, the new
States have the same rights, sovereignty, and
jurisdiction over this subject as the original
States ; thirdly, the right of the United States
to the public lands, and the power of Con-
gress to make all needful rules and regulations
for the sale and disposition thereof, conferred
no power to grant to the plaintiffs, who held
the patent of the United States, the land in
controversy in that case. This decision would
seem to be conclusive upon the question.
Tf we turn to the enabling act of Congress
of April 19, 1816, we find that the inhabitants
of the Territory of Indiana were authorized to
form for themselves a constitution and State
government, and to assume such name as
they deemed proper; and that the Stale, when
formed, should be admitted into the Union
upon the same footing with the original States.
This was the second grand step taken in the
execution of the trust imposed by Virginia's
deed of cession. Ohio had already been ad-
mitted into the Union, and for fourteen years
exercised the same powers of sovereignty with
the original States. The people of Indiana
met in convention on the 10th of June, 1816,
and by an ordinance accepted the propositions
of Congress and proceeded to form a constitu-
tion of State government.
This, then, Mr. President, is the result:
when Indiana was admitted into the Union
she was invested with a sovereignty as com-
plete over the territory within her borders as
Virginia ever possessed before her deed of
cession; nay more, with the same sovereignty
and jurisdiction which Virginia possessed
within her limits as a State. Nothing of
municipal jurisdiction remained to the United
States except such as was necessary to sell the
public lands, prevent trespasses upon them,
and to shield them from taxation.
Besides this power to dispose of and make
all needful regulations respecting the public
domain, the jurisdiction of the General Gov-
ernment within Indiana was no greater than in
any other State. Exclusive legislation and au-
thority may be exercised by the United States
only over such places as are ceded by the States
for the seat of government, or for the purchase
of forts, magazines, arsenals, &c. The Senate
will not fait to notice how zealous were the
people of the States in admitting within their
jurisdiction the combined national and munici-
pal authority of the United States. It is limited
carefully to such parcels of ground as were
necessary for a seat of government and the
needful public buildings the Government must
have in the Slates. Had it been the under-
standing that the banks and beds of navigable
rivers and lakes should be reserved for like
exclusive legislation, they certainly would
have been mentioned.
Now, sir, nearly forty years have passed
since the public lands in northern Indiana,
where this lake lies, have been surveyed and
brought into market. Every foot has been
sold that the Government thought worth sur-
veying. Nothing remains there of what was
ceded by Virginia except the beds of the lakes
and rivers. These were not' surveyed for the
double reason, 1 suppose, that they could not
be, and were not thought fit subjects of pri-
vate ownership. Does, it not follow that the
municipal jurisdiction of the State must of
necessity extend over these, and that the
United States, having executed their trust in
selling the public domain, have no longer any
authority and jurisdiction over the shores and
beds of the navigable rivers and lakes ?
