1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bounty heretofore paid; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer a petition from
soldiers who served as privates in the Army of
the United States, in which they ask for a law
giving to pensioners and all those entitled to
receive pensions, all arrears of pension ; and
also to each and every soldier and the widows
and orphans of deceased soldiers, equal boun-
ties. The person who sends this, says it is
composed of privates from Cordova, Illinois,
and he says they are "all true and tried men,
not cracker-boy generals." I move the refer-
ence of the petition to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER also presented the memorial
of the Georgia annual conference of the Afri-
can Methodist Episcopal Church, praying the
passage of the supplementary civil rights bill;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HOWE presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, in favor of an appro-
priation for the erection of a light-house at the
entrance of Sturgeon bay, and to place buoys
in the channel of said bay ; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
He also pieseuted a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, in favor of the erection
of a custom-house and post office at Green
Bay in that Sla'e; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, in favor of the removal
of certain roaming bands of Indians to their
western reservation; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, in favor of the passage of
laws for the protection of the navigation on
the St. Croix river, and an appropriation for
the improvement thereof; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, in favor of authorizing
the board of managers of the National Asylum
for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers to transfer
a parcel of ground to that State for the use of
an asylum lor the orphans of deceased sol-
diers ; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. COLE. I present a joint resolution of
the Legislature of California, setting forth that
the public lands of that State have been sub-
jected to location with scrip and warrants of
various kinds in such a way that a large por-
tion of the public lands of that State have been
taken up by persons in large quantities, setting
forth the great inconvenience to settlers in that
State on that account, and asking the action
of Congress to secure the remaining portion
of the public lands in that State to actual home-
stead and preemption settlers. I move that
this resolution he referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER presented amemorial of
the Legislature of Michigan, in favor of an
appropriation for the immediate completion of
the harbor at the mouth of the Sheboygan
river; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Michigan, fate soldiers in the United States
Army, praying the passage of a law at an early
day making an equitable equalization of the
bounties of all soldiers, sailors, and marines
who served honorably and faithfully during
any period of the war; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. KELLOGG presented three petitions
of citizens of Louisiana, praying Congress to
extend over that State the provisions of the
act entitled '-An act to enforce the rights of
citizens of the United States to vote in the
several States of the Union, and for other
purposes," approved February 28, 1871; which
were referred to the Committee on Privileges
and Elections.
Mr. WRIGHT presented additional papers
in the case of Maria L. Hammer, of Iowa City,
Iowa, praying relief from Congress for ser-
vices rendered by her during the late war;
which were referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
He also presented additional papers in the
case of the application of 0. C. Evans for the
extension of a patent; which were referred to
the Committee on Patents.
Mr. WJNDOM presented four petitions of
citizens of Minnesota, praying the equaliza-
tion of soldiers' bounties; which were referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SCOTT presented additional papers in
the case of Elizabeth Harding for a pension;
which were referred to the Committee on Peu-
sions.
Mr. CLAYTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Arkansas, praying for the removal of
the United States district court of the western
district of Arkansas from Fort Smith to Van
Buren; which were referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the memorial of
A. E. B. Ridgeley, heir, &c., of Springfield,
Ohio, praying indemnification for spoliations
committed by the French prior to the year
1801; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Ohio, representing that a desolating famine
exists in many districts of the Persian nation,
and praying Congress to adopt such measures
as they may think best to bring the subject
before the public mind, and provide ways and
means for collecting and disbursing the chari-
ties of the benevolent who may wish to re-
member them in their adversity ; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
He also presented a memorial of workers in
stone quarries and proprietors of the same, and
other mechanical arts, citizens of Lorain and
Cuyahoga counties, Ohio, remonstating against
a change of the existing tariff laws abating or
abolishing duties upon such articles as are
successfully produced in this country ; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MORTON presented the petition of
Nathaniel J. Beachley, of Bridgeport, Indi-
ana, praying the passage of a special act
granting $350 for his relief, for services ren-
dered by him; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of John
Smith, a soldier of the war of 1812, praying
a pension of $8 33f per month ; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CARPENTER presented a memorial
of wool-growers of Waukesha county, Wis-
consin, remonstrating against a reduction of
the duty on wool; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
the United States, asking that measures be
taken for the relief of the starving poor in
Persia; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CASSERLY. I present the memorial
of the Legislature of the Stale of California,
in regard to the present condition of the
Territory of Arizona. It sets forth very strongly
and with earnest feeling the deplorable state
of the white people in that Territory. It
alleges that so far as the security of life and
property is concerned the condition of the
Territory never was worse than it is at present;
the ravages of the Indians never were bolder
or more afflicting in their results. It is tin
authentic expression of the judgment and of
the feelings of the people of California, in
regard to the dangers and sufferings of the
people of that Territory. It is a statement
which must appeal, 1 think, to all the best
impulse? of our nature. The substantial sug-
gestion of it is, that until the Apaches have felt
thoroughly and severely, once for all, the strong
arm of the Government, it is useless to hope
for any improvement in the existing position
of affairs. I must say, Mr. President, that that
is my own judgment also. I ask that the me-
morial be printed in the Globe, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs
or the Committee on Military Affairs, which-
ever, in the judgment of the Chair, is moat
apnropriate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it is asking
military protection it should be referred, of
course, to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes, sir; it does ask for
military protection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then it will be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The Senator from California desires, as this
is a matter of public concern, that this resolu-
tion be printed in the Globe. The Chair hears
no objection, and that order will be made.
The resolution is as follows:
Whereas we are fully assured that the following
statements are true: that the inhabitants of the
Territory of Arizona are now, and for years past
have been, the victims of the most fruel outrages at
tho hands of the Apacho Indians; thathuodreda of
them, including women and children, havo been
murdered by these savages within the last few years;
that neither homes nor property in that Territory,
outside the principal towns, are safe from savage
incursion; that in but exceptional places can any
high-road be traveled without great danger; that
many of the citizens of our own State, while there
on business, have fallen victims to these Indians;
that at no timo in the history of that Territory have
the Indians been more hostile, or the lives and prop-
erty of tho people less sate,than within tho pasttwo
months; that the nation is rich enough to afford and
strong enough to enforce protection to its people
living in its own territory and under its own fluff, as
well as to those abroad in other lands; that for tho
murder of the lowest number of its citizens, who
have been slain by these savages in Arizona in any
two months in the last two years, tho United States
Governmont would have declared war against every
power in Europe had its citizens been so murdered
there for want of proper protection from European
powers; that the feeling and belief is universal on
tho part of tho pcoplo of this State, and wo believe
of tho Pacific slope, that when General Crook was
sent to Arizona he was tho right man in the light
place; that he is as humane as enerftetie, and that
if allowed sufficient means, and give i the discretion
to which his experience in the management of In-
dian affairs entitle him, and not interfered with in
his operations, he will in a brief period arrest this
reign of terror and blood, and give security to the
long-suffering peoplo of this Territory; and whereas
we do most seriously believe that in all the land no
such prompt and ctficient measures are required for
the protection of our people as in the territory oi
Arizona : Therefore,
Be it reeohed by the senate, (the assembly concur-
ring,) That it is tlie duty of the Government of tho
United States to give the most prompt and efficient
protection to the people of Arizona against tho
Apache Indians; that ail attempts to treat wita or
otherwise to appease them, unul. they are made to
feel the power of the Government, will prove futile
ill the future, as they have in the past, and must
result only in encouraging these savages to continue
deeds of carnage.
2. That in no other way can this protection be so
promptly and efficiently extended to our suffering
brethren in Arizona as by furnishing General Crook
with ample means, and by giving him the largest
discretion in the course to be pursued toward tho
savages. .
3. Th at th e President of the li mted b tales be, and
he is hereby, urged and implored to provent further
interference with tho military operations ot General
Crook, otherwise than by aiding his dtsi&ns, until
these savages arc subdued and the people of Arizona
are made secure in their lives, homes, and property.
4. That his excellency tho Governor this State
be requested to telegiaph these resolutions and the
preamble to the same to the President of the United
States; that he cause to bo sent, copies of tho same
to each of the Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress of the Pacific States and Territories, and to
each of the Governors of the same, and that oui
Senators, in Congress be instructed, and our Repre-
sentatives requested, to urge upon the Government
at Washington such action m the premises as is indi-
cated by these resolutions. ^ PARLEY
President pro tempore of the SencUe.
T. B. SHANNON.
Speaker of the Assembly.
Mr NORWOOD presented the petitions of
James W. McDonald, John 0. McDonald,
Patrick Welch, B. S. Pelot, and H. H. Smith ;
oi 0. P. Fitzsimmoos and J. xUotte Alston ;
0f M. Gairdner, widow of J. P. Gairdner, all
of Augusta county, Georgia; and of H. K.
Gairdner, heir and for the eoneir.s of James
Gairdner, of Elberton, Georgia, praying in-
demnity for spoliations committed by the
French prior to the year 1801; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
