1ST2.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Extension of Ku Klux Act—Mr. Alcorn.
Senate.
legislation whose violence cost them, with
good cause, whatever the stranger had
Failed to destroy of the confidence and affec-
tion of their old-time servants. But the four-
teenth amendment, followed by the acts of re-
construction, intervened for the protection of
the negro,. The feeling whioh bad made the
residuum left by the Federal army at the South
a power of division, had thus been stimulated
by a self-interest which made it a power of
hate. The original representatives of this
curse on southern society became, from the
moment at which the negro was given the polit-
ical franchise, recruited by hordes of northern
adventurers who had caught scent of strife
and prey from afar off. And from that time to
this there has existed in the political life of
the South a body of men who, having no inter-
ests or sympathies in common with the people
among whom they live, have come among
them, as thieves who ply their trade by setting
fire to houses, to inflame and to plunder.
Northern men there a,re who have come
since the war into the South, acquisitions to
her political and her industrial well-being.
Some of these br'ought capital; some brought
skill; some brought hands able and willing t'o
labor. Whenever political distinction has
fallen up'an any of these, it has, as a rule, done
so under the legitimacy existing in the fact
that it has fallen upon men bound in interest
and sympathy with the, people of the South.
But in and out of the national Legislature there
are northern men who hold official positions
subject to a continuance of the abnormal con-
dition of things incident to a transition from
the sword to the law. Pitchforked into public
place by revolution, these people know lull
• well that they will once more find their proper
level in the obscurity into which they must
return on a complete restoration of political
repose, The personal ambition and the per-
sonal profit of these adventurers place them in
conflict with the general interests of society ;
and make them, in fact, enemies of the human
race to, the extent of their hostility to that
political concord and fraternal feeling which
is a necessity of the prosperity of the North as
well as of the South. _ .
The Senator has correspondents m Missis-
sippi, and a letter that ho wrote to one of these
at the tipae of his attack on me and my State
I desire to read for the purpose of showing
the part that he naturally enough feels free to
play here in his suppositious character of a
representative of Mississippi. I present this
exhibition of his discharge of duty to the peace
and concord of the constituency within and
without the shadows of his residence at Nat-
chez : Washington, March 30,1871.
Dear Sir : I send you a copy of my speech. You
will see that I take issue with the (governor. 1 tallt
as X did when X hold his place. It seems to me that
were I in his place now, with tho power he says he
has, I would give the protection I did then, and not
have my friends killed by tens and hundreds as they
are being killed now. I think he is guilty ot a
sin in acting as he does. X can have no sympathy
with a man who gains power or favor, as he does,
with the Democracy at the price of blood, and that
" the blood of his friends.
Yours, truly, A. AMlib.
Hon. C. F. Norris. Jackson, Mississippi.
Now, sir, this man C. F. Norris, to whom
the Senator wrote that letter, was a representa-
tive from the county of Hinds. He was a can-
didate before the people of that county for re-
election, but he was not reelected, nor was he
renominated. He is a drunken barber-—a col-
ored man of passion. The Senator tells that
ignorant man deliberately that the Governor of
the State cultivates the good opinion of the
Democracy—made up of the whites alone at
the price of the blood of the people of colorl
This outrageous appeal to the passions of race
deserves universal reprobation 1 He tells that
poor fellow, who had been kept so long m the
ignorance of slavery, that the Governor of the
State looked on wickedly while the colored peo-
ple were being murdered by hundreds I Aware,
though I w,as ofthe Senator's r$lein Mississippi,
I confess I could not have supposed, on any
evidence less conclusive than liis. own hand-
writing that he could have perpetrated bo
abominable an act ot! incendiarism! Now, sir,
what is the fact? , I undertake to say that
instead of being killed by hundreds, the whole
number of murders committed on colored
people while I was Governor, of the State,
including those killed by blacks as well as
those killed by whiter, did not amount during
that period of transition froni the sword to the
law, to so many as half the number by which
the gentleman says they are made to disappear
in each fell swoop of his system of murder 1 Of
a verity the State of Mississippi, the people of
Mississippi, white and colored, ought to cry
hosannah to the fidelity of this their accurate,
their, loving representative.
I appeal to the honor of the Senate, to the
intelligence of tho people of this country, to
know whether this is the course to be pursued
by one who stands here commissioned to rep-
resent the people of the State of Mississippi?
Is this the way to bring about peace and order
in the land ? Is this the way to harmonize
the races in Mississippi in order to bring
about that feeling of good order and concilia-
tion so necessary to the repose of the State?
Is this the part that a Senator in the Congress
of the United States should play toward his
people? Ah, Mr. President, the conditions
upon which that Senator holds his seat here
are the conditions of violence among the peo-
ple he is supposed, to represent. That vio-
lence having subsided, he knows full well that
he will have looked his last upon a continu-
ance of the mockery by which he stands here
a representative of Mississippi under such
jibes as that with whiph readers of the Con-
gressional Directory regard his residence at
Natchez! .
My colleague has taunted me with having
been supported by the Mississippi Democracy.
The fullness of my representative character
as a Senator rests certainly on the fact that I
stand here by the suffrage of every man, white
and black, Democrat and Republican, in the
Legislature of my State. And I am proud, sir,
to confess that holding the good of my State
and my country superior to the magpie-cnes
of faction, I sought and received in my earnest
anxiety for goo4 feeling and political quiet
the moral support of all that was wise and
patriotic without distinction of party among
the people of Mississippi. My appeal to the
law-abiding citizens of that State gave the
countenance of the best of all classes to my
efforts at pacification; and that countenance
was highly valuable when I came into office
under circumstances which made the employ-
ment of meiely physical force at once objec-
tionable and inefficient for arresting the reac-
tion incident to a withdrawal of the repressions
ofthe sword. And I acknowledge with pleasure
the service rendered the cause of law and
order—the cause to which the gentleman s
political interests are opposed—by the best men
among the Democracy ofthe State, with a grati-
tude none the less because it was rendered in a
generous confession of the righteousness and
singleness of my own purposes. And to this
extent I thank my colleague for his taunt that
I had enlisted the support of thes Democracy
of Mississippi. , , . ,
Duty faithfully discharged inspires me wrth
calm indifferen.ee to the anathema of faction.
I am what is a misfortune in the eyes of small
partisans, the manner of man who dares to be
anything at the prompting of judgment and
conscience. When men saw me dare to be a
I Republican in Mississippi because I ieit that
such was my duty in 1869, they may rest very
fully assured that I would have dared, to be a
Democrat if 1 felt such was my duty in 1871.
Political ambition cannot he held to have
governed me in my adhesion to Republican-
ism.. When the Republican party in Mis-
sissippi lay, in 1868 trampled in defeat I
jfas called by its routed leaders tq the rescue.
Political intelligence in the ranks of the victor
and in the ranks of tlie vanquished declared,
I may be pardoned, for stating, that in the
next cpntest victory would perch on the ban-
ner taken up.by ine. , Offered the Governor-
ship by.the victorious Democrats, offered the
short and the long term in this Senate by the
victorious Democrats, on the condition ot pay
support, I gave, withjthe rewards of ambition
at my service on either side, that support to
the defeated Republicans under a sense of
duty to the State and nation. Having led the
party, with which I then affiliated from a mi-
nority of nearly eigit thousand, in one swoop
to a majority of thirty-eight thousand, Lean
afford to laugh to scorn any pretended suspi-
cion of my sincerity as a Republican.
I became a Republican, sir, for good reason.
As a property-holder I became a Republican
in order to develop the enforced labor of the
slave into the voluntary industry of the free-
man. As a humanitarian I became a Repub-
lican in order to make good to the helpless
negro the protection of the, ballot. As a Mis-
sissippian I became a Republican, because I
saw that the spirit of faction- here would not
do justice to my State until it had ceased to be
.dragged at the heels of the forlorn hope of
Democracy, As an American citizen bound
by ft loyal gratitude for the nation's grace, T
became a Republican in order to do my duty
to my country by aiding her to lenter.on the
repair of the ruin of war ,in that full tide of
prosperity which cannot b.e looked for save in
a restoration of civil order and social concord.
And so long as these considerations^ which
le.ad me into the Republican party continue in
the very full force with which they operate to-
day, I shall doubtless see proper of my own
good pleasure to continue in the party, not-
withstanding my high consideration.for the
excommunications of these magnates whose
clap-trap would be applied with more propriety
in making theatrical thunder for primaries!
I stated in my dispatch that I was suffi-
ciently powerful to protect the people of the
State. Was I justified at the time in making
that statement? I was elected Governor
by a majority of thirty-eight thousand votes.
With such a majority at my back was I not
justified in protesting that 1 was able to pro-
tect the people of the State? Was it a fact
that this large majority of the State stood at
the mercy of a minority? • In behalf of the
manliness of my supporters I say no, sir!
If I was not able to enforce the law by the
power of the State I would have resigned my
office and have gone home to my family. -
The power was sufficient ifit had been, as I
had good reason to suppose that it would be,
given to me. A provision in our constitution
allows the Legislature to pass a law authoriz-
ing a change of venue. I* asked the Legisla-
ture to give me that power in the cases of out-
rase which were being committed in different
parts of the State, in order that I might bring
the offenders to justice where the law could
be administered without intimidation, cut
the Legislature refused to give me the power
to change the venae. The refusal was accom-
plished by a combination in the Legislature
between carpet-baggers and Democrats a
combination of blind passion on the one faattd
and of unscrupulous craft on the other, for the
purpose of defeating me in my attempts to
enforce the laws. The Senator's-friends%ere
included in the majority thus obtained, and
