1872.
the congressional globe.
3143
voyages : Provided, That steamships of notlessthan
fifteen hundred tons register, and wholly con-
structed m the United States, shall perform said
service, after being accepted therefor in the usual
manner by the Postmaster General; and that said
vessels may be taken, in case of war, for the service
of the United States, at a reasonable compensation.
And the Postmaster General and the other parties
to this service shall be, and are hereby, authorized
to make any changes, by adding to or leaving out
Mexican ports, which the interests of the PostOffice
X)epartmcnt and the generul intercourse between
the two countries may require. And the said con-
tract shall be for a period- not exceeding ten years,
commencing the 1st of January, 1873, at a cost not
exceeding $150,000 per annum.
Mr. MOKfON. I inquire if that provides
for iron steamers?
Mr. WEST. I will accept an amendment
of that kind. This suggestion having been
made to me by several Senators in my vicinity,
I move to perfect the amendment by adding
aftertheword "constructed, " in line fourteen,
the words "of iron."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
modiGes his amendment as stated.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think this prop-
osition is in order, but I will not raise the
point of order, because the Senate has decided
it to be in order, practically.
The PRESIDiNG OFFICER. The Chair
■was about to state that he would submit this
case to the Senate.
Mr. WEST. Just let me say a word on that
proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish not to be under-
stood as raising the point of order, because if
the last proposition was in order, t,hi3 is.
Mr. WEST. The Presiding Officer having
submitted the question to the Senate, I am
quite well satisfied, perhaps, that this is not
exactly in order ; but as the Senate has been
swallowing camels al! day it might as well
swallow this little gnat. If it is not germane
to the hill, it is certainly germane to the wishes
of tho Senate, as manifested on two previous
occasions, they having passed this proposition
as a separate bill in another form. This is
the only thing we want for the Guif of Mexico.
I think no point of order should be raised
on it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is any point of order
raised ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
proposed to submit the question to the Senate,
as in the judgment of the Chair it was differ-
ent from the other proposition.
Mr. EDM USDS. I merely wish to say, in
all seriousness, that I think it fairly within the
principle we adopted as to the Australian line.
1 he difference is merely geographical. I shall
certainly vote that this is in order, because the
Senate has decided so in the other case, not
because 1 should have thought so originally.
Mr. WEST. I think it is conceded. I
move the adoption of the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection, and the question will be
put on the amendmeut.
Mr. KELLOGG. I understand that upon
the point of order the Senate have heretofore
ruled in such a manner upon the Australian
amendment as to permit lliit, to be received.
Mr. WEST. No point uf order is made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No point uf
order is made.
Mr. KELLOGG. I was conversing with a
Senator and thought the question was to be
submitted to the Senate. I am glad the prop-
osition is received without question.
Mr. SCOTT. Did we decide that it was in
order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
put the question, and no objection was made.
Mr. SOOn1. I voted against the adoption
of this amendment to the rule ; but the Sen-
ate having adopted it, I want to get the ben-
efit of it, because I do think there is so clear
a distinction between the amendment now pro-
posed and the one which the Senate, errone-
ously as I think, decided to be in order, that
we ought not to stultify ourselves by going in
the face of our rule.
The ground upon which the former amend-
ment was decided to be in order was that we
had commenced a route aiouud the world by
going from San Francisco to Honolulu, and
that having started to circumnavigate the
globe, it was in order to hitch on link by link
until we got around to the point where we
started from. Now, here there is no appro-
priation starting frotn any place to get to New
Orleans; and yet we propose to hitch on an
amendment starting from New Orleans to go
to Havana.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is only necessary to
extend it around Europe to Australia!
Mr. SCOTT. That is all. I understood the
point of order was made, and I hope we shall
vote upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state that the point of order was made
and withdrawn. The Chair stated his doubt
of the admissibility of the amendment, and
submitted it to the Senate in order that they
might vote upon it. Objection is now made,
however, and the Chair will submit the ques-
tion to the Senate, "Shall the amendment be
received?"
Mr. WEST. I am convinced that if the
question is put on that proposition the vote
will be adverse. But we do not propose to
stultify ourselves ; we merely propose to sus-
pend that rule by consent in this case, inas
much as the Senate has on two previous occa-
sions by its vote in February, 1871, and at the
last session of the Forty-First Congress and
here within the last two weeks, conceded the
point that we ought to have this service. If
jou raise the point of order on us, of course
we are gone. W e wan t this propositiou accepted
by the Senate without any point of order.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want the Senate to vote
understandingly. I hold in my hand Senate
bill No. 507, which is a proposition precisely
like the pending one. If the Senate shall rule
this in order, I shall certainly offer that as an
amendment, providing for mail service from
New Yoik to Vera Cruz, Mexico.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I do not doubt that
there may be some merit in this line; but it
appears to me that we should consider it sep-
arate and distinct from this bill. For thai
reason I move to lay the motion on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut moves to lay on the
table what—the question of order?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. No; the amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
question is, Shall this amendment be received?
Mr. AN fHONY. I suppose every Senator
knows that this amendment is not m order.
I think we make a gteat mistake when we
reverse our own rules of order for the pur-
pose of accommodating them to measures that
we desire to have passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why did we not think
of that on the Australian amendment?
Mr. ANTHONY. Ididthinkof it, and voted
against it. It seems to ine if we begin in this
way we might, as well repeal all our rules.
The Senator from Louisiana admi.ted that this
is eut of order. Every Senator knowa that it
is ou; of order, i think, if in order to reach
a certain amendment or to pass j certain meas-
ure we go right in the face of the rules we
have adopted, there ceases to be any protec-
tion to the minority, and very soon any order
in the majority.
Mr. WEST. Very true 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before the Sen-
ator from Louisiana proceeds, the Chair will
remind him that he has, uuder the rule, spoken
once on the pending question before the Sen-
ate. The occupant having resumed the Chair,
will state that he concurs with the Senator j
from Louisiana that this amendment does not j
come within the rule, and it requires unani- I
mous consent to entertain it. That view is
subject to appeal. If the Senator from Lou
isiana asks unanimous consent to receive this
amendment, because others have been re-
ceived, the Chair will propound that request to
the Senate; but the Chair cannot entertain it
under the rule unless it is the wish of the Sen-
ate to rescind the rule.
Mr. WEST. The Senator from Louisiana
takes no exception except as to the ruling of
the Chair, which has not been applied to any
other Senator on the floor, in respect to having
spoken twice.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was applied
by the Senator from New York [Mr. Conk-
lixg] making the point upon the Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds.] The Senator
from Louisiana is mistaken in the fact, of
course unintentionally. That point was made
to-day, and the Chair upon examination of the
rules sustained the point against the Senator
from Vermont.
Mr. KELLOGG. Can this question be
submitted to the Senate except by taking an
appeal? Cannot the question be submitted to
the Senate directly.
The^ VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
made his decision in accordance with the rule,
and it is subject now to appeal. The Chair
stated to the Senator's colleague that if he
wished to ask unanimous consent the Chair
would propound that request. There is no
amendment pending
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to the bill. After it is read I will say a
few words upon it.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed amend-
ment, which was to add as an additional sec-
tion the following:
Sec. — That if the contract for the increase of the
mail service between San Francitco jind China and
Japan to a semi-monthly service shai 1 bo made with
the Pacific Mail Steamship Company, or shall be
performed in the said company's ships, or the fefiips
of its successors in interest, the moneys payable un-
der such contract shall be paid while the said com-
pany, or its successors in interest, shall maintain and
run the line of steamships for the transportation of
freight and passengers at present run between New
Yorg and San Francisco, via the Isthmus of Panama,
by the said Pacific Mail Steamship Company, and
no longer.
Mr. CASSERLY. The object of the amend-
ment is to insure the maintenance by the com
pany of its present line between New York
and San Francisco by way of the Isthmus of
Panama. We have given them a very liberal
appropriation now, which, by the terms of it,
is devoted to the line between San Francisco
and Japan and China. But of course noue
of us can couceal from ourselves that this isoo
much added to the means of the company for
keeping up both its lines. The Panama line
is undoubtedly the line of steamers which the
Senator from Michigan, not now in his seat,
[Mr. Chaxdler,] confounded with the Au=tra-
lian line, when he stated a while ago that the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company owned the
Australian line as well as the (Jliina line. That
was not correct. The Pacific Mail Steamship
Company does, however, own another line on
the Pacific ocean, wli'ch is the line between
San Francisco and Panama. It is of great
importance to that coast and to this country
at large that that line should be kept up.
I say that on two grounds: one is that it
furnishes a very important conveyance of
freight and passengers in addition to that fur-
nished by the Central Pacific railroad. The
other is, as last winter pioved abundantly,
that it may frequently be the only recouise for
the entire commerce between the two sides
of the continent during a blockade upon the
railroad. The relief which was last winter
rendered to the entire community on both
sides of the continent by the fortunate circum-
stance of the existence of that line is a com-
plete demonstration, it seems to me, of the
absolute necessity of keeping it up.
It appears to me that having voted to pay
$l,u00,000 annually to this company for keep-
