1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4039
moment into a discussion of it. I repeat that
I will not do anything to prevent, its considera-
tion whenever we can do it deliberately, but I
do humbly protest against its going through
■without such a consideration as will occur if
it is not read and debated.
Mr. WEST. I move to lay the report under
consideration on the table.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope not. There is
not a bill before this Congress so important as
this identical bill. I hope the Senate will pro-
ceed with its consideration until we have final
action upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The motion is not debat-
able. The Senator from Louisiana moves to
lav the conference report on the table.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope not.
The motion was not agreed to, there being,
on a division—ayes 22, noes 31.
Mr. STEWAR 1'. I now ask that the bill be
reported as amended—the whole of it. Read-
ing the amendments by numbers does not
answer the purpose. I want the bill read as
it will stand under this report.
Mr. SPENCER. I hope the Senator will
not insist upon that.
Mr. STEWART. I shall insist upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Nevada asks that the bill be read as
it will stand if the report of the conference
committee be agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, a sub-com-
mittee of the Committee on Commerce was
appointed especially to examine this bill, of
which 1 had the honor to be one, and that
committee having made a large number of
amendments to it which have been disposed
of in the committee of conference, it is perhaps
proper for me to state that I did not sign the
conference report, because I could not con-
scientiously agree with that report. The com-
mittee struck out many other provisions which,
in my opinion, were necessary for the preser-
vation of the lives of passengers who travel on
steam vessels, and there are quite a number
of these important provisions which I shall
feel it my duty to explain to the Senate when
the matter is before the Senate at the proper
time. I have no objection to the considera-
tion of this report, and it is proper that it should
be considered and disposed of, but I desire at
the proper time to give my reasons for dis-
agreeing to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. As the reading of the
bill will occupy more than the two minutes
left of the morning hour, I move that the tariff
bill be proceeded with. I am very much in
favor of the bill of the Senator from Michigan,
but. he cannot pass it in two minutes.
Mr. CHANDLER. I shall ask the Senate
to postpone the regular order and proceed with
the consideration of this bill, and I hope the
Senate will stand by me and enable me to
dispose of it to-day. It is really one of the
most important bills we have had before the
body, and I hope its consideration will be pro-
ceeded with. At twelve o'clock I shall ask
the Senate to postpone the regular order and
all other business for the purpose of proceed-
ing with this report until it is finally acted
upon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I take it the Senator can
hardly expect to succeed in that, and it will only
consume time. I hope we shall go on with
the tariff bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do hope to succeed
Mr. SAWYER. I understood the Senator
from Oregon to say that he was one of a sub-
committee to whom this subject was referred.
My impressiou is that it consisted of the Sen-
ator from Oregon and the Senator from Mary-
land, [Mr. Vickers,] and they were the only
members of the Senate who seemed to know
anything about the bill, and now the Senator
from Oregon tells us he refused to sign the
conference report because many provisions
were left out which he thinks essential to the
protection of human life. Under those cir-
cumstances I submit whether it is proper to
consider the bill to-day and postpone the
important measure before us, the tariff bill.
Mr. BLAIR. This bill is essentially the
bill of the House of Representatives, a bill
which the Committee on Commerce had under
consideration for five or six months.
Mr. CONKLING. Which committee?
Mr. BLAIR. The Committee on Commerce
of the House of Representatives. The bill
was reported by that committee and passed by
the House. It has been changed in some
respects, but it is essentially the bill of the
House as sent to us. I think it has great
merit. The bill of 1871 which became a law
was, as was generally understood, drawn up by
the supervising inspectors, and under that bill
Congress abdicated its power of legislation
and placed it in the hands of the supervising
inspectors, who legislated upon everything aud
made every steamboat almost a patent office,
requiring the owners to take every patent that
was reported to be good for any particular
objeet, and place it upon their boat whether it
proved to be of any benefit or not. Thus they
have incumbered ihat interest in such a way
that it has been depressed to a very great ex-
tent. The House committee have undertaken
to place around this bill all the safeguards that
are necessary, and I think they have done so
in a better manner than has ever been done
previously by Congress. I hope the chairman
of the committee will induce the Senate to
give us time to consider and adopt this report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired and the tariff bill is before
the Senate, the pending question being on the
amendment in regard to the labor commis-
sion, so called.
Mr. CHANDLER and Mr. SHERMAN
addressed the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan must be recognized, as he has
given notice of an intention to move to lay
the tariff bill on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was going to make an
appeal to the Senator from Michigan.^ I hope
the Senate will not put aside the tariff bill in
order to continue this matter.
Mr. CHANDLER, Irnove to lay the pend-
ing bill on the table for the purpose of con-
tinuing the consideration of the conference
report on the steamboat bill until we have
final action upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The tariff and
tax bill being before the Senate, the_ Senator
from Michigan moves that it be laid on the
table for the purpose of continuing the con-
sideration of the conference report.
The motion was not agreed to.
message from tub house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherSON, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No.
324) to extend the provisions of an act entitled
•'An act for the final adjustment of private
land claims in the States of Florida, Louisiana,
and Missouri, and for other purposes," with
an amendment; in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the_ House
had passed the following bills; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H, U. No. 1457) for the relief of
Martiu P. Hardin, of Pontotoc county, Missis-
sippi; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1869) for the better secur-
ity of bank reserves, and to facilitate bank
clearing-house exchanges.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow
ing enrolled bills; and they were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 58) to prescribe the time for
holding the election for electors of President
and Vice President in the State of Louisiana;
A bill (S. No. 631) authorizing the construc-
tion of a bridge across the Missouri river at
Brownville, Nebraska; and
A bill (S. No. 828) authorizing the construc-
tion of a bridge across the Missouri river
opposite to or within the corporate limits of
Nebraska City, Nebraska.
tax and tariff bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (II. R.
No. 2322) to reduce duties on imports, and
to reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing question is on the amendment in regard to
the labor commission, so called.
Mr. SHERMAN. I appeal to the Senate to
take a vote now on that subject. We adjourned
on it last night after three hours' debate, and
I hope we shall have a vote now without fur
tlier debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio asks unanimous^ consent that the
Senate proceed to vote on this amendment and
amendments to it without debate. Is there
objection ?
Mr. CONKLING. I want to offer au
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This does not
preclude the offering of amendments.
Mr. CONKLING. The trouble is I cannot
find my amendment at this moment.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are other amend-
ments pending which can be disposed of first.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not waut to agree
to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York objects. The Secretary will
report the first amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] to the
pending amendment.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment to the
amendment, which was in line nine, to stiike
out "one year" and insert " two years ;" so
that the clause will read:
And who shall hold office for a, poriod of two
years from the date of their appointment, unless
their duties shall have been sooner accomplished.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question,
and declared that the noes appearef to have it.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to have a
division on that question. It is an amendment
to give this commission time enough to make
a report, that will be worth having.
Mr. BLAIR. Is it too late to make a point
of order on this amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it is too late, and besides, the point of order
probably would not be good from the fact that
the amendment was introduced by unanimous
consent. The Chair had the Globe here last
evening showing that fact before the rule was
adopted about amendments to this bill being
germane. It was received by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now renew the request
that all debate on this amendment and amend-
ments to it shall be cut off.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio asks that debate on this amend-
ment and amendments that may be offered
thereto shall cease. Is there objection?
Mr. CONKLING. I have not said one word
about this amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York objects.
Mr. CONKLING. I have a brief amend-
ment upon which I desire to say a single word
for about the length of a minute. Therefore,
I hope the Senator will not insist on his
request,.
