4040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May BO,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts demands a division on the
amendment to the amendment striking out
"one year" and inserting "two years."
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected, there being on a division—ayes 9,
noes 82.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to amend the
amendmentbystrikingouttheword "classes "
and inserting the -word " population," in line
fifteen.
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire to say that I do
not see any merit in that amendment. The
Senator from Massachusetts is the second per-
son who felt any real interest in the working
people from whom I have heard that objec-
tion ; I mean the objection to the application
of the word "class" to the working people of
this country. There is no reproach iutended
by it. We speak of the professional classes
of the country, meaning that body of men
■who devote themselves to a particular profes-
sion or professions. There is no imputation
npon them in the use of the word "class."
So when we say "the working classes of the
country" we mean simply that body of men
who make their living by manual labor with
more or less skill. I think it is an excess of
sensitiveness that prompts any objection to
the use of that word. Surely it is not sup-
posed or apprehended that the word "class"
applied to the workingmen of the country
has any such meaning as is implied in the
word "caste," The Senator from Massachu-
setts, I know, would not like to have it under-
stood that by the use of the word "class" any
one means to imply that the worbingman is
never able to rise out of that class or condi-
tion, as is undoubtedly the truth in many
countries of Europe.
I shall not make any opposition to the
amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts if he really desires to have the word
"class" taken out of the bill. I felt called
upon to say what I have said in regard to this
word "class" because the objection to it
seems to me to be pregnant with an inference
that is wholly unfounded. No man can say,
and I am sure the Senator from Massachusetts
would be the last man to say, that there is
anything in the condition of the working peo-
ple ol this country that dooms a workmgman,
and his children after him, to the condition of
labor in which he may be engaged. On the
contrary, the working class of this country is
not a ca^ie. It has furnished its full propor-
tion of trie prosperous men arid of the emi-
nent men of this country; and the Senator
from Massachusetts is an illustration of what
I say.
Mr. WILSON. I'know tlie precious value
of time at the present moment. I will simply
Eay we hear a great deal said in our country
about " higher classes" and "lower classes"
and "working classes" and " my servants."
I never hear such expressions without pain ;
and I do not wish to put in any law that shall
recognize classes in this country of any kind.
I do not like this idea which is thrown out
here about "rising from the working class"
into any other class. I do not believe in
classes in this land of equality. We ought not
to recognize classes, and therefore I shall vote
to strike out the word. This may be a preju-
dice, but my reason, conscience, and heart
cling to it. It matters not where a man was
born, or to what race he belongs, what his
occupation is, if it be an honest one, or whether
he is rich or poor, he is in our Republic of no
class, but of i.he great family of equality.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment, strik-
ing out the word "classes" and inserting
" population."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report tke next amendment to the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
The Chief Clerk. The next amendment
is to strike out "$5,000" andinsert "$3,000."
Mr. WILSON. I will modify that and say
,000. I think $4,000 is about the proper
Mr. HILL. I hope that amendment will
not prevail. I am satisfied that if these com-
missioners half perform the duty this bill
assigns they will be very poorly paid at $5,000.
I think it would be far more profitable to em-
ploy a commission to visit the countries of
Europe and ascertain the condition of laborers
there, or of the working population, if that is
more polite and agreeable, and of other popu-
lations, those who employ and those who are
employed. I am not so fascinated myself
with the mere selection of terms designating
people. In some form almost everybody is a
servant. Sometimes one becomes "a servant
of servants." I think perhaps we have fallen
on that day to some extent. I do not myself
see anything opprobrious in the term "ser-
vant." I generally subscribe myself in my
correspondence to be the " obedient servant"
of whoever I write to. That seems to be
popular usage; and it is a term so common,
so well known to the law, that whenever one
hires another for the time being he becomes
his servant for the particular purpose.
But, as I remarked before, if these commis-
sioners do their duty, if they enlighten the
people of this nation as to the actual condition
of laborers in every county, town, city, hamlet
in the United States, how they are employed,
whether they are sufficiently paid or not,
whether employers are making too much
money out of the labor of those they employ,
it would be well worth $5,000 a year to those
who ascertain all these facts, and I think
$4,000 will not be enough. There is nothing
allowed, as I understand, for traveling ex-
penses. It was said here last evening that it
was to be expected of this commission that
they should roam the country over; they must
go every where; and as there is no allowance
made for traveling expenses, I think $3,000
or $4,000 salary wholly inadequate. The $5,000
would be consumed if they do their duty, and
leave them nothing for performing this labor.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator will allow me
I will withdraw the amendment.
Mr. HILL. And accept the $5,000?
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw the amendment,
and I desire to move another. The bill pro-
vides for a secretary at $1,400. It will be
utterly impossible to get a secretary worth
anything for that sum.
Mr. HILL. I agree with the Senator.
Mr. WILSON. The secretary ought to be
a man of power, fitness, and ability, of an
organizing mind, of great intelligence. There-
fore I withdraw this amendment, and move
that the salary of the secretary, instead of
being $1,400, shall be $2,500, so as to com-
mand the services of a good man.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I hope further
debate on this subject will cease.
Mr. CONKLING. I cannot assent to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, to insert $2,500 as the salary
of the secretary or clerk.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I move now to strikeout
the whole of section one after the word "per-
sons," in line five, andinsert what I will send
to the Chair.
Mr. CASSERLY. Is that amendment
directed to the bill as reported or to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts?
Mr. CONKLING. It is directed to the bill
as it stands now before us in print.
Mr. CASSERLY. The bill as reported ?
Mr. THURMAN. As offered by the Sen-
ator from South Carolina 1
Mr. CONKLING. Yes.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from New York is to
strike out all of section one after the word
"persons," in line five, as follows :
Who shall be selected from civil life, solely with
reference to their character and capacity for an
honest and impartial investigation, arid of whom at
least one shall be practically identified with the
laboring interests of the country, and who shall hold
office for the period of one year from the date oi
their appointment, unless their duties shall have
been sooner accomplished, who shall investigate the
subject of the wages and hours of labor, and of the
division of the joint profits of labor and capital
between the laborer and the capitalist, and the
social, educational, and sanitary condition of the
laboring classes of the United States, and how the
same are affected by existing laws regulating com-
merce, finance, and currency: Pmvided, That said
commissioners shall be appointed irrespective of
political or partisan considerations, and from civil
life.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
To consider and examine the various plans and
methods of raising revenue, to report the best tax
and tariff system they can devise, having regard to
the interests of labor in its relations to capital and
otherwise, and having regard also to the interests of
commerce and of all classes of the American people ;
and said persons shall hold office for one year from
the date of their appointment.
Mr. SAWYER. This seems to me very
much like the revenue commission we had
before and with whom we have dispensed.
Although for one I sympathize in desiring the
object proposed, I do not think it is so well
calculated to meet the special wants of the
time as the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor. I hope, there-
fore, it will not be adopted.
Mr. CONKLING. This proposition, some-
what vague, as all must admit it is, has been
argued on the ground that it would furnish us
light by which to legislate hereafter. It is
offered as an amendment to the tariff bill, a
bill for raising revenue; and was said by the
Senator who offered it to be germane to that
bill. He urged it upon our regard by saying
that the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
and the Finance Committees of Congress relied
upon such kinds of information as he seeks in
framing tax bills. The proposed commission
goes, therefore, if it goes at all, upon the
theory of gathering authoritative and useful
information.
Mr. President, we cannot ignore, and should
not forget the fact that there is in the country
a sentiment and conviction divided, divided
radically, upon the true theory of raising reve-
nue. The question divides parties and factions
of parties, and men of no party. The remark-
able juggle by which the tariff issue was avoided
lately by an unauthorized crowd shows the
fear felt by political managers for the tariff
issue, and the difficulty men have in approach-
ing and solving the question of the tariff.
-The question should be frankly and squarely
met, and if this commission is to be created,
if we are to pay fifteen or sixteen thousand
dollars to inform ourselves in reference to
matters relating to industrial interests, we shall
gain if we direct their investigations to the sub-
ject of taxation and revenue, and also, as my
amendment does, to the interests of labor in
its relations to capital and otherwise. I think
we preserve everything of substance in this
measure, and at the same time we enlarge its
scope so as to take in other crave and urgent
matters.
I do not mean to detain the Senate. I wish
to say for myself that I appreciate thoroughly,
and would never forget, the duty and obliga-
tion we owe in every view to the interests of
labor. I will vote for anything likely to ad-
vance, promote, or protect that interest; and
I offer this amendment believing that it pre-
serves everything of value concerning labor
as a separate interest, and at the same time
adds other things which I hope will commend
it to the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I do not
know who the Senator from New York refers
