1872,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2249
Mr. AMES, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
M. Von Entress Fuersteneck, praying pay of
a second lieutenant, submitted an adverse
report thereon, and the committee were dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
petition.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. E. No. 2031)
for the relief of Peck, Van Horn & Co.,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (fcL. R. No. 101) for the
relief of F. B. Brayton, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2042) for the
relief of Fannie M. Jackson, of Tennessee,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. WINDOM, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (II. B.
No. 1288) for the relief of Sluman S. Bailey,
collector of internal revenue for the fourth
district of Michigan, reported it withoutamend-
ment, and submitted a report thereon ; which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1700) for the
relief of Battelle & Evans, reported it with an
amendment, and submitted a report thereon ;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (II. R. No. 1546) for the
relief of George H. Ruff, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
2046) for the relief of Theodore Adams_, re-
ported it with an amendment, and submitted
a report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
printing or TESTIMONY.
Mr. HOWE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to report the following res-
olution :
llesolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That there be printed oighty-nvo
hundred copies of the report of and testimony taken
before the Ssii&to Committee of Iuvosligu-tioii s-Ett
Retrenchment in. regard to alleged abuses in the
New York custom-house, of which thirty-flve hun-
dred copies shall be for the use of the Senate and
five thousand for tho use of the House of Repre-
sentatives ; also, eight thousand copies of the re-
port exclusive of the testimony, of which three thou-
sand shall be for the use of the Senate, and five
thousand shall be for tho use of the House.
The VICE PRESIDENT.. This is the res-
olution of the Senator from California, [Mr.
Casserly,] reported without amendment.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
bills introduced.
Mr. WEST asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce abill (S. No.
936) relinquishing certain wharf property to
the city of New Orleans ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 937)
canceling the sale of the Brazos de Santiago
military railroad ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 938)
conferring jurisdiction on the Courtof Claims
to hear testimony in informers' moiety cases ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
Drinted.
Mr. LOGAN asked, and by unainmous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
939) for the relief of William H. Atkms and
Jacob D. Felthousen, their heirs and assignees;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. LOGAN. I will state that I introduce
thi's bill at the request of these gentlemen ; I
know nothing about it personally. I move
that it be referred to the Committee on Patents.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
940) for the relief of William Webster, of
Maine; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT (by request) asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 941) to authorize the ex-
tension of patents in certain cases ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 9-12) enabling claimants to lands within
the limits of the Territory of New Mexico to
institute proceedings to try the validity of
their claims ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 943) providing for the transit of merchant
vessels of heavy draught across the bar at the
mouth of the Mississippi river, and for other
purposes ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
AMENDMENT TO APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEWART submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to the bill (H. R.
No. 1323) making appropriations for the con-
sular and diplomatic service of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1873, and
for other purposes ; which was leferred to the
Committee oil Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
3iail costjiacts.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
resume the consideration of House bill No.
1930. It can be disposed of in five minutes.
The motion was agreed to: and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1930) re-
lating to proposals and contracts for the trans-
portation of the mails, and for other purposes.
Mr. RAMSEY. Ttie amendments are all
gone through except one offered by myself
and one offered by the Senator from Califor-
nia. I hope they will both be accepted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendment proposed the last
time the bill was under consideration and
ordered to be printed.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of
Mr. Ramsey, as follows:
Insert as an additional section :
Sec. —. That the Postmastor General is hereby
authorized to cause to be placed to the credit of the
Treasurer of the United States, for the servico of the
Post Office Department, tho net proceeds of the
money-order business; and that the receipts of tho
Post Office Department, derived from this source
during each quarter, shall be entered by the Auditor
of the Treasury for the Post Office Department, in
the accounts of said Department, under the head of
" revenue from money-order business.''
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. An amendment was pro-
posed by the Senator from California which I
hope will also be adopted.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. Casserly, which was at tho end
of the sixth section to insert the following:
And in all cases of regular contracts hereafter
made for a sum exceeding $5,000 per annum tho con-
tract shall, in tho discretion of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, be continued in forco beyond its express terms
for a period not exceeding six months, until a new
contract, with the same or other contractors, shall
be made by the Postmaster General.
Mr. CASSERLY. The word "shall," in
the third line, should read "may," so as to
read "the contract may, in the discretion of
the Postmaster General, be continued in
force," &c.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That modifica-
tion will be made.
Mr. CASSERLY. This should come in at
the end of section five, I find, instead of sec-
tion six.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so
incorporated by the enrolling clerk, at the
end of section five, if the bill should pass and
the amendment be agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
It was ordered that the amendments be en-
grossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
bridge at boonville, missouri.
Mr. BLAIR. I move to take up a local
bill, No. 696. It is of great importance to
our people. It provides for a bridge across
the Missouri river at Boonville. It has been
a long time pending, and was reported from
the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads well guarded. My colleague and myself
have examined it carefully.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 696) to authorize the
construction of a bridge across the Missouri
river at Boonville, Missouri.
The first amendment reported by tbe Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads was to
add to the first section the following:
And to lay on or over said bridge railway-tracks
for the moro perfect connection of any railroads
that are or shall bo constructed to the said river at
or opposite said point, under tho limitations and
conditions hereinafter provided; that said bridge
shall not interfere with tho free navigation of said
river beyond what is necessary in order to carry
into effcct the rights and privileges hereby granted;
and in case of any litigation arising from any ob-
struction, or alleged obstruction, to the free naviga-
tion of said river, the cause may be tried before the
district court of the United States of tbe State of
Missouri in which any portion of said obstruction
or bridge touches.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. I observe that bill only
requires the principal span across the channel
of the river to be two hundred and fifty feet
in length. The bills in regard to the Ohio
river required that the span shall be four hun-
dred and fifty feet.
Mr. BLAIR. 1 will state to the Senator
from Indiana that there are already bridges
constructed on the Missouri river above and
below this bridge with a span of two hundred
and fifty feet; and it was not thought desirable
to compel this company to make wider spans
than the bridge at St. Charles, which is below,
or the bridges at Kansas City, St. Jo., and
Omaha, above. It conforms exactly to the
span required of all the other bridges on the
Missouri river.
Mr. RAMSEY. The great width of span
required on the Ohio river is on account of
the coal-barges. There is no trade of that
kind on the Missouri.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are other
amendments of the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the next amendment,
which was to strike out the second and third
sections of the hill, as tollows:
Sec. 2. That said bridge shall be a lawful struc-
ture, and shall be recognized and known as a post
route, upon which, also, no higher charge sba.ll bo
made for the transmission over the same of tho
mails, tho troops, and the munitions of war of the
United States than tho rate per mile paid, for the
transportation over the railroad or public highways
leading to the said bridge; aod it shall enjoy tno
rights and privileges of other post roads m t.io
United States. . , ., , , .
Sec. 3. That if the said bndgo shall bo maclo
with unbroken and continuous spans, it shall not bo
of less elevation in any case than fifty loet above
high-water mark, as understood at the point oi
location, to the bottom chord of the bridge nor shall
the spans of said bridge over the mam channel oi
said river be less than two hundred and iilty leot 111
length, and the piers of said bridge shall bp parallel
with the current of tho river; And prooidcd, also,
That if the same shall bo constructed as a draw-
bridge the draw or pivot shall be over tho mam
channel of the river at an accessible navigable Point,
and the spans not less than ono nundred and hlty
feet in length in the clear; and the piers of said
bridge shall bo parallel with the current of the river.
