1872;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1803
tion already before him, and then he forth-
with supplemented his resolution with three
speeches, the first of which he made when
nobody had challenged his resolution, and
when nobody would have challenged it, and
in that speech he sbught; for unmistakable rea-
sons, and with a view too clear to be Covered
up, to give a certain hue and cast and version
to the action of the Department in advance.
I imagine, knowing the ability of th&t honor-
able Senator, that he did not utter these, or
either of them, with a view to get early action
upon his resolution, evert if it called fot in-
formation he really wanted; but on the
contrary be wished to have tbe effect which
would he produced by such a view of the sub-
ject as he expressed.
Now, Mr. President, inasmuch as the inform-
ation is already here, and in an official form,
in the hands of the chairman of the committee,
I think nobody will be delayed in ascertaining
the facts, if this resolution waits until those of
us who choose may offer something in answer
to what Was said by the honorable Senator.
Mr. COLE. I call for the regular order.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
froin California demands the regular order.
Mr. BASTARD. t hope the Senator will
withdraw the call for one moment until I can
make a reply to the Senator from New York.
Mr. COLE. I do not know when this debate
will end.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
certainly is not before the Senate. The appro-
priation bill is before the Senate, and the
Secretary has not yet read a single paragraph
of it, but the Chair will notarrest the Senator
from.Delaware. He will proceed by unani-
mous consent unless objection is made.
Mr. BAYARD. The Senator from Cali-
fornia will permit me to say one word. I will
not delay action on the bill he has in charge.
I do not think the Senator from Connecticut
informed the Senate yesterday—I am sure he
did not inform it in my hearing—and I believe
the Globe will not dfsclose the fact 
Mr. FRELINGrHUYSEN. 1 do not think
he informed the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. And yet the Senator from
New York said he had informed the Senate.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. He stated it in
a voice that might have been beard by those
around him.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to remark that I
did not say he "informed the Senate." I
said he stated and so he did.
Mr. BAYARD. I mean to say that what-
ever may have been said sotto voce by the Sen-
ator from Connecticut, whatever confidential
communication he may have addressed to his
friends in the Senate, the Senator from New
York among the rest, there was no information
to tbe Senate in debate yesterday that he had
official copies of the letters which my resolu-
tion touched.
In regard to my motives in calling for this
information, I am afraid that the Senator from
New York will not be apt to understand them.
So far as I can judge of his action in the Sen-
ate in regard to every resolution touching the
formation of the committee or its action, I
I should be disposed to hold that his motives
and mine are too varied for him to comprehend
precisely what I mean. Tbe imputation of
motive is ungracious; it necessarily must be
ignorant. I have no relations with that Sen-
ator, and have had none in respect to this sub-
ject-matter to give him any knowledge what-
ever of what my motives are beyond that which
the public debates here will disclose. My
motion was a regular one ; it was a just one,
just to the officials in regard to whose sup-
posed action I expressed surprise. I thought
it fair and right, as I did intend to comment
upon the effect of sueb action, that I should
be certified that the action had been taken by
the officials, and I approached it in the only
proper and usual way. However, we will
have this matter farther discussed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message froih the House of Representa-
tives by Mr. McPhersoxt, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills;
in which it teijuested the concurrence of' the
Senate:
A bill (EL R. No. 161) to reduce the area of
the military reservation of Port Sanders, in
the Territory of Wyoming, and providing for
the Survey of Said reservation as reduced;
A bill (3. R. No. 206) for the relief of
GrCorge C. Haynie;
A bill (H. R. No. 207) fot the relief of Rob-
ert L. D. Burchfield;
A bill (H. R. No. 475) for the relief of Selah
Y. Reeve, late quartermaster sergeant of the
fourth. Michigan infantry volunteers.
A bill (H. R. No. 575) for the relief of Seth
M. Whitten, late private of the fourth regi-
ment Michigan infantry;
A bill (H. R. No. 861) directing the payment
to Robert McKee of pay, allowances, and
bounty now withheld from him ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1238) to remove the charge
of desertion against Daniel Orner, late private
in company 33, ninety-first regiment Pennsyl-
vania volunteers;
A bill (H. R. No. 1303) to amend the first
section of an act entitled "An act to provide
for the disposition of useless military reser-
vations," approved February 24, 1871.
A bili (H. R. No. 1745) to provide for the
designation of a chief medical purveyor;
A bill (H. R. No. 1756) to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary
of War to lease certain swamp or lowlands
belonging to the Government lying on Niagara
river and Lake Erie in the city of Buffalo,
New York;
A bill (H. R. No. 1776) declaring the lands
constituting the Fort Collins military reserva-
tion, in the Territory of Colorado, subject to
preemption and homestead entry, as provided
for in existing laws ;
A bill (H. R. No. i779) for the relief of
Samuel Hitchcock;
A bill (H. R. No. 1780) for the relief of
Eliza Webb; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1781) authorizing the
Secretary of War to deliver condemned ord-
nance to certain soldiers' monumental associ-
ations.
The message further announced that the
House had non-concurred in the amendment
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 1330) to
amend the thirty-second section of an act
entitled "An act to reduce internal taxes,
and for other purposes," approved July 14,
1870, asked a.committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. Hknry L. DaWE3 of
Massachusetts, Mr. G. A. Finkemburg of
Missouri, and Mr. S. S. Cox of New York
managers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the following bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 893) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Kenyon ; and
A bill (H. R. JSI o. 894) granting a pension
to Joseph Montgomery.
ENROLLED BILLS.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills ; and they were thereupon signed
by the Vice President:
An act (H. R. No. 383) to authorize the
construction of a bridge across the Missouri
river, at or near St. Joseph, Missouri;
An act (S, No. 475) to authorize tbe sale of
public property at Houlton, Maine;
An act (H. R. No. 1260) to provide for the
admission of paintings, statuary, and photo-
graphs, for exhibition, free of duty ;
An act (H. R. No. 1342J supplementary to
the act entitled " An act to prevent the exter-
mination of fur-bearing animals in Alaska;"
An act (H. R. No. 1529) tor the relief of
Francis A. Eastman, postmaster at Chicago,
Illinois;
An act (H. R. No. 1663) authorizing an
Ainerican register to the British btig Isadora;
owned by Edwin M. Fowle, of Ne#ton, Mas-
sachusetts ; and
An act (H. R. No. 1760) to repeal the para-
graphs of schedule C of the internal reVenae
acts imposing taxes on canned meats, fish, and
certain other articles.
TRANSPORTATION IN BOND.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ment to the bill (H. R. No. 1330) to amend
the thirty-second section of an act entitled
"An act to reduce internal tdxeSi and for
other purposes," approved July 14, 1870$ dis-
agreed to by the House of BepresentativeS;
and
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont,
it was
Seeolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ment to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and. agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of thts two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC. APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration ot the bill (H. R.
No. 10(30) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,
1873, and for other purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will resume the reading of the bill on page 36,
under the title of " Governments in the Ter-
ritories."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before we proceed with
the appropriation bill, I desire to say a word.
It is now nearly two o'clock. I do not believe
there is a quorum of the Senate here. It is
Saturday afternoon. There is hardly a Sen-
ator who has not business that he wants to do
at home, and it seems to me we shall gain
nothing by staying here perhaps a couple of
hours. The first time we have a division upon
some question on the bill we shall be found
without a quorum. I know I feel as if I did
not want to be here this afternoon.
Mr. KELLOGG. But since you are here ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well; since we
are here, it is now nearly two o'clock; we
cannot get through with the bill to-day ; the
Senate is very thin; and in order to ascertain
what its temper is, I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. COLE. I ask the Senator to withdraw
his motion for a moment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; I will not withdraw
it. Let the Senate decide it. If the Senate is
disposed to stay here, let them so decide.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion to adjourn.
The question being put—
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for a division.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before the divis-
ion is had, the Chair will submit certain bills
from the House of Representatives for refer-
ence.
Mr. HAMLIN. I believe I will object to
referring those bills. If Senators will not stay
here, let those bills stand their chance with the
T6St
The VICE PRESID ENT. The Senatorfrom
Illinois has called for a division on the motion
to adjourn.
A division being had, the ayes were eigh-
teen.
Mr. BOREMAN called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 21; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Caldwell, Casserly,
Clayton, Davis of West Virginia, ierrv ot Michi-
gan, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton oi Texas, Har-
lan, Johnston, Kelly, Kobertson, baulsbury, Schurz,
Sprague, Stevenson, Stockton, lipton, Trumbuii*
Viekers, and Wright-—22.
NAYS—-Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Cameron,
Chandler, Cole, Conbling, Edmunds, i'relinghuysen,
Gilbert, Hamlin, Hitchcock, Kellogg, Logan, Mor~
