1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
457
that those already framed are incapable of
practical application. And I shall more par-
ticularly notice the doctrines of the report
made by the board, which must be assumed to
embody the general principles which the board
intend, by a revision of rules and regulations,
to carry into operation. If the principles of
the report are unsound, the new rules and
regulations will be objectionable just in pro-
portion as they shall be aptly contrived to
execute the doctrine of the report.
The fundamental philosophy of the report is
that the civil offices of the Government should
be held during good behavior ; and this, in my
opinion, is a radical error. The report, page
8, commends, as "wisest and most reason-
able," the policy of removal only for cause.
And on page 5 the committee contrast the civil
service unfavorably with the military and naval
services, and add:
"There are modest, honest, and able citizens
enough who would gladly serve the country for a
moderate and permanent salary," &o.
This leading idea of the report is altogether
anti-republican and unconstitutional. This
subject was much discussed when the Consti-
tution was adopted. Those who favored a
strong Government, and were most disposed
to build upon the model of the British mon-
archy, desired a more permanent tenure of
civil office; but their views found little en-
couragement, and it was finally determined
that none but the judges should hold by such
tenure. This exception in the case of the
judges was made for the reason that it was
believed that they ought to be independent of
popular control and placed beyond popular
reach. This exception rests upon a reason-
able foundation. Whether A or B is entitled
to a particular estate depends upon legal prin-
ciples, and ought not to be affected by a pop-
ular sentiment upon the subject. And unless
the Constitution in regard to the judicial de-
partment rests upon an erroneous theory, it
must follow that just in proportion as you make
the other officers permanent incumbents you
remove the Government from the reach and
control of the people. Every rule and reg-
ulation devised by this board looks to the
accomplishment of this end, and tends to carry
into effect a principle which-was purposely
and carefully excluded from the Constitution,
and has always been condemned by the Amer-
ican people.
Another leading idea of the report is that
party is the bane of republican government ;
that to labor to secure the ascendency of a
party ought to fix upon a man a brand that
should exclude him from public office. And
the design of this system is to place all the
officers within its operation beyond the reach
of the people, and to remove from them all
anxiety in regard to the triumph or overthrow
of any political party. The Army and Navy
are officered upon this principle because their
duties require scientific knowledge and long
experience for their proper performance. For
this reason the Government furnishes educa-
tion to a sufficient number of persons to officer
these branches of the public service.
But with civil officers the case is wholly
different. In the frequent changes which take
place in the heads ot Departments and in all
subordinate offices no great public inconven-
iences have been experienced. The duties
of civil officers are regulated by law; what
they may do. and what they may not do, pre-
scribed by law ; and any intelligent man may
shortly acquaint himself withtheduties of any
civil office. But the law cannot prescribe how
a ship should be managed in a storm ; how an
army should be handled in face of an opposing
force ; how a fort can be carried by assault, or
a fortified place reduced by siege. The ne-
cessities of the case have induced an excep-
tion in this particular from the republican
theory that a government for the people must
be a government by the people, a government
whose officors may be compelled to execute
the public will by being constantly within
popular reach.
In every country where free institutions pre-
vail, there will be division of sentiment among
the people in regard to all important matters
of governmental administration. This is our
case to-tlay. Here is the great Republican
party, which has crushed such a rebellion as
the world never saw before; has emancipated
four million slaves ; has made all men, black
and white, equal before the law; has reduced
to practice and embodied in effective legisla-
tion all the doctrines of the Declaration of
Independence. And here is the Democratic
party, which has opposed us in all these meas-
ures, and opposes us to-day in carrying into
detailed operation all these great, assured re-
forms. This report proceeds upon the theory
that the great body of the civil officers of the
Government ought to be entirely neutral be-
tween these parties, and altogether indifferent
as to the success or failure of these beneficent
reforms. The correctness of this principle,
which is one of the corner-stones of this report,
deserves careful consideration.
When the New York code was adopted
everybody felt the importance of putting it into
the bauds of its friends to be amended and
perfected. When a committee is raised to
consider a measure in any legislative body,
the parliamentary rule is that the committee
shall be controlled by those who favor the
measure. A railroad company which determ-
ines upon a certain course of action will put
its execution into the hands of those who favor
it. And so illustration may be found in all
departments of public enterprise and private
business.
Now, upon what principle is it that when
a vast majority of people have determined
upon a certain line of governmental policy,
it is demoralizing, corrupting, or wicked for
them to intrust its execution to the hands of
its friends? When the Republican party came
into power in 1801, and girded its loins to
suppress a rebellion which was fast assuming
the proportions of flagrant war, it, found every
department full of officers sympathizing W'th
the South, and bitterly prejudiced against the
Republican party, its men arid its principles.
Now, sir, if the doctrines of this report are
sound, the Republican party committed a
great crime in turning these men out and put-
ting its own friends into office. The old offi-
cers performed the routine of official duty well
enough; they were all citizens of the United
States, and could read, write, and cipher;
and yet there is not a sound Republican in
the United States who does not believe that the
course pursued was indispensable to sustain
the Government and put down the rebellion.
Consider for a moment the duty we have
been performing in reconstructing the rebel
States, and the duty that remains of executing
the laws of Congress for the protection of the
freedmen of the South against a dominant popu-
lation in those yet unsettled communities. We
are about to pass, upon the President's recom-
mendation, a general amnesty bill, which, with
trifling exceptions, will restore the people of
those States to full political privileges. I shall
vote for such a bill myself, provided it con-
tains sufficient provisions to protect the colored
people of the South, and otherwise 1 shall vote
against it.
If, in addition to this, the principles of this
report are to be faithfully executed in dispen-
sing the patronage of the Federal Govern-
ment in those States ; if the district attor-
neys, marshals, and all other Federal officers
therein, are to be selected upon the princi-
ples of this great "civil service reform
if Republicans are not to be preferred over
Democrats in filling these places ; it a person
who opposes the policy of the Government is
to be appointed instead of one who supports
it, provided he can pass a better examination
upon irrelevant and non-essential subjects, is
any man sanguine enough to believe that the
acts of Congress will be faithfully executed,
and that the rights of four or five million people
in those States will be protected against over-
whelming numbers determined to trample
them under foot? And yet under this reform-
a Democratic district attorney in-North Caro-
lina is very likely to be appointed to prosecute
the members of his own party for acts of
Ku Klux violence upon his and their political
opponents.
This report is remarkable in another respect.
It scorns facts and revels in theories. The
author of the report develops a theory from
the hidden chambers of his mysterious wisdom,
and without the citation of a single instance,
declares that the present system of civil ser-
vice tends to demoialize everything and cor-
rupt everybody; that it has been in operation
long enough to bear its legitimate fruits; and
therefore concludes, with the dogmatism of a
pedagogue, that everything and everybody is
demoralized and corrupt. He arraigns and
condemns every officer in the Government,
from the President to the lowest subordinate.
He divides Congressmen into two classes,
knaves and fools. The first recommend im-
proper persons, from selfish and corrupt mo-
tives ; the second are "wheedled " into doing
the same thing. He says :
" The business of the nation, the legislation of Con-
gress, the duties of tho Departments, are all subor-
dinated to the distubution of what ftre well called
' the spoils.' No one escapes. President, Secreta-
ries, Senators, Representatives, are pertinaciously
dogged and besought on the one hand to appoint, on
tile other to retain subordinates. The great officers
of the Government aie constrained to become mere
office-brokers. Meantime they may have their own
hopes, ambitions, and designs. They may strive to
make their patronage secure their private aims.
The spectacle is as familiar as it is painful and
humiliating. We accuse no individual. Weappeal
only to universal and deplorable experience.
"The evil results of the practicenuiy beseen, first,
ill its perversion of tho nature of the election itself.
In a free country an election is intended to be, and
of right should bo, tho choico of differing policies of
administration by tho people at the polls. It is prop-
erly the judgment of the popular intelligence upon
the case which ha.s been submitted to it during the
canvass by the ablest and most eloquent advocates.
But the evil system under which the country suffers
tends to change the election from a choice of poli-
cies into a, contest for personal advantage. It is
becoming a, desperate conflict to obtain all the offices,
with all their lawful salaries and all their unlawful
chances. The consequences are unavoidable. The
moral tone of the country is debased. The national
character deteriorates. No country or government
can safely tolerate such a surely increasing demoral-
isation."
Now, sir, if all this is true, it only proves
that Republicans are of too easy virtue to
resist temptation; that they have forfeited
public confidence, and ought to be driven from
power.
In another part of the report it is asserted,
in substance, that the head of a Department,
the Postmaster General for instance, can come
upon the floor of the Senate and bribe us to
support any measure, no matter how wicked
or corrupt.
And again he says :
" But when the application is urfjed upon the ex-
ecutive department by a member of the legislative
branch of tho Government, the mischief becomes
intolerable. It is often by the power of patronage
that a Kepreoontahve is chiefly known to what are
called the active politicians among his constituents.
He is held to be their agent and broker of oflices.
They havedonehis workand hemustdo theirs, and
his position often depemis upon his fulfillment of
his pledges. When, therefore, ho applies to the ap-
pointing power, there is a kind of urgency which it
is hard to resist. It is not a favor only that he asks ; it
is the means of fulfilling a bargain. The appoint-
ing power is subjected to threats and the blandish-
ment ofpersoual solicitation. And these are inces-
sant and urgent, not in tho degree of tho fitness of
the candidates, but in that of the interest of those
who uige him."
Now, Mr. President, from your experience
in public affairs I ask you, and I appeal to
you Republican Senators around me to say,
whether the last quoted paragiaph is the state-
ment, of a shameful fact, or a base and malig-
nant libel upoti the members of the Repub-
lican party. How many of you, Senators, have
terrified the President with threats, or se-
duced him with blandishments ? You can
