4042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
from monarchical systems of government, and
is anti-republican in all its character and
tendency. The theory of the Governments
of the Old World always has been that the
laboring masses of mankind were like the
beasts of the field, unable to take care of them-
selves and dependent upon the Government for
continual protection. The theory of a repub-
lican government is that every man is an indi-
vidual who, left 10 the free development of his
own energies, will produce both for himself
and for society at large the highest measure of
benefit. In the Old World the masses feeling
needs and wants look up to the Government
for help. In this country of ours the masses
feeling needs and wants ought to depend upon
their own energies; and if they can be let
alone and freed from the interference of foreign
agitators, and demagogues at home, I think they
will do so.
But the present amendment as originally
proposed by the Senator from South Carolina,
having in itself both these inherent difficuliies,
ought not to be adopted by this body, and as
the amendment of the Senator from New York
will dispose of the original amendment, and
of the difficulties involved in it, I trust that the
latter will prevail.
Mr. SUMNER. The amendment of the
Senator from New York is in the nature of a
diversion. It seeks to substitute the tariff for
the great question of labor. Here let me say
it is too late for Congress to hesitate on this
matter. In authorizing the experiment of the
eight-hour law in the national workshops we
have recognized the gravity of the question.
It remains now that Congress should provide
the means for such inquiry as will enable the
country to see the question in its true light.
There can be no retreat until this inquiry has
been had. The existing issues between capi-
tal and labor, the reciprocal rights of each,
the proper number of hours for labor, the im-
provement of workingmen in their condition—
such are some of the important topics which
deserve the sincerest treatment after the most
careful consideration. The creation of this
commission is the least we can do, and I pro-
test against loading upon it a weight like the
tariff with the questions of protection and free
trade. Such a proposition is not friendly to
the workingmen or the measures for their
improvement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from New
York to the amendment of the Senator from
South Carolina.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CORBETT. I have said nothing upon
this question, but it is a question of consid-
erable importance. It is stated by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts that having passed the
eight-hour law, it is too late to recede. My
own impression is that that is one of the most
pernicious laws we ever passed. I think we
might as well pass laws saying when we should
eat or when we should drink as to pass laws
regulating how long a man shall labor, passing
laws that the public workshops of this coun-
try shall not employ labor but for eight hours,
or that eight hours shall be a day's labor, when
the great mass of our community, the mechan-
ics of this country, the farmers, the profes-
sional men, work from ten to twelve and four-
teen hours. What is the logical result of this?
Simply that the men who work ten, twelve,
and fourteen hours are taxed to pay those men
in the public workshops who only work eight
hours and receive pay for ten hours' labor.
Mr. President, I believe the people of this
country who work these long hours, who work
from morning to night, and after supper until
nine o'clock, in the mechanic shops, are
unwilling to be taxed to pay those who work
only eight hours, and work just as few hours
as they possibly can.
Sir, there is another view of this case.
These labor reformers are controlled by agi-
tators. A few agitators live upon the labor-
ers. They go around from manufactory to
manufactory and breed discontent, saying to
the men, "You must prevent the manufacturer
from employing other than certain particular
men; they shall not employ boys; they shall
not teach them the trade : apprentices shall
not be employed, for that will reduce the price
of labor." The result is that wehaveafarge
number of boys in the middle and poorer
classes of society who are entirely destitute
of employment, entirely destitute of a trade,
and they are left to run in the streets. The
result ot this is to send many of them to the
workhouse and make criminals of them. I
have no sympathy for this class of agitators,
who go around and dictate to men in these
workshops and create a feeling of discontent.
Sir, if the men are not satisfied with the price
of labor paid them by manufacturers, all they
have to do is to step out and go into the
cooperative working associations and combine
their capital and labor in opposition to the
capitalist.
They can do this; but can they succeed
unless they work more than eight hours? I
say they cannot succeed and compete with
foreign labor. No mechanical establishment
can succeed unless the men work longer
than eight hours. We protect our manufactur-
ers by the tariff system in order that we may
make the price of labor higher than it is in
Europe. On the other band the laborer must
do his part; he must work a reasonable num-
ber of hours in order to meet the exigencies
and compete with foreign labor. If he does
not then we are unable to compete with that
labor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
five minutes have now expired.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. President, I believe
the rule of the Senate under which we are
now at work requires that each Senator shall
speak five minutes upon each amendment.
[Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the
maximum, not the minimum.
Mr. WRIGHT. But for this construction
of the rule I should have been very much in-
clined to have kept my seat. 1 desire, however,
to say a very few words upon the pending
amendment, and then to say a few words
generally.
I shall vote against the amendment offered
by the Senator irotn South Carolina, whether
amended or not, for the reason that in my
judgment it is in no manner germane to the
bill before us. I feel very certain that, if not
held to be admissible because it was offered
before the rule was adopted under which we
are acting, if any occupant of the chair had
decided that it was germane as is claimed
here, 1 should have felt very much inclined to
withhold from him my support,"whether he
were nominated at Philadelphia or any place
else. [Laughter.]
I shall not vote for any such amendment to
this bill, nor for any amendment to a tariff
bill that has so little relation to it as this has;
and this 1 say without entering upon the con-
sideration of the general subject that is in-
volved in the amendment. I may be allowed
to say, however, generally, that in my judg-
ment there are very many things that we can
attend to with avast deal more profitto the peo-
ple of the country than a matter of this kind.
Having said this much with reference to the
amendment, I trust I shall be pardoned if I
say one word more upon a general subject.
If one so humble as myself may be allowed
to make a suggestion in this connection, I
desire to say one word in regard to this tariff
matter. The verysubject that we have before
us, and all of the amendments almost that we
have been considering here, were before the
Senate some weeks since and considered for
days and days. This bill originated in the
House and comes to us perfected there. It.
has been before the Finance Committee and
there considered for hours and days. We have
considered it here for three days, twelve hours
each day almost.
Now, I beg leave to suggest to the Senate
whether in view of the time fixed for the ad-
journment it were not better that we proceed
at once to vote upon the pending amendment?
And I suggest also that after we have voted
upon the pending amendment we by common
consent let this bill be reported to the Senate
and act at once upon all the amendments
without a word of debate, -and have it go
to the House as soon as possible. What-
ever may be our action here, when we have
concludcd we shall not be satisfied. I
know my excellent friend from Pennsyl-
vania thinks of iron and steel all the time
with reference to these amendments, as well
as other matters. My good friend from New
York is thinking of salt. My friends from
Michigan are thinking of lumber. I would
like to move an amendment to put lumber on
the free list under instructions from my own
State. But when we have got through here,
if we continue for days, no person will be
satisfied with the result. Now, is it not bet-
ter that we send this matter to the House at
once, and let it go to a conference committee,
for when that conference committee shall get
through, whether we work here for days or
dispose of the bill to-day, the result will be
that we shall not be satisfied, and we never
can be entirely satisfied with reference to a
tariff bill.
Now, in view of the important matters that
are crowding us, and that must follow this,
I suggest in the most humble maimer whether
this is not the better policy. 1 know the
hazard I run among the youngest mem bars on
this floor in making such a suggestion. I have
waited and trusted that it would come from
those who have had longer service; but I
venture to make it. I make it in good faith.
I believe honestly that it is best for the inter-
est of the country and the business of the
Senate. I believe that if we take this course
we Bhallbeas well satisfied, it' not better, than
if we continue this discussion here so long.
Now I trust, after we shall vote on the pend-
ing amendment, that the Senate will consent
that the bill shall be reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole to the Senate; that we
take the votes on the amendments at once
either as a whole or upon them separately and
without debate, that we may get this matter
from our hands in a very few hours ; I think
we might do it in an hour, and then proceed
to other business. This is ray view, and I
hope the l usiness of the Senate will take
this course.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from New
York to the amendment of the Senator from
South Carolina, upon which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 23 ; as lollows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckingham, Caldwell,
Ch.mdler, Clayton, Cole, Conkline, Corbett, Ed-
munds, Terry of Connecticut, Ferry ot Michigan,
Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Harlan, Hill, Johnston, liejloirg,
Kelly, Nye, fomeroy, Pratt, Robertson, Saulsbury,
bchurz, Stewart, Trumbull, Vickers, aud Win-
dora—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Casserly, Cooper, Crasrin,
I'lanagan, Frelinghuysen, Ilowe, Morrill of Ver-
niont, Morton, Osborn, Hatnsey, Ransom, Sawyer,
Scott, Sherman, Spencer. Sprague, Stevenson, Surn-
nervi5^£aHvTiPt0D' Wilson, and Wright—23.
« —Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Blair, Bore-
pan, Brown low, Cameron, Cnrpenter, Davis of Ken-
tucky, Davis of West Virginia. Fen too, llumiio,
.Hitchcock, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Nor-
wood, Patterson,Pool, Rice,Stockton, and West—21.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to hear the
amendment, as amended, now read.
