1354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
rill of Vermont. Nye, Pomeroy, Pratt, Sawyer, Scott,
Sherman, and West—21.
ABSENT — Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Carpenter, Cooper, Corbett, Cragin,
Davis of Kentucky, Fenton, Perry of Connecticut,
Flanagan, Goldthwaite, Hill, Howe, Lewis, Morrill
of Maine, Morton, Norwood, Osborn, Patterson,
Pool, Ramsey, Rice, Spencer, Stewart, Sumner,
Thurman, Wilson, and Windom—30.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
(at one o'clock and fifty-seven minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, March 2, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m., Mr.
Wilson, of Ohio, occupying the chair as
Speaker pro tempore. Prayer by the Chap-
lain, Rev. J". G. Butler, D. I).
The Clerk proceeded to read the Journal of
yesterday.
Mr. BEATTY. I move that the further
reading of thf> Journal be dispensed with.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
understands that that can be done only by
■unanimous consent. Is there objection ? The
Chair hears none. By order of the House,
the session of to-day is for debate only as in
Committee of the "Whole on the state of the
Union, no business whatever to be transacted,
and the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Hay] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. HAY. I yield for a moment to the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Kino.]
LKAVK TO HUNT.
Mr. KING. 1 desire to submit some re-
marks upon the subject of the tax levied upon
the manufacture of tobacco. I ask leave to
print those remarks.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
hears no objection, and leave is granted.
[See Appendix.]
CIVIL SKKVlOlfl.
Mr. HAY addressed the House on the sub-
ject of civil service. [ LXis remarks will be
published in the Appendix.] lie yielded the
remainder of his timo to the gentleman from
Texas, [Mr. Clark. |
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. I desire to yield
live minutes of my lime to the geul iemun from
Iowa, [Mr. McCkahy. j
Mr. MeCRARY. Mr Speaker, I am obliged
to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Hat] for
having called the attention of the House and
the country to the proposition which I have
had the honor to submit for an amendment to
the Constitution, i do not rise at this time to
enter into any discussion of that subject, but
merely to say that I hope at some early day to
bo permitted to discuss the question somewhat
at length before the i louse, and I shall endeavor
to show that this proposition to amend th§
Constitution contains the mos! valuable and
important reform in the civil service that has
been proposed to the people of this country.
Gentlemen who will examine the resolution
will see that it contains two propositions:
First. A provision which, if adopted, will
secure permanence of tenure for a limited time
to every civil officer of the Government, con
ditioned only upon faithfulness in the dis-
charge of his duties. The purpose of this is
to prevent removals without cause, or without
any better cause than the expression of an
honest opinion or a desire on the part of the
appointing power to make room for a personal
or political friend, or reward a zealous worker
for his party. This is the first proposition,
and I think it easy to see that it is as just and
fair in itself as it is necessary to any radical
or valuable reform in the civil service.
Secondly. The election by the people them-
selves of every officer of the Federal Govern-
ment where that is practicable. 1 believe that
these two measures will work a valuable and
permanent reform in the civil service, and that
they will in the end lead to the accomplishment
of all that can be accomplished by Congress in j
that direction.
The evils of the civil service do not, as
many seem to suppose, grow out of the ap-
pointment of incompetent persons. And the
remedy for those evils is not, as seems to have
been supposed by the civil service commission,
competitive examinations. The great evils
of the civil service are the power of removal
from office without cause ; the great temptation
that is presented to every new Administration
which comes into power to create at one
stroke sixty or sixty-five thousand vacancies
to be filled by the appointment of personal and
political friends; the continual pressure which
there is upon every Administration to make
room for its friends by the removal of some of
the incumbents. These are the great evils
of the service, and the true remedy is to pro-
vide that every incumbent of a Federal office,
who gives up other duties to assume the re-
sponsibilities of that office, and who enters
upon the discharge of those responsibilities,
shall have a right to continue in the possession
of the office for a reasonable time, if he bo
faithful and honest, but that he shall not be
removed for the expression of an honest opin-
ion, or for the manner in which he discharges
his duties as a citizen at the polls in pursuance
of his honest convictions.
But greater and more important even than
that is the other proposition that the people
who are to be served in the various localities
throughout the country shall themselves elect
their servants to discharge the duties of local
Federal offices, as they do the persons who are
to discharge the duties of State offices. On
another occasion, when 1 hope to have time
and opportunity afforded me, I shall bo glad
to present this most importaut subject more at
length and in detail.
Mr. CLA11K, of Texas. Before yielding to
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Speer,] I
desire to say a woid or two upon the present
topic of discussion. The whole question of a
reform in the civil service is one which, more
than any other, concerns the people of this
country to-day. I subscribe to all that lias
been said by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Hay] and the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Mc-
Chary] upon this subject. I think they have
cut the Gordian knot in regard to this ques-
tion. I believe that the policy recommended
by the civil service commission, patterned after
the policy of the despotic Governments of
Europe, will transfer the appointments from
the people to an aristocracy, or a bureauoc*
racy, whereby no man coming from the hum-
bler walks of life would have any opportunity
to occupy any position under the Government.
That would doubtless be the result should the
policy reported by the civil service commission
become the law of the land. I therefore at
this time give in my hearty adhesion to the
proposition of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
McCrary,] and I hope that the views of the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. McCrary] and the
gentleman fiom Illinois [Mr. Hay] will be
carried out into law.
I now yield to the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Speer.]
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I ask unanimous
consent to have printed in the Globe some
remarks on civil service reform.
No objection was made; and leave was
accordingly granted. [See Appendix,]
tiie texas pan-handle.
Mr. CLAUK, of Texas. I now resume the
floor, and ask the Clerk to read a joint reso-
lution introduced by me at this session, and to
which I propose to address some remarks.
The Clerk read as follows:
Joint resolution providing for the cession by the
State of Texas ot certain territory of that State to
the United totates, for Indian reservations and
other purpo?cs.
liesolred by tin tfcnatp and llouvc of Hepreseatafives
of the United /Stale? of America in Congrew «.sxeni-
bUd, Tii.it the President of the United States be,
and is hereby, authorized and directed to submit to
the Legislature of the State of Texas anoverturefor
the cession by the State of Texas to the United States
of all that territory rightly belonging to the said
State lying and being situate north and west of a
line drawn from the northwest corner of Hardeman
county, on the Red river, to the mouth of the Pecos
river, whore tho same empties into the Rio Grande
del Norte.
Sec. 2. That the foregoing overture by Congress
shall be made upon the following conditions, to wit:
first, that, the Legislature of the State of Texas shall
give its consentto the cession of said territory for the
present purposes of Indian reservations, and also
for the formation and erection thei'oin of new States,
under the Constitution of the United States, when-
ever the Congress may so provide; secondly, that
the United States shall pay to the said State of
Texas, at tho rate of fifty cents per acre, for all
vacant and unappropriated lands within the said
territory, payable in four and one halt per cent,
bonds of the United States, having not less than
thirty years to run, to bo executed and issued when
the consent of the Legislature of Texas is duly filed
in the office of the Secretary ot State, together with
certified transcripts of the maps and survey* in said
territory, showing the amount of vacant and unap-
propriated land therein, one half of the total amount
of said bonds to remain in the United States Treas-
ury to secure any indebtedness already created by
the laws of Texas, tho balance to be paid into the
State treasury, and to constitute a parfrof the pub-
lic-school fund as provided in tlie* constitution of
said State; thirdly, that the third paragraph of the
second section of the joint resolution lor the annex-
ation of the republic ot Texas, approved March 1,
1845, providing for the formation of new States of
convenient size, not exceeding four in number, bo,
and the same is hereby; repealed, and the State of
Texas placed on an equal footing with the other
States, in regard to the formation of new States,
under the Constitution of tho United States.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the
joint resolution introduced in Congress to pro-
vide for the cession of certain territory by the
State of Texas to the United States presents
too wide a range of subjects to be compressed
into a single speech, audit is difficult to select
those points which may afford the strongest
arguments for the adoption of the proposition.
I shall confine myself in this discussion,
therefore, to three several propositions : first,
the effect of the cession of this territory upon
ihe educational interests of the State and of
the country ; second, the advantage to the Uni-
ted States in carrying out the Indian policy,
thus far so successful; and third, the final
adjustment of the question of a division of the
State, and a settling forever, so far as Texas
is concerned, of the old State rights doctrine.
First, then, the educational interests in-
volved. This bill provides that one half the
purchase-money of the territory proposed to
be ceded shall be paid into the treasury of
the State of Texas, to constitute a part of the
public school fund, in accordance with the
provisions of the constitution of that State.
In a speech delivered on the 6th of February,
Mr. Herndon, of Texas, my colleague, said:
"I will not enter into a discussion of what the
southern States under Democratic rule have done
for education, to refute the charges made against
them. This I leave to others. But for Texas the
Democratic party provided liberally lor common
schools in every one of her several constitutions.
She set apart $5,000,000 for this purpose, and four
leagues of land to each county m the State, amount-
ing to nearly three million acres of land yet unsold,
and worth at least ten million dollars. Besides this
the Radical State administration is wringing from
the poople nearly three million dollars per annum
taxes for school purposes alone, and tho school sys-
tem there is recognized as a political machine, a
nursery for non-resident partisan officials, all of
whom, at the cost of their official heads, must advo-
cate the party in power. Nor will I argue the bene-
fits arising from donating lands to stimulate certain
industries, the improvement of navigation, and the
building up of institutions of Icarmngwith special
objects lor public, good. Nor, again, the authority
for, or the wisdom of votingone hundred and thirty-
five million acres of public lands to the scvcial
Pacific railroads, and the unprecedented manner in
which this was done. Nor do I discuss the benefit
of reserving all these lauds for actual settlement of
the native or foreigner that may come to us for a
home, or the wisdom of selling all the lands imme-
diately, cutting off the immense expense and apply-
ing the proceeds to the public debt. Nor will I at-
tempts discuss the manifest intention of this bill to
establish and sustain social equality between the
raccs in the schools at the South, which would render
it so obnoxious that the great body of the people
there would prefer no school at all rather than sub-
mit to such degradation under the forms of law."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I propose to show, by
a vivid contrast between the legislation of
Democracy during the past thirty years in the
State of Texas and the acts of the Republican
party since it came into power there, how
utterly unreliable arc the statements of my
