406
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 20,
Senate.
Extension of Ku Klux Act—Mr. Alcorn.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
although there was a large preponderance of
Republicans in the Legislature, such were the
efforts to tie my hands and deny me the power
to enforce the law, that the measure was de-
feated—defeated, I repeat, through the chicane
of carpet-bag intrigue and Democratic vio-
lence, the carpet-baggers looking for such a
failure of reconstruction as would have brought
back their waning power under a domination of
the sword. This combination, I say, between
men who were in favor of the dominion of the
bayonet on the one hand and the Democracy
on the other, defeated me and left me powerless
to enforce the law, thereby making the enforce-
ment acts of Congress a necessity. That neces-
sity would not have existed if the Senator's
friends had not conspired against the enact-
ment of the venue law, and had not given
him thereby the opportunity which, in the
devotion which he feels for the people sur-
rounding his residence at Natchez, he has
employed in his declaration that civil govern-
ment has failed in Mississippi I
I am not here to apologize for the Ku Klux.
I am aware that such an organization has ex-
isted. I know that it has committed outrages
of which I stand to-day in the presence of the
people of my country profoundly ashamed.
That the violence of the southern people should
have taken the direction of wrong toward the
colored people is something that!could never
understand. I offer no apology for the Ku
Klux. Let the Government pursue them; let
them be prosecuted; let them be executed—
each and every man who has been guilty of
the assassination of a poor negro. But as to
outrages upon the northern men that came to
Mississippi, I am not aware that^there has been
any violence, except in one instance, since I
have been Governor of the State; and that
violence did not extend to the taking of life.
That was the case of Mr. Huggins. He came
here to the last Congress, and had much to do
in exciting Congress to pass the Ku Klux law.
Some of the people of his county were exas-
perated by the high rate of school tax levied
on them under his superintendency of public
schools. A band of disguised men went to
demand his withdrawal from the county, and
in a most cowardly and shameful manner flayed
his back. In common with all the manliness
of my State 1 felt in presence of this outrage
bowed down in shame. If 1 conld hav« dis-
covered the wrong-doers I certainly would have
avenged that cowardly act to the last limit of
the law.
But because a few men on the eastern border
of the State were guilty of these wrongs, 1 ask
whether that justiiiedtlie Senator, supposed as
he is to represent here the people of Missis-
sippi, to fulminate his denunciations of mur-
der and outrage against themall, whiteandcol-
ored—ay, against even those who must be
held to be his very good neighbors by reason
of his residence somewhere outside the bills
of mortality in the city of Natchez.
My dispatch stated that the condition of
Mississippi was at the time that of peace. To-
day I have received a private letter from the
Governor of the State. It bears no relation
to this discussion. Governor Powers, by whom
it has been written, is a northern man, and
was a soldier in the Union Army. He came to
the State, purchased a plantation, and resides
among us a citizen in the full sense. Toward
him we feel no jealousy, none whatever. I
consented to take my place upon the ticket
with him, believing that because of his iden-
tity with them he would be acceptable to the
people as my successor in the executive chair.
I'rorn tbut gentleman, the present Governor,
I received to-day a letter, the closing para-
graph of which 1 will read. It is this:
." Peace reigns in Mississippi."
This is the testimony of the present Gov- II
ernor of the State. " Peace reigns in Mis-
sissippi," and for the benefit of my Demo-
cratic friends, lest I might be charged with
reading: only a part of this letter, I will give
them the remainder of the sentence: " Gree-
ley has none but Democratic adherents here."
[Laughter.]
Peace reigns in Mississippi. With the ex-
ception of two or three outbursts of passion it
has reigned throughout the State from the
time of the reconstruction uutil now. I have
participated, I may say, in all the elections
that have occurred for the last twenty-five
years in Mississippi, and I affirm to-day in the
presence of this Senate that I have never seen
a more peaceable, a more orderly election
than that which was held in the State in 1871.
Mr. PRATT. If the Senator from Missis-
sippi will allow me to propound a question, I
should be glad to inquire of him whether the
Legislature of the State of Mississippi made
an appropriation of the sum of $50,000 and
placed it at the command of the honorable Sen-
ator who is now addressing the Senate while
he was Governorof that State to be employed,
in his discretion, for the purpose of putting
down Ku Klux outrages?
Mr. ALCORN. Yes, lir; the Legislature
of Mississippi did place in my hands $50,000
as a secret service fund for the purpose of
hunting out the Ku Klux and for the pur-
pose of suppressing violence, and for the pur-
pose of heading off villainy generally: That
$50,000 was well and profitably appropriated.
Mr. PRATT. Will the Senator allow me
to inquire again whether that was during the
year 1871 ?
Mr. ALCORN. It was in the year 1870
that the appropriation was made. The point
that the Senator makes I will reply to. That
$50,000 was given to the Governor for the
purpose of finding out the Ku Klux and with
the_ view of being followed up by that act
which the Legislature afterward, under the
machinations of carpet-bngjers, refused me.
I brought testimony to me in hunting out the
Ku Klux; I paid agents to counsel the people
with regard to peace; I used all the means,
menaces, prosecutions, and persuasions, for
the purpose of bringing the people to a recog-
nition of their duty to the law.
Mr. PRATT. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator another question, whether to his knowl-
edge there was ever a successful prosecution
in any State court in the State of Mississippi
against any person charged with Ku Klux
outrages?
Mr. ALCORN. I will answer that also.
There never was a successful prosecution, and
I will state to the Senator further, that the en-
forcement act of Congress has now been in force
for a longer period of time than I was Gov-
ernor of the State of Mississippi,and it has been
in force backed by all the power of this Govern-
ment, and I assisted that enforcement act to the
extent of paying out some five or six thousand
dollars in the way of fees to counsel to pros-
ecute under it, and I will state to the Senator
that not one of its prosecutions of Ku Klux has
resulted in a conviction up to this hour.
Mr. PRATT. Have there not, however,
been a great number of indictments in the
Federal court, cases that are now upon the
docket and not yet tried, where the parties
accused have been arrested and given bail and
are now awaiting trial?
Mr. ALCORN. Yea, sir ; and there were
quite a number of indictments found in the
State courts at the time the enforcement act
went into effect. There are anumber of indict-
ments, but the Senator is a lawyer, and he
knows that an indictment is ex parte, and that
there is sometimes a long way between the
indictment and the verdict. No prosecutions
up to this time have been successfully made in
Mississippi upon the part of the Government
of the Unitejd States. But I undertake to ,
say that the Ku Klux have disappeared ; and
not an act of violence well established has to
my knowledge been charged for over a year in
Mississippi.
I stated awhile ago that I knew that Ku
Klux had existed in my State. I said that
violence had existed on the border. A riot
occurred at Meridian, where there were six
negroes killed and one white man. The Sen-
ator from Mississippi exaggerated the number
of negroes killed in that painful outrage into
ten. He was guilty here before the Congress
of the United States of allowing his imagina-
tion to commit four murders upon negroes at
Meridian. In that riot counsel were em-
ployed by me to prosecute the accused. Some
twenty odd persons were held fo? trial. The
prosecutions were afterwards transferred to
the Federal court, and up to this time there
has been no convictions so far as I know.
But was the miscarriage of civil law, if it
shall prove such, in the cas« of the Meridian
riot without a parallel in uailitaiy law? A
riot still more shocking took place in Missis-
sippi during the interregnum of civil govern-
ment, at a place called Hickory. Two whites
and eight negroes were murdered on that
occasion, and the outrages were carried to the
extent of the burning of the victims' houses
and the expulsion of their families—out-
ineridianing Meridian. With the spasmodic
vigor of this highly admirable government of
the bayonet, the country was 3coured by troops,
and a number of people huddled off a hun-
dred miles to render an account of the riot or
of themselves to a military tribunal sitting at
Vicksburg. "Profound ignorance," says my
colleague, "fell upon the witnesses when ques-
tioned. All were obliged to be acquitted!"
Now, sir, I submit that when Judge Leach-
man's failure wa,s a success to the extent of
at all events binding over a considerable
number of persons to answer for the killing of
six negroes and one white man at Meridian,
the Senate might have expected the honorable
Senator to have dealt tenderly in his condem-
nation of that miscarriage of civil justice, had
it known that the military court which made
so complete a failure in the case of the killing
of eight negroes and two whites at Hickory was
presided over by a certain gallant officer of
the Federal Army—Brevet Brigadier General
Adelbert Ames !
While General Ames was in authority in
the plenitude of his power, while he had at
his back ihe bayonets of the Federal Army, a
riot occurred within twenty miles of his head-
quarters at Dry Grove. Negroes were there
hung up to the limbs of trees. His soldiers
then scoured the surrounding country. A large
number of persons were arrested; several
were kept in jail for a time, and finally the
report was.that there was no proof in the case.
No verdict could be found, and nobody was
punished I
So, sir, even though the point the Senator
made against me were true, that I did not
succeed in convicting, within the brief period
from that at which 1 had been empowered to
commence persecuting, a single Ku Klux, I
meet that declaration with the fact that during
all the period of the reign of the bayonet in
Mississippi that very admirable system of
government met with no better success; that
ail that time violence was on the increase ; that
the people were excited, and that when, after
two years of the reign of the sword, I made the
canvass of the State, 1 did so at the peril of my
life ; was met at almost every place that I spoke
at by armed men, and was notified in some
instances thatif I undertook to speak in defense
of the Radical party, as they called it, I would
do so atthe risk of death. What a contrast that
