1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
459
as the Senator from Wisconsin has made an
elaborate written speech upon it, I think it
proper that a few words should be said in be
half of civil service reform, not particularly
of the rales for competitive examination, which
the Senator has informed us have been sus-
pended by an order of the President. I can-
not conceive why my friend from Wisconsin
should have dwelt at such length; should have
occupied himself at home with such labor and
industry in preparing a speech, the greater
portion of which has been directed against a
system of rules which, he tells us, he is in-
formed unofficially has been suspended until
other rules shall be devised and adopted. If
that be so, what, then, the necessity for these
remarks in opposition to a system which is not
to go into operation after all?
Mr. CARPENTER. 1 know my friend does
not wish to misrepresent me. I did not say
the system was not to go into operation; but
that these particular rales and regulations
needed revision in order to carry it into oper-
ation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood the Sen-
ator to say that these particular rules had been
suspended. 1 see, therefore, no propriety in
the Senator's effort to show that they are im-
proper rules, and I certainly shall not take up
time myself in order to show that, they are
proper rules if they are to be changed.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me a word ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. I know he does not
wish to misrepresent me. I do not under-
stand that the intention of pursuing this sys-
tem has been abandoned at all, but that it has
been merely ascertained that under the pres-
ent rules it cannot be carried into effect. In
other words, the Administration has simply
let go to take a better hold of the same sub-
ject, and the new rules and regulations which
are to be prescribed are to be so cunningly
executed as to carry out the doctrines of this
report. This report contains the theory of
that board, and what they are now going to do
is to devise rules that will carry it into effect;
and in almost the entire remarks I have made
I have confined myself to a discussion of the
principles ot' that report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, 1 cer-
tainly hope that the subject of civil service
reform is not to be abandoned, but that it is to
be pursued ; but, sir, giving the best attention
of which I was capable to the honorable Sen-
ator, 1 understood his remarks to be devoted
almost entirely to these rules of examination
which it is understood, he says, will not work
and are to be changed. Why, sir, has he not
eloquently and amusingly brought before the
Senate for competitive examination, as candi-
dates for collector at the port of New York,
such persons as Mr. Stewart, Mr. Opdyke, and
other distinguished persons, Mr. Murphy, per-
haps 1
Now, sir, 1 shall take up no time in under-
taking to defend these particular rules or
this competitive examination. I am in favor
of civil service reform, a reform which shall
save this Government from being plundered
under a system which wastes one fourth of
the entire revenue of the country in its col-
lection ; and it is sad to see the Senator from
Wisconsin now take a position, not against
the particular rules simply, but against a
reform which shali correct the abuses of the
present system. He stands up here in the face
of an official document, prepared by careful
and considerate friends ot the Administration,
by its best friends, which states that one fourth
of your revenue, probably more than ninety
million dollars a year, is wasted in conse-
quence of a system the correction of which
the Senator from Wisconsin opposes.
Mr. SHERMAN. I 3'nould like to ask the
Senator what official statement that is to which
he refers? .
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is the official state
ment made by the civil service commission,
which I will read.
Mr. CARPENTER. If my friend will allow
me 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly, I will allow
the Senator.
Mr. CARPENTER. I have no desire to
become especially the champion of that board
in regard to that report, and yet I do not want
to hear them misrepresented any more than I
do myself. They say that about one fourth
the revenue is wasted, and they do not know
how much of it ought to be charged to this
civil service matter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We will see what they
do say, and I will say to the Senator from
Wisconsin that I am willing to have the whole
report read if he wishes it; and perhaps it
would be better to read the whole of it instead
of reading half of the opinion of the Attorney
General and leaving out the other half, read-
ing that part which made in favor of the Sen-
ator's argument and leaving out the conclusion
of the opinion which condemned the whole of
his argument. Now, I will read to the Senate,
by its permission, what this board say on the
subject of loss to the revenue, and I will read
every word they do say in reference to that
particular point of how much is lost in con-
sequence of the system which 1 understand
the Senator from Wisconsin to be the cham-
pion of. This is their language:
"It is not easy to compute in figures the exact
econotnical difference botween a good and a bad sys-
tem of the civil service. It is, necessarily, a matter
of inference and of comparison between the proba-
ble operation of a carol ess and a careful method.
But it is calculated by those who have made a care-
ful study of all the facts, that one fourth of the rev-
enues of tho United Statos are annually lost in the
collection, and lor a iarse part of that loss a system
of tho service which is fatally unsound may reason-
ably be held responsible.''
Assuming that the entire revenues of this
country are $300,000,000 a year, which is not
far from the amount, then $90,000,000 are lost,
and a large proportion of that sum in conse-
quence of our civil service system. Shall we
do nothing to correct it?
Mr. SHERMAN. I would like, as this is a
matter that interests me, to ask the Senator the
basis of that calculation. The whole expense
of collecting the revenue of the United States,
internal and external, is less than five per cent. ;
and on what basis a calculation of this kind is
made, I should like myself to be informed.
The entire expense of the whole service in all
its branches, including detectives and every-
thing else, is considerably less than live per
cent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Ohio will devote his attention to the investiga-
tion now taking place in the city of New
York, I think he will find some of the data he
scolds
Mr. SHERMAN. I will inform my friend,
if he will allow me, that I have not only paid
attention to that, but I have joined in the
reporting a bill, to which I hope to secure the
attention of the Senate within a few days, that
will entirely cure all the abuses that have been
in existence in New York for some time, ami
that are now being developed daily. I cer-
tainly will not shield any one who is engaged
in any practices in the custom-house at New
York of a wrongful character, but will seek by
proper remedies to correct them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 shall be most happy
to concur with the Senator from Ohio in the
passage of that bill which will correct all abuses
in the New York custom-house. I suppose,
Mr. President, the great loss to theievenue, as
has been developed and is now being developed
by the investigating committee in New York,
comes from officers corruptly suffering goods
to pass without the collection of duties, by under
valuations, false weights, the bribery of inspect-
ors and other officials, and under the internal
revenue system from corrupt officers not col-
lecting the tax imposed ; suffering whisky to be
manufactured, if you please, and to go upon the
market without paying the tax assessed by
law. The loss to the revenue arises in many
ways, of which I am sure the Senator from Ohio
can get all the information be desires i f he reads
with care the history of the investigation which
is now taking place in the city of New York.
The Senator from Wisconsin in the outset
of his remarks passed a eulogy upon the char-
acter of the> President of the United States,
and at the same time informed the Senate that
the President had upon some occasion ex-
pressed the opinion that the best way to cor-
rect an improvident or improper law would be
faithfully to execute it, and let the people see
its defects; and then, passing to the subject
under consideration, he proceeded to say that
the President had put these theories, aa he
calls them, into execution till the people should
" cry enough," and that the President was so
strong in the affections of the people that he
could afford to do this—could give his enemies
many advantages and then defeat them. I do
not give the precise language of the Senator,
perhaps, but the purport of what he said.
Now, sir, this seems to me to be imputing
to the President of the United States opinions
which I should be sorry to believe that he
entertained, and a character which I do not
believe belongs to him. I believe him to be
a sincere and an honest man, and I do not
believe that he is putting into operation any
theories on civil service for the purpose of
rendering them odious until the people shull
cry "Enough." I think better of the Chief
Magistrate ot'the United States than to suppose
that ntider the authority to adopt rules and
regulations for a lelorm in the civil service he
has gone to work to adopt such rules and the-
ories as will bring civil service reform into
contempt until the people shall cry "Enough.''
Sir, I am far from believing that the President
of the United States is acting upon any such
consideration.
Mr. President, the remarks I have to make
will be somewhat disconnected, as I am allud-
ing only to a few points which have been made
by the Senator from Wisconsin. He proceeded
during his remarks to speak of the powers of
the President, and represented those powers as
very insignificant. Among others ho tpoke of
the power of the President to receive embas-
sadors as a mere formality, as I understood
him, a mere ceremony. Why, sir, that is not
the theory of the Constitution at all. All trea-
ties with foreign nations regulating our inter-
course with all the Powers of the world are
made and can only be made by the President
of the United States. The Senate has but a
negative power over them; we cannot make
treaties, but they are initiated and made by the
President of the United States. And ho par-
ticipates to the extent of one third in every law
that is passed. His power is equal in each
branch of Congress to one third of all its mem-
bers, so far as staying legislation is concerned £
and no treaty can be originated or made any-
where else but by the Executive himself. And
when he receives the embassadors of foreign
countries, and enters into treaties with them,
subject merely to a veto power here, shall it
be said that that is a mere formality? What,
I ask, is substance if that be formality?
The Senator also spoke of the division of
the powers of the Government into legislative,
executive, and judicial. Following up that sug-
gestion, I am sorry that he did not turn his
attention to the encroachment by one of these
departments of the Government on the other
in our civil service system as it at present exists.
Does not the Senator know that the appoint-
ments are now practically controlled, not by
the executive branch of the Government, but
by the Senators and Representatives from the
respective States? The Constitution vests the
power of appointment in the executive depart-
ment of the Government exclusively, except-
ing that the concurrence of the Senate is neces-
sary in those cases where the power to make
the appointment has not been vested by law
