11872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3147
finflictions, but if it is anybody else under
^heaven, then they shall have not only what
I the Pacific mail is to have, but shall have
;an additional dMuaur for becoming the con-
i tractor.
message from this house.
A message from the House of Representa-
' tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
'that the House had agreed to some and dis-
: agreed to other amendments of the Senate to
the bill (H. II. No. 1192) making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations witti various Indian tribes, for the
year ending June 30, 1873, and for other pur-
poses, and it had agreed to other amendments
•of the Senate to the said bill, with amendments.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills; and they were thereupon signed
by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 973) to fund certain liabilities I
of the city of Washington existing June 1
1871, and to limit the debt and taxation in the |
District of Columbia;
A bill (H. R. No. 1060) making appropria
tious for the legislative, executive, and judicial |
expenses of the Government for the year end- 1
ing June 30, 1873, and for other purposes:
A bill (H. R. No. 1194) directing the proper
officers in the Treasury Department io credit ;
John Seys, of Ohio, the sum therein.men-
tioned ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2624) to provide for the
removal of the Kansas tribes of Indians to the
Indian territory, and to dispose of their lands
in Kansas to actual settlers.
red rtvkr survey.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of War,
communicating a copy of the preliminary re-
port of Captain C. W. Howell on the examina-
tion and survey of the Red river from its
mouth to a point above Shreveport, Louisiana,
in obedience to section two of the act of March
3, 1871; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Accompanying
this report is quite an elaborate map, and if
any Senator desires it, the question of its
printing will be referred to the Committee on
Printing.
^ Mr. POMEROY. I think it should go
to the Committee on Printing, and let it be
examined by them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so
referred.
ambndmbnl' to appropkiation bill.
Mr. MORTON submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill (H.
ft. No. 2208) making appropriations for the
repair, preservation, and completion of certain
public works on rivers and harbors, and for
other purposes; wh'ch was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada [Mr. Nye] to the Post Office appro-
priation hill.
Mr. COLE. The Indian appropriation bill,
I believe, has been returned. I think that had
better be reported.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. It can only be
reached by laying the Post Office appropria-
tion bill on the table.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How much time have 1
left?
llie VICE PRESIDENT. Two minutes and
a half.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is quite, enough.
Jue question I was about to ask my friend
irom New York was this: whether, under the
existing conditions of the law, leaving out this
last amendment of the Senator from California
about their keeping up the Atlantic service,
the Pacific mail company do not enter the
lists as a bidder under vastly advantageous
ciicumstances over those of any other bidder?
That was the question I wished to put to him.
It is obvious, I think, that he would have an-
swered it in the affirmative, for they have the
line already running; they have the ships, the
equipment, the good will, the trade", every-
thing. They therefore can afford, rightly and
fairly, largely to underbid anybody else, and
upon just business principles. It is nothing
against them. It is an advantage which they
are rightly entitled to. They can bid better
than others. They therefore do not enter the
field on equal terms with others. They enter
on unequal terms, being largely in advance
of everybody else. As a part compensation
for that the .Senator from California rightly
proposed that if they are the favored persons
who get the contract they shall keep up the
service as they have it now. When you turn
to anybody else it is entirely different,. Others
are obliged to bid at a disadvantage; and
therefore to impose this provision on them
would be to impose an impossibility, so as to
make it impossible for anybody to bid except
this Pacific mat!. That is all I have to say.
Mr. COKBETT. The last amendment
adopted in my mind is very unjust and
wrong. The Pacific Mail Steamship Com-
pany received from this Government when it
established its line b\ way of Panama about
live hundred thousand dollais a year lor the
transportation of the mai'is between New
York and San Francisco. It expended its
money well. It kept, up one of the best lines
of steamships ever put on in any country.
Every oue acknowledges that it did well by
the community. This line of steamships was
kepo up until you established the Pacific ra<l-
road. Then you took away its subsidy, in the
first place, of S500.000. Then, in addition to
that, you took away its trade by the Pacific
railroad, and that company lost money from
that lime up to this past win.er ; I believe
right straight along until the snow blockade
of the railroad. I have been so informed,
and thej did contemplate withdrawing their
line from time to time, and only kept it on
because they had the steamers and hoped for
a better tune. During the past winter, while
the snow blockade of the railroad lasted, they
did make some money. There was a large
amount of goods transported across the Isth-
mus, and the capaci'/ of the steamers was
almost insufficient to carry the merchandise
that was forwarded. The money they have
thus made they now propose to use to extend
their line on the Pacific ocean to China and
Japan.
Now, I do say that to compel this company
to keep these ships on where it requires a cap-
ital of $10,000,000 between here and San
Francisco by way of Panama (the who'ie cap-
ital of the company being §20,000,000) is en-
tirely wrong. I think we ought to reconsider
that amendment.
Mr. STEWART. The way the bill stands
now I should think the stockholders in the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company were in peril.
No matter how much thestock may be watered,
a great many innocent persons hold the stock
outside. I atn told that jobs are sometimes
gotten up in the city of New York, and I never
saw a thing better fixed for a job than this. \
Men havingcontrol of your Pacific Mail Steam- ;
ship Company may have a side organization to
take this contract by au .<ther company. They
will then be free from these trammels and ;
have a ten years' contract, and it is a big in- !
ducement for an outside bid free from these ;
additional obligations. I say it ought not to be. i
If there is any good faith in wanting to keep '
up a line to San Francisco, let me suggest chat :
that little scheme might be gotten up in New '
York, and they do get up schemes there; and 1
this is an invitation to them to get up one if
they want to be rid of the Panama line, and
then you have the Panama line discontinued.
It is an invitation to_ persons managing this
Pacific Mail Steamship Company to have a
little side show. I do not understand that
the Senator from California is opposed to tha
amendment of my colleague.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to have it
read again after the Senator gets through.
Mr. STEWART. Let it be read. If the
Senator does not object to it, I do not care
about debating it.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of Mr.
Nye.
Mr. CASSERLY. There are two sides to
this question, and I desire to say now what I
did not suppose it was necessary for me to
say, that I have and can have no kind of hos-
tility to the Pac'fie Mail company. I am very
anxious indeed tint they shall stand on a per-
fect equality with everybody else in biddii.g
for this contract. I atn also anxious that
they shall keep up the line between New York
and San Francisco by waj' of Panama, I did
not offer my amendment with any intention
of loading them down in the competition. If
my amendment has any such effect, I should
not desire such an effect. Taking the whole
subject together, I do not know that I shall
oppose the amendment ot' the Senator from
Nevada, especially if it will end the debate
on the amendment which I have offered.
The result of that will be that if there is any
such scheme, of which Ikno-v nothing, as the
Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] has just
referred to hypotheiieally, for the formation
of a body of persons to step in and get the
contract for tne China mail service over the
head of the Pacific Mail Company without
incurring any obligation to keep up the line
between New Yoik and San Francisco ; if
there is any such scheme as thatj i certainly
should not, want to do anything to favor it.
Mr. NYE. Then the Senator accepts my
amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I say I shall not object
further to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from.
Nevada, [Mr. Nye.]
The question being pu', there were on a
division—ayes 24, noes 6 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The question beifg put, there were on a
: division—ayes lo, noes 12.
Mr. WINDOM. 1 call for tiie yeas and nays,
j 1 he yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 21; as follows :
] YEAS—Messrs A'com, Boreman, Cooper, Cragin.
Davis of West Virginia, Goldtbwaite, Hamilton of
1 Maryland. Harlan, Hill, Saulshury, Sprague, Stoek-
< ton, and Ytekcrs—13.
A AYS—Messrs. Caldwell, Cas-serly, Chap filer.
Cole, Conkimj?, Corbett. Edmunds, Ferry of^AIicln-
1 giio. Fiana^au, Kellosg, Kelly, Logan, Nye, Os-
born. Pt-meroy. Pool, Rice, Sawj er, Scott. Stewart,
and Wuidoui—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ame*. Anthony, Bayard, Blair,
Brownlow, Bu"k;ngham, C/iineion, Carpenter. Cla* -
ton, Davis of Kentucky, Fenton, Ferry of Connec-
ticut, Frelinghuyscn. Gilbert, Hamilton of T>xa-.
Hamlin, Hitchcock, Howe, Johnson, LcwK
of Maine. Morriil of Vermont. Morton. Xorwoo^,
Patterson. Pratt, Ramsey, Hansom, Rober'so
Suhurz, Sherman, Spencer, Stevenson, Sumner,
Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, West, Wilson, and
Wright—10.
The VICE _ PRESIDENT. The Sena-o
refuses to adjourn, hut there is no quorum
voting.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Sei-
geant-at,- \rms be directed to request tha
attendance of absent Senators.
Tiu- VICE PRESIDENT put the question,
and declared that the noes appeared to have if.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for a division ou
that motion.
The motion was not agreed to; there being
on a division—ayes 7, noes 18.
Mr. DAVIS, of Yvrest Virginia. Is it hi
order now to move an adjournment?
