1872,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4043
The Chief Clerk. The amendment, as
amended, reads :
That there shall be appointed by the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
a commission of three persons to consider and exam-
ine the various plans and methods of raising the
revenue, and to report the best tax and tariff system
they can devise, having regard to the interests of
labor in its relation to capital and otherwise, and
having regard also to the interests of commerce and
of all cliib&es of the American people. Said persons
shall hold office for one year from the date of their
appeintment. Thatsaid commissioners shall receive
an annual salary oi $5,000 each, shall be authorized
to employ a clerk at an annual salary of $2,500, and
phall report the result of their investigation to the
President, to be by him transmitted to Congress; and
there is hereby appropriated for tne said salaries,
$16,400; and SI,000 in addition thereto for stationery
and postage for the use of said commissioners.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ If there be no
objection the amount appropriated will be in-
creased, as the salary of the clerk was raised,
so as to correspond with that amount. The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is obvious
that the Senate intend by the amendment just
adopted to show that the whole amendment
as offered was incongruous with the present
bill, and that now at the earliest moment they
will vote it out. Such being the conclusion of
the Senate, I desire to say that now I shall
vote against the proposition entirely.
The idea that the Senate of the United
States should organize a commission of this
kind, which would certainly be solely the duty
of the House of Representatives, looks to me
as trenching upon the privileges of the House,
and if it should be organized, our experience
shows that such a commission cannot be prof-
itable, for whichever way such a commission
might lean as to its doctrine in regard to the
tariff, the other side would regard the report
of its facts as unfounded, as uncandid, and as
worthy of no credence.
Mr." President, I trust that we shall not con-
sume any further lime about this subject, but
that the Setiatorfrom South Carolina will take
a proper occasion to bring forward his bill in
such shape as will be likely to receive the ap-
proval ot' the Senate by itself independently
and alone. It is perfectly clear from the
debates in the Senate, and from the adoption
of this amendment, that it is not the purpose
of the Senate to ingraft this subject upon this
bill, and I am not sure that the Senate are not
right. Certainly it is tending to consume a
great deal of time, and I trust we shall not
consume any more. It is obvious already that
a resolution must be introduced to extend the
time of the session of Congress, and 1 hope
that we shall economize our time as much as
possible by getting rid of things^ that cannot
pass or that will consume more time than they
are woith.
Mr. SAWYER. I sympathize very much
with the views ot' tho Senator from Vermont
■who has just addressed the Senate, in part. I
conceive that if this is the deliberate judgment
of the Senate it is a condemnation of the
■whole matter; that the amendment of the
Senator from New York is one that would con-
stitute a commission to take the place of the
Committee of Ways and Means of the House
and the Committee on Finance of the Senate;
and J see no propriety in paying a commission
filteen or twenty thousand dollars a year to do
work which belongs to those committees. I
do not believe that it is the deliberatejudgment
of the Senate to kill this measure. I think
votes were thrown in reference to the proposi-
tion under a misapprehension of the circum-
stances. I shall myself take occasion to renew
the amendment when the bill comes into the
Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I give notice that I will
make the point of order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Can the Sen-
ator from South Carolina now withdraw the
amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. He can by unan-
imous consent. It having been amended it is
not within his power.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope he
will ask unanimous consent.
Mr. CONKLING. While the Senator is
considering that, if we can reach a vote upon
the amendment presently, as I trust we may,
I hope it will not be withdrawn. The Senator
from Vermont says the Senate has signified its
purpose to reject the whole thing in substance
by adopting my amendment. I say to the
Senator, with fewer lights than he has, that I
believe the amendment is far more useful now
than it was as first offered, and that it will be
productive of good. If we can have an intel-
ligent commission to look into the whole mat-
ter of taxation in its sources and present the
conflicting views, perhaps, so much the better.
Very much information may be struck out by
the conflict of ideas, and we can have it at
the next session of Congress and employ it to
a useful purpose; but at the same time I urge
upon the Senator from Vermont, as I remarked
before, that everything which the proposition
contained in the first instance applicable espe-
cially to the interest of labor is preserved, and
it is simply enlarged and turned into an addi-
tional and useful direction. I do not see why
we should discredit it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment as amended.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. As usual I do not seem to be
very closely allied to anybody about me. I
voted against the amendment moved by the
Senator from New. York because I did not
like it quite so well as I did the amendment as
it stood before the Senate ; but I must say to
the Senator from Vermont and others that' I
think that better than nothing.
I want to say another thing, and that is,
thatunlessyou get a sensible commission under
this bill neither of these propositions will do
the country or any portion of the country any
good ; and if you do get a sensible commission,
a commission tit for the discharge of the trust,
I do humbly concede that that commission can
fling all the light, and would fling all the light
upou this whole subject, acting under the in-
structions contained in the amendment moved
by the Senator from New York, that they would
throw upon it if acting under the proposition
as it came from the Committee on Education
and Labor. I should be very glad to get some-
thing better than this, something fuller, some-
thing more explicit; but I do think we had
better take this than take nothing, or to run
the risk of getting anything better by and by.
Therefore, although I voted with the Senator
from Vermont on the question of adopting the
amendment, I believe I shall have to divide
with him and vote for the amendment as it now
stands, believing it to be better than nothing.
Mr. WILSON. I regret that this amend-
ment has been adopted. There is in the coun-
try a very deep interest in the rights and inter-
ests of labor. A great deal is now said about
labor founded not on sound principles or on
ascertained facts. We want to obtain facts.
We want to understand the facts relating to
labor, its rights, duties, and interests. For
that purpose this proposition was introduced
into the House of Representatives by a gentle-
man who has given a great deal of time to the
study of subjects connected with laboring inter-
ests, and it was adopted by a large majority.
It was received in the country as a movement
intended to spread information of value among
the people.
We have adopted an amendment that is not
so full, not so complete as the original propo-
sition. It narrows the investigation. I regret
exceedingly that this position has been taken
by the Senate. If the proposition is adopted
and good men are appointed, men thoroughly
in earnest, men of intelligence who will exam-
ine this subject to the extent to which they are
authorized by this amendment, we shall obtain
information of some value. At the end of the
year we may go on and complete the work.
We shall then have a report that will bo
deemed and taken by all men as a standard
work. Such a work will tend to dissipate
prejudice and passion, to liberalize capitalists,
to make them feel that capital has its duties as
well as its rights, and to make workingmeu
see more clearly that the rights and interests,
of capital and labor are reciprocal rather than
hostile. Pacts, and facts alone, can scatter
ignorance, prejudice, and passion, and give
our people, rich and poor, clear conceptions of
their interests, duties, and rights.
Mr. MORTON. I regret the adoption of
this amendment because it is virtually smoth-
ering the proposition that passed the House
and came before the Senate. The idea at this
day of sending out a commission to investigate
and report upon the tariff question seems to
me to be absurd. The debate last night I will
not say was an insult, but I will say was not
treating the great body of workingmeu of
this country who are engaged in this move-
ment with that respect to which they are en-
titled. Hundreds of thousands, and 1 may say
millions of them are discussing the questions
involved in what is called the labor movement,
with earnestuess, with ability, with intelli-
gence; and when a proposition is made to
appoint a commission to investigate some of
these questions which are novel, about which
the country is not as well informed as it ought
to be, it should not be sneered at, and this
vast body of men should not be snubbed in
his public way.
I was in hopes this commission would be
appointed, that able men would be put upon
it, and at least one workingman put upon it as
the bill contemplated by its phraseology, and
when that report should come iu it would be
considered as it ought to be. It might go
far toward satisfying the workingmeu of this
country who think that the legislation of the
country is unfortunate for them and who ihink
their interests are not sufficiently protected.
So far from stirring up divisions it might tend
to allay them, to pacify them, and to bring
about a better state of feeling than now seems
to be existing between the employers and the
employed. 1 think the smothering of this prop-
osition is in every way unfortunate.
Mr. ROBERTSON. At the request of
several of my friends, I move to reconsider the
vote by which the substitute was adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina moves to reconsider the
vote by which the Senate agreed to the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from New York.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope that motion will
not be agreed to. I think the proposition of
the Senator frotn New York is an improve-
ment upon the original one, for 1 believe no
man can consider the original question of the
relations of capilal to labor without also con-
sidering in this country the subject of tax-
ation,, of raising revenue, the subject of tariff
as it is sometimes called. Every practical
man knows that this subject of the tariff, of
the protection, or encouragement, or whatever
you please to call it, that is given to the pro-
ductive industries of the country, is really the
question of the laboring man. Every man
who is employed in any sort of mechanism,
and every man, as I believe, who is employed
in cultivating the soil, is interested in that
very question, and you cannot philosophically
consider one without considering the other.
Therefore, as this proposition, which has now
been agreed to, embraces both, while it enables
the commission to consider each on its own
merits, it also requires it to consider them in
connection, it will give us broader means of
legislation for advancing the interests of all
classes in this country than any other method
of inquiry could. I hope, therefore, without
taking up the time of the Seftate, that this
reconsideration will not be agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. The bill reported by the
committee makes the duties of the commis-
