4044
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
sinners consist in investigating "the subject
of the wages and hoars of labor, and of the
division of the joint profits of labor and cap-
ital between the laborer and the capitalist, and
the social, educational, and sanitary condition
of the laboring classes of the United States,
and how the same are affected by existing
. laws regulating commerce, finance, and cur-
rency." If that investigation does not em-
brace all that is embraced in the amendment
of the Senator from NewYork, and much more,
I cannot read the English language correctly.
Mr. President, the amendment of the Sena-
tor from New York, as I said before, is aprop-
• osition to assign to a paid commission duties
every one of which belongs to the Committee
of Ways and Means of the House of Repre-
sentatives and the Committee on Finance of
the Senate. It is simply surplusage, and in
my opinion should not receive the consider-
ation of the Senate for oue moment. It would
not, as an independent proposition, receive
that consideration for one moment, and would
only be voted for simply to kill the original
proposition.
I am sorry that the American Senate seem
determined to ignore all those great questions
which are agitating the laboring classes, not
only of this but of all other countries, and the
proper solution of the problem which under-
lies our whole economical system. I believe
if this subject could receive the mature and
careful consideration of the Senate, there
would be no hesitancy in doing this slight and
simple thing to meet the demands which are
peculiar to this hour. I hope the motion of
my colleague will prevail, and that we shall
reconsider the vote by which we adopted the
substitute of the Senator from New York.
Mr. HOWE. I trust the Senate will indulge
me in one more word. Of course I shall vote
for this motion to reconsider. I do not rise
for the purpose of giving that assurance there-
fore. I rise for the purpose of saying, in reply
to a suggestion just made by the Seuator from
South Carolina, that whatever may be the
result of this motion to reconsider, whether it
is agreed to by the Senate or is rejected by the
Senate, I hope no well-informed person here
or elsewhere will come to the conclusion that
it indicates a settled purpose on the part of
the Senate to ignore or give the go-by in any
way to the great question which is set forth
not only in the amendment which comes from
the Committee on Education and Labor, but
is set forth, as I think, almost as distinctly in
the proposition made by the SenatorfromNew
York. I shall not believe myself, I hope no
one will believe, that the American Senate
have sat down upon the conclusion that they
will, or that they can, ignore that question or
that they wish to do so ; for I think nothing
is more certain than that by the time the Sen-
ate found itself comfortably seated on that
conclusion it would be apt to get hoisted in a
manner very unwelcome to itself. Sir, this is
a question which cannot be ignored ; that is
just as certain as the future; and therefore I
believe that a body containing as much wisdom
as this Senate does, does not intend to do any
such thing.
I shall vote for the motion to reconsider,
mainly for the reason which induces the Sen-
ator from Vermont to vote against reconsid-
eration. Tlie difference between the Senator
from Vermont and myself is only a difference
in the way of estimating these two proposi-
tions ; and yet I agree with the Senator from
Vermont that you cannot draw a good tariff
bill, a perfect tariff bill, without an adequate
consideration and a full apprehension of this
whole question of the relations of labor to
capital. Therefore I believe if you get a sen-
sible commission under the proposition of the
Senator from New York, they will, when they
report to yon a sensible tariff bill, report to
you the true conclusions upon this subject, so
far as they affect the question of a tariff; but
if you stand upon the proposition moved by
the Committee on Education and Labor, that
commission, I think, will have a larger field
open to them, and they will report to you, if
they discharge their whole duty, not only all
the relations between capital and labor, so far
as they bear upon the question of a tariff, but
so far as they bear upon every industrial ques-
tion which affects the people of the United
States. It is for that reason that I shall vote
for the motion to reconsider.
Mr. COLE. It is becoming more and more
apparent that it will be impossible for Congress
to adjourn at the time fixed, to wit, next
Monday. There is a proposition now pending
on this tariff bill that has really nothing to do
with that bill, which is utterly foreign to it,
which has no more to do with itthan a pension
bill, or a bridge bill, or some other bill of that
nature. It has, however, afforded an excel-
lent opportunity for Senators to display their
eloquence and exhibit their logic; but no
other purpose has been effected and none will
be effected by this amendment. The galleries
are filled with delegates to the national con-
vention that is to meet presently, prominent
politicians, who ought to hear from their
representatives in this body, and they have
had a good opportunity on this amendment,
and I suppose they will have excellent oppor-
tunities upon numerous other amendments
that will be presented upon this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Have the California dele-
gates arrived?
Mr. COLE. No, sir.
There are several important appropriation
bills behind, and there seems to be a determ-
ination on the part of the Senate to crowd them
into the very last hours of the session or de-
feat them; and I give notice to Senators that
those bills will be defeated, if I can bring it
about, rather than allow them to be incum-
bered with the improper legislation that will
be sought to be forced upon them by those who
I suppose are anxious to get their measures
through upon the appropriation bills.
Sir, we all know that the sundry civil appro-
priation bill, which contains the money that
is to carry on very many of the branches of
this Government for the next fiscal year, is
yet behind. It ought to have several days for
its consideration. It is impossible that that
bill should be properly considered, considered
as it should be, short of several days. Now,
sir, this is Thursday, and we are drifting along
in the afternoon of this day, and there are
only three or four days of the session re-
maining.
Then, in addition to the civil appropria-
tion bill, there is the fortification bill, and
the river and harbor bill, and other bills
of great importance to the public, all undis-
posed of. Nothing has been done by this
Congress for the promotion and benefit of
commerce; a great many of the leading inter-
ests of the country have been uttferly neg-
lected ; but Senators seem to think it is of
more importance to discuss questions which
are of no consequence on this particular bill,
than to proceed with the business of the session.
I wish to say this much for the purpose
of reminding Senators that a resolution has
already been adopted for an adjournment on
next Monday, and this is Thursday afternoon,
and the House of Representatives, I think, will
have a great deal of reluctance to extending
the time. If they refuse to do so, there must
be another session called immediately to fol-
low this, and I do not think that will appear
very well in the records of the country or of
the Republican party. Senators are perhaps
defending the Republican party, in their own
estimation, by talking on the labor question
and other questions in connection with the
tariff bill, but I think they will do the party
much more injury than benefit by such a course.
I do hope that Senators will realize the situa-
tion we are now in and permit business to be
transacted during the brief space that is left
of the session.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am satisfied from the
discussion that has taken place on this ques-
tion that the subject is one which the Senate
cannot comprehend, and therefore if it is in
order I should like to suggest that the whole
subject be referred to the Philadelphia con-
vention. [Laughter.] I am satisfied that by
the platform of the convention capital will
be properly protected and labor properly re-
warded. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair doubts
whether that would be in order under the rules
of the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. I suggest to my friend from
Delaware that that reference is entirely un-
necessary. The Philadelphia convention in-
tends to settle this whole question, any way.
[Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on reconsidering the vote by which the Senate
agreed to the amendment of the Senator from
New York.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 32; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Casserly, Cragin,
Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Hitchcock, llowe, Lewis,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Osborn, Patterson,
Pool, Ramsey, Robertson, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman,
Spencer, Sprague, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, and
Wilson—25.
NAYS — Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Buckingham,
Caldwell, Cameron, Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Conk-
ling, Corbett, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut,
Ferry of Michigan, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamilton
of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Johnston, Kel-
logg, Logan, Norwood, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ransom,
Saulsbury, Schurz, Stevenson, Stewart, Trumbull,
Vickers Windom, and Wright—32.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Brownlow,
Carpenter, Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of
West Virginia, Fenton, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill,
Kelly, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Rice, Stockton, and
West—17.
So the motion to reconsider was not
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment as amended, on
which the yeas and nays have been ordered-
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to offer an amend,
ment to the amendment as it now stands. I
move to insert after the word " persons," and
before the amendment of the Senator from
New York, these words:
Who shall be selected from civil life, solely with
reference to character and capacity for an intelli-
gent, honest, and impartial investigation, ii respect-
ive of partisan considerations, and of whom at least
one shall be practically identified with the laboring
interests of the country, and shall have had thorough
personal experience and information in respect to
the same.
The language of this amendment is taken
almost verbatim, from the bill reported by the
Senator from South Carolina some time ago to
the Senate. The object of course is, pro tanto,
to carry out the purpose of that measure in
the particular referred to in the amendment.
I trust there will be no objection to adopting it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
California.
Mr. CASSERLY. I find there is some
misunderstanding, eitheramong Senators about
me or on my own part, in regard to the lan-
guage of the amendment of the Senator from
New York, just adopted. Therefore, I will ask
the Clerk to read that amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the first section as it now stands
in the amendment.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
That there shall be appointed by the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
a commission of three persons to consider and ex-
amine the various plans and methods of raising rev-
enue, and report the best tax and tariff system they
can devise, having regard to the interests o£ labor
m its relations to capital and otherwise, and having
regard also to the interests of commerce and of all
classes of the American people. Said persons shall
hold office for one year from the date of their ap-
pointment.
Mr. CASSERLY. Now let my amendment
be reported.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment to the
amendment is to insert after the word " per-
