18S6
THE.CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
mehts, such as those of Te*as, from all bene-
fits of common free schools; This policy was
necessary to suStairl the system of Slavery^ for
with Sdticatioh came iiiqairy, investigation,
incte&se bf wedlth, politifetil poWSfj and study
of thfe (science bf political economy and the
rights Of metl, and the institdtiort of slavery
Cbttld not island the tfest of this crucible!
Also there eiisted a large Class of litlGd.il-
cated people, To this el&ss there has been
added the iritaS of the tttitutbred blacks) by
theif tefrimieipStion and enfranchisement! No
one cftti possibly understand the danger of this
large elass of ignorant people in the body-
politic better tlian persons, like myself, who
havfe had opportunity td study the two civil-
izations, North ahd South. No party can un-
derstand it better than the Republican party.
It is to avoid the evil which must necessarily
flow from this condition of affairs that the
BepuBlican party of the country ahd of the
States where it exists are so earnest in the
effort to change it by the establishment, not
only of State systems of education, but of a
national one also.
The tilling class Of the South has hereto-
fore prevented, through the organization of
the Democratic party, tile odiicatioti of even a
portion Of their white citizeiisj and would still
prevent all qducat.ibn of black men. They
resent the enfranchisement bf the black man
as dti attempt to 1-aise liirh to a social equal-
ity with thetnselvoS. They cannot or wilt not
realize the fact that this ertfhnichisemeut was
art absolute necessity in our form of govern-
ment, which is based upon the fundamental
principle that all men are created equal, and
that Under this democratic rule there cannot
exist in this country a whole race of pariahs
in oiir political fabric. They oppose the edu-
cation of the black man Upon the same pretext
of social equality, and would prefer no schools
at all rather thtin submit to such degradation
under the forms of law.
It is by such appeals to the passions of
uneducated white people of the South tlmt we
ate cursed with that brutal form of the organ-
ization of the Democratic party denominated
the Ku KluA Klan, atid that, sort which rather
conducts a congressional canvass by personal
assault ilpon a political opponent, than by an
appeal to the intelligence ami good judgment of
the people. We, on the other hand, believe
that the education of the people, white and
black, will prevent the possibility of such
political organizations, teach them to exercise
their political rights correctly, and also their
relative privileges and duties toward each
other, which Shall prevent all danger from the
evils that arc predicted oil account of social
intercourse, which, in all educated and well-
regulated communities, is arranged by the in-
dividual members to suit, themselves.
These remarks ;trc not foreign to the subject
presented in the bill for the sale of a portion
of Texas territory, for one of the strong rea-
sons for (he passage of that measure is that it
will immediately pkee under the control ot the
State an available fund with which to begin at
once, and carry out, to a successful accomplish-
ment, a system of public free schools for the
education of all classes of our people, whose
ignorance is always a menace, the danger from
which increases the longer itcontinues to exist.
It has been shown that, the fund cannot bo
wasted, for our constitution provides that the
school fund shall be invested in United States
bonds and in no other securities, and it is thus
protected from the hands of the spoiler, from
investments in railroads, slaveholding bonds,
or indorsed bonds, under any and all of which
Democratic provisions it could be plundered
and wasted like the five millions plundered
and wasted by the Democracy in the past. On
the other hand, the purchase of this territory
by the United States would at a trifling cost,
add at least sixty million acres of land to the
public domain, and enlarge the national edu-
cational fund by the addition of a territory
equal in extent to the great States of Missouri
and Indiana, and capable of sustaining an
equal population with those States.
Another reason is that this territory may be
saved to this noble and humane endowment
by the purchase. All experience teaches that
where the General Government has parted
with its right of eminent domain in any of the
public lands by cessions to the States; these
lands have passed into the hands of private
persons atid corporations for purposes of spec-
ulation. The Commissioner of the General
Land Office reports that the swamp lands
ceded to the different States in which they are
situated have thus been disposed of without
realizing any Of the benefits intehded by the
grant. The land scrip given to the States for
agricultural colleges has been generally Sold
for cash by the States, and in this manner
immense areas of the public domain have
passed into the hands of laud speculators,
who locate this scrip on the very best vacant
lands of the country and then hold them at
high prices, which they are generally enabled
to obtain by ineftns of internal improvements
for which these speculators obtain national or
State aid to their own profit. These facts
offer the most convincing .arguments why the
General Government, in the management of
the national educational fund, should prescribe
the conditions and retain the control of the
fund to the uses for which it is intended, and
not leave it, especially in the South, to the
mercy of the Democratic party, should that
party obtain control, whose policy is a pauper
school for the poor white man and no school
at all for the black man. And what is true
of the other States is true of Texas; if the
territory is retained, it will be frittered away
and finally pass into the hands of speculators,
to the detriment of the best interests of the
State and country.
1 coine now to my second proposition, the
advantages accruing to the Indian poliby in
the acquisition of this territory by the United
States.
A portion of the territory included in the
joint resolution lies north of lied river and
between New Mexico and the Indian territory
of the civilized tribes of the Creeks, Choctaws,
and Cherokees. This country is called the
Pan-Handle in Texas. Through the Pan-
Handle, the Red river and the north and
south forks of the Canadian meander with
their tributaries, and between these waters are
piled up the pyramidal peaks of a portion of
the range of the Wichita mountains. The fol
lowing description of this Wichita country is
taken from an article in the Galaxy, written
by General Custer, called '' Life on the Plains
" Approaching: the Wichita mountains from the
north, and after the eyo has perhaps boon wearied
by the lameness and monotony of tho unbroken
plains, mti! i^ gladdened by tho relict which the sight
of these picturesque and peculiarly beautiful mount-
ains affords.
'' tl';rc arc to be seen all the varied colors which
Ilierstadt and Church endeavor to represent in their
mountain scencry. • A journey across or around them,
on foot and upon horseback wilt welt repay either
the tourist or artist. The air is pure and fmgrant,
and a* exhilarating as the purest wine; the climate
entrancing!Sf unld; tho sky clear, and blue as the
most beautiful sapphire, with here and there clouds
ot tho rarest loveliness, presenting to the eye tile
richest commingling of colors. Delightful odors are
being constantly wafted by; while the forests, filled
with the mocking-bird, the eolibri, the humming-
bird, and the thrush, constantly put forth a joyful
chorus, and all combine to fill tho soul with visions
of delight, and enhance the glory and perfection of
creation.
"TJnliko most mountains, the Wichita cannot
properly bo termed a range or chain, but more cor-
rectly a collection or group, as many of the highest
and most beautiful are detached, and stand on a
level plain ' solitary and alone.' They are conical
in shape, and appeal-to have but little resembhuieo
to tho soil upon which they are founded. From the
foot, of almost every mountain pours a stream of
liiuphl v. .;U;r of almost icy coldness."
This territory, rich as is its soil and beau-
tiful as is its scenery, has not attracted the
attention of white settlers from the fact that
it is hemmed in oh the one side by the In-
dians of the Choctaw, Creek, and Cherokee
tribes on the east, and the Hispano-Indian
population of New Mexico on the west. And
for this reason it will be many years before it
will be settled by the white race, if it is ever
settled by any other class than the wild bor-
derersj whose occupation of it, so far as the
people of Texas are concerned, would be as
little desirable as its present occupancy by the
Wild Indians of the plains, who now make it
their home and hiding-place, whence they raid
upon the Texas lrontier.
For these reasons its sale to the United
States for the purpose of an Indian reserva-
tion would be a solid gain to the people of
Texas, not only on account of the benefits
which would flow to the State by the imme-
diate use of the purchase-money to build up
free schools, but because its transfer to the
United States as a reservation would bring
these wild tribes under the subjection of tho
Army and the influence of the civilization of
their brothers of the Indian territory and their
half-brothers of New Mexico, and thus relieve
the people of Texas from the annoyances ot'
their predatory raids, which will continue to
harass them until these nomadic tribes are
placed upon reservations and compelled to
remain 011 them. The advantages of settling
the Indians into a compact territory need no
argument in their support. The policy of
placing them on reservations is the adopted
policy of the country, and the Indian must
conform to the demands of advancing civil-
ization and become fixed to the soil, or he
must suffer the inevitable fate of extermin-
ation:
The joint resolution for the sale of the ter-
ritory provides that while one half the pur-
chase-money shall be paid into the treasury
of the State to form a part of the public free-
school fund, in accordance with its constitu-
tion, the other half shall be retained in the
United Stales Treasury to secure any indebt-
edness already created by the laws of Texas.
This provision follows the precedent in the
sale of the Santa F6 territory to the United
States. By the articles of annexation all the
public domain of the republic of Texas was
to remain the property of the State, and the
State was to pay the public debt of the repub-
lic. But the creditors of the republic con-
tended that the Government of the United
States, by annexing Texas and absorbing the
public revenues derived by tariffs and taxa-
tion, had rendered itself liable for the public
debt. Ilence that provision in the act for the
purchase of Santa P6.
ASSAULTS OF TIIE DEMOCRACY UPON THE EEPUBLICAX
i'AKTY IX TEXAS.
The Democratic party of the United States
has declared that the reconstruction laws of
Congress are absolutely "unconstitutional,
null and void," and that the governments
erected in the States lately iu rebellion by
those laws were forced upon the people of the
South ; that they are not in justice or equity
bound by the acts of such governments, but
that all obligations contracted by them arc
chargeable against the Government which
inaugurated and forced them upon the rebel
States. Hence, the innocent purchasers of
the obligations of these governments might
plead the same plea of the public creditors of
the republic of Texas, and as the Democracy
of the South announce that they intend to
recover the control of the southern States,
and, through the electoral votes of those
States, to recover the control of the national
Government, the necessity of the provision
retaining a part of the purchase-money in the
United States Treasury becomes apparent.
The actual and present debt of the State
of Texas is but a trifling affair compared with
the resources of the State, not amounting to
more than about half a million dollars. But
the last Legislature has provided for a pros-
