314$
the congressional globe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I move that
the Senate adjouru.
The motion was agreed to; there being on
a division—ayes 19, noes 7; and (at six o'clock
and fifteen minutes p.m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 7, 1872. !
The House met at eleven o'clock a, m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
lands, etc., at harper's ffekky.
On motion of Mr. McGREW, by unanimous
consent, the bill (S. No. 67) for the relief of
the purchasers of lots and houses and lots sold
by virtue of an act. of Congress entitled "An
act providing for the sale of the lands, tene-
ments, and water privileges belonging to the
United States at and near Harper's Ferry, iti
the county of Jefferson, West Virginia," ap-
proved December 15, 1868, was taken from
the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
lands forfeited for taxes, etc.
On motion of Mr. KERR, by unanimous
consent, the bill (S. No. 780) to provide for
the redemption and sale of lands held by the
United States under the several acts levying
direct taxes was taken from the Speaker's
table, read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
pottawatomie indiana, etc.
The SPEAKER. The bill (S. No. 988) to
provide homes for the Pottawatomie and ab-
sentee Shawnee Indians in the Indian terri-
tory has been returned from the Senate with
the information that the Senate disagrees to
the amendment of the House and requests a
conference. If there be no objection, a con-
ference with the Senate will oe ordered.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The SPEAKER. The gent! eman from
Michigan, chairman of tbe Cuuimittee of
Cl'Jims, deeires *o Uke up certain bills which
have comts from the Senate and are now lying
on the Speaker'h table, f>v the purpose of
having them referred to «haf. committee, in
order that they ma> be considered before Sat-
urday ot next week, vvhidi ha^ set down
Jur the business, coiniugfiom ihe Cominiitet i.f
Claims. Tf there be no objection, iho bills
■will be taken up, considered severally, read a
first and second time, and referie'd to the
Committee of Claims, with the understanding
that they are not to be brought back bv a
motion to reconsider.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The Clerk then read Senate bills of the fol-
lowing titles:
An act. (S. No. 905) for the relief of Harriet
Spring, the heir of Captain Williams Barker,
deceased;
An act (S. No. 908) for the relief of John
Potts, chief clerk of the War Department;
An act ($. No. 97) for the relief of William
Henry O-is;
An act (5. No. lo'Jj conferring upon the
Court of Claims power to hear and determine
tne claim of J. W. Parnsh & Co. for damages
the alleged violation of their contract with
the united States tor the delivery of ice *
An act (S. No. 197) for the relief of d! Jay
Browne, deceased :
An act (S. No. 105) for the relief of J. Mil-
ton Best 5
An act (S. No. 200) for the relief of William
H. Colledge •
An act (S. No. 199) for the relief of L. Mer-
chant & Co. ;
An act (S. No. 95) for the relief of Minerva
Lewis, as administratrix of the estate of
Ezekiel Lewis, deceased;
An act (S. No. 895) for the relief of Milo
Pra 11 *
An act (S. No. 929) for the relief of Robert
Lowrey, of Nashville, Tennessee ;
An act (S. No. 201) for the relief of Phoebe
Hepburn;
An act (S. No. 161) for the relief of those
suffering fiom the destruction of the salt-works
near Manchester, Kentucky, pursuant to the
orders of Major General Carlos Buell;
An act (S. No. 687) for the relief of Charles
and Henry W. Spencer; and
An act"(S. No. 608) for the relief of the
United States Express Company.
Mr. DAWES. How do those bill come up?
Tbe SPEAKER. They have been tiken
from the Speaker's table by unanimous consent,
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Claims, with the understand-
ing that they are not to be brought back by a
motion to reconsider.
kjsconinoissance op arizona and nevada.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
Senate concurrent resolution providing for
printing four thousand additional copies of
the Reconuoissance ot Arizona and NevaJa
in quarto form and bound, will be taken from
the Speaker's table, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
securities of the united states.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee of Ways and Means, reported
a bill (II. R. No. 2690) defining and limiting
i the appropriation of certain money for the prep-
| aration, issue, and reissue of the securities of
j the United States, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time.
1 The bill, which was read, provides that the
expenses of loans, legal tender notes, frac-
tional currency, checks, certificates, stamps,
commissions, and any plate and seal engrav-
ing and printing required by the Treasury
Department, including the issue, reissue,
transfer, delivery, redemption, and destruc-
tion of securities, shall be paid from and shall
not, exceed the appropriation of one per
| cent, in the amount of legal-tender notes.
I fractional currency, and securities issued and
j redeemed during each fiscal year: provided
I that nothing herein contained shall authorize
I any additional expenditure whatever under
i the act of July 14, 1870, authorizing the re-
funding of the national debt.
j The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
I read a third t;me ; and being engrossed, it was
I accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr, DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed : and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
I POETS OF DELIVERY
[ Mr. NEGLEY, by unanimous consent, from
| the Cotnmi'tee on Commerce, reported a bill
I (fl. R. No, 2691) to amend an act entitled
j "An acr, to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes," approved July 14, 1870 ; which
was read a first and second time.
Ihe bill was read. It proposes to extend
the privileges of an act entitled "Ail act to
reduce internal taxes, and for other purposes,"
approved July 14, 1870, to the ports ot Nash-
ville, in the State of Tennessee; San Diego, iu
the State^ of California, and Albany, in the
State ot New York, with the same effect as if
they had been inserted in the thirty-fifth sec-
tion of said act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. NEGLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state* ;
that several bills of this kind establishing ports
of delivery have been reported this session,
the effect of which can only be understood bv
reference to the body of the bill. The Chair
would suggest that the title is not a p'erspicu- •
oustitle,and thatitoughtnottobeperpetuated.
contested election giddings vs olabk.
Mr. McCRARY. I rise to a question <>f
privilege. The Committee of Elections haVe
instructed me to make the following report."
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That W. T. Clark is not entitled to a
hea* in this House from tho third congressional dis-
trictofthe State of Texas.
Resolved, That D. C. Giddings is entitled to a seat
in this House irorn the said third congressional dis-
trict of the State of Texas.
Mr. McCRARY. I give notice that I will
call up this case on Thursday next, and I move
that the report and resolutions be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
taxes on distilled spirits.
Mr. BECK. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Wave and Means to report back the
hill (S. No. 881) to provide for the abatement
or repayment of taxes on distilled spirits in
bond, destroyed by casualty, with amend-
ments, in which I ask the House to concur.
; Tbe bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
| tary of the Treasury, upon the production of
S satisfactory proof to him of the actual destruc-
! tion of any distilled spirits by accidental fire,
j or other casualty, and without any fraud, col-
I lusion, or negligence of the owner of such
i spirits, while the fame remained in the ens-
; tody of any officer of the internal revenue in
j any bonded warehouse of the United States, to
i abate or refund, as the case may be, out of any
! moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
' priated, the amount cf internal revenue taxes
paid or accruing thereon, and to cancel any
warehouse bond, or enter satisfaction thereon,
in whole or in part, as the case may be.
In its second section it provides that tlys
act shall take effect in all cases of loss or de-
struction of distilled spirits as aforesaid which
hiive occurred since January 1, 1868; pro-
vided, however, that when the owners of such
distilled spirits so destroyed as aforesaid may
be indemnified against said tax by a valid
claim of insurance, said taxes shall not be re-
mitted to the extent of such insurance.
Ihe amendments reported by the Commit-
tee ot Ways and Means were read.as follows:
Amend by striking out all after the words "actual
destruction," in line two of Senate bill, down to
and including tne words "such spirits." in line tour,
and insert in lieu thereof the following: by acci-
dental fire or other casualty, and without any traua,
collusion, or negligence of the owner thereof oi any
distilled spirits on which the taxes had not been
paid."
Amend further, by inserting in lme six; ot tne
Senate bill, after the words "in any," the following
words, "distillery, warehouse, or."
The question was on concurring in the
amendments.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The House
this morning seems to be doing its business
by allowing the Presiding Officer and tbe Clerk
alone to attend to it. I should wish that tne
members of the House should take some par
in it. 1 happen to know what this bill is,
being a member of the committee which has
reported it, but I do not think that aDJolie,.|!
been listening to the reading of the bui,
except the gentleman from Kentucky, I1 r-
Beck,] who reported it.- . •
The SPEAKER. If that be the case, Jt is
the fault of the other members of the Hou •
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I only
to arouse the attention of the House to w
is going on. , .
1 he SPEAKER. The bill was read in an
audible tone by the Clerk, and if members
did not listen to it it was their own fault.
Mr. BECK. I think a very few words oi
explanation will enable the House to1"1
stand this bill. It merely authorizes tbe
retary of the Treasury, on satisfactory p
