408
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 20,
Senate,
Extension of Ku Klux Act—Mr. Mcorn.
42b Cong....2dSess.
wards of $5,000 offered by the Governor of
Mississippi for the apprehension and convic-
tion of any persons guilty of outrages of the
Ku Klux. 1 know more than that: upon the
eastern border of Mississippi, in the county of
Lee, a public meeting at a place where 1 had
been met during the halcyon days of military
government with menace, was held under a
call of the planters. They pledged themselves
there to the support of the State government
in the maintenance of law and order.
I will state to the Senator farther that Gov-
ernor Brown, of Mississippi, who had been a
Senator in the Congress of the United States,
one of those who left Congress at the time the
State seceded, published a letter in which he
stated that it was not only the duty of the
citizens to prosecute these Ku Klux, but that
they must be aciive in their prosecution; that
they must go out after them and hunt them
up ; that tlie peace of the State and the pros-
perity of the State demanded that they should
give more than a passive support to the law.
But I will tell the Senator this: when the
Government of the United States undertook
the enforcement of the law, the people felt
that they were absolved from direct obliga-
tion to maintain it. You have not up to this
time thrown the responsibility of enforcing
the law upon the people of the State of Mis-
sissippi; and I am speaking only of Missis-
sippi. You first ruled over them with the
bayonet, the Government of the United States
becoming directly responsible for the peace of
society and the maintenance of the law. When
civil government was restored, it was not twelve
months—before it had timo to right itself—
when you came again into the State with over-
shadowing power, and took from the people
their direct responsibility for enforcing law and
order. Let the people in Mississippi be held
responsible for the enforcement of the law in
that State as the people are in Indiana, and I
undertake to say to the Senator that law and
order will be maintained in Mississippi in a
degree equal to that in his own State. But so
long as the Federal Government interposes, so
long as it'uadertakes the execution of the law,
taking it away from the people of the State,
just so long will the people of Mississippi, just
so long will the people of any State North or
South, give to the law but a passive sup-
port. But place the responsibility of support-
ing the law upon the citizens of the State.
Hold them accountable for law and order. If
they show after a full and fair trial that they
will not protect properly and life, that in short
they are incapable of self-government, then
let the Government of the United States fling
them back to the dominion of the bayonet-
When they show that they are not capable of
doing this thirtg, I say here in my place that I
stand ready to take from them their State gov-
ernment, and enforce obedience to the law at
the point of the sword.
Mr^ PRATT. I beg to inquire of the honor-
able Senatorwhether theState courts enforced
the law before Congress intervened, before the
passage of the enforcement act of 1870, and the
act of April, 1871, commonly know as the Ku
Klux bill? Did the State courts enforce the
Jaw and give protection to life, person, and
property before the passage of those laws ?
Again, I beg to inquire of the Senator whether
he regards the legislation of Congress as super-
seding the State laws, as depriving the State
coutts of the power of indicting the guilty par-
ties for murder, arson, or whatever the offense
may be?
Mr. ALCORN. I will state to the Senator
that, so far as the State courts were concerned,
they did as a rule enforce the law. In sixty
out of sixty-nine counties of Mississippi the
law was enforced as rigidly as it ever had
been in that State. I stated to the Senate
a while ago that in the border counties the
State courts did not enforce the law; the grand
juries did not discharge their duty as I felt
they should have discharged it. I sent wit-
nesses to the grand jury myself with proof
which I thought was sufficient to find indict-
ments; but no indictments were found. Then
I stated that I appealed to the Legislature to
give me power to change the venue, and to
bring the perpetrators of crime in those cases
to counties which I might select for the pur-
poses of justice ; and it is in this I charge here
that by a combination of the friends of the
Senator from Mississippi, a wicked combina-
tion of carpet-baggers and of Democrats, jus-
tice in bringing the Ku Klux to trial and con-
viction was made to fail in Mississippi. If the
Kb Klux law or the enforcement act had not
been passed, and the carpet-bag incendia-
ries in the Legislature of Mississippi had not
been encouraged to believe that Congress
would take the protection of the State into
its own hands, I have no doubt the Ku Klux
there would have been suppressed by severe
justice for their crimes against our society.
But when Congress passed the enforcement
act, although the State government was not
absolved from its duty, the people became
restive. They refused to act, in the case. They
believed a wrong had been done them. While
they did not encourage the Ku Klux, they re-
fused to take part iu the prosecution of men in
the courts of the United States. I will not say
that th'ey did right, but I state the fact that
this is what they did, and it was a result that
might have been reasonably expected. If
to-day the Congress of the United States were
to extend the enforcement act over the State of
Indiana, and every case of criminal wrong
were transferred from the State courts to the
United States courts, I undertake to say the
State courts in Indiana would cease to use ex-
ertions, and the people of Indiana would feel
but little pride in the enforcement of the law.
They would say, "The Government of the
United States has it in its otvn hands and in
its otfn keeping; the Government is suffi-
ciently powerful to right itsef; let the Govern-
ment make good the prosecution." That
would be the result. The very fact that the
Federal authority had gone there to discharge
a duty of the State, an overshadowing power
'setting aside in contempt a feebler agency,
would naturally cause the people to look with
more or less contempt on their own courts.
I will give the Senator an illustration. I do
not vouch for its correctness, but cite it as I see
it stated in a newspaper of the county in which
the event is said to have taken place. While the
the circuit court was sitting about four weeks
ago in the county of Winston, in Mississippi,
a deputy marshal of the United States came
there with an armed band of soldiers and sur-
rounded the court-house. He went into the
court-room, seized a colored juror, hand-cuffed
him, the allegation is, without deigning to ask
.the consent of the judge sitting before him on
the bench !_ He took the juror out of the court
vi et afmis. The judge is represented as
having submitted to the outrage. I state this
case for the purpose of illustrating how com-,
pletely intimidated the people stand there in
the presence of the overshadowing power of
the Government of the United States, and how
fast they are losing respect for the power of
their own courts to give them protection.
But notwithstanding all these difficulties
with which we have to contend on account
of the radical wrongs that exist in legisla-
tion, the condition of the State of Mississippi
to day the Governor attests is peace.
Mr. PRATT. In that connection I beg to
make another inquiry of the honorable Sen-
ator. He is acquainted of course with Ridge-
ley C. Powers. I believe he was elected
Lieutenant Governor at the same time the
honorable Senator was elected Governor.
Mr. ALCORN. Yes, sir.
Mr. PRATT. He regards him, I presume, as
a competent and credible witness to testify upon
the very point on which he is now speaking.
Mr. ALCORN. Yes, sir.
Mr. PRATT. I have before me the testi-
mony of Governor Powers taken as late as
November last, and upon this point he testifies
as follows:
" Question. Is there a great state of terrorism pre-
vailing among the colored people in this county?,"
'Mr. ALCORN. What county was that?
Mr. PRATT. I do not remember the name
of the county, but Macon was the county seat.
Mr. ALCORN. Noxubee county.
Mr. PRAT.T. His answer was:
" Very great, very great; so much so that they do
not feel at liberty to express their opinions. They
say very little; they do not feel safe in avowing
their sentiments. So far as their political senti-
ments are concerned, they are compelled to keep
quiet. They are in such fear that they are unable
to vote their sentiments. When meetings are held,
and I have held several meetings in that county,
colored people do not come out; they are afraid to.
If a few of them would attend a Republican meet-
ing they dare not give any evidence of approv-
ing anything said in the speech, for fear it will be
noticed, and they may suffer for it.
" Question. Is it your opinion that these outrages
are committed with a view of controlling the polit-
ical action of the blacks there?
"Answer. I think so. I could see no other object
in pursuing that course. It has succeeded in accom-
plishing that result.
" Question. The negroes there abstain from voting,
or vote with the Democrats?
"Answer. Yes, sir. I do not know what this elec-
tion will show, but I think it will show that they
either have staved away from the polls, or have
voted with the-Demoorats entirely, I know in the
portion of the county where I am acquainted the
colored people will not attempt at all to go to the
polls; they have told me so. They have said that
they did not feel safe iu voting, and, under the cir-
cumstances, I advised them to that course. There
was no prospect of gaining anything by voting, and
where the danger was so great I did not feel like
advising them to jeopardize thoir lives."
Governor Powers gave this testimony before
the committee while they were in session at
Macon, but my impression is that he is testify-
ing of a state of things existing in an adjoin-
ing county where he has a plantation. My
impression is that he resides in the adjoining
county.
Mr. ALCORN. Governor PowerS's testi-
mony could not have applied to the county in
which he lived, for the reason that I know
within my own knowledge the fact that meet-
ings were held in the county of Noxubee at
the will of the colored people, and I know the
fact that the majority for the Republican party
in that county was some two thousand votes,
and I have never heard it intimated that there
was the slightest intimidation offered to a sin-
gle voter in that county. I had not read the
testimony of Governor Powers, and had not
known before that, it existed; and I apprehend
that Governor Powers's testimony relates to
the county of Winston. The county of Win-
ston is one of the pinev-woods counties, as we
call them, iu Mississippi. There are but few
colored people there, and it is one of the coun-
ties in which violence existed. It is one of
the counties in which school-houses were
burned. It is one of the counties to which I
sent detectives and in which I used all the
means I possibly could use for the purpose of
finding out the perpetrators of the wrong and
violence that was being done there and upon
the counties adjoining it along the border of
Alabama.
Mr. PRATT. The honorable Senator is
correct.^ I find by referring to the testimony
that he is speaking now of Winston county, in
which he has a plantation. He speaks also iu
the same connection of the condition of things
in the neighborhood of Meridian. I do not
know the name of the county in which Merid-
ian is situated.
Mr. ALCORN. That is in Lauderdale
county.
