1872.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Extension of Ku Klucc Act—Mr. Alcorn,
Senate.
Mr. PRATT. If the honorable Senator
will indulge me for a moment, I will read a
passage or two from his testimony showing the
condition of things in that portion of Missis-
sippi :
. " Question. What effect has the riot at Meridian
ftod the, other outrages in that county had upon
colored men in respect to creating a general alarm
ind fetlinfc of insecurity ?
: "Answer. They have felt since that riot very
timid' uud insecure, and a great many have left the
county.' I think atone time, when I was at Jack-
son, there Were from fifty to one hundred from Lau'd-
erdale county cam*.; to Jackson; they were afraid
to remain there longer. A part of them went from
there to other counties, to the bottoms. I have
duHng the past few weeks been in Lauderdale
county, in different portions of it, and talked with
colored peppie. I know from what they said that
they feel very timid and Very much afraid.
- " Question,. Do you know what effect this alarm
has had in causing them to abstain from going to
the polls?
- "Answer. I do not. I could tell after X see the
result of the election. I think you will find that
one fourth of the colored people in Lauderdale
county will not go . to the polls. In the precincts
Way from the troops—at Meridian, I think—prob-
ably a large portion of the colored people will re-
main away from the polls. Colored, and white are
•nearly equally divided, j If the real sentiment of
the bounty could be"found, it wo aid be Republican.
I think you will find that it has gone Dera&oratic ;
and if it has, it will be only on account of the
intimidation of colored people."
Mr. ALCORN. I have given the Senator
now the opportunity of injecting that evidence
into my speechj and I am perfectly willing
that it shall go. I will reply now to the state-
ment of Governor Powers in this way ; Merid-
ian is thfe place where the riot occurred some
twelve months ago. I stated a while ago that
six colored people were killed at that place
■ and oue white man. The justice of the peace,
wlio was a white man, a southern man, was
shot in-the riot, fie .was the first person who
was Mlled. Immediately thereafter six colored
men were billed.' The colored people then
-became intimidated at Meridian. Many of
them did flee. I sent agents to take care of
those who were fleeing from the county of
Lauderdale. Many of them, as Governor
Powers says, came to Jackson. I sought
employment for those who came there, and
when it could not be found for some of them,
for the reason that the season had passed when
labor was in demand, I proposed to pay the
expenses of such of them as could not find
homes elsewhere to my plantations in Coahoma
county. For that act of mine the Senator
from Mississippi arraigned rae before the Sea-
ate in exclamations to this effect: " Great
God 1 is it possible that this was the kind of
protection that the Governor of the State of
Mississippi offered the colored people iu the
county of Lauderdale!"
We carried the county of Lauderdale in
1869, when I received a large number of
while votes, by I think about one hundred
and seventy-five votes. Many of the colored
people had left that county, for they are drift-
ing from the hill counties to the bottoms, to
richer land, where their labor is better paid.
At the last election the county of Lauderdale
was carried by the Democrats by I think
some seventy five or eighty votes, showing, in
presence of the -loss of colored voters from
general causes, that, substantially, the full col-
ored vote of the county must have been polled
and on the side of the Republicans. During
the canvass I was at Meridian. Governor
Powers sat upon thestand while I spoke to the
people, colored and white. I am very sure
that the Republicans were not upon that occa-
sion met with any menace. At the time that
I was there this same Aaron Moore, of whom
I Spoke- awhile ago, was present. He was
the representative elected from Lauderdale
in 1869. He is the person of whom it had
been declared here twelve months ago that the
people had said if he returned to the county
he would be murdered. It was asserted here
in Congress .that he dared not go back to his
old home. On the day that I spoke at Merid-
ian, I saw Aaron Moore standing in the crowd,
listening to my speech. I pointed out the fact
that he had been driven out of the county, that
he was here to-day, and that here he should
remain; I dared the people of Lauderdale
county to offer violence to the person of Aaron
Moore. Democrats assured me in response
that they meant no violence, that all they
wished was a fair election. I said then, " Be
ye careful that Aaron Moore stands until the
day of election here among you, and that he
go away untouched and unharmed." And my
friend Aaron, unless he has died within the last
few days past, lives to-day.
Mr. AMES. But not inLauderdalecounty.
Mr. ALCORN. He has gone to Jackson,
for the reason that, like a great many other
people in the country, he loves office. Failing
to obtain the nomination in Lauderdale, he
returned to Jackson, and there he obtained
employment I believe from the Legislature.
Mr. AMES. My colleague doubtless took
Aaron Moore over there to make a point in
his speech. I know that before that Aaron
Moore dared not go to that county, and has
not gone there since to remain because of the
fear of the Ku Klux iu that vicinity.
Mr. ALCORN. I stated the fact that Aaron
Moore was present on the day I made the
speech. I stated the fact that I induced Aaron
Moore to go there upon the assurance that he
was in no danger of violence there. I did this
to show the practical value of the Senator's
charges against those people—his charges that
murder still remained in their hearts, and that
vengeance was still nursed by them against
Aaron Moore.
Mr. PRATT. If the honorable Senator from
Mississippi does not object to injecting the tes-
timony of Governor Powers into his speech,
I would be glad to read a few extracts from
another point which the Senator has made in
his speech to-night, and that is, the efficiency
of the State courts before Congress intervened
in the matter and their ability to afford pro-
tection to the colored people of the State.
Mr. ALCORN. Well, sir, I have no objec-
tion.
Mr. PRATT. Governor Powers' s attention
was called to that point, and he testified as
follows:
"Question. What effect, in your opinion, in arrest-
ing these outrages has the passage of the law last
April by Congress had?
"Answer. I think it has had a very salutary effect
indeed.
"Question. I mean in giving jurisdiction to the
Federal courts in these cases?
"Answer. A very salutary effect, indeed.
"Question. Bo they sfca-nd in more awe of the
Federal courts than the State courts ?
"Answer. They stood in no awe of the State courts
at all. It would have been impossible to have con-
victed anybody in the State courts as organized.
"Question. What instances of conviction have you
known or been imormed of in cases of outrage com-
mitted by bands of men in disguise ?
"Answer. I have not known of one, not heard of
one. I have not heard of an indictment, except an
indictment against four or five men up at Corinth.
Those are the only indictments I have heard of
found against men for committing violence in dis-
guise."
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask my
colleague a question. I ask him whether in
the evidence taken in any of the States by the
committee of which he was a member it was
shown that a Ku Klux had been convicted in
any State court for a murder or an outrage
upon a Republican or a colored man ?
Mr. PRATT. Not a single case in any
court of any State; but I was not quite
through with this extract:
" Question. What practical difficulty, in your
judgment, would there be where a negro man had
been murdered by a band of disguised men if the
community took the matter in hand and made fresh
and vigorous pursuit, and employed every avail-
able means to find out the perpetrators in bringing
them to justice?
"Answer. The difficulty is just here: the organ-
ization"— i
Speaking of the Ku Klux organization—
"the organization is so widely spread through
these oouaties"—
And he is at Macon testifying at the time he
uses this expression—
"that it is next to impossible to get a grand jury
which has not one or more of the members of the
organization upon it, and even if you could get an
indictment you would scarcely be able to get a petit
jury that would conviot. If you succeeded io get-
ting a.grandjury that had not some member of the
organization upon it, they would be under intimi-
dation in finding a true bill against a member of
the order, tearing the vengeance of the order. There
are men who are very much opposed to the vio-
lence of this organization, but they dare not say
anything, dare not express their sentiments bpenly,
tor fear they will be visited by this violence, and
suffer in person or property.
< " Qxtention. For this reason would witnesses be
intimidated from testifying before oeurts 1
'Answer. Yes, sir, they would. Witnesses brought
up, knowing these acts, would refusoto testify, fear-
ing that personal violence would be visited upon
themselves.
" Question. Would that man be in danger who
would take an open, bold stand against the Ku
Klux outrages, and make vigorous efforts to dis-
cover the secrets of the order and bring the perpe-
trators of these outrages to j ustice ?
"Answer. I think he would, undoubtedly. If
there was a publio sentiment here sufficient to take
ground against them, the danger then would be
ovaded, but a few men, or one man to take a stand •
a«ainst them^ would be in danger of suffering from
the organization, if they were openly denounced.
" Question. Have you known any instance in which
the good men of the community have called ameet-
ing and passed resolutions denouncing these out-
rages, and pledging themselves to aid all offers to
put a stop to them?
" Answer. None in this portion of the State.
There was such a meeting held up in Marshall or
Bo So'.o county, two or three months ago, but there
has been no such meeting held in any of these conn-
ties where the violent acts have been committed
around here.
" Question. What, in your opinion, would have
been the effect of suoh an expression of opinion by
the good men of tho oountry?
" Answer. I think it would have caused the dis-
banding of the organization in a very short time.
If they would take earnestly that sort of a stand, I
think they could suppress it in a very short time.
Their silence iB only construed by these violent men
into acquiescence. If the prominent, influential
men would take such a decided stand, this whole
thing would soon die."
I have only to repeat that this is the testi-
mony of Governor Powers, taken in November
last, in Mississippi.
Mr. ALCORN. Now I reply to the Sena-
tor, and this, I think, is a sufficient answer:
Governor Powers was speaking there, doubt-
less, of Winston county. Governor Powers
would not undertake to say that the State courts
are not competent to enforce the law in nine-
teen twentieths of the territory of Mississippi.
All are Republican judges, many of tliem
southern men, and some of them northern
men. There is not a judge in the State of
Mississippi who will answer you to-day that
he is not competent to enforce the law in his
court, if you will leave the enforcement of that
law with him. Governor Powers asserts that
a man would not be safe who would take an
open Btand against the Ku Klux in any of
those counties. Governor Powers has a plant-
ation in Winston county, fie has one in
Noxubee county, and I have not been informed
that his testimony given before the committee
of inquiry was secret; it has been published.
Is Governor Powers a man of more cottfage
than his neighbors? He testifies before you;
you publish his testimony to" the world' ; he
mingles among those people in Noxubee
county and Winston county every day of his
life that he is at home, and no violence has
been offered to him.
Mr. PRATT. Governor Powers again does
state in the testimony that his plantation was
visited by a body of men who attempted to
take the life of his superintendent.
Mr. ALCORN. The testimony of Governor
Powers is that they attempted to take the life
of his superintendent 1 They did not attempt
to take his life.
Mr. PRATT. He says :
"They fired at my superintendent, too, through
