1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
461
is coerced into making appointments through
the persistency of members of Congress ; that
the offices are bestowed as a reward for mere
party service ; that tliey are used for individual
purposes to pay for money expended in elec-
tions ; that they are used for the purpose of
packing conventions and controlling elections
does not come to us simply on the authority
of the seven gentlemen who signed the report,
which would be sufficient to guaranty its
truthfulness, but it comes to us indorsed by
the President of the United States, himself.
He knows whether the members of the legis-
lative department have been pressing appoint-
ments upon him. He knows whether the
appointments throughout this country ever
since he has been in office, now nearly three
years, have been virtually controlled by Con-
gressmen, and not by the executive depart-
ment, as the Constitution provides. He knows
all this, and never would have sent the report
here with such statements as to the manner in
which appointments were made and patronage
used, if they had been untrue.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I wish simply
to call the attention of the Senator from Illi-
nois to the fact, without disputing the state-
ments contained in this report, (for I harmon-
ize with him so far as I understand him in his
view of the civil service,) that the President in
his message states in these word :
"Being desirous of bringing this subject to the
attention of Congress before the approaching recesa,
I have not time to sufficiently examine the accom-
panying report to enable me to suggest definite legis-
lative action to insure the support which may be
necessary in order to givo a thorough trial to a policy
long needed."
The President in sending in the report spe-
cially informs the Senate that he has not had
time carefully to examine this report. I do
not mean to say that the facts in the report are
not true, but to let the Senator understand
what the President, himself says.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator from
New Jersey suppose that the President of the
United States sent this report here without
reading it?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The question rs
asked me. I do not think this is a school to
guess in. The President says lie has not had
time sufficiently to examine the report, and I
think the President is entitled to his statement
in reference to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. To examine it for what
purpose, let me ask the Senator from New
Jersey ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. He says—Ihave
rea(J
Mr. TRUMBULL. For what purpose? To
suggest the legislation that may be necessary.
But will the Senator from New Jersey, by im-
plication even, impute to the President of the
United States such ignorance in action as to
suppose he would send here an important re-
port upon a subject of this character, which is
exciting interest throughout the nation, with-
out having read it, and without having known
that these statements were in it in regard to
his own official action? Why, the suggestion
is to me inconceivable.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I would not im-
pute any ign orance to tb e President of the Uni-
ted States ; neither would I impute to the Sen-
ator from Illinois any purpose to make the
President appear before the country in any
different light from that in which he presents
himself. Therefore i simply read what the
President said, and he can give what construc-
tion to it he pleases.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, let us see exactly
what he did say:
"I have not time to sufficiently examine the
accompanying report to enable me to suggest defi-
nite legisla'ive action to insure the support which
may be necessary in order to give a thorough trial
to a policy long needed."
What is the meaning of that? He has not
had time sufficiently to examine the report to
suggest definite legislative action to insure the
support which may be necessary in order to
give a thorough trial to a policy long needed.
He expressly says this is a policy long needed,
and he has not had time to examine the report
to see what further legislation may be neces-
sary to give this a fair trial; but of course lie
must have examined it, and must have read it,
or he could not have made that statement in
reference to it. He proceeds further:
"I ask for all the strength which Congress can give
me, to enable me to carry out the reforms_ in the
civil service recommended by the commissioners."
Now, is it not inconceivable that the Presi-
dent of the United States should seud a mes-
sage to Congress asking all the assistance that
the legislative department can give him to
carry out a certain reform recommended in a
report which he communicates, when he had
never read the report he communicated? To
my mind such a suggestion is preposterous.
Ho must have read it and understood it, and
the report comes here, I venture to say, as t o its
essential facts, and so far as relates to his action,
indorsed by the President himself, who has been
in a position for nearly three years to know the
operation of the present civil service system.
And further, the Senator from Wisconsin
has himself borne testimony to the truthful-
ness of a portion of the report. During his
remarks he said that under the present sys-
tem two persons high in legislative authority
had urged upon the President appointments
to office and threatened him for not making
them; and a system under which such things
occur, the Senator from Wisconsin tells us, as
a whole is satisfactory to the country. What,
sir, a system satisfactory to the country when
the President of the United States and the
heads of Departments are mere clerks to regis-
ter the appointments dictated by members of
Congress, and threatened if they do not sub-
mit to the dictation! Threatened by persons
high in legislative authority, in positions to
make their power felt! I wish the Senator
had stated who they were that made these
threats. But the fact that such threats are
made adds another to the reasons given in this
report why the civil service needs reforming.
But the Senator tells us that the proposed
reform is unconstitutional. I have already
shown you that the present system is clearly
unconstitutional, that appointments, by the
Constitution, are vested in the executive de-
partment, and that by the present practice
they are made by the legislative department,
or rather its individual members. The voice
of the Senator from Wisconsin has not been
heard in condemnation of the present system
which upsets the Constitution and mingles
together, contrary to its obvious meaning, dif-
ferent departments of the Government.
But he argues that the act of Congress is
unconstitutional which authorized the Presi-
dent of the United States to prescribe certain
rules and regulations for the admission of per-
sons into the civil service; or if he does not
say that the act itself is unconstitutional, he
says that the carrying it out in the manner
proposed is unconstitutional I do not know
that he made any particular argument against
the law itself to show its unconstitutionality.
The only objection I remember his making to
the law was that it was passed as a part of an
appropriation bill, and that if it had been sub-
mitted separately it would not have received
the support of twenty members.^ I suppose
that does not make it unconstitutional; and it
is inconceivable to me how an actot Congress
can be unconstitutional which authorizes the
President to do what he had the authority to
do without an act of Congress.
Does anybody doubt the authority of the
President of the United States, in whom is
vested the power of appointment to office, to
adopt rules and regulations for his own con-
venience in making appointments? They are
all within his own control. He can adopt such
rules as he thinks proper for obtaining infor-
mation. He may consult the Senator from
Wisconsin, if he thinks proper, as the law now
exists; he may consult others, either in Con-
gress or out of Congress ; he may employ such
agencies as he thinks proper to obtain inform-
ation, and he may prescribe rules for obtain-
ing this information.
I cannot conceive upon what principle it is
that an argument even can be maae against the
constitutionality of the act of Congress itself.
Certainly the Senator from Wisconsin made
none, but his argument was directed against
the rules and regulations which had been
adopted by the President 011 the recommenda-
tion of the civil service commission, and in
support of his argument he caused part of the
opinion of the Attorney General to be read,
not upon these rules, but in reference to
another question entirely, which is not before
the Senate. The question was propounded to
the Attorney General as to whether it was
competent to designate a particular person by
means of an examining board or otherwise
for the President to appoint to office, and the
Attorney General gave his opinion that it was
not.
Another question was propounded to the
Attorney General, which was this:
" May the President, under the act by which this
board is organized, regulate the exercise of the
appointing power, now vested in the heads of Depart-
ments or in the courts of law, so as to restrict ap-
pointments to a class of persons whose qualifications
or fitness shall have been determined by an exam-
ination instituted independent of the appointing
power."
To this question the Attorney General an-
swered in the affirmative, that it was compe-
tent to confine appointments to a class of per-
sons found qualified on examination ; and 1
will ask the Secretary to read that part of the
opinion of the Attorney General which is appli-
cable to the question under consideration, and
which I have marked, the Senator from Wis-
consin having heretofore read that portion of
his opinion which had nothing to do with the
subject before the Senate.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
" Tho other question proposed by the commission-
ers is this:
" May tho President, under the act by which this
board is organized, regulate the exercise of the
appointing powor now vested in the heads ot De-
partments or in the courts of law, so as to restrict
appointments to a class of persons whose qualifica-
tions or fitness shall have been determined by an
examination instituted independent of the appoint-
ing power?"
" My opinion is that he may. Though the ap-
pointing power alone can designate an individual
tor an office, either Congress, by direct legislation,
or tho President, by authority derived from Con-
gress, can prescribe qualifications, and require that
the designation shall be made out of a class of per-
sons ascertained by proper tests to have those quali-
fications; and it is not necessary that the judges m
the tests should be chosen by the appointing power.
Attorney General Legu.ro has given an opinion upon
a question similar in principle. Discussing the sub-
ject of appointment of inspectors ot customs by the
Secretary of the Treasury, he considers that it would
'be a fair constitutional exercise of the powor ot
Congress to require that, the Secretary should make
an appointment out of a certain number of nominees
proposed by a collector.' (t Opinions, 10-1.) Theact
under which the present, civil service commission
lias been organized gives the President authority
'to prescribe suc-h lulcs and regulations for the
admission of persons into the civil service of the Uni-
ted States as will best piomote tho efficiency there-
of;' and this very ample authority will certainly
embrace the right to require tlmt the persons ad-
mitted into the service shall have been found quali-
fied by competent, examiners. _
" It has been argued that a right m Congress to
limit in the least the field of selection imphesa right
to carry on the contracting process to the designa-
tion of a particular individual. But I do not think
this a fair conclusion Congress could require that
officers shall be of American citizenship, or of a cer-
tain age; that judges should be of tho legal profes-
sion Mild of a certain standing m the profession, and
still leave room to tho appointing powor for tho
exercise of its own judgment and will; and I am
not prepared to affirm that to go farther and re-
quire that tlio selection shall be made from persons
tound by an examining board to bo qualified m
such particulars as diligence, scholarship, integrity,
good manners, and attachment to tho (xovernment
would impose an unconstitutional limitation on the
appointing power. It would still have a reasonable
scope for its own judgment and will.
" But it may be asked, at what point must the con-
