1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4045
sons," and immediately preceding the amend-
ment just read, the following:
Who shall be selected from civil life, solely with
reference to their character and capacity for an in-
telligent, honest, and impartial investigation, irre-
spective of partisan considerations, and of whom at
least one shall be practically identified with the
laboring interests of the country, and who have had
thorough personal experience and information in
respect to the same.
Mr. CONKLING. I see no objection to
that amendment if I understand it. I under-
stand it is to come in after the word "per-
sons" and preceding the other amendments,
so as to affect their qualifications. It' there is
any objection to it, i suggest to the Senator
from California that he can obviate it by modi-
fying a phrase. I am not sure that literally
any person could come up fully to the require-
ment that heasserts here. Therefore, if it will
be agreeable to him, I think he had bettersay
"as far as practicable," or "to the utmost ex-
tent," or whatever it may be. However, I will
not make any point upon that. I see no objec-
tion to the amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. I am sorry my friend
from California should deem it his duty to
offer that amendment. What is this proposi-
tion as it now stands? It is nothing in the
world but to appoint a commission to frame
a tax bill and a tariff bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, no.
Mr. THUliMAN. What is it, then?
Mr. CONKLING. It is simply that they
shall examine the different methods—I think
the phrase is—and plans for raising revenue,
and report the result of their labois to Con-
gress. The Senator will find in the second
section the words which require them to re-
port the whole result to Congress. There is
nothing about reporting a bill.
Mr. THURMAN. The result of it, I sup
pose, would be a bill. If not, if it is simply
for the purpose of getting information, every
member of the Senate knows we are over-
whelmed with information; that we cannot
read one page out of ten of the information
that is laid on our desks and that comes to
us by every day's mail on the subject. Now,
I do hope that those of us especially who think
like the Senator from California and myself
011 the subject of the tariff are not going to
put it into the power of the President of the
United States to appoint a commission to
frame tax and tariff bills for us. That is a
duty that belongs to the House of Represent-
atives, in the first place, and, secondly, to the
Senate when the House send us a bill. The
idea of putting into the hands of the President
of the United States, who, if I understand his
position, is a protectionist out and out, the
selection of three men to bring in here a
protective tariff' bill, is a thing I will never
consent to as long as I have a vote here.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understood the amend-
ment of the Senator from New York to con-
template merely the collection of a body of
statistics and the reporting ot them to Con-
gress by the commission proposed, and that
seems to me to be a very different thing from
reporting a tariff and iuternal revenue bill.
It is just the difference between a body of
information, and I will add, also, the outline
of a system on the one hand, and a bill or
the form of legislation on the other.
Now, I respectfully submit to my friend
from Ohio that my views might agree with his
as to the final disposition of the measure in
its present shape, and yet there would be
nothing improper in my offering such amend-
ments as would tend to make the measure
more useful. I know a different policy may
be pursued; that is, to load it down with
amendments that make it less useful and more
objectionable. I have not often felt it my duty
to adopt that course in this body, and I do
not know that I have ever felt it my duty in a
single instance. I think I will change one
word in my amendment. I will insert the
word "sufficient" in place of "thorough."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from California to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
to. •
as amended, was
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now recurs on agreeing to the amendment as
amended, on which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 37; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Cameron. Clayton, Conk-
ling, Corbett, Edmunds, Frelinghuysen, Hitchcock,
Howe, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey, Stew-
art, Sumner, and Wilson—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Casserly, Cole, Cooper, Cragin,
Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan,
Gilbert, Gold thwaite. Hamilton of Tex as. Hill, John-
ston, Kelly, Logan, Morrill ofMaine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Norwood, Patterson, Pratt, Ran-
som, Robertson, Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Sprague,
Stevenson. Thurman, Trumbull, Viekers, Windom,
and Wrieht—37.
ABSENT —Messrs. Anthony, Blair, Brownlow,
Carpenter. Chandler, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of
West Virginia, Fenton, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamlin, Harlan, Kellogg, Lewis, Rice, Saulsbury,
Sawyer, Spencer, Stockton, Tipton, and West—20.
So the amendment,
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no further
amendment be proposed, the bill will be
reported to the Senate.
Mr. FENTOM. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that a number of amendments have been
reserved to be considered in the Senate, after
which other amendments can be moved in the
Senate as well as in Committee of the Whole,
if there be no objection.
Mr. FENTON. I wish to propose an amend-
ment to the text of the bill, and, as my col-
league suggests, this may be a very proper
time to do it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest, as there are
three or four very important votes to bo had in
the Senate, that all amendments had better be
postponed until we settle those disputed ques-
tions, and then the bill will be open to further
amendment. I merely make that suggestion
to expedite the public business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair stated
to the Senator from New Yorkthat fouror five
importantamendments were reserved for a vote
in the Senate when the Senate was full. After
the vote shall be taken upon them, if the bill
should be reported to the Senate, it will still
be open to amendment in the Senate the same
as it is now.
Mr. BOREMAN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York was first recognized.
Mr. BOREMAN. I wise to reserve the
first amendment made bv the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly; they
can all be reserved.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to reserve several
when the bill is reported to the Senate.
Mr. FENTON. I wish to inquire whether,
if the bill is reported to the Senate, an amend-
ment to the text of the bill will be first in
order ?
Mr. SHERMAN. When the amendments
of the committee are disposed of, the whole
text of the bill will be open to amendment.
Mr. FENTON. I understand that; but not
before.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from New York claim the floor?
Mr. CONKLING. I make this suggestion
to my colleague in answer to a suggestion
made to me privately : it is very obvious what
the advantage is, what he saves and what he
loses by the proposition ; if ho allows the bill
to go into the Senate, in the first place he can
offer no amendment until the Senate has
agreed or disagreed to all the amendments
made in Committee of the Whole; in the
next place, if he offers an amendment and
loses it, he loses it forever, no matter how thin
the Senate may be when the vote is taken.
He has one amendment particularly which he
considers very important, and so do I. There-
fore, I have no hesitation in saying to the Sen-
ator from Ohio that I think it better for my
colleague to offer his amendment in Commit-
tee of the Whole, and if so be that the vote is
taken upon it when the Senate is thin and he
wants another vote, then he can have that vote
in the Senate. I think that is the advantage
of offering it now, and if I were managing the
amendment, I say to him, I would rather do
it in that way.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only question is
whether we shall take a vote first on questions
involving millions of dollars, or on the duty on
certain qualities of salt, in a full Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FENTON. I move to amend the bill
on the second page by inserting at the end of
the fourteenth line and also at the end of the
sixteenth line the words" and tweniyper cent.
ad valorem-J' so that the bill will read:
On salt, in bulk, eight cents per one hundred
pounds and twenty per cent, ad valorem.
On salt, in bags, sacks, barrels, or other packages,
twelve cents per one hundred pounds and twenty
per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. President, I should be sorry if the sug-
gestion of this amendment had the effect of
launching the Senate upon a sea of discussion.
Imperfectly understood as the subject is, judg-
ing from statements made in the previous
debate, and, as I believe, to the prejudice of the
salt interests, yet I should regret protracted
controversy at this late hour of the session. I
will set a good example myself, following the
kind suggestion of the Senator from Iowa, in
being very brief.
It is almost enough to- say, it is certainly
enough to justify me in offering this amend-
ment, that this great interest, in my judgment,
by the proposition as it stands in the bill is
menaced. I have carefully and thoroughly
examined this whole subject relating to the
manufacture of salt, its cost in our country,
and its relation to the importation of foreign
salt, and I am fully persuaded that only a
moderate return upon the capital invested is
now received by those who have invested in
this branch of industry and production.
Unless it can be shown that the proposed
reduction of the duty on salt will not inju-
riously affect the domestic manufacture, or
that it is an interest which ought to be dis-
couraged, there is no reason why the rate
fixed in the bill should be adopted by the
Senate.
Upon a fair review of our whole revenue
system, if it be found that the present duty on
salt is unnecessarily high, and it be thought
proper to modify it in the ratio of reductions
upon other products or manufactures, there
will be less ground for complaint.
But this product is singled out for special
and extraordinary reduction, and gentlemen
even go so far in the discussion as to urge the
entire repeal of the duty. Nothing could be
more unjust. If time would permit I could
show by perfectly reliable statements that
even the present rate of duty does not create
monopoly or lead to unearned profits.
But I cannot elaborate this question in the
five minutes allowed me, and it must suffice
for the present to say that the rate of duty as
proposed in the bill would discourage, if it
would not impair, the reasonable prosperity
of this interest. This ought not to be done,
and that it may not, I propose this additional
slight ad valorem duty.
Here I leave the question. It is for the Sen-
ate to consider whether this one industry, in
which thousands of men are employed, and
of which the chief value is made up of labor,
shall be singled out for special discrimination.
It seems to me unjust and unwise, and I hope
my amendment will prevail.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I am
satisfied that the protection afforded to the
salt manufacturers by this bill is totally inade-
