11872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3149
that distilled spirits in bonded warehouses,
while in the custody of United States officers,
have been destroyed by fire or other casualty,
without fraud or collusion or neglect on the
part of the owners, to abate the tax if it has
not been collected, and to refund it where it
has been collected under such circumstances.
The committee of the House determined, in
order to guard the Senate bill still further, to
insert the words "on which the tax has not
been paid," so as to prevent any refunding
of the tax where the owners had allowed the j
spirits to remain in the warehouse after the |
tax was paid. !
Mr. HAWLEY. Why should not the tax •
be refunded upon spirits destroyed on which j
the tax has been paid ?
Mr. BECK. The reason was this: the ;
moment the tax is paid upon the spirits the j
owner has the right to remove it from the .
warehouse. If he tails to remove it, the Coin- j
mittee of Ways and Means do not think the !
Government ought to be responsible for it if .
destroyed after bis right to remove it accrued, j
That is the limitation we put before the Senate I
bill. The spirits remain in the warehouse at j
his risk after the tax has been paid 011 it. >
3Ir. HAWLEY. Allow me to state a case ■, ;
this state of facts occurred in my own district: j
there was a lot of highwines in a bonded
warehouse in my district some two years ago
that had been lying there for some considerable j
time. Before it was removed, and after i
the tax was paid upon it, the building was j
struck by lightning and desrroyed. In that j
case all the proofs furnished were by the Gov- !
ernrnent officers in charge of the building at j
that time. Now, is there any reason why in j
that case the owner of the highwines should
not be reimbursed what he had paid in the
way of tax any more than 111 any other case?
It seems to me not. I examined this Senate
bill when it came over and while it was lying
upon the Speaker's table, and I thought it
a just measure as it then stood. If amended
a£ the gentleman proposes, the case to which ■
I have referred would not be embraced within
its provisions.
Mr. BECK. The Committee of Ways and
Means were afraid of extending the provision j
that far. The moment the tax is paid the ]
owner has the right to take the spirits out of ]
the warehouse; if he allows them to remain
there after the tax is paid, they remain there ;
for his accommodation. We did not think the ;
United States should be responsible for the 1
tax in such a case. If any case of peculiar ■
hardship comes up, such as the gentleman 1
has mentioned, it can go to the Committee of |
Claims, and there be considered and acted ,
upon. But the Committee of Ways and .
Means thought that as a general principle it |
was too dangerous to extend the provisions of j
this bill to that class of cases; they preferred i
rather to leave all such cases to the special ,
action of the Committee of Claims.
Mr. HAWLEY. One further inquiry. Ill [
the event this bill should pass, the proofs ad- ;
dueed under it would be under the control of
the Secretary of the Treasury?
Mr. BECK. That is true. j
Mr. HAWLEY. Very well; the Secretary ;
of the Treasury can require such proofs as will !
protect the Treasuiy against unjust eiaims.
Mr. BECK. The Committee of Ways and
Means of this House thought it was better, in \
the case where the distilled spirits remained
in bond merely for the benefit of the owner,
who had the right to remove it at any tune,
that he should apply to Congress for the reliet
to which he may be entitled ; and that is the
object of limiting this bill in the way we have,
done. I believe there is no objection 011 the
part of either the committee of the Senate or
the committee of the House to this general
bill with the limitation put upon it for safety
which we have proposed.
Mr. HAWLEY. I would like to have a vote
upon this bill as it comes from the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will have
that, because the amendments reported from
the Committee of Ways and Means are sub-
ject to a vote of the House. The question is
upon agreeing to the amendments reported
from the Committee.
The question was taken; and the amend-
ments were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, wa3 ordered to be read
a third time; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. BECK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the biil was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bridge across thjs missouri.
Mr. NEGLEY. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee 011 Commerce,
for consideration at this time, Senate bill No.
696, to authorize the construction of a bridge
across the Missouri river at Booneville, Mis-
souri.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read,
after which objection will be in order.
The bill was then read at length.
There being no objection, the bill was or-
dered to be read a third time ; and it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. "NEGLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
military prison.
Mr. COBURN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on Military
Affairs, a bill (H. R. No. 1131) to provide for
the establishment of a prison for the Army of
the United States, and for its government; j
which was ordered to be printed and recom- 1
mitted.
printing bounty acts.
Mr. McGREW, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was re-
ferred, under the Liw, to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of rhe
House five thousand copies each of the act in rela-
tion to bounties, approved April 22. 1872, and the
act to extend the time for filing cUiiuis tor addi-
tional bounty under the act of July 28.1866, approved
April 22, 1872.
ocean-gable shield.
On motion of Mr. SAWYER, by unani-
mous consent, the Committee on Commerce
was discharged from the further consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 2609} appropriating
money to James Story for the purpose of en-
abling him to perfect his discovery and patent
known as the flexible ocean-cable shield ; and
the same was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
report of indian' cojimissioxrrs.
Mr. PENDLETON, from the Committee
on Printing, reported the following resolution ;
which was iead, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) Toy t there be printed five thousand
extra copies of the report of tne board of Indian
commissioners tor 1871, ot which tlnrry-tive hun-
dred copies thill be for file use of the House and
fifteen hundred copies for the use of the annate.
UBPOur OF COMMISSlONKR OF BDUCATIOS.
ij Mr. PENDLETON also, from the Commit-
j tee 011 Printing, reported the following reso-
iilu'ion; which was read, considered, and
.1 agreed to:
J Resolved, That there be printed twenty thousand
1 copies of the sccond volume of the report ot the
Secretary of the Interior containing the report oft he
I Commissioner of Education: five thousand copies
' oi which shall be for the use of the Senate, ten tiiou-
s uid for the use of the House of Kepresentativ s
and five thousand for the use of the Bureau ot
Education.
agricultural report.
Mr. PENDLETON also, from the Commit-
tee on Printing, reported the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, snd
agreed to:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That there bo printed of the annual
report of the Commissioner of Agriculture for 1871,
two hundred and fifty-five thousand extra copies;
one hundred and eighty thousand of which shall be
for the use of the House, fifty thousand for the use
of the Senate, and twenty-five thousand for distri-
bution by the Commissioner of Agriculture.
deficiency appropriation bill
Mr. COBURN. I call for theregnlar order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for. the House resumes the considera-
tion of the Senate amendments to the bill (H.
R. No. 1654) making appropriations to supply
deficiencies m the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1872, and for former years, and
for other purposes.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In order to
correct an error inadvertently made yesterday,
J ask that the thirty-sixth amendment of the
Seriate appropriating $50,000 for establishing
and maintaining national cemeteries, which
was yesterday non-concurred in, may be con-
curred in, with an amendment adding the fol-
lowing :
And the appropriations for collecting, drilling,
and organizing voluuteers, heretofore considered as
permanent appropriations, are hereby continued
;>nd made available for the service of the present
fiscal vear only, so far as the same may be necessary
to pay the usual clerical service heretofore paid out
of said appropriations in the War Department,
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the thirty-sixth amendment of the Senate will
be concurred in with the amendment, proposed
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
There was no objection.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous consent
that the forty-second amendment may be con-
curred m with the following amendment, which
was inadvertently omitted yesterday:
For deficiency for fuel and lights in the Interior
Department, $1,282.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the forty second amendment will be concurred
in with the amendment just stated by the gen-
tleman from California, [Mr. Sargent.]
There was 110 objection.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will next read
the sixty-second amendment of the Senate,
which point the House had reached at the
adjournment yesterday.
The Clerk read the sixty-second amendment
of the Senate, as follows:
Add the following: .
That all persons born in the district or country
formerly known as the Territory of Oregon, and sub-
ieetto the jurisdiction ot the United states at this
tiino, are citizens of the United States in ihe saiaa
mannera? if bom elsewhere in the United States.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Committee
011 Appropriations recommend non-concur-
j rence in that amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred m.
The Clerk read the sixty-third amendment
of the Senate, as follows:
That the appropriation for building a pier at
Lewes, Delaware, contained in sections twelve and
thirteen of the act approved July lo. 18(0, entitled
"An act making appropriations for sundiy civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending Juno
30, 1871, and for other purposes," be.jmd the same
is'hereby, continued until June 30.1S73.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Committee
ou Appropriations recommend concurrence.
It is merely to continue an appropriation.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk read the sixty-fourth amendment
of the Senate, as follows:
That the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims,
under the act approved March 12. 1S63. entitled
" An act to provide for the collection ot abandoned
property and for the prevention of Iraud* in insur-
rectionary districts within the United States" and
any act amendatory thereof or in relation tueieK>
ijhull extend only to cases duly commenced in
court withm t wo years alter the suppression oi tbe
rebellion, in which it s-hall be established as a f ict,
by proot satisfactory to said court, that the owner
of such property has never, iD f tot, giving any aM
or comtort to*said reboh.on; and no judgment
said court, in any ease, under said acts, sJaail be paid
