3150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May:.7^3
unless such finding shall be stated as a proven fact
in the judgment of said court: Provided, That the
provisions of this section shall not apply to or em-
brace judgments heretofore rendered by the Court
of Claims in which it has been found «is a proven
fact that the claimant has not given aid or comfort
to the rebellion: And provided. That proof of loy-
alty to the United Stntos, or of not giving aid and
comfort to the rebellion, shall not be required of
any party to a suit cognizable by the Court of
Claims founded on contract with the tinned States
entered into since the suppression of the rebel-
lion: And provided further, That on any judgment
heretofore rendered in favor of claimants in which
the question of loyalty was not passed on, thecourt,
on application of the claimant, may hear, determ-
ine, and certify as to the question of loyalty as
shown by the evidence on the record.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Committee
on Appropriations recommend concurrence in
that, with the following substitute:
That the Secretary of tho Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to pay to the law-
ful owners, or their legal representatives, of all
cotton seized after the 30th day of June, 1865, by the
agents of the Government, the net proceeds, with-
out interest, of the sales of said cotton actually
paid into tho Treasury of the United States: Pro-
vided, That the receipt thereof shall be taken and
received in full satisfaction cf all claims against
the United States for or on account of the seizure
of said cotton; and a sufficient sum for such pay-
ment is hereby appropriated out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the in-
dulgence of the House while I state briefly
the matter now in hand before it.
Air. BINGHAM. I rise to a point of order,
that this is original legislation.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Ohio rises to a point of order. What is it?
Mr. BINGHAM. My point of order is that
this is original legislation changing existing
law.
The SPEAKER. It precisely corresponds
with the section of the Senate, and is upon
the same subject. The Senate amendment
proposes new legislation.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not know that the
Senate can change the rules of this House in
that respect.
The SPEAKER. Whenever the Senate
makes an amendment to an appropriation bill
containing new legislation the point of order
cannot be raised against, any amendment
moved to the amendment of the Senate which
may be germane.
Mr. BINGHAM. I did not know there was
any such thing in the amendment of the Sen-
ate until just now.
Mr. SARGENT. It is the Morrill amend-
ment-
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to that legisla-
tion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is this
germane to the Morrill amendment, which pro-
vides by law for the trial of cases, while in this
amendment to the amendment we order the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay out so much
moupy on certain claims without their being-
heard at all? Is the amendmentto theamend-
ment germane?
The SPEAKER. The view the Chair took
of it was that it was germane, as they both
relate to the settlement of the same claims.
The Senate proposes a certain rule to be ap-
plied in the settlement of those claims. The
House _ committee proposes to adjust the
claims in a different way. Both amendments
lelate precisely to_ the same question. It is
merely a matter of legislative discretion as to
which mode shall be adopted. It is, of course,
for the House to decide as to that, but the
Chair could not exclude the amendment as
unparliamentary.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the House
will indulge me for a few moments I will state
precisely the character of the amendment that
comes to us from the Senate; and to enable
me to do that, I ask the Clerk to read that
portion of the statute of March 3, 1863,
known as the " captured and abandoned
property act," which I have marked.
The Clerk read as follows:
"And any person claiming to have been the owner
of any such abandoned a.nd captured property may,
at any time within two years after the suppression
of the rebellion, prefer his claim to the proceeds
thereof in the Court of Claims; and on proof to the
satisfaction of said court of his ownership of said
property, of his right to the proceeds thereof, and
that he has never given any aid or comfort to the
present rebeliion, to receive the residue of such pro-
ceeds, after the deduction of any purchase-money
which may have been paid, together with the ex-
pense ot transportation and sale of said property,
and any other lawful expenses attending the dis-
position thereof."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Outside of
ptizes of war, outside of the capture of mate-
rials for cariyingon war in the field, there was
a third class of property, described in this act
under the name of " captured and abandoned
property," which was to be taken up by the
armies in the Held, or by the officers of the
Government; and if the claimants to that prop-
erty did not make good their claim before the
officers of the Government proceeded to the
sale, it was to be sold, and the net proceeds
covered into the Treasury of the United
States.
The clause, however, which I have read pro-
vides that all private owners of property of
that class covered into the Treasury might,
within two years after the suppression of the
rebellion, file their claims before the Court of
Claims, make their proofs, establish their
ownership, and establish furthermore their
loyalty ; and in such cases they were to have
delivered to them the actual proceeds of their
portion of the property thus covered into
the Treasury. That law stands unrepealed.
Under its provisions numerous suits for various
amounts were filed up to a date in 1868, which
completed two years subsequent to the rebel-
lion. No claims were filed after that date, and
no new claims under that statute can be fiied.
All that are to be filed are now in the courts
in process of adjudication.
There are many hundreds of claims from
people claiming one bale of cotton up to
claims of a thousand bales ; and now at last a
few such cases have come up through the
Court of Claims, and have been carried to the
Supreme Court and finally adjudicated there.
An amendment known as the Drake amend-
ment, was passed by Congress 111 1807 con-
demning a certain class of cases under the
cover of a law to amend the law of evidence,
whereby the fact that a man had been par-
doned was declared to be proof that he was
so disloyal as not to be entitled to anything
under this act. That of course barred a great
many claims which were then in process of
passing through the courts. But a case in
which a claim was rejected on account of that
amendment has been recently decided in the
Supreme Court, the Drake amendment has
been decided unconstitutional. This, there-
fore, allows all cases pending that have hitherto
been barred in consequence of the Drake
amendment to proceed in their regular order
through the courts for decision on their merits.
To prevent this the section now before the
House has been added by the Senate in the
way of an amendment, which so cuts down
the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims as to
rule out all this class of cases from being con-
sidered in the court. The court may have full
jurisdiction, but if, in the course of investi-
gation, it finds such facts as are herein set
forth, the jurisdiction shall then and there
cease, and the case shall be thrown out of the
court.
I he Committee on Appropriations have very
carefully considered this amendment, and they
have instructed me to report adversely upon
it for three reasons, as I conceive and as the
committee believe. In the first place, these
suitors in the courts who have acquired their
rights under the law of 1863, a law passed in
the midst of the rebellion, must certainly be
considered as men who have what right a war
Congress was willing to give them even in the
hour of our peril. They have gone on for a
series of years making expenditures, gathering
testimony, paying attorneys, waiting attend-
ance upon the courts, and now when they are
near getting back their own, that which the
highest court has decided is theirs and not
ours, when it his been decreed by the Supreme
Court of the United States that the Govern-
ment, is the trustee only for this property at
least for that part of it that was proved to be
private property, and that the ownership still
remains in the private citizen, it seems to the
Committee on Appropriations a very hard a
very unjust, and certainly an unparalleled pro-
ceeding to intervene now an act of legislation
which says to all these people, "You have
proceeded from the beginning under a false
assumption when you assumed that you had
any guarantied right under the law providing
for the recovery of this property of yours."
We do not believe it would be just to such
suitor, to such citizen at this time to inter-
pose the shield of legislation against his vested
rights.
In the second place, we do not believe that
we ought thus to interfere with the freedom
and independence of our courts. We believe
that this amendment does undertake to say that
when the Supreme Court of the United States
makes a decision that we do not like we will
in some form, under cover of jurisdiction, or
under cover of changing the laws of evidence,
shear down the power of the court and reverse
its decision. That, it seems to me, is a highly
dangerous, and I may say a highly revolution-
ary proceeding. And I shall be sorry if for
any prudential reason, now in time of peace,
seven years after the war has ended, we shall
pass so trenchant, so unparalleled a measure
as the one proposed by this amendment of the
Senate.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BINGHAM. Theremarksof thechair-
man of the Committ ee on Appropriations [Mr.
Garfield] have been addressed exclusively to
the amendment of the Senate. Now, what I
ask the attention of the House to is this,
not whether we shall agree to the amendment
of the Senate or whether we shall accept the
recommendation of the Committee on Appro-
priations and non-concur in it. The question
before the House is whether we shall substi-
tute for the Senate amendment this which is
reported from the Committee on Appropria-
tions of this House. It has nothing to do with
the administration of justice in the courts
between the United Stated and its citizens. It
is a transfer of this whole .question to the
Treasury, and a transfer not simply in the
interest of citizens of the United States, for
it is not limited by any such terms. It is
a transfer in the interest of all assignees;
although they may have been public enemies ;
although they may have disclosed themselves
as such upon the high seas ; although they
may have carried the black flag of piracy all
through the war against your commerce. Yet
this substitute proposed by the Committee on
Appropriations proposes to enforce upon the
officers of the Treasury the auditing and set-
tling of all these cases. Now, to show that I
am not mistaken in this, I will read the pro-
posed substitute :
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed [not only author-
ized, but directed] to pay to the lawful owners, or
their legal representatives, of all cotton seized alter
the 30th of June, 1865, by the agents of _ the Govern-
ment, the net proceeds with interest of the sales ot
said cotton actually paid into the Treasury ot tne
United States: Provided, That the receipt thcreol
shall be taken and received in lull satisfaction ot
all claims against the United States for oron account
of the seizure of said cotton; and a sufficient sum
for suoh payment is hereby appropriated out oI any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
I ask the House to consider that that term
'•lawful owners" includes everybody-who
may have been an assignee simply of the
claimant, who never may have had any equita-
ble right to it in the- first place, and who may
have purchased it un'der false pretenses. Yet
he comes here as the* lawful owner when ther®
