462
THE COtfGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
trading process stop? I confess my inability to
answer. But the difficulty of drawing a line between
such limitations as are and such as are not allowed
by the Constitution is no proof that both classes do
not exist. In constitutional and legal inquiries
right or "wrong is often a question of degree. Yet it
is impossible to tell precisely where in the scale
right ceases and wrong begins. Questions of exces-
sive bail, czuel punishments, excessive damages,
and reasonable douhts.are familiar instances. In
the matter now in question it is not supposable
that Congress or the President would require of
candidates for office qualifications unattainable
by a sufficient number to afford ample room for
choice."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, at this
hour, and with the impatience of the Senate,
1 am willing to leave the argument of the At-
torney General as to ihe constitutionality of
specifying the class of persons from whom
selections to office are to be made, as a reply
to the argument of the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, with this statement: the Constitution vests
in Congress authority to confer the appoint-
ment of inferior officers upon the President
alone, or upon the heads of Departments, or
the courts of law, and authorizes Congress to
establish offices. Congress having authority
to establish offices, and vest the appointment
thereof in the heads of Department or the
President, must necessarily have the author-
ity under the other clauses of the Constitution
which give it power to pass all laws necessary
and proper to cany into execution any given
power, to regulate the duties of the officer to
be appointed, and to prescribe his qualifica-
tions for the office.
If they can create an office, and the Consti-
tution vests the appointment of the officer in
the President, they can determine what duties
that officer is to perform and what qualifica-
tions he shall possess as necessary to fill that
office. They cannot designate the individual,
and say the President of the United States
must appoint A or B to fill an office they cre-
ate; but they can determine that the President
of the United .States shall appoint persons ofa
certain class to fill that office ; and that is what
this board proposes to do; that is what, in the
opinion ot the Attorney General, they have a
right to do, and there 1 am willing to leave the
constitutional argument.
But the Senator from Wisconsin says that
this civil service reform will defeat any party
that adopts it. Ah, sir, that is where the shoe
pinches; there is where the trouble is. The
patronage of this Government is to be wielded,
then, for mere partisan purposes; and the fear
is that it will defeat some party, and that must
be the party in power, because the party out
of power has no patronage. Now, sir, I am
free to say, and bold to fav, and I say it here,
and I will say it everywhere, that if the Repub-
lican jiaity has not principle enough and vir-
tue enough to be sustained without using the
patronage of the Government to hold it up,
let it go down ; it does not deserve to be sus-
tained ; and 110 party deserves to be supported
that cannot be sustained without using the
patronage of the Government as spoils to per-
petuate its power.
One of the objections pointed oat by the
civil service commission to the present sys-
tem is that patrnn.-ige is used for political pur-
poses ; men take offices to use their positions
for the purpose of electing certain individuals
to other offices. This is an interference with
the freedom of election and with the rights of
the people.
Another objection made by the Senator
from Wisconsin is that the proposed reform
will constitute officeholders a privileged class
to hold their places during life. Sir, I am not
in favor of any such system as that. I do not
think that the civil service commission have
recommended any such system as that; but
I am in favor ot reforming the civii service
system so as to allow appointees to hold their
offices lor stated periods unless sooner re-
moved for cause. Let it be for five years, or
eight years, or ten, whatever time shall' be
thought proper by the legislative department
of the Government. When a person is ap-
pointed to office, let him be a freeman, and not
the mere instrument of the member of Con-
gress who procures for him his appointment
as a reward for party or individual services,
and let him hold his office till the end of his
term if he discharges his duty faithfully to the
country. The offices are for the country, and
not for the party. A man may be elected to
an office by a party; but when he accepts
that office, whether here in the Senate, in the
House of Representatives, or whether he takes
it by appointment, he takes the office to dis-
charge its duties for his country, and not for
his party.
In some respects I think this report defect-
ive. It should have gone further and recom-
mended non-removal from office for a limited
period except for cause. Not having done so
Congress should by law provide that when a
man is appointed to office he shall hold it for
a stated period if he discharges its duties hon-
estly, faithfully, and efficiently. I know there
are inconveniences in every system; no system
will be perfect. Some have said that if an
officer is only to be removed for cause, there
will be many instances where the appointing
power cannot specify a sufficient cause which,
upon trial, would convict the person of in-
competency or official misconduct, and yet he
might be an improper officer. Well, then, let
the law provide that no one shall be removed
from office except for cause to be specified
in writing by the head of the Department, or
by the President, when the removal takes
place. Let the person making the appoint-
ment remove the officer at his discretion,
specifying in writing the cause for which he
removes him, and that he deems that suffi-
cient, and a just public sentiment among an
intelligent people will look at the cause that
he assigns, and no head of Department and
no President will be sustained by the people
if for frivolous and pretended causes and
excuses he discharges honest, efficient, and
competent officers. This will afford a protec-
tion which will perhaps be sufficient against
improper removals.
1 think, instead of examining men who are
to be appointed to office hereafter only, the
report should have provided for examining
those now in office, and for going into the
Departments, entering every branch of the
civil service, and inquiring who fill the offices,
whether there are supernumeraries as the tes-
timony in New York is disclosing—men who
receive appointments and draw salaries and
render no services to the country. If we
undertake to make this reform, I want it to
beathorough one; and notwithstanding the
opinion expressed by the Senator from Wis-
consin, that civil service reform will defeat
any party that adopts it, I say to him that in
my opinion, and according to my belief, the
people of this country, startled as they have
been by the disclosure of recent abuses in the
city of New York and elsewhere, will over-
throw any party that stands in opposition to
civil service reform.
adjournment to monday.
During the remarks of Mr. Trumbull, Mr.
Cameron requested him to yield the floor to
allow a motion to be made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. [ will yield if it will
only take a moment.
Mr. CAMERON. My motion is, that when
the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet
on Monday at the usual hour.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we have so much
business before us that we ought to spend to-
morrow here.
^Mr. TRUMBULL. If there is to be any
discussion, I cannot yield.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania is aware of the fact, that,
there being a resolution pending before the
Senate the motion cannot be entertained ex-
cept by consent.
Mr. CAMERON. I know that, and I take
it for granted there will be no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
a vote being taken.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Senate ought
to remain in session to-morrow, because there
is pressing public business.
Several Senators. Let a vote be taken.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there is to be a vote,
I yield.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstood the Senator from Ohio to object.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not object to a
vote being taken, but I object to the motion
itself.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator trom
Pennsylvania.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Kentucky
gave notice that he intended to call up his
resolution to-morrow and address the Senate
upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Kentucky object to the vote being taken
upon this proposition ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. All I desire is
about an hour's time. I would as soon occupy
that time on Monday as to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is manifest that the
courtesy of the Senator from Kentucky may
give way to-morrow when he desires to speak,
but that will crowd us on Monday. There are
several bills here, none of them perhaps of a
very important character, which might as well
be disposed of to-morrow, and a few Senators
can be absent if they wish to be away.
Mr. THURMAN. Allow me to interrupt
my colleague a moment. I submit that the
Committee on the Judiciary ought to have
the whole of to-morrow, if the Senate wants
the apportionment bill returned to it in time,
and also wants several other matters acted
upon which are before that committee. We
ought to have the whole of to-morrow for that
committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no trouble about
the Judiciary Committee meeting to-morrow
and being in session during the sitting of the
Senate. It seems to me that when there are
several matters pending that can be settled,
we might as well sit to-morrow. I submit the
motion to the Senate, however.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us have a vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, that when the Senate adjourns to-day
it adjourn to meet on Monday.
The motion was agreed to.
tiie appointing power.
Mr. TRUMBULLhaving concluded his remarks
on the pending question, being the resolu-
tion of Mr. Carpenter as to the power of
appointment,
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I do not
desire to enter into the debate of the question
of civil service reform, but simply to correct
a misapprehension that grew out of a remark
made by the Senator from Wisconsin. I under-
stood him to say that the President had aban-
doned, for the present at least, the attempt at
civil service reform. The remark was probably
stronger than ho intended.
Mr. CARPEN TER. I did not say that. I
said that I understood the President had sus-
pended it until a more perfect system of rules
could be adopted to carry it into operation.
If I had understood the whole thing was aban-
doned, of course I should have said nothing
about it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Illi-
nois then, seizing upon that remark, criticised
it to some extent. I have made the inquiry
whether any change has been made in the
policy of the Administration in regard to civil
