410
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 203
Senate.
Extension of Ku Klux Act—Mr. Alcorn.
42d Cong....2d
his bed-room door, and broke into his room; broke
the door."
Mr. ALCORN. Was he there at the time?
Mr. PRATT. I believe not.
Mr. ALCORN. Then he was not competent
to testify with regard to what the Ku Klux did
to his superintendent. I suggest to the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana that instead of
the hearsay testimony of Governor Powers he
should have obtained the testimony of the
superintendent himself. I appeal from Gov-
ernor Powers's testimony in November, to his
testimony of the following January, and to the
testimony of this letter of his under date of this
present May—concurrent declarations that the
condition of Mississippi is peace.
Mr. PRATT. I find on examining further
that he was present at his plantation the night
the Ku Klux visited it and atlempted to mur-
der his superintendent, because he described
the number of the party and their appear-
ance—their disguises.
Mr. ALCORN. He was there. Did he see
it?
Mr. PRATT. Certainly. If the honorable
Senator will allow me, I will read a few pas-
sages.
Mr. ALCORN. My dear sir, you have read
bo many extractsfrom Governor Powers's tes-
timony, I must beg at last to be excused. I
concede the fact: a certain overseer was shot
at in Winston county. What then? Must the
Congress of the United States suspend, there-
fore, habeas corpus within all the wide borders
of Mississippi?
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Pratt]
the other day put the following language into
the mouth of some bold negro at the South :
that labor has its rights, and if justico were
done the wealth of the South mainly created
by his people should be divided between the
two races. "Now, sir," says the honorable
gentleman, " knowing as we do that the slave
labor of the South filled it with most of its
wealth, should we be surprised that the col-
ored race really thought at the close of the
war that it was their right to have a portion
of the land?" " We know," ho says again,
"the dominant thought with them was that
the Government which had struck off their
fetters would compel some restitution for
their years of unpaid toil, and that this com-
pensation could come in no form so appro-
priate and just as in a division of the land,
it was," the Senator declares, " no wild or
absurd fancy of tfieirs, but the very expression
of justice."
The Senator gives assent to that opinion.
Mr. PRATT. I Bland by that doctrine.
Mr. ALCORN. Very well, sir; I have a
reply to make to that.
The temptations repeated in the gentleman's
speech have been held out since the close of
the war to lead the negro to measures of anar-
chy. All honor to the good sense and modera-
tion of the colored people of the South ; for
with all these incitements to agrarian is ni they
have commanded the respect of the friends of
law and order throughout the land by their
refusal to stain.their control of political power
in certain States byasingle act of agrarianism.
Now, sir, if the colored people '' had the best
right to occupy and use the lauds their labor
had cleared, fenced, drained, and tilled," the
proposition is, I presume, not limited by lati-
tude. If the Senator's "justice" and " right"
be not different in different climates, they de-
clare that the "unpaid toil" of two hundred
and thirty-seven slaves in 1810 and one hun-
dred and ninety slaves in 1820 constitute,
under a fair capitalization at compound inter-
est, a claim of " restitution" that lies against
the owners of landed property in the State of
Indiana. And I submit that inasmuch as jus-
tice as well as charity ought to begin athotne,
the Senator owes it to his consistency, if not
to his conscience, to make an immediate
appeal to the moral sense of his constituents
for a settlement of that account.
Whether the chancery in which proceedings
under the Senator's "justice" are to be taken
be on earth or in heaven, I submit that the cases
ought to be placed upon the docket in order
of time. Before "unpaid, toil" had opened
any account of "restitution" in Mississippi,
it had run up to the extent of one hundred and
fifty-eight cases—one hundred and fifty-eight
slaves—in a State so full now of the Senator's
moral unction as the State of New Hampshire I
Before Mississippi can be brought to trial, let
it be understood that a thousand cases of this
restitution—for the "unpaid toil " of a thou-
sand slaves—stand with all the accumulations
of eighty years of compound interest against
the landed property held by a people so redo-
lent with the odor of the Senator's righteous-
ness as the citizens of l^hode Island! Before
Mississippi can be brought to settlement, under
the gentleman's ethics, place in liquidation the
landed estate of Connecticut for restitution,
interest upou interest for eighty years, of the
" unpaid toil'' of neai ly three thousand slaves;
the landed estate of Pennsylvania for that of
four thousand slaves; the landed estate of
New Jersey lor that of eleven thousand slaves ;
the landed estate of New York for "the un-
paid toil," interest upon interest for eighty
years, of twenty-one thousand slaves. When
this is done, sir, we of the South will have
learned to regard the morality which the gen-
tleman teaches on the subject of slave labor
with feelings other than indignation.
And, sir, when you speak of requiting the toil
of the slavesgoand make restitution to them for
the cottontax which wasimposed upon them by
the Government after they had been given
their freedom. When they were homeless and
houseless and penniless, when they had nothing
but the labor of their hands, the Government
put a tax upon that labor, in wringing from
their poverty a tax upon their cotton. Make
restitution to the colored men for that before
you speak about dividing out to them the
lands of the southern people.
But, sir, labor is gaming strength the land
over. Its demands will go on to make good
all the real wrongs that it has suffered, the
many inflicted on it by capital. This coming
struggle, whose opening we hear like artillery
in the distance, will produce no disturbance
at the South, but it will reach the very found-
ations of society at the North. While incen-
diary radicalism, such as that which preaches
restitution to the southern negro, will, I trust,
not be permitted by the friends of labor to de-
grade that righteous contest into anarchy, the
contest must go on, however, to the settlement
of fundamental questions of the relations of
capital and labor on a basis of genuine justice.
Unembarrassed by great interests of monopoly
in mills, mines, furnaces, banks, the people of
the South, property-holders and laborers, will
be found, with all their sympathieson the side
of labor,-partaking in this great issue as arbi-
trators.
When you say that it was nothing but the
demand of justice that the colored laborers
should be permitted to share the lands of the
South as a restitution for years of unpaid toil
is it not equally the demand of justice that the
white laborers shall be permitted to share the
lands of the North in restitution for years of
labor underpaid?
In the gentleman's own State of Indiana the
statistics show that the productions of her
agriculture amounted in 1870 to a sum thirteen
times the amount paid for their production to
her agricultural labor. When capital in that
State takes thus twelve dollars while it gives
to the labor by which it is made to fructify, but
oite dollar, the honorable Senator had better
be chary of the righteousness that would de-
mand restitutions to labor unpaid or under-
paid.
The Senator from Missouri [Mr. Blair]
to-day stated that Mississippi would have been
destroyed in all probability if a northern
man had been elected its Governor. I flatter
myself that there are many northern men
within my knowledge who would have been
a check upon the wrongs that were proposed
by a certain class to be put upon the people of
Mississippi. The present Governor of the
State, a northern man, is one who regards the
interest of Mississippi, who discharges his duty
well, and who has stood as a check upon the
avarice of the class of men who are ready to
plunder the State, a class of men not confined
to carpet-baggers, but of people from the
North and the South—a class that exists in
every State of this Union, that exists in every
land, and in Mississippi to no greater extent
than in any other State. The treasury of
Mississippi has been protected from flagrant
wrong. While it was asserted to-day that the
debt of the State had been increased since
reconstruction from nothing to $>1,700,000, I
declare that the statement is substantially
untrue.
When Mississippi was restored she was
without a dollar of money. She had issued
warrants for the purpose of carrying on her
government. She was in debt. The warrauts
were worth but about sixty cents on the dollar.
It was asserted by our Democratic friends tnat
before the Republicans had been in office three
months the warrants would not be worth twelve
and a half cents. We went forward for eighteen
months without having collected taxes. The
demands upon the treasury were great. The
State capitol was crumbling into ruins. The
charities of the State were falling down. I
had to use my own credit before 1 had been
Governor a week for the purpose of supplying
the lunatics with food 1 Poor indeed was Mis-
sissi ppi. The people were unable to pay taxes.
It was necessary that we should extend our
credit; but we extended it in such a way as to
go forward for eighteen months without the
collection of a dollar of tax. At the end of
that time instead of our State warrants being
worth but sixty cents, as they were when we
entered on civil government, the warrants
were worth ninety cents. It is not true that
the debt of the State has been increased, save
in this sense: when Mississippi went into
secession, she had lent to the different railroads
one of her trust-funds—the Chickasaw school
fund—to an amount, representing principal
and interest, about a million dollars. The
railroads having failed to discharge this debt,
it was assumed by the State.
When the war was about to close, the rail-
road men saw that the cause of the South was
lost. They appealed to the Legislature to
permit them to pay their liabilities under the
loan of this Chickasaw school fund in ihe war-
rants or bonds of the State. The Legislature
accepted the proposition, and the debt was
paid in confederate money or in State warrants.
This mulcted the State of nearly a million
dollars. To the credit of the Senator from
Mississippi be it said, while he was military
Governor he instituted a suit against the rail-
roads in order to obtain the return of this
mulcting to the treasury. That suit was car-
ried forward after I became Governor, and
was prosecuted to success. The railroads will
therefore be made to refund about one million
of the debt which stands charged to-day to
the State of Mississippi as a debt that was
created by her reconstructed government.
The cost of the government of the recon-
structed State, with the discount upon the
paper added, amounted to but little over a
million dollars. And this included, mark
you, the exceptional expenditures that were
necessary to be made upon the capitol, the
