1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2255
out no deeper than eighteen feet three inches below
the actual water-surface, they can attfl-ia the depth
of eighteen ieet referred to mean low water daring
periods of low tide only; adding the consideration
of time neoessary for repairs, and the shortness of
the total period of actual work is readily accounted
for.
" It may not be out of place to state that whenever
the screws have been made to take hold of the bar
deposits, the results have appeared to confirm the
correctness of the principle adopted, that ot harrow-
ing or teai ing up these deposits, in connection with
the action ot tho current, in the case of the tough
incrustation found on the outer slope of the bar, as
well as that of the soft material underneath it, and
forming the other portions of the bar.
"I inclose herewithacopy of tho contractor's let-
ter, claiming the first installment of the remuner-
ation per contract, and of my letter to him, stating
my action on the claim.
*' His expenditures have been considerable, and he
states that ho is much in need of funds. It is due to
him to state that, with the exception of providing
himself with an adequate dredge-boat, due doubt-
less to an error of judgment, his efforts to perform
his contract have generally given me satisfaction,
and have been characterized by an honest purpose
to discharge fully his obligations to the United
States.
"Should the Department deem it expedient to an-
nul his contract, I would theretore respectfully rec-
ommend that I be authorized to reimburse him to an
extent not exceeding the actual cost of the machine
and fixtures added to the Wiggins, for the special
purpose of working on the Southwest Pas3 bar, under
his contract extended November 5, 1806; leaving all
other losses, including the daily expenses of running
the dredge-boat and working on tho bar, from their
completion and departure tor the bar, to be borne
by himself.
"All things considered, it is my decided opinion
that the public interests would be suoserved by im-
mediately annulling Mr. Tyler's contract lor improv-
ing the Southwest Pass, and reserving the balance
which may remain of the appropriation lor improv-
ing the mouth of the Mississippi river, under which
that contract was made, to aid in carrying out the
improvement contemplated under the appropria-
tion for that purpose tor the ensuing fiscal year. As
stated in my letter to tho Department of the 5lLi
instant, the pubhe suffers almost imperceptibly from
the bar obstructions during the season now begun,
as indicated generally by the experience ot former
years.
" Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
M. D. McALESTBR,
Brevet Brigadier Generals Major of Engineer
In reply to this letter the chief of engineers writes:
"Your letter of the 23d ultimo, announcing the
failure of Horace Tyler, contractor for improve-
ment of Southwest Pass, to comply with the terms
of the contract, has been received. You are author-
ized to annul tne contract and intorrn the contractor
that it is incompatible with the interest ot the work
to extend lurther indulgence, as there is no reason
to expect more favorable results than have been
obtained from his efforts, which there is every reason
to believe have been exerted in goodfaithand to the
best of his ability.
" You will also inform him that there is no author-
ity of law for making payment for actual cost of
machinery or fixtures designed for the special pur-
pose ot working at the Southwest Pass. Ileimburse-
xnent for losses sustained under his failure to com-
ply with the contract can only be made under an act
of Congress especially authorizing it."
Under date of June 13, McAlester writes to the
chief of engineers: .
" I have the honor to anknowl edge receipt of engin-
eer department letter of the 8th instant. As au-
thorized thereby, I have annulled Mr. Tyler's ex-
tract, and have communicated to him the decision
regarding remuneration for his outlays."
In support of claimant's allegation that he did
finally open the said pass according to the specifica-
tions of the contract, he show^ that, on application
to the president and members ot the Chamber of
Commerce ot New Orleans, he procured a survey and
report upon the condition ot said pass to be made.
This board of survey consisted of James B. McCon-
nell, agent appointed by the underwriters ot New
Orleans; Edward A. Freeman, captain United States
revenue service ; W. F. Loan, acting engineer Uni-
ted States Navy; and Asa Payson and Asa A. Doug-
lass, bar pilots. On the 14th November, 1867, they
made the following report: ' .
" We, the undersigned, having been appointed a
committee to ascertain the depth of water at the
Southwest Pass, do certify that we have this day
made a careful sounding of the same, and find the
lowest depth of water to be eighteen feet ten inches
mean low water, and for a width of two hundred
feet, and this alter the prevalence of a strong north-
erly wind, which always causes a very low tide. H e
further certity that, in our opinion, this depth or
water is owing to the constant operations ot the
dredge machine Wiggins's Ferry."
The presideut of the said Chamber of Commerce
certifies that " the several signers to said certificate
of survey are, to the best of my knowledge, experi-
enced and competent men, and that their certificate
is entitled to full laith and credit." He further cer-
tifies to the fidelity of claimant in prosecuting his
work, and the great vahie of the improvement
effected by what he did.
Claimant also files the certificate of Ihomas A.
Adams, president of the board of underwriters at
Sew Orleans, to the effect that the report of the
board of survey aforesaid^is entitled to tho fullest
confidence;" and declares that tho claimant is
"entitled to the most liberal consideration of the
Government."
Claimant also files certificates of the Hamburg
American PaeketCompany, stating that the " steam-
ers of their line during the season of 1867-68 passed
the bar at Southwest Pass, in and out, drawing
eighteenfeetsixinches to eighteen feetnineinches."
It also appears that during the year 1867, the fol-
lowing vessels, drawing depths as here stated, did
pass through said pass, to wit:
Ship Marcia Greenleaf, out, April, seventeen and
a halt feet.
Ship Old Dominion, out, April, eighteen feet.
Ship H. L. Richardson, out, April, eighteen and a
halt feet.
Ship John Sidney, in, April, seventeen and a half
feet.
Ship T. P. Sage, out, April, seventeen and a half
feet.
Ship Asage, out, May, eighteen feet.
Ship Havelock, out, May, eighteen feet.
Ship Wyoming, out, May, eighteen feet.
Ship May Flower, in, June, eighteen feet.
Bark Rome, out, June, eighteen feet.
Ship Wild Hunter, in, July, eighteen feet.
ShipLancastran, out, July, eighteen and a quarter
feet.
Ship Belgruia, out, July, eighteen and a half feet.
Ship Waverly, in, August, seventeen and a half
feet.
Ship May Flower, out, August, soventoen feet.
Bark Mereidia, in, September, eighteen feet,
Steamer City of Limerick, out, December, eighteen
feet.
Steamer Teutonia, out, December, eighteen feet.
Steamer Concordia,, out, December, seventeen feet.
Thus showing that, in the months of April, May,
June, July, August, September, and December, 1867,
vessels drawing a depth of eighteen feet (the depth
required by the contract) and more, had repeatedly
passed in and out through the said Southwest Pass.
On the 14thof January, 1870, theSecretary of War,
in compliance with a resolution of tho Senate of
April 19, 1869, directing an examination to bo made
as to the condition of the bar at the mouth of the
Mississippi river, at Southwest Pass, transmitted to
the Senate a report of the chief of engineers, of the
date of January 14,1870, which contains the follow-
ing btatements:
"I have the honor to state that the examination
required was made in the latter part ot November
last, when it was found that the length of the bar at
Southwest Pass, from twenty feet depth of water
inside to twenty feet outside, was nine thousand
feet, with sixteen feet of water through at mean tide.
During the time of tho examination the wind blew
fresh from thesouthward, and undoubtedly increased
the usual depth of about fourteen feet to sixteen
feet."
Thus it appears that since the claimant, in Novem-
ber, 1867, had opened the pass, as he alleges, and as
the foregoing testimony would seem to prove it had
been opened to tho depth of eighteen feet ten inches,
it had, at some time between that date and Novem-
ber, 1860, filled up, leaving adepth of only from four-
teen to sixteeu feet. This filling up will be ex-
plained by the following-extract from a report on
the physics and hydraulics of the Mississippi, made
in 1861 by thechiefof engineers and Brevet Brigadier
General Abbot:
" The bars at the mouths of the Mississippi river
are always forming, and a perpetual annual expend-
iture must be incurred to increase permanently the
depth of water upon them. In this all engineers
who have written upon the subject agree. The ap-
propriations made by Congress for that object, how-
ever, have been given irregularly and at intervals
of several years; so that the deepening of the chan-
nels effected by one appropriation has been tilled in
long before the passage ol the next. To be of prac-
tical benefit to navigation, the depth of the chan-
nels must be permanently increased, a condition
that could never be attained under the system of
aporopiiations heretofore followed."
This report of tho chief of engineers contains the
following reference to the claimant and his afore-
said contract, and shows that nothing had been done
to the Southwest Pass since the claimant quit work-
ing upon it in October, 1867: ^
" Under the appropriation of $<5,000 June 23,1866,
a contract was entered into for the excavation ot a
channel across the bar at the Southwest Pass two
hundred feet in width and eighteen feet deep at
mean low water, to be completed within a specified
time and maintained for three months. The con-
tractor, however, failed to complete his dredge-boat
in due season, and on his application the time was
repeatedly extended, until it finally appeared that,
owing to the inadequate and imperfect cnaracter
of the boat and macninery, he was likely to accom-
plish no result. The contract was finally annulleu,
leaving tho greater part of thisappropiiation unex-
pended, and nothing further has been done as yet
toward deepening the bar at the Southwest Pass.
Such are the facts presented by this ease, ihey
show that the claimant failed to commence his
work until after the time for its completion had
expired; that such failure was not the result ot
any bad faith on his part, but, in part, was owing
to a misconception ot the difficulties^ the work,
and, in part, to unforeseen and providential tnn-
derances; that the agent and representative of the
Government, recognizing the good intention ana
good faith of the contractor to enter upon and com-
plete the work, repeatedly extended the time fur
the completion thereof; that in April, 186/, prior to
the annulling of the contract, tho channel through
tho pass had been opened to such a depth that ves-
sels drawing a depth of more than eighteen feet had
repeatedly passed through the same; that the rea-
son why said channel, on the subsequent survey
thereof by direction of the agent of the Govern-
ment, made in May, 1867, showed a less depth than
seventeen feet, was, probably, owing to tho severe
storm of the 2d of May, which had driven claim-
ant's dredge-boat ashore; that said agent, while
advising the annulling of the contract, nevertheless
stated that the claimant, in " his efforts to perform
his contract, had generally given him satisfaction, and
had been characterized by an honest purpose to dis-
charge fully his obligations to the United States,"
and therefore recommended that ho " be authorized
to reimburse claimant to an extent not exceeding
the actual cost of the machine and fixtures" which
ho had employed in working on the pass ; that after
the annulling of the contract, without any author-
ity on the part of the Government, tho claimant
continued his work until some time in October, 1867,
when, alleging that he had completed the channel
to the depth and width required by the contract, ho
procured a survey thereof under the direction ol the
Chamber of Commerce of New Orleans, as herein-
before stated, which was made in November, 1867:
that according to the evidence the chanuel was
then so open to the depth claimant alleged it was;
and finally, that the amount actually expended by
the claimant on said work, according to the state-
ment thereof in detail, including machinery for
dredge-boat, cost of repairs, &c., verified by the
affidavits of himself and one Chauncey Tyler, was
$79,199 25.
Moreover, the presumption is that if the claimant
had finished his contract in the time and manner
required by the contract, and had kept the channel
open for three months, as required, (for then the
appropriation in this behalf would have been ex-
hausted,) and the channel had then been left to
itself, as it probably would have been, it would, for
the reasons stated in the report above cited of 1861,
made by the chief of engineers and General Ab-
bot, have "filled in long before" 1869, when the
examination of said pass was made in conformity
with the resolution of the Senate of April, 1869. It
seems that the irregularity of the appropriations by
Congress usually led to the very result in other cases
which occurred in this case; and it is probable—
indeed, under the circumstances it is almost cer-
tain—that if the claimant had opened tho Southwest
Pass within the time and m themanner required by
his contract, and had been paid for it, tho pass
would have been in the same condition in which it
was found when it was examined, as aforesaid, in
November, 1860.
Docs the case as thus stated create an equitable
obligation on the part of the Government to pay
anything to the claimant; and if so, what amount?
The agent of the Government who made tne con-
tract and supervispd the work thought so, for he did
"recommend that he be authorized to reimburse the
claimant to an extent not exceeding ihe actual cost
of the machine and fixtures added to the Wiggins,
for the special purpose of working on the Southwest
Pass bar;" and the language of the authorities at
Washington declining to allow such payment to be
made was "reimbursement for losses sustained
under his failure to comply with his contract can
only be made under act of Congress especially au-
thorizing it."
The aggregate amount of the expenses thus rec-
ommended to be paid is $32,778 83. (See affidavits
of Jonn Armstrong and Thomas G. Mackie.)
But the committee are of opinion that the Govern-
ment is itself, to some extent, responsible for the
continuance of the work by the claimant until the
time of *he annulment ot the contract, about the
13th of June. Knowing all the previous circum-
stances, the agent ot the Government virtually en-
couraged the claimant to proceed with it until about
that time. It does not appear that the continuance
of the work by the claimant was instrumental in
preventing any other person from undertaking it.
If the Government had provided the necessary
means for keeping the chanuel open in November,
1867, and had kept those means m operation, it would
to-day be in the condition in which the claimant
had contracted to make it, and in which he left it at
that time. The Government has done nothing to the
work since, and by its own neglect now finds it
" filled in."
The committee, considering all the circumstanoes,
are of the opinion that the claimant is equitably
entitled to at least the amount of money ho actually
expended on said work, which is $46,410 42. This
sum does not include the expense of the machinery
and apparatus of his dredge-boat, which, perhaps,
are now of little value, and which, as before «tated.
amounted to the sum of $32,788 83,
The committee, therefore, beg leave to report the
accompanying bill, appropriating to said claimant
the above sum of §46,410 42, in full for the whole
claim, and recommend its passage.
The bill was reported to the Sen&te with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
C, AND H. W. SPENCER.
Mr. HOWE, I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 687.
The bill (S. No. 687) for the relief of Charles
