1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4047
which he has been informed was a dividend
upon a narrow and nominal capital, that cap
ital which rented the works of the State of New
York. The dividend was based upon this nom-
inal capital, and not upon ihe actual amount
of capital employed. I dismiss that point,
informing the Senator that since he made his
attack lately upon the Onoudaga' Salt Com-
pany and his exhibit of its profits that com-
pany has gone into sequestration, sinking un-
der its burdens, and not having divided two
per cent, a year for the last two years. For
that statement I will furnish the Senator my
authority, and, as in the oilier case, he ean
satisfy himself readily whether it be reliable
or not.
Now, I want to make two remarks upon this
proposition of the House and of the com-
mittee. In the first place it inflicts a penalty
upon salt in sacks. Why ? Because the man
who imports a sack empty to put salt in pays
a large duty ; and if he will only put suit m
it before he brings it in, he pays relatively and
practically less. Let me give the figures upon
this:
" Tbus the duty on the empty pack (used in the im-
portation ot' the Ashton salt) is lorty per cent, ad
valorem. Such a sack costs in Liverpool thirty-two
cents. The duty, therefore, when imported empty,
is twelve and eight tenths cents. The Asbton
sack of salt contains two hundred and twenty-four
pounds. On this the proposed duty of twelve cents
£er one hundred pounds is twenty-seven cents.
'eductthe proper duty on an empty sack, and it
leaves only fourteen and two tenths cents duty on
the two hundred und twenty-lour pounds>of salt, and
this amounts to only six and three tenths cents duty
f>tr 0110 hundred pounds, being one and seven tenths
ess than the eight-cent duty on loose salt. Practi-
cally this is a remission ot part of the duty on salt
when imported in a foreign sack; aud this is the
more inequitable because the American producer of
the sack salt mainly uses foreign sacks as the best
adapted to the purpose."
Five minutes will not allow me to amplify
this point; but would any Senator vote lor a
scale like this, one which offers a bounty to
the foreign producer of salt who puis it in a
sack and inflicts a penalty on the American
producer? I hope not.
But again, an ad valorem duty is necessary.
Why? Because otherwise you impose a uni-
form duty upon grades which differ three hun-
dred per cent, from each other in their value.
Is not the gentleman who compiled the paper
1 hold in my hand warranted in saying that
this is not only unjust but absurd? Why
do we not elsewhere in the tariff impose the
same duty upon things worth $100 or worth
$300? As we discriminate between bloom iron
and pig iron throughout the tariff, so by the
same rule we should discriminate here. My
colleague has moved an ad valorem duty of
thirty per cent., which I believe is the true way
to reach justice, without which I believe the
salt interest ot the country likely to perish.
I will not dilate upon it. Every Senator
can estimate the value of the preservation of
this interest, and the calamity of its extinc-
tion; and 1 think no Senator can examine
these figures and doubt that eight and twelve
cents specific duty, as now proposed, is likely
to be fatal to an industry which, as the Sen-
ator from Michigan has said truly, represents
nothing but labor, taking a product of the
earth not only without value but noxious, and
transforming it by skill and labor into one of
the necessaries of life, and one of the com-
modities of the markef.
It is idle in live minutes to attempt any ex-
tended statement in this regard ; I will not do
it; but I beg the Senate to bear in mind first
that this imposition discriminates against salt
in sacks ; inflicts a penalty upon the American
producer who puts bis salt in sacks, discrim-
inates invidiously in favor of the foreign pro-
ducer, the man who sends sacks here con-
taining salt in place of sending them empty,
and the roan who buys in the same way; and
in the second place, it ignores entirely the fact
that be'.ween different qualities of the article
described the ditference in grade is probably
more than three hundred per cent., as stated
by one who knows whereof he speaks. I shall
vote for the amendment, and 1 hope it will
prevail.
Mr. THURMAN. Iamnotgoingtoconsume
time, but only to ask the Senator from New
York how he voted on the question of the uni-
form tax of twenty-four cents on tobacco 1
Mr. CONKLlNGr. 1 voted against it. How
did my honorable friend vote?
Mr. THURMAN. I would have voted against
it if I had been here, but I was tired and had
gone home. I am glad the Senator did so
vote, but there the Senate have put a tax of
six huudred percent, on some tobacco, whereas
upon other tob cco the tax is not five percent.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to say to the hon-
orable Senaior that in his absence I did as
well as I could in turning the attention of the
Senate to that fact. If he had been here he
would have made it more clear, and now I ask
him to stand by me in the argument-he would
have made on tobacco.
Mr. BLAIR. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from New York [Mr.
Fexton] by striking out " thirty per cent." and
inserting ''ten per cent." 1 do this for the
purpose of responding to some remarks which
have fallen from the Senator from New York
nearest me, [Air. Coxkling ] He speaks of
the fact that this Onondaga Salt Company has
sunk under its burden. If it has sunk at all
under any burden, it is the burden of its divi-
dends.
Mr. President, I read a notice of the suit to
dissolve the Onondaga Salt Company, a suit
brought in behalf of the stockholders against
the Onondaga Salt Company:
" Hon. George F. Comstock has been, by consent
of the pariies. appointed receiver, with direction
to pay the debts aud divide the capital among the
stockholders. The assets are understood to be over
two million dollars."
Two million dollars for a company that start-
ed out with $160,000, and that made seven divi-
dends in one year, one of which was twelve and a
half per cent., and are now about to dissolve
their affairs and divide among their stockhold-
ers $2,000,000. They have sunk indeed under
the burden, but it is the burden ot their divi-
dends.
Mr. CONKLINQ. That, the Senator says,
has crushed them down.
Mr. BLAIR. The dividends have destroyed
them. They have make so much money they
do not know what to do with it. [Laughter.]
This is another dodge of the salt company.
It has made a good many. We have traced
some of them up. They made a dodge in
trying to represent that they had $1,200,000
of paid-in stock when we know they had but
$160,000. They made a'dodge in preleud-
ing to say that they only get three per cent,
profit per annum upon their stock, when we
know that they got thirty per cent, upon
all the stock they had paid up, and now they
dissolve and succumb with $2,000,000 to divide
among the stockholders.
Mr. President, this is rather "too thin."
It is a dodge, while this measure is pending
before Congress to take away from them these
enormous privileges, to persuade the country
that they have been bankrupted by their losses
when ttiey have bankrupted the country by the
profits which they have extorted from it.
The Senator from West Virginia speaks of
the number of persons who would be left out
of employment. I ask that Senator if he
does not know that the salt company in his
own State has been rented by the Ohio Salt
Company and the works stopped there for fear
of making too much salt so as to reduce its
price in the market?
Mr. BO RE HAN. I will say to the Senator
from Missouri that I do not know any such
thing. The statement that I read here was
from a local paper giving the actual produc-
tion now.
Mr. BLAIR. I undertake to say that the
works are not in operation and have not been
for some time; that one of these monopolies
known as the Ohio company has rented the
Kanawha works and allowed them to be dig-
used in order that there might not be so large
a quantity of salt brought upon the market,
and that the people in his own State have been
thrown out of employment. Now I can tell
the Senator that the industries that use this
salt and that are taxed by these salt companies
employ fifty times as many hands as those who
are employed in malting salt.
The PRESIDING. OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired.
Mr. FEllRY, of Michigan, rose.
Mr. BO REM AN. If the Senator from
Michigan wilt allow me just a moment, ike
Senator from Missouri made tlie statement
some time ago in regard to the Kanawha salt-
works. I read in regard to Mason county,
chiefly where they are ail at work now. In
regard to the Kanawha salt-works I have
understood that a portion of the salt-works
in Kanawha county are suspended, but not all
of them. That is only one portion of the salt
operations in my state. It does not cover one
third or one fourth of the salt-works in my
State.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Missouri withdraw his amend-
ment ?
Mc. BLAIR. Yes, sir. I will simply say
that the fact I stated was admitted in the
House of Representatives, that the works had
been leased and were not now in operation.
Mr. BORBMAN. That only covers a small
portion of the works in my Slate.
Mr. BLAIR, I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. The Senator
from New York has substantially made the
point I desired to present to the Senate. I
will not touch upon the iuvidious discrimina-
tion that has been made between the different
methods of putting up salt, thus increasing
the tariff upon one more than upon the oiher.
I desire, however, to call the attention of the
Senator from Missouri to oue fact in relation
to the profit of this business which does not
apply to the salt-making in Michigan if it does
in New York. The Senator from New York
has replied to that feature of the remaiks of
the Senator from Missouri in regard to New
York, and I can give my observation of the
manufacture in the State of Michigan.
Salt is not made in the western portion of
the State where 1 reside ; but having occasion
to visit the Saginaw valley last season my
attention was directed to the fact of several
salt manufactories standing idle, two or three
of them actually in ruins, or going to ruins.
I asked the reason of the fact, and it was
stated that salt had been attempted to be man-
ufactured at those wells and the proprietors
had failed; and for what reason? Simply
because of the expense of the fuel necessary
to its manufacture, and they had not margin
enough to make up for this fuel, and the salt
manufactuiers weie driven to combine with
the making of salt the cutting of lumber ; and
it will be seen by any one who visits that region
that the successful salt manufacturing estab-
lishments are connected directly with lumber
establishments. In other words, the offal
resulting from the manufacture of lumber is
used as fuel in aid of the manufacture of salt.
By its use and the economy following thereby,
the business is carried on. Standing there
within sight there are wells that were idle at
that time, and are, I presume, to-day, that, are
disconnected, isolated from the lumber mills,
while those connected with the mills are in
operation and paying. If this be the fact, and
that the simple process of manufacturing salt
in itself considered is not a paying operation,
certainly the Senate will not be willing to cut
down the tariff on it, and tbus expose it to a
competition which will not only have ruined
that interest, but ruined others.
The Senator from Missouri has remarked
