1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1359
man throughout the State, and every paper
identified with the party of progress, have given
the measure a hearty support.
The issue, then, is made up. The pleadings
in the case are before the country. The dis-
tinguished Senator from Texas [Mr. Flana-
gan,] indorses the proposition, and it is ap-
proved by his colleague, [Mr. Hamilton,]
whose Republican principles are too well
known to be gainsaid.
I have no doubt, Mr. Speaker, that this
question will enter into the coming presiden-
tial contest in my State. There will then be
arrayed on the one side the bitter, determ-
ined, and unrepentant rebelss who, like the
Bourbons, forget nothing and learn nothing;
men whose lips are blistering with treason
and whose bands are red with the blood of
Union men ; the masked midnight murderers,
"Knights of the White Camelia,'; the ''Teu-
tonic Band of Brothers," the " Sons of the
South," and members of the "Blue Lodge,"
who, with murder and outrage, social and
financial ostracism, will attempt to prevent,
as they have ever done heretofoie, the free
expression of public opinion, and drive from
the polls every man who has the courage to
vote for the nominee of the Republican party.
On the other side there will be arrayed the
loyal hosts o&the South, the original Union
men, who have learned by their sufferings to
be strong, by that patience which is bitter, but
whose fruit is ever sweet, by an endurance
which is a crowning quality, and the passion
of great hearts to remain true to the holy
cause of freedom. Side by side with these
men will be found thousands of the confeder-
ate soldiery who, on many a battle-field, proved
their devotion to the "lost cause," but who
now, with the same courage with which they
fought, stand up to defend the integrity of the
Union and the principles of that party which
alone guaranties to them a suiv, prosperous,
and honorable future. And with these two
classes in the South will be identified the
million voters with their newly found free-
dom, a part of whose religion is a devotion
to the martyred Lincoln who issued the order
of emancipation, and to the leader of the
Union armies who made that proclamation
an accomplished fact. These people have
demanded and ought to enjoy all the rights
guarantied to every American citizen. The
amended civil rights bill they know will soon
become the law of the land, and they are right
when they insist that it should go band in hand
with general amnesty. It is unfortunate for
them that one of their great leaders has placed
them in a position where their rights could not
be promptly secured, by the adoption of the bill
in the Senate of the United States. It some-
times happens in the world's history that there
are persons who regard their friends as vic-
tims devoted to their reputation.
In politics as in warfare the enemy makes
the mistake of bringing on a general engage-
ment and wasting his energies before he has
reached his interior lines of attack, and thus
it is in the contest now waged by the enemies
of the Administration against its chief and his
friends. The result will be as during the late
war. The gentlemen who are now at the
front endeavoring to break down the Repub-
lican party will be found well in the rear
guarding the knapsacks of the boys in blue
and the boys in gray who, stripped for the fight,
in November next, shoulder to shoulder, will
together win auother victory for the old hero
of the army of the Tennessee.
This nation is not prepared after the last
twelve years' history to turn over this Govern-
ment to the control of its enemies. Lessons
learned by the men of both armies during the
war are not so easily forgotten. The striplings
who volunteered on either sideand who worked
up to their strong and vigorous manhood dur-
ing the terrible scenes in camp and field for
four yearp, are not the men to be deceived by
ambitious politicians who would climb to emi- ■
nence by base insinuation and attempts to
break down the reputation of the man whose
silence now is as characteristic and will be as
effective as at Vicksburg, in 186S, when his
enemies in Washington and in that rebel
stronghold made an u unconditional sur-
render."
I believe the people of this country will
guard well its own freedom and safety with a
sublime faith in the perpetuity of the Union ;
it will cheerfully accept this great controversy
of the second rebellion now inaugurated by its
pretended friends and life-long enemies; that
it will not degenerate or droop to a fatal decay,
but under its present vigorous and honest
administration will cast off the wrinkled skin
of corruption, outlive the pangs of party con-
flict, wax young again, and enter the glorious
ways of truth and virtue., and march nobly
forward to the high destiny decreed for it in
the eternal providence of God.
" Methinks I see in my mind a noble and puissant
nation rousing herself like a strong man after sleep,
and shaking her invincible locks; methinks I see
her as an eagle mewing her mighty youth, and kind-
ling her undazzled eyes at the full mid-day beam;
purging and unsealing her long-abused sight at the
fountain itself of heavenly radiance; while the whole
noise of timorous and flocking birds, with those also
that love the twilight, flutter about amazed at what
she means, and in tlieir envious gabble would prog-
nosticate a year of sects and schisms."
APPENDIX.
Texas War Legislation.
Sedition Law.
Chapter LI.—An Act to define and punish sedition,
and to prevent the dangers which may arise from
persons disaffected to the State.
skctiox 3. Be it enacted by the Legislature of (he
State of Texas, That if any person within this State
shall maliciously and advisedly discourage the peo-
ple from enlisting iuto the service of this State or
confederate States, or dispose the people to favor
the enemy, every such person shall be deemed guilty
of a high misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof
shall be punished by imprisonment in the peniten-
tiary for a term of not less than three nor more than
five years, at the discretion of the jury.
Approved, January 13,1862.
Retaliation.
Chapter IV.—Joint Resolution.
Resolved by the Legislature of the State of Texas,
That wo highly approve the promptness with which
the president of the confederate States has made
preparation to retaliate in the event the Lincoln
Government should execute as pirates any or all
of the crew of the privateer Savannah, and we ex-
press the decided opinion that retaliation should
be strictly and rigidly practiced by our government
in all such cases.
Resolved, That the Governor of this State transmit
a copy of this resolution to our members in the con-
federate congress, and that they lay it before Presi-
dent Davis.
Approved, December 9,1861.
A (Jrisis Arrives.
Chapter XI.—Joint Resolution,
Whereas a crisis has arrived which involves the
civilization, institutions, political and social rights
of the people of Texas, making it proper and expe-
dient that the representatives in the Legislature
should, in the most solemn manner, declare to her
sister States, composing the confederate States of
America, and to the world, her settled conviction
of the wanton injustice of the war now waged against
them by the northern States, and of her unfaltering
determination to cooperate with her sifter States in
prosecuting the war to a triumphant termination by
all means and at all hazards; and whereas it is a
historical fact, known to the nations of Europe, that
the independence of the thirteen original colonies
was separately acknowledged, and that these dis-
tinct sovereignties formed a voluntary Union under
the name and style of the United States of America;
-while it is a fact known to the people of the United
States that these Statss neverdid merge their sover-
eignty into the Government of the United States, but
that they only delegated to it certain expressed, lim-
ited and specific powers, while thev reserved to them-
selves the exercise of all other powers not so dele-
gated, and lest it should be inferred that thoy had
parted with the sovereignty, several States, and Vir-
ginia among the number, did, along with the act of
entering the Union, deel are their right of withdrawal,
and notwithstanding these decisive facts the right is
denied us, and the amazing spectacle is presented to
the world of the attempt to ignore the sovereignty
and rights of thirteen States, and by war to subju-
gate and hold in vassalage ten million people, thus
seeking to overthrow the fundamental principles
which underlie the theory of our government, and
upon which the whole system rests, and in the de-
struction of which there is inseparably joined the
submission and overthrow of republicanism; and
whereas we declare that for the sake of the Union,
such as was bequeathed to us by acommon ancestry
we have for long years submitted to enormous taxa-
tion, and to a monopoly of the coasting and fishing
bounties; but not content with this odious system
of materialrobbery, they have sought to rob us of our
j ust reputation abroad; and not only so, but through
misrepresentation we are regarded as the destroyers
of the Union, and themselves as politically striving
to preserve it, when in fact they have long since
destroyed it, all but in name, and are to-day willing
subjects of a ooarse and vulgar despotism. .But not-
withstanding all this it was not until they denied us
equality in the Union, and had succeeded by a sec-
tional war in placing in power a President, and in
the Halls of Congress a majority, pledged to carry
out these measures, that the people of the South
rose up in their majesty and accepted the issue of
war rather than submit to the disgrace of social
and political inequality. For many years they have
been engaged in making a moral war upon us, and
now, after thus assailing us audour institutions, they
have actually invaded our territory with lire and.
sword, proclaiming in advance the confiscation of
our property, the appropriation of our homesteads,
and if possible, by means of scrvilo insurrection, to
shed the blood of helpless infancy and age, having
already practiced outrages upon defenseless women
too horrible for utterance; and whereas we now sol-
emnly declare that there is no common bond of
union between the North and South, and farther,
that there is no homogeneity either in moral or
religious sentiment or pursuits; and whereas we
hereby congratulate our sister confederate States
upon the wisdom of our rulers, the skill of our gen-
erals, the valor of our fcoldiers, and the general &uc-
cess of our cause, and assure them that the people
of Texas are even more than ever prepared to de-
vote their entire and united energies to the success-
ful prosecution of the war, whatever proportions it
may assume or whatever sacrifices it may demand:
Therefore,
1. Resolved, That the people of Texas do hereby
assure her sister confederate States and the world
thatshe stands ready with heart and hand to resist
our invaders until their last soldier is driven from
our borders, and until we shall conquer an honor-
able and glorious peace.
2. That we reiterate the declaration that the States
which composed the United States did not merge
their sovereignty into that Government, but that
they entered into a voluntary compact, and that
they had the right of their own volition to with-
draw, and that the attempt by fire and sword to
compel them to remain in the Union would, if suc-
cessful, blot out the sovereignty and existence of tho
seceded States, and place in vassalage ten million
free people.
3. That the southern States have, in tho extreme
patience with which they have submitted to oppress-
ive legislation, given indubitable evidence of their
love for the Union framed by our fathers.
4. That the pretension of patriotism on the part
of the North, in waging a war for the Union, is
an enormous falsehood, and that their sole object
in its preservation is that they may continue to
plunder the South, and retain the power to render
us the victims of their avarice.
5. That the proximate cause of the dissolution
of the Union was that the North had the power and
had avowed the determination to deprive tho South
of social and political equality.
6. That wc hold them up before the world, with
all their pretensions to superior civilization, as
waging a war so barbarous as to be unknown to
the warfare of civilized nations, and such a3 is dis-
graceful to tho era in which they live.
7. That we utterly disclaim all affinity, all brother-
hood with them, and that we rejoice that we have
escaped the contaminating influence of their base
fanaticism.
8. That no overtures of peaceshould be considered
which do not as an indispensable prerequisite pro-
pose the recognition of the independence of these
confederate States, and that any offer cn the part of
the enemy to treat of peace which doe? not propose
the recognition of our independence, in advance,
and to make that recognition the basis of negotia-
tions, is an insult to our people and government,
and should be spurned as such.
9. That we have unlimited confidence in the wis-
dom of our president, the skill of our generals, the
courage of our soldiers, and in the final and glorious
triumph of our cause.
10. That the Governor of this State be requested
to forwaid a copy of these resolutions to each of our
representatives in congress, and to the Governor
of each of tho confederate States, with a request
that they bo laid before their respective Legisla-
tures.
Approved, January 13, 1862.
Inciting Insurrection.
Chapter XVIII.—An Act to define the offense of
exciting insurrection of slaves in certain cases,
and to prescribe the punishment therefor.
Whereas in the prosecution of the unholy war
now being waged by the United States against the
confederate States and the people thereof, our ene-
mies are seeking to bring upon us a servile war, by
arming our slaves and placing them in the ranks of
their armies, as well as otherwise, through the ac-
tion of their Government and the commissioned
officers of their armies, inciting insurrection and
insubordination: Thereforo,
Be it enacted, &c., That it shall be an offense, to be
denominated exciting insurrection or insubordina-
tion of slaves, for any commissioned - - of tho
