412
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 1,
Ho. of Reps.
Refunding Tax on Cotton—Mr. Perce,
42d Cong....2d Bess.
I propose to consider the law in this order.
Section nine, article one, of the Constitu-
tion provides:
"No tax or duty shall be laid on articles exported
from any State."
Upon the same subject, section ten of the
same article provides:
"No State shall, without the consent of Co-ngress,
lay any duties or imposts on imports or exports,
except what may be absolutely necessary for execut-
ing its inspection laws; and the net proceeds" *
* * * "shall be for the use of the Treasury
of the United States; and all such laws shall be sub-
ject to the revision and control of the Congress."
Article ten of amendments to the Constitu-
tion provides:
"The powers not delegated to the United States
by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the
States, are reserved to the States, respectively, or to
the people."
We see, therefore, that the subject of taxes
or duties upon exports is entirely exceptional.
It is not delegated to the United States, but, on
the contrary, is expressly prohibited ; it does
not come under the reservation of article ten
of amendments, because it is expressly pro-
hibited to the State, as well as to the United
States, and the respective States, or the peo-
ple, have no power under that article. If,
therefore, exports can be taxed at all, it is
under section ten of article one of the Consti-
tution. Now, under this section the State is
expressly forbidden to lay any impost or
duties on exports save what may be absolutely
necessary to execute its inspection laws, while
all over and above such necessary expenses go
into the United States Treasury, showing con-
clusively that the only way a tax, duty, or
impost upon the exports from any State may
be laid so as to inure to the benefit of the
United States is through an act of the State
Legislature under an enabling act by Con-
gress, providing a tax upon such exports in
excess of the absolutely necessary expenses
of executing the State inspection laws, an
instance whereof is not known in the history
of the legislation of our country, State or
national.
It is important in this connection to inquire
what is the constitutional meaning of the word
"exports."
Websterdefines exports to bo "acommodity
conveyed from one country or State to another
in traffic, or a commodity which may be ex-
ported." But when does such commodity be-
comean export? Jt surely is an export when
brought to the wharf, landing, or depot for ship-
ment, or in transitu for such wharf, landing, or
shipment. Ifso, the intention of the owner fixes
the character of the commodity. I submit
that such intention goes back to the producer,
and if he intends while producing the article
to export the same when ready for market,
_ such article is an export under the Constitu-
" tion. To show that such intention did and
does exist in the producers of cotton in the
United States, I read from the report of the
National Association of Cotton Manufac-
turers, whose interests upon this question are
surely entirely separated from those of the
cotton producers :
Total crop of 1808-69  2,459,998
Consumed in southern States  76,998
Exported to northern States 849,256
  926,254
Consumed abroad (exported)  1,533,744
A people who_ consume but 70,998 bales out
of 2,459,908 bales of cotton, less than one
thirtieth part of the amount produced, may
surely be said to intend exportation from the
very planting of the seed to the day of ship-
ment. Mr. Ellsworth, in the debates of the
Federal Convention, said :
" The powerof regulating tradebetween the States
will protect them against each other. Should this
not be the case, the attempts of one to tax the pro-
duce of another, passim; through its hands, will force
a direct exportation and defeat themselves. There
are solid reasons against Congress taxing exports.
First, it will discourage industry, as taxes'on im-
ports discourage luxury. Secondly, the produee of
different States is such as to prevent uniformity in
such taxes. There are, indeed, but a few articles that
could be taxed at all: as tobacco, rice, and indigo;
and a tax on thesealooe would be partial and unjust.
Thirdly, the taxing of exports would engender in-
curable jealousies."
Mr. Williamson said:
"Though North Carolina has been taxed by Vir-
ginia by a duty on twelve thousand hogsheads of
her tobaoco through Virginia, yet he would never
agree to this power. Should it take place it would
destroy the last hope of the adoption of the plan."
Add cotton, not then largely produced but
since became our chief export, to tobacco,
rice, and indigo, and apply the language of
Mr. Ellsworth Williamson.
Mr. Butler was strenuously opposed to a
power over exports as unjust and alarming to
the staple States, while Mr. Sherman said:
" It is best to prohibit the national Legislature in
all cases. The States will never give up all power
over trade. An enumeration of particular articles
would be difficult, invidious, and improper."—3
Madison Papers, pages 1383-1384.
The debates in the constitutional Convention
conclusively show that it was believed Con-
gress could not be safely intrusted with the
power of taxing exports ; that, if given, it might
exercise the power partially, crushing the in-
dustries of one portion of the country for the
benefit of another section or State ; that the
various industries of the country would ren-
der an equal apportionment of such tax im-
possible; that it would enable the General
Government to oppress the individual State
perhaps to the advantage of other States, as
I submit is the ease in regard to the cotton
tax ; and finally so grave was the objection to
this grant of power, that it was repeatedly de-
clared that its adoption would shipwreck the
entire constitutional scheme.
The arguments throughout on the part of
delegates from the southern 8tates were upon
the ground that without this constitutional
provision tobacco, rice, and indigo, the chief
productions of the southern States at that time,
and comprising a large portion of the exports
of the whole country, might be unduly de-
pressed or destroyed. Tobacco, rice, aud in-
digo have become exports of comparatively
small value, while cotton as an export ex-
ceeds in value 'the amount of all other arti-
cles. If Hamilton, Madison, and Gouverneur
Morris, the latter of whom advocated a tax
on exports in the constitutional Convention of
1787, denominated tobacco, rice, and indigo
" exports," I ask what would they, if living,
call cotton at the present time?
I call the attention of the House to the first
section of the law of July 13, 1866, and for
the purpose of bringing the subject clearly
before them, 1 eliminate such portions of that
section as do not bear upon the question pre-
sented :
" That on and after the 1st day of August, 1866,"
* * * * " there shall be paid by the pro-
duce owner or holder upon all cotton produced
within the United States" * * * * "a tax
of three cents per pound," * * * * " and
no drawback shall, in any ease, be allowed on raw
or unmanufactured cotton of any tax paid thereon
when exported in the raw or unmanufactured con-
dition."
The cotton is taxed in the hands of three
classes of persons:
1. The person who produced it for the pur-
pose of exportation.
2. The owner, that is, purchaser from the
producer for the purpose of exportation.
3. The holder, that is, agent of the foreign
or other purchaser who buys for exportation.
Justice Story, in his Commentaries on the
Constitution, says:
" The obvious object of these provisions is to pre-
vent any possibility of applying the power to lay
taxes or regulate commerce injuriously to the inter-
ests of any one State so as to favor or aid another.
If Congress were allowed to lay a duty on exports
from anyone State, it might unreasonably injure or
even destroy the staple productions or common
articles of that State. The inequality of such a tax
would be extreme. In some of the States the whole
of their means result from agricultural exports. In
others a great portion is derived from othersources;
from external fisheries; from freights; and from the
Srofits of commerce in its largest extent. The bur-
en of such a tax would of course be very unequally
distributed. The power is therefore wholly taken
away to intermeddle with the subject of exports."—
2 Story on Constitution, section 1011.
Chief Justice Marshall, in Brown vs. State
of Maryland, (12 Wheaton, 437,) asks and
answers the question, "What, then, is the
meaning of the words ' imposts or duties on
imports or exports?' " He says:
"An impost or duty on imports? is a custom or a
tax levied on articles brought into a country, and
is most usually secured before the importer is allowed
to exercise his rights of ownership over them, be-
cause evasions ot the law can be prevented more
certainly by executing it while the articles are in its
oustody. It would not, however, be less an impost
or duty on the articles if it were levied on tnem
after they were landed. The policy and consequent
practice of levying or securing the duty before or on
entering the port does not limit the power to that
state of things, nor consequently the prohibition,
unless the true meaning of the clause so confines it.
What, then, are imports? The lexicons inform us
tbey are 'things imported.1 If wc appeal to usage
for the meaning of the word we shall receive the
same answer. They are thearticles themselveswhich
are brought into the country. ' A duty on imports,'
then, is not merely a duty on the act of importation,
but is a duty on the thing imported."
Now, the word " export" means exactly the
opposite of the word "import." The latter
is an article brought in, the former an article
to be carried out of a State or country. We
will suppose the case of a merchant in New
Orleans, who goes to England and purchases
goods there for importation ; could the State
tax the articles so brought? Certainly not. He
brings them to New Orleans; can the State
tax them? Certainly not. He lands his goods
after paying the proper duties to the United
States; can it then tax them? Certainly not,
even by means of an indirect tax or license
upon the business of the importer. The Con-
stitution prohibits the laying of any tax upon
importations by the State in any way, shape,
or manner.
Now, the United States in regard to exports
stands in exactly the same position as the sev-
eral States in regard to imports. There is no
constitutional prohibition resting upon the
United States in reference to imports; but
the words "no tax or duty shall be laid on
articles exported from any State" are clearly
and imperatively binding upon Congress. We
will now suppose that our merchant before
going, thinking to make his profit each way,
and for the purpose of making exchange, in-
stead of taking money with him to pay for his
goods buys cotton on which no tax has been
paid; can the State lay any duty upon his cot-
ton as a condition-precedent to its shipment?
Certainly not. The ruling of Chief Justice
Marshall upon the second paragraph of sec-
tion ten, article two, is plainly against any
such procedure; and if the State cannot, the
United States are assuredly barred under the
provisions of the ninth section.
We might assume, as is often the case in
our southern States, that the merchant and im-
porter is also a planter, but the number of
hands through which the article passes until
it reaches its final destination is of no mo-
ment. The importer may sell his goods in
transitu, on shipboard, or in bond after arrival,
and their exemption from State taxation still
obtains. So the planter may export himself,
as a very large proportion of our planters
always do, or he may sell to others for export-
ation ; the same principle governs the '■ arti-
cle carried out of the country" as does " the
articles brought in." It may be urged that
the prohibition only applies to the identical
thing carried out of the country, charging it
to be a part of the general property of the
