3152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May %
money to be paid to parties without regard to
the question of loyalty or friendship to the
Government, and to another class of the same
claimants denies that right unless they prove
their loyalty and friendship. One or other of
the propositions must be wrong. My belief
is that in the present state of public affairs
both are wrong. 1 am sure it cannot be the
judgment of the House that we shall by an
order on the Treasury force the payment of
this money, up to $23,000,000, to parties who
are not called upon or invited to prove their
loyalty, and to deny the same to other parties
unless they do prove their loyalty.
X hope, therefore, the House will not agree
to the amendmetitproposed by the Committee
on Appropriations. I will concede the justice
of the decision of the Chair, that this amend-
ment of the committee is germane to the Sen-
ate amendment; but it is carrying the princi-
ple to a great extent to recognize this. And
certainly we are authorized, and ought to look
so far at the principles o f the two propositions
which are embodied in this amendment as to
see that we do not recognize the light of one
p&rty under our amendment and deny the
right of other parties under the Senate amend
ment. We ought to be so far consistent as to
see that our conclusions are germane. But in
the view I take of it, it is impossible to recog-
nize any consistency whatever in these two
propositions, if we sustain them both.
I desire to say one word in regard to the
amendment, of the gentleman from California,
[Mr. Saroknt.] It makes no change as re-
gards this question now before the Hous'\ If
we agree to it, it will have no legal effect at all.
The Secietaiy of the Treasury is authorized to
inquire into the facts, and to prescribe the
rules and regulations for ascertaining tiie facts.
It has no legal effect; it cannot change the
judgment of the court; it c.mnot change the
effect of the law at all. If lie means to pre-
vent the payment of this money, except upon
the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury,
he must go further.
Mr. SAROKNT. It merely leaves the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to prescribe the rules.
Mr. GAUFUiljD, of Ohio. Allow me to
say to the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] that we offer a substitute Cor the Sen
ate amendment; we propose to strike out
entirely the Senate section, and to insert the
substitute therefor which h:is been read.
Mr. BANKS. 1 was informed by the gen- ij
tleinan from Ohio [Mr. ISixuiiam] that this
substitute was for t.lie last, proviso of the
Senate amendment. But the ease is no bet-
ter upon the statement of the chairman of
he Committee on Appropiianous, [Mr Gar-
KIELD, ] Certainly if there- he a claim upon
the Treasury of the United States for
000,000, conceding what is claimed by gen-
tlemen on the other side of the House, that
this property belongs to lawful owners, then
we have no right to inquire into the status of
the claimants and decide whether they have
rights or not. Upon that question [ should
still say that we should not agree to the sub-
stitute proposed by the Committee on Appro-
priations, for it is far more objectionable than
the Sena'e amendment-
Mr. KERR. Allow me to suggest to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Baxks,]
what he appears to have forgotten, thatunder
existing law, and without any reference to the
Senate amendment, that inquiry has now to
be made. The Court of Claims, before it can
pass upon any of these questions, must inquire
into the loyalty of the claimants But the dif-
ficulty arises here: whenever in the progress
of that inquiry the court ascertains that al-
though the claimant was disloyal he after-
ward accepted amnesty or pardon at the
hands of the President upon the condition
upon which it was offered, they hold, and the
Supreme Court holds they were right in that
decision, that from t-hat time the jurisdiction
of the Court of Clams becomes perfect to en-
tertain, consider, and fully decide the case so
pending before them. Therefore I say it at last
turns upon the single question whether this
House, the Congress of the United States,
may so far annul the constitutional power of
the President of the United States as to deny
to him the right to grant pardon or amnesty
at all.
The theory of the Senate amendment is that
he may grant annesty or pardon, but that the
legal effect, the use and value thereof, may
be taken away from the individual citizens at
the pleasure ot' Congress. The plain meaning
of that is that the constitutional functions of
the Executive may be exercised by him, but
when that exercise fails to suit the fancy or
judgment of Congress, the latter may annul it
and set it aside as of no legal or constitutional
value. Such a proposition is most reckless and
alarming. It declares direct hostility against
the rightful prerogatives of the President.
It repudiates and defies the repeated decisions
of the Supreme Court of the United States. It
asserts the revolutionary doctrine, that Con-
gress may assume not only legislative, but- also
judicial functions. That court, in ex parte
Garland, (4 Wallace Reports page 334,) hold
that the power of pardon conferred by the
Constitution upon the President is unlimited
except in cases of impeachment. They hold it
extends to every offense known to ttie law.
Then the same court, in the case just decided
of the United States against Klien, render a
unanimous opinion that the Drake amend-
ment," which is the name in legal effect as the
[lending Senate amendment, is clearly uncon-
stitutional and void. Tile court say thai Con-
gress cannot change the effect of executive
pardon any more than the Executive can change
a law. This is till wrong. I hope tlie House will
adopt the substitute of Lhe committee.
Mr. PETERS. If I undeistand the piopo-
sition of the Committee on Appropriations, as
contained in the substitute reported by them,
it is that the Secretary of the 'Treasury shall
pay back to the lawful owners the proceeds in
the Treasury of all cotton seized after June,
1805. After June, 1805, the rebellion had
ceased, the proclamation of the President of
the United States was made that the war had
ceased. The cotton was not only not seized
according to law, not seized according to the
Treasury Department, but in defiance of it—
either by not understanding the authority
given incidentally or otherwise.
Now, the case is m a nutshell. Shall a man
because he was once in the rebellion, after
that rebellion had ceased, after June 18(35,
against law, against the direction of the
Treasury Department, be deprived of his prop-
erty which we have taken and sold, and the
proceeds thereof we have put into the Treasury
and had seven years' enjoyment thereof ?
Shall we to-day say that he shall not receive
even the principal, which we have taken out
of the property sequestered, or the net proceeds
of the sale? In my judgment the withholding
of this money from him is no more nor better
than purely in the natuie of a theft.
The same question was before the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary in the last Congress, and
I was then a member of that committee. There
is no impropriety, I suppose, in my stating now
what was then the action of that committee.
'The distinguished gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] who now opposes this amendment
was then chairman of that committee, and we
unanimously ordered him to report to this
House a bill in the language of the provision
offered here to day.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman is utterly
mistaken, and I challenge him to the proof.
Mr. PETERS. 1 accept the challenge and
appeal to the record for proof. The gentle-
man did report the bill, and it was lost only
because upon a point of order it was referred
to the Committee of the Whole. I ask the
Clerk to read from the Globe the action of
the House on that occasion.
The Clerk read as follows:
Cotton claims.
" Mr. Bingham. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary,to report back, with therecom-
mendation that it do pass, the joint resolution (H
R. No. 340) authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay certain cotton claims, the net proceeds
of which are at present covered into the Treasury
arising from the sales of cotton unlawfully seized
after the 30th June, 1865.
44 The joint resolution was read. The preamble re-
cites that the Secretary of the Treasury oi' the Uni-
ted States issued a circular letter of instructions
bearing date June 27, 1865, in which United States
Treasury agents were forbidden to seize any cotton
after the30th June, 1865. The jointresolutionthere-
fore directs the Secretary of the Treasury, without
delay, to pay to the lawful owners the net proceeds
of all cotton at present covered into the Treasury
arising from the sales of cotton seized after 30th June,
1865., such seizures being madein violation of the in-
junctions of the Treasury Department, and after the
surrender of the armies of the rebellion and procla-
mation of amnesty by the President of the United
States.
44 Mr. Bingham. I yield five minutes to the gen-
tleman Irorn Massachusetts, [Mr. Butlee,] and shall
afterward call the previous question on the joint
rcsolutio n.
44 Mr. (Jullom. Does not the joint resolution con-
tain an appropriation ?
44 Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker,
will a point oi order lie to that resolution?
"The Speaker. The Chair will state when the
point of order is raised whether it does or not.
44 Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts. Then I raise the
point of order that the resolution appropriates money
from the Treasury, and must have its first discussion
in Committee ot the Whole on the state of the
Union.
14 The Speaker. The Chair sustains the point of
order; and fhe joint resolution, under the rules,
goes to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
44 Mr. Scofield. I move that the House do now
adjourn. When we have got down to cotton claims
I think we had better adjourn."
Mr. PETERS. As I understand, indeed as
I know, that bill was in substance and almost
in its language the same as the amendment now
offered by the chairman of tbe Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
will allow me to say that the committee availed
themselves of the labors of the former Judi-
ciary Committee of the House, one of whose
members is now a member of the Committee
on Appropriations. We adopted almost tbe
exact phraseology of that, proposition, except
that we inserted the word "lawful" to make
it a little stronger.
Mr. PETERS. I wish to add only one word.
This property rightfully belonged to certain
parties and was taken from them after the
rebellion. Now, I cannot for my life see why
the proceeds of property erroneously or wrong-
fully taken from a man in the South, after
June, 1865, should not be restored to him in
the same way as we would make reimburse-
ment to a man in Maine, Massachusetts, or
elsewhere under similar circumstances.
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, as a mat-
ter of course, gentlemen who favor the Senate
amendment will not be willing to vote for the
proposition proposed as a substitute by the
Committee on Appropriations j but I cannot
conceive how any gentleman with a proper
sense of justice can be opposed in principle to
the adoption of the committee's proposition.
What are the facts? It has been contended
here, and the courts have held, that the seizure
of cotton after June 30, 1865, was lawless and
amounted to nothing short of robbery. The
courts have held that the owners of such prop-
erty are entitled to recover what was its value
at that. time. Why then, ifc may be asked,
does not this amendment propose that the
Government shall pay to the owners of the
property seized its full value? Because the
agents making the seizure after the 30th of
June, 1865, were not acting under the author-
ity of tbe Federal Government in making
such seizures ; and hence the Committee on
Appropriations holtl that the Government is
not under an obligation to pay to tbe owners
the full value ot the cottoaat the time of seiz-
ure, but only to return to them the money
which irregularly came into the Treasury ot
the United States through the results of that
robbery—that lawless1- seizure of the property,
