2256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
and Henry W. Spencer was read the second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
"Whole. It provides for the payment to Charles
Spencer and Henry W. Spencer of $8,196 50,
in full for the illegal seizure and destruction
of their boat and personal property on the
Mississippi river afc New Madrid, Missouri, in
the year 1864.
Mr. SUMNER. What are the facts of the
ease? Is there a report?
Mr. HOWE. There 13 a report. I-will say,
with reference to this particular bill, that
although I ask the Senate to proceed to its
consideration I do so because it was reported
by the committee. It has twice been reported
by the Committee on Claims. I am not at all
satisfied with it myself. I think the claim is
not well founded ; but a majority of the com-
mittee decided the other way a year ago, I
think, and on my motion it was recommitted.
It was taken up during the present session
during my absencc and was considered by the
committee again, and is reported by the Sen-
ator from Iowa, [Mr. Wright.] It was before
reported by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Pratt,] both very good judges and safe men,
as we all know. I do not propose to make any
resistance now. I only mention as a fact that
it is not a bill that I acquiesce in myself.
Mr. WRIGHT. It' there is any question
about this bill I would ask to have the report
read, as showing in the briefest possible man-
ner the facts of the case and the nature of the
claim. There is no question in my own mind
as to the correctness of the claim; and I think
the claim ought to be allowed for a larger
amount than this, if there is any point to be
made about it.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the report ought
to be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Wright on the 21st of Feb-
ruary, as follows:
The Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
the petition of Charles and Henry W. Spencer for
compensation on account of the illegal seizure of
their trading-boat 0. K., and the stock of goods on
board, having had the same under consideration,
report:
In April, 1864, "WilliamW.Spencer and Henry W.
Spencer, sons of Charles Spencer, were the owners
of a trading-boat called the 0. K., and had on board
of it, at New Madrid, a military post on the Missis-
sippi river, a stock of goods invoicing about eight
thousand dollars. The boat was one hundred feet
long, twenty leut wide, and estimated to be worth
from two thousand to thirty-five hundred dollars.
In that month William sold out all his interest in
the boat and stock of goods to his father, Charles
Spencer. Charles and Henry W. Spencer, the me-
morialists, henccforth owned both boat and stock
jointly nnd equally. Upon becoming a partner,
Charles Spencer added to the stock the goods he had
in Evansville, and purchased soin^ additional goods
in New York. The entire stock is estimated by
some witnesses at $17,000. Charles Spencer himself
puts it at $13,000.
It is claimed that a? sales were made the proceeds
were reinvested m goods, lumber, and iron, no part
of the capital and earnings being withdrawn beyond
the expenses of the business and the family, which
lived on the boat. The family consisted of the father,
mother, two sons, and two children, Mr. Gilman,
and Aaron "Weeks, a fur-buyer, who boarded with
the family.
The boat was very full of goods, and a quantity of
lumber and iron was piled upon the bank of the
river. The firm, which dealt in these articles, had
six thousand feet of pine plank, flooring and siding,
piled partly on the boat and partly on the bank, and
seven tons of iron, one half wrought, the rest cast.
There was at that time no order or regulation pro-
hibiting the sale of goods on the other side of the
river to Union men, as the Spencers claim, and if
the fact was otherwise they had no notice of it.
One William A. Cupps, who lived in Tennessee,
about forty-live miles belowNew Madrid, visited the
latter place on 10th June, 1864, to purchase somo
family supplies, lie was a good Union man, and two
of his brother? had enlisted in the Union service.
A Captain Prewitt, of the first Missouri cavalry,
was in command of this post. Cupps was arrested,
and searched, and taken by the guard to the head-
quarters, but nothing being found on him, ho was
released, lie then went to this trading-boat and
bought a quantity of dry goods and some shoes for
women and children, the whole bill amounting to
about forty-five dollars, and being strictly family
supplies. Airer night the ferry-boat, which wa3
operated by Mr. Junes, having stopped running,
Henry Spencer was about putting Cupps across the
river in his skiff with his bill of goods, when both
were arrested and taken to headquarters and put in
irons, the soldiers dividing the goods among them-
selves.
When Cupps was thus arrested the second time,
fifty dollars of his Tennessee money was taken from
him and divided among the soldiers; and when sent
to the guard-house his remaining money, $200, was
stolen from him while sick.
This alleged illicit trade was made the pretext,
the next morning, for seizing the boat and its stock
of goods, and for taking prisoner the elder Spencer,
then fifty-six years of age. He and his wife were
treated with great brutality. She was forced to give
up all the money in her possession, and her person
was rudely searched. The party who thus entered
the boat was a squad of soldiers, headed by Captain
Prewitt and Quartermaster Dorsoy. Though just
recovering from a fever, Charles Spencer was com-
pelled to walk on foot and through a pond of water,
knee-deep, which could easily have been avoided.
He was imprisoned in the guard-house until he was
sent to St. Louis. He was placed on the deck of the
boat where the horses were, without aseat or bed or
nourishment of any kind, although in a very weak
condition. At St. Louis ho was taken to the provost
marshal general's office and thence to prison, where
he was confined several weeks.
The party of officers and soldiers who entered the
boat were all armed; their manner was tumultuous,
and they were so numerous as to fill the boat.
After the eider Spencer had been arrested and
taken ashore the boat was dropped down the river
opposite to and under the guns of the fort. Before
it was taken from the landing the officers of the
party left, while the soldiers that remained took
freely of the goods in the store-room. No one re-
strained them. They demanded wines and cigars
of Mrs. Spencer. When the boat was tied up oppo-
site the fort the soldiers made a general rush for the
goods in the store-room part of the boat, opening
the windows and putting goods out there. They
were not restrained by the commissioned officers on
shore. Mrs. Spencer appealed to these officers to
put a stop to the pillage that was going on. One of
them replied, *' Oh, the boys will doit; we cannot
help it; I guess they have a better right to it than
you have."
In sight of Captain Prewitt and other officers the
elder Spencer was hung in effigy to the mast of the
boat. Prewitt sneeringly asked the afflicted wife if
she would not like to see her husband. On the
night of the 13th of June the boat was robbed of a
considerable quantity of goods on the river side,
through the windows, while a guard was on the
boat pretending to guard it. Captain Prewitt was
informed of the robbery next morning, but ap-
peared to disbelieve the story, and made no effort
to recover the goods.
Lieutenant Dorsey, post quartermaster and acting
assistant provost marshal, was also informed of the
robbery. He promised to have the stolen property
hunted up, but none of it was ever returned.
On the loth of June, Captain Prewitt, Lieutenant
Dorsey, Oscar Prewitt, and Robert Dorsey met on
board the boat for the purpose, as they said, of
invoicing the stock. After spending some time
looking through the goods, but making no invoice,
they estimated the stock to amount to $9,000. Lieu-
tenant Dorsey took away with him a pair of boots
worth eight dollars, and a fine felt " planter's hat"
worth seven dollars. About the 20th of June, Captain
Hugh Hazlett, detailed from the provost marshal
general's departtnent of the Missouri, arrived from
St. Louis and took charge of the goods on the boat
as well as the prisoners.
Under Hazlett's directions some workmen pro-
ceeded to take the goods out of the boat; some were
taken to the commissary store at New Madrid;
others were put on board the gun-boat No. 58, lying
at the stern of the trading-boat. Hazlett ordered
Mrs. Spencer and her children ashore; she refused
to go so long as her property remained on board the
boat. He then ordered her to bo searched, which
was done very rudely. The officers, Prewitt, Dor-
sey. and Hazlett, examined the books and papers of
the boat, questioning her. They were all influenced
with liquor—one ot them very drunk.
This man Hazlett, on the 27th of June, made a
report of his proceedings to Colonel J. P. Sander-
son, provost marshal general, &c., from which it
seems that he acted under Special Orders No. 159,
issued on the 18th of June, and that pursuant thereto
he proceeded to New Madrid to make an investiga-
tion into the seizure and arrest. He says:
" I find that Charles Spencer, H. W. Spencer, and
H. Cupps have been arrested by the postcommander.
Captain Prewitt, first Missouri cavalry, on thecharge
of smuggling. Spencer and his son were owners of
the trading-boat 0. IC., lying at New Madrid. He,
Prewitt, had removed the boat from its former posi-
tion and placed it under the guns of the fort, some
one and a quarter miles below its former position.
I proceeded to investigate the case, and became con-
vinced, from the evidence elicited, that the parties
were guilty as charged; thereupon I seized the boat
and goods contained on it; the goods I have in-
voiced and brought with me to St. Louis; they are
now in possession of Lieutenant Fish, acting quar-
termaster.
" The boat I was compelled to leave, as it was too
old to be brought up. The prisoners I brought—the
old man Spencer, his son, and Cupps; they are now
in the Gratiot street prison.
"AtNewMadrid Ihadgreatdifficultyin obtaining
any evidence, on account of the disloyalty of the
citizens and the inefficiency of the United States
authorities. I succeeded, however, in obtaining
statements from W. E. Jones, of Kentucky, and F.
Biggins, of New Madrid, which statements prove
the guilt of the parties apprehended beyond cavil.
It is proper to state, however, that the prisoners had
been arrested before my arrival. The goods seized
by the authorities, and afterward by myself, I value
at about six thousand dollars.
"On their trading-boat I found a gunsmith shop
complete.
"Please see statements of Jones and Biggins in-
closed.
Respectfully submitted:
HUGH HAZLETT,
Assistant Examiner "
When the boat was first seized a barrel of whisky
was taken from it to the commissary of the post, and
was issued to fatigue parties, in part, and in part
was used in the veteran recruit business. When the
boat was dropped down opposite the fort ihe soldiers
on board threw into the river a lot of stoneware,
jars, &c., and helped themselves freely to such arti-
cles of use and ornament as were portable, and their
wants or tastes prompted them to appropriate. Sub-
sequent to its being tied up two raids on the boat
were made by the soldiers.
As to the lumber and iron, none appears to have
been taken to St. Louis. The lumber, which is
proved to have been worth $495, was mostly used at
the post in building and repairing barracks. The
officers participated in the appropriation. As to the
iron, some of it was used at the post, a part was
stolen, and the rest caved with the bank into the
river. Both iron and lumber were wholly lost to
the owners.
The Spencers were imprisoned for many weeks in
St. Louis before they obtained a trial. They were
wholly separated from their goods, and could exer-
cise no control over them. Many were stolen and
abstracted while they were at New Madrid. The
discipline was very lax; no sufficient guard was kept
over the boat. At one time, while the boat was in
charge of the military authorities, two shelves were
robbed of their goods one night. When they were
sent to St. Louis and put into the Government ware-
house in that city they were in a very bad condi-
tion ; the boxes broken open, casks un headed, stoves
broken, and the tinware scattered. When, in Octo-
ber, 1864, the provost marshal gave an order for the
return of the goods to the Spencers, they invoiced
only $2,803 50.
The trading-boat, which was left behind, soon
ceased to exist as a boat; it was broken up and used
for erecting Government buildings at the post. No
guard was ever put over it or the lumber and iron ;
citizens and soldiers helped themselves at pleasure.
Prom the period of their arrest the control of the
Spencers over their property was suspended.
There is much in the evidence to justify the sus-
picion that the arrest of the Spenoers and the seiz-
ure of their goods were the result of a conspiracy to
plunder the boat and breakup their business, which
interfered with that of disloyal men of New Madrid.
The evidence strongly implicates Captain Prewitt
and Lieutenant Dorsey as being in complicity with
the disloyal Jones and Biggins, who made the affi-
davits upon which the Spencers were held for trial,
and with other rebel sympathizers at New Madrid.
When the case of the Spencers came to bo heard,
they were promptly acquitted by the military com-
mission. They were both formally discharged on
September 30,1864, after trial and acquittal. On the
5<h of October the remnant of their good=! was
restored by the following order:
[Special Orders No. 208.]
Headquarters St. Louis District.
St. Louis, Missouri, October 15,18t>4.
Charles W. Spencer and Henry W. Spencer having
been tried by a military commission and acquitted
of the charge of ''sellinggoods in violation of mili-
tary orders," the property now in the hands of the
military authorities at New Madrid, Mound City,
and St. Louis, and belonging to the said Spencer.',
will be restored to them.
By command of Major General Pleasonton:
C. W. MARSH.
Assistant Adjutant General.
The following letter from General Thomas Ewing,
jr., in command of that district at the time of the
arrest and seizure, is a general summing up of the
case:
Washington-, February 22, 1870.
Dear Sir : I was in command of the district of St.
Louis, in 1864, when Charles Spencer and H. W.
Spencer wcro arrested at New Madrid, and their
trading-boat and stock of goods were seized. The
arrest and seizure were made, not by my orders,
though New Madrid was in my district, but by older
of the provost marshal general on the staff of the
department commander, in charge of illicit com-
mercial intercourse with the Army. When the oc-
currence was brought to my attention, I called on
Captain Prewitt, on whose accusation the arrest and
seizure were made, and who commaded the post of
New Madrid,forafull report,which he made; and I
became satisfied from it, and from other information,
that the Spencers were loyal, and the charges false
and malicious. At my urgent request the Spencers
were then released, and wero subsequently tried
before a military commission and acquitted.
It was the opinion of the judge advocate of the
commission, and, in fact, of every officer who invest-
igated the charges, I think, (except Captain Prew-
itt, whose character as an officer was involved.)
that there was no good reason to suspect the fidelity
of either of the Spencers to the Government, or their
obedience to all orders of which they had knowledge
respecting trade.
These men suffered a long impriaonment; lost
