11872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3153
■\ of individuals. I do not agree with the dis-
'C tinguished gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
If Banks] that the Federal Government is under
an obligation to pay the full value of that prop-
ir-erty, because, as already stated, these seizures
Si; were not made by the authority of the General
G Government, although made in its name and
~ by those who claim to act by its authority. If
J.they had been so authorized, the Government
^ would be or should be made liable for the full
value of the property. But the Government
■ - is simply holding that money which has irreg-
- ularly gotten into the Treasury, and which
does not belong to it. As stated by another
■ gentleman, this money is held in trust by the
; Government for the owners of the property
. seized.
No question of loyalty or disloyalty arises.
It is simply money that we have no right on
any principle to withhold. Suppose there
should be a common robbery of some one
who was held to be a felon, and the proceeds
of that robbery of such felon should by some
means get into the Treasury of the United
Statesand that the Government had no shadow
of claim thereto, is it possible that any gen-
tleman would get up here in this House of
•Representatives and insist that we should hold
on to that money on account of the character
of the rightful owner? This money ought to
be returned. The courts hold the seizure to
have been wholly lawless. The Secretary of
the Treasury does not controvert this. Some
gentlemen speak of Ihe amount of these claims
reaching as high as $20,000,000. I have a
statement from the Treasury Department of
the whole of the net proceeds paid into the
Treasury of the cotton seized after the 30th of
June, 18G5, and they do not amount to more
than $5,000,000; not exceeding that. The
larger part of this amount, so far as the sub-
ject" matter has been investigated, was the
proceeds of cotton which belonged to the con-
federate government, and is not embraced by
the provisions of this bill as confederate prop-
erty, which upon the suppression of the rebel-
lion, became immediately the property of the
United States, whether it was seized before or
after the 30th of June, 1865.
Mr. DAWES. I should like to hear the
letter from the Secretary of the Treasury read.
Mr. MARSHALL. I will have the letter
read. The examinations are not complete in
regard to it. It is stated that the Department
could not make a definite statement in detail
'of the amount paid in or covered into the
Treasury. The whole amount that would be
recovered uuder the provisions of this amend-
ment would probably not exceed $1,000,000.
And whether the sum be large or small, it is
simply disgtaceful to withhold it.
The SPEAKER. The time of the gentle-
man from Illinois has expired.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, whether the amount herein involved
is ©1,000,000 or $10,000,000, if it has been
wrongfully taken from the parties, it belongs
to them, and should be restored. I opposed
the bill in the Judiciary Committee, but was
not there when it was finally adopted in the
last House. So my friend from Maine [Mr.
Peters] was slightly mistaken. It was a
mistake of recollection.
My opposition is the same now as then; and
that is, there are no sufficient safeguards
thrown around the Treasury of the United
States so that bad men will be prevented from
getting from the Treasury that which does not
belong to them.
The Secretary of the Treasury has no power
to summon witnesses and examine them, or
cause them to be examined. He has no power
to have a hearing of the facts and summon
parties before him. He must have his whole
hearing ex parte on ex par te affidavits. How
dangerous that is, where, large amounts of
money are concerned, evea*y one knows.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what I desired then, and
42d Conq. 2d Sssk.—No. 198.
what I desire now, is that these claimants be
sent to the Court of Claims, there to make good
their claims irrespective whether they were
loyal or not at the time of taking their prop-
erty, because that court can examine, that
court can determine and decide. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury, as every man knows
has to refer all these questions to some clerk
in his office, and that clerk hears the proof
and makes report, and on that the Secretary of
the Treasury must act, or not act at all. This
is not a sufficient guard to the Treasury. I
for one agree, if this case be sent to the Court
of Claims, to be there adjudicated, this amount
shall be paid back; but I do not think it is
a duty which ought to be imposed on the Sec-
retary of the Treasury; nor do I think it is
a duty which he can perform with safety to
the Government or in justice to the Treasury.
Now, Mr. Speaker, one word as to what is
known as the Morrill amendment, the appar-
ent necessity for which has arisen under this
state of facts: a law was passed by which
every man must prove his loyalty in the Court
of Qlaims. It was held in that court that a
man who had a pardon must be presumed to
be loyal. To meet that decision the Drake
amendment was passed, that a pardon should
not have any such effect. The Supreme
Court overruled the Drake amendment, and
said a pardon and amnesty did have the
effect of wiping out all of a man's crimes.
In this state of facts the Morrill amend-
ment came up in the Senate, which says,
in effect, that a man having a pardon it sim-
ply proves nothing, except that we canuot
presume that he has committed any crime,
that all he has done is forgotten, and not to be
taken against him. Therefore the effect of a
pardon should not be to prove loyalty, but
simply to leave the question open. Otherwise
I come into the Court of Claims unpardoned,
and I am obliged to prove my loyalty; but a
man that comes into the court with a pardon
is not obliged to prove his loyalty. That is
the state of the law as it stands now. And
to meet that case the Morrill amendment
has been added to this bill. Now, if a mau
from the North or the South, always loyal,
goes to the Court of Claims, he is obliged to
prove his loyalty ; but if a man goes there
and produces his paidon for disloyal acts the
courts hold that that proves him to have been
loyal without any further evidence. Without
stopping to criticise the decision of the court
which has brought the law into this condition,
I wish to bring to the attention of the House
that the Morrill amendment, so called, which
it is here proposed should be non-concurred
in, provides that when a man comes with his
claim he shall prove his loyalty, notwithstand-
ing that he has his pardon in his pocket, on
the ground that pardon is not a proof of loy-
alty, but is only a proof that nothing is known
of his disloyalty, which may be proved by
other evidence.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I desire to make
a single remark upon this question. Having
bad occasion to be familiar with cases of this
sort, which have been constantly examined
by the Committee of Claims, I agree entirely
with the Committee on Appropriations that
the amendment to the bill adopted by the
Senate ought not to be agreed to. I think
it will be agreed on every hand that the Gov-
ernment ought to pay these claims where
ever they can be made out clearly and fully.
The question is simply before what tribunal
and in what manner shall these claims be
determined. Now, I desire especially here
to put in my protest before the House against
the multiplication of tribunals to hear these
various matters. For a long time the Court
of Claims has been hearing cotton cases.
During the same time Congress has been
hearing those cases; and. now it is proposed
by the Committee on Appropriations to add
another tribunal, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. I should have no objection, with proper
safeguards and with proper details in the law,
to send, under some circumstances, these
claims to the Secretary of the Treasury; but
we have the Court of Claims, and why should
we not send them there? I very much pre-
fer that the Court of Claims should do so.
It can examine them better than the Secre-
tary of the Treasury can. The point which
has been made by the gentlepian from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Butler,] that the Secretary
of the Treasury has no adequate means of
examining these claims, is a sound one.
But it is said that all the seizures after the
30th June were illegal seizures. Gentlemen
who say so are entirely mistaken. It is not
true at all that all the seizures made after the
30th June have been made upon the supposi-
tion that the seizures were of confederate
property. The Government has been seiz-
ing, properly seizing and holding confeder-
ate cotton since the SOth June. But it has
occurred that a number of officers, being law-
less persons, some of them, I am sorry to
say, have seized the cotton of individuals,
which was not confederate. This, of course,
ought to be paid for. And I agree with the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
that it ought to be paid for irrespective of the
question whether the men were loyal or not.
For the question of loyalty does not arise in
these seizures after the 30th of June, but sim-
ply the question whether the cotton was the
property of the confederate government or
not. If it was, then it became the property
of the United States, and we had a perfect
right to seize it and sell it and put the money
into the Treasury of the United States. That
question must be considered. It is one of
evidence. The title to the cotton, also,
must be investigated by somebody, and the
rights of conflicting claimants must be settled
by somebody or other, and I submit that they
cannot be settled anywhere so well as in the
Court of Claims, where both the claimant and
the United States can be heard by counsel.
Therefore I am inclined to think, as a mere
matter of prudence and expediency, that it is
better not to send these claimants to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, but that we should
mature a bill and send them to the Court of
Claims, where they should properly go. I
repeat again that I am opposed to the whole
system of the multiplication of tribunals in all
quarters uuder this Government, which we have
had to such an extent that you can scarcely
count them.
I wish there was a single independent de-
partment of accounts, or something of that sort,
so that all these things might go to one place
and to only one place, and there be considered
under such laws as Congress should enact.
And I am inclined, some time or other, to
attempt such a reform in that way, if I shall
be able to get time to attend to it fully. I am
opposed now to creating an additional tribu-
nal, and prefer to send these matters to the
Court of Claims as we did before.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. [ wish to say a
word in regard to the tribunal to determine
these eases. The gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Blair,] my colleague on the Committee
of Claims, recommends the Court of Claims as
the tribunal which shall adjudicate the ques-
tions involved in these cases. Now, I will state
from my own personal knowledge, and every
member here from a southern State will bear
witness to the correctness of my statement,
that if you refer these cases to the Court of
Claims you may as well pass a law saying that
no man shall recover one cent. Take the case
of a man who owned three or four bales of
cotton which was seized by the agents of the
Government. Those agents first took twenty-
five per cent, for their services. I ask gentle-
men on either side of the House from the
southern States to say if that is not correct.
