1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Here is a company that is able to go into
Canada and not only compete with the Cana-
dians, with free saltand salt-works in Canada,
but does do it until it forces the salt-makers iu
Canada to come to terms and not attempt to
import their salt into the United States, pay-
ing a duty of eighteen to twenty-four cents, to
come in competition with them. That is the
state of the case. Here is a bargain. These
capitalists are able to control the market. Do
we not know the fact to be that not only have
they this bargain with the Canada works, but
that they have a bargain among themselves,
that they have divided the country into terri-
tories, that Onondaga has a portion, and Sagi-
naw another, and the Ohio company another,
and they agree that they shall take these several
districts and fleece the people ofthose districts
ad libitum under this tariff? That is the con-
dition of affairs.
The people of the country are put at the
mercy of these corporate institutions to be
fleeced, and they make a bargain among them-
selves, dividing the country out into territories,
and make a bargain with the Canadians that
they shall not come in and sell in competition
with them, although the Canadians cannot
come in without paying eighteen to twenty-four
cents a bushel.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired. Does the Senator
withdraw his amendment?
Mr. BLAIR. Yes, sir, I withdraw it for
the moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New York.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, one would
suppose from the lamentations that follow
over this proposed reduction of the salt duty
that the producers of salt in the United
States were left without their fair share, their
ratio of protection gauged upon the rate of
duties imposed upon other American man-
ufactures or products. What is the fact on
that subject? The tariff duties are now upon
salt in bulk eighteen cents per one hundred
pounds, and upon salt in bags twenty-four
cents per one hundred pounds. It is pro-
posed by the House after due deliberation
and long consideration to reduce the duty on
salt in bulk to eight cents per one hundred
pounds, and in sacks, barrels, bags, or other
packages, to twelve cents per one hundred
pounds, and what is the duty now at those
rates ? An ad valorem, duty of ninety per cent,
protection upon salt in bulk, and some seventy
per cent, upon salt in packages; and added
to that let the country know that the mere
cost of transportation from foreign countries
itself involves an additional protection running
from one hundred to two hundred and odd per
cent, on the cost in Europe or at Turk's Island.
Therefore, when this proposition is made to
add thirty per cent, ad valorem, let them re-
member that already they have ninety per
cent, in one case, and seventy in the other.
It seems to me that this salt interest must be
one of the daughters of that horse-leech men-
tioned in the Bible, who was continually cry-
ing, "give, give, give."
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, the
Senator from Missouri 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the Senator from Michigan to
have spoken five minutes on this amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. I did not speak five
minutes, and, another thing, I spoke on another
proposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
Senator will proceed.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Mis-
souri has a great deal to say about " monopo-
lies." Mr. President, there is no monopoly
in this salt business. In the Saginaw valley
any man who owns a lot of land can bore his
well and go into the production of salt: and,
as my colleague has just remarked, there are
42d Cong, 2d Sess.—No. 254.
a large number of salt-blocks now closed in
the Saginaw valley because it does not pay to
run them even at the present rate of duty.
The reduction proposed by the House will
close the salt-works of this nation; they can-
not run and they will not run. The Senator
alludes to large profits having been made dur-
ing the war by the Onondaga Salt Company.
It is very possible they did make large profits.
Prior to the war we had very little if any pro-
tection upon salt, and our salt-works in conse-
quence were insufficient to supply the demand.
During the war you will remember, and every
person within the sound of my voice will re-
member, that the great suffering of the South
was for salt. Salt rose to the enormous price
of a dollar a pound in the southern States dur-
ing the rebellion. We had our supply cut off.
The Alabama and other ships cut off our sup-
ply by the ocean and our works were totally
insufficient to supply the inland demand. Con-
sequently salt rose to an enormous price and
large profits were made. But that state of
things has now ceased to exist. To-day any
man who sees fit can go into the production
of salt. There is no royalty upon it; it is
pumped by steam, and whoever in the whole
of this great valley sees fit to enter into com-
petition joins this great monopoly. Why, Mr.
President, the Senator from Missouri can go
there, buy one hundred acres of land or one
acre and join this monopoly himself if he thinks
there is such an enormous profit in the busi-
ness. Sir, there is no branch of business that
is reduced to so low a rate of profit, in my judg-
ment, as the production of salt at this present
day.
My friend from New York has told you
that in Onondaga they have not divided two
per cent, for the past two years. I do not
believe they have in the Saginaw valley. I
know that in the Saginaw valley there are a
very large number of salt-blocks, that ran at
a profit duringthe war, which have been closed
since the war.
Now, if you destroy the home production of
salt, in my judgment, instead of lowering the
price of salt you will raise it immediately.
Those engaged in the production of salt here
will of course close their works the very mo-
ment you reduce the duty to the rate here pro-
posed, eight cents per bushel. Then, instead
of reducing the price of salt, the result will
be directly opposite, and you will raise it.
Asa war measure you should, in my humble
judgment, not only continue your present rate
of duty, but you should offer every induce-
ment to the increase of the number of your
salt-works. Salt is an absolute necessity.
Cut off as we were from contact with the world
daring the rebellion, what were we to do? Our
people put up blocks iu every direction where
salt water could be found, to produce this arti-
cle in large quantities. But now you propose
to destroy all of your salt industries in the
United States. Mr. President, I hope that
this will not be done. I hope that the amend-
ment of the Senator from New York will be
adopted, and he will pardon me for asking
him whether he did increase the proposition
to thirty per cent, or whether he left it at
twenty?
Mr. FENTON. I am very sure that thirty
per cent, ad valorem would not be an undue
measure of protection, but I shall adhere to
my amendment as originally offered at twenty
per cent. I feel that the Senate will accept
that cheerfully, while the other might go a
little hard.
Mr. CHANDLER. I shall vote for the
amendment of the Senator from New York, and
hope it will prevail.
Mr. THURMAN. Ohio produces more salt
than any other State in the Union, I think,
except New York. If the duty proposed by
this bill will shut up alt the salt-works, as the
Senator from Michigan seems to think, it is
very strange that the intelligent men who are
engaged in that business in Ohio have not
been awakened to that fact. I have not re-
ceived one line from one of them remonstrat-
ing against this bill or complaining of the
reduction of the duty on salt.
Mr. FENTON. If the Senator will allow
me, I will read agaiu, without trenching on his
time, a small paragraph from a letter addressed
to the Committee on Finance, who had this
subject under consideration, by Hon. Mr.
Horton, president of the Ohio Valley and
Kanawha Salt Company, well and favorably
k«own throughout the country. He says:
"The working capital used in conducting the
business, that is, the manufacture and shipment of
the salt to market, may be fairly stated at $750,000.
Our business has grown up under a governmental
policy, originated for purposes of revenue to the
Government, and in no way so far as I know having
a special and single purpose of protection to manu-
facturers. So far as I can judge, this policy has
secured to the national Treasury a fair return in
revenue collected with certainty and economy, and
to the country a supply of salt, with more certainty
and at a cheaper rate than any other policy, under
the circumstances, could have accomplished, from
1862 to 1871."
That is the language of his communication.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. Horton is a very
worthy gentleman and a very intelligent gen-
tleman. What I said was that I had received
not one line of remonstrance. It may be that
it was not considered important enough, my
opinions were too well settled for them to
write to me about it; but I hardly think that
was the case. As to this cry of destroying the
industry, we hear that in reference to every-
thing. There is not one single industry that
is to be affected by the reduction of the tariff
that somebody does not come and say " Now,
if you reduce the duty you will destroy this
industry, and we shall have to shut up." It
is so upon everything.
If I recollect aright, by the tariff of 1846
salt was free; or if not, it was at the lowest
duty, a very low duty. When did the Ohio
Salt Company works grow up? They grew
up between 1846 and 1862. They grew up to
their largest capacity between those years.
They were immense before the tax was levied
in 1862. Then, under the tariff of 1862, the
rate was four cents a bushel in bulk and six
cents in sacks, and that is a duty less than is
proposed by this bill, and yet they flourished.
It will not do in view of these facts, it will not
do in view of the immense growth of these
salt-works in Ohio long prior to the war, to
say that they will be shut out if this bill shall
pass.
Mr. BTjAIR. In order to make one remark,
I will move to amend the amendment of the
Senator from New York by striking out
'• twenty" and inserting "one."
In reply to the Senator from Michigan, who
says that this is not a monopoly, because
anybody can go into his country and establish
salt-works, I will say that I appeal to the
declaration made by by the Senator who now
occupies the chair, [Mr. Pomerot,] who told
us that they attempted in the State of Kansas
to establish salt-works, and as soon, as the
attempt was made these companies (who will
permit you to go to Saginaw and sink a well
anywhere and go into this business) sent salt
to Kansas and sold it cheaper than it could
be made in Kansas, in order to break down
this young enterprise just starting. Now, if
I had any capital, which I have not, and if I
had a calling in that way, which I have not
either, I should very much dislike to go to
the Saginaw into that fine valley and sink a
salt-well, and undertake to produce salt in
competition with these monopolies, who have
invariably reduced the price of salt at any
place less than a beginner could produce it
for, in order to break down competition and to
maintain their monopoly. That has invari-
ably been their course.
Mr. FENTON. One word, if the Senator
will allow me. The Senator from Missouri if
he wished to engage in the business would uoi
