1362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
not know that lie was here. I merely wish to
say now that in my speech I was speaking of
the public characters of men, and not of their
private characters—not one word.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. I will come to that
in a moment. Then I understand ray friend
from Kentucky as saying that he was speak-
ing of the public character of Governor Davis,
of Texas, when he said he was a "fiend in
human form." Am I right?
Mr. BECK. I was speaking of his public
acts. I do not know him personally; I never
met him privately, and I do not know any-
thing about his private character. It was on
public acts alone that I was commenting.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. I know that my
friend from Kentucky will never knowingly do
an unfair or dishonorable thing to anybody at
any time.
Now, to the points which I intend to make
in this controversy. That gentleman gets the
record of the Governor of my State from the
villains who would vilify any man's character
or any woman's character anywhere. There
is where he gets his record. 1 know the deep-
dyed, damnable villainy of the hounds after
Governor Davis better than any man on this
floor. Governor Davis was born on southern
soil. He was born in Florida; he grew up
amongher pines, going to Texas when a young
man. When the war broke out where was lie.
I ask the gentleman from Kentucky? I ask
his attention to this little point right here and
now. Where was he when Governor Davis
left the State with a rope around his neck, put
there by the friends of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky ? After his escape he organized a regi-
ment, then a brigade, and fought his way back
to where he is now, at the head of Union troops,
through the rebel lines. Where was the gen-
tleman from Kentucky then ? If history reads
rightly he was doubting whether he would go
for right and freedom and CJnion, or for wrong
and disunion. I make no reflections on my
friend in that regard. He had the right to his
opinion. Ho may have been surrounded by
family ties which bound him down as my own.
brother was, whom I fought and captured twice
■ during the war. Governor Davis, on the con-
trary, whom the gentleman from Kentucky has
designated as a "Mend in human form," has
done more for Texas than any man vvlio has
ever lived m that State, except old Sam
Houston himself. Governor Davis was always
a friend of old Sam Houston, and it was
through his influence and at his request I
appointed the son of Sam Houston as a cadet
at West Point.
Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 think I am through, so
far as the charges against Governor Davis are
concerned. The gentleman from Kentucky
(and he is an honorable man) took the proofs
•which came to him, and when he becomes
satisfied the charges against Governor Davis
are wrong will, I know, apologize to this
House, and be the first man to retract what he
has said.
Now, in order to show the gentleman from
Kentucky that he was mistaken, that his in-
formation has been incorrect, that he has been
cajoled and prejudiced in making these state-
ments, I will call his attention for a moment
to the tax-payers' convention referred to in
the minority report, and to the character of
the twenty-one tax payers making the indict-
ment to which he has referred against the
Governor of my State. I know my friend is
anxious to hear about that.
I propose to show to him that of the twenty-
one tax-payers all but five were men whose lips
are blistered with treason, and whose hands
are red with the blood of Union men; men
who belonged to the secession convention, and
intent in carrying out their projects to plunge
the State of Texas again into civil war. That
is part of the proof which the gentleman from
Kentucky has not had, or he would not have
been inclined to make the remarks he has
made about Governor Davis. Five of the
twenty-one were Union men; there is no doubt
about the fact that they were Union men dur-
ing the war, and they are now welcome to their
present association.
The gentleman from Kentucky has been in-
duced to make his remarks for another reason.
Mr. BECK. I did not hear the gentleman's
19iS t r6 ID p.ylc
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. The gentleman
from Kentucky, I say, has been induced to
make his remarks for another reason. The
State debt according to the report furnished
him has been increased to $14,000,000. Very
well. I shall not go over the whole minority
report of the Ku Klux committee. I shall
send to the Clerk's desk, however, to be read
a statement of the treasurer of the State of
Texas in regard to the debt of that State.
The Clerk read as follows :
Tbeasuker's Office,
Austin, October 1,1871.
Hon. W. A. Saylok :
In compliance with your request, I have the
honor to submit tho following statement:
Oustanding warrants $451,169 01
Frontier bonds sold  377,000 00
3?ive per cent. State bonds  216,641 08
Six per oent. State bonds  320,367 13
Comptroller's certificates of indebtedness 89,70s) SI
Total $1,454,887 13
It is proper to remark that the five and six per
cent, bonds arc a portion of tho ante helium debt.
' GEORGE W. HONEY,
Treasurer State of Texas.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. Mr. Speaker,
that is the statement from the books of the
treasury department of Texas showing the
debt on that day. The five and six per cent,
bonds include the ante helium debt of about
five hundred thousand dollars. The warrants,
amounting to about three hundred thousand
dollars, have already been paid. If we deduct
these amounts from the statement, we have
about six hundred thousand dollars left as the
present debt of the State of Texas.
Now, then, gentlemen will say that the
Legislature of Texas has voted a subsidy to the
amount of $12,000,000. For that we have
twelve hundred miles of railroad. And if
they will search the journals of the Legisla-
ture they will find that every Democrat but
three voted every time for that very debt.
And yet they come up here and incorporate in
the Ku Klux minority report a statement repre-
senting this as a debt created by the Republi-
can party in my State. The Governor has
vetoed every bill of that character, and that is
why the gentlemen hate him so. That did not
suit the Austin ring. I challenge either of my
colleagues on this floor to point to anything
done by the Governor of our State which does
not show integrity of character and honesty
of purpose. That he has made some mistakes
I admit. He has appointed some Democrats
to office, which he ought not to have done,
and this, I think, is about the only mistake he
ever committed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ARTHUR rose.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. I want only two
or three minutes longer.
Mr. ARTHUR. i yield three minutes to
the gentleman.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. I hope I will
have time enough to conclude the remarks
which I desire to address to the House.
I know, Mr. Speaker, how my friend from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] is to come baek upon
me in his reply. He will tell the House where
he got his information. He will read the
names of those twenty-one tax-payers. He
will quote my honorable colleague from the
fourth district, [Mr. Hancock.] and my col-
league from the first district, [Mr. Herndon,]
and every Democratic paper there about the ter-
rible outrages committed by the Radical party
in Texas. But he will not say one word about
what the Democratic party has done there. He
will not tell you and this House that, in the
twenty-five years during which the Democracy
held that State, with, their control of all the
millions of acres of land and the millions of
money in bonds and in gold, they did not build
a school-house, and built only about four hun-
dred miles of railway. He will not tell you
that since the Republican party came into
power we have over twelve hundred schools,
and ninety thousand children in them, or that
we have built more miles of railway since we
held that State in 1869 than were ever built
in the State before. Oh, no! He will tell
you about the operation of the police bill; and
I answer him by saying in advance that the
money which has been saved by the operation
of that police bill, by breaking up the gang
which rushed down from Missouri and Kansas,
and whom we have driven out across our bor-
ders, is more than sufficient to pay all its
expenses.
Mr. CONNER. The Bickerstaff gang were
all killed before the police were organized.
Bickerstaff was killed in my district by a con-
federate soldier.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. Now, I do not
know, Mr. Speaker, but that my friend from
New York [Mr. Cox] was nearly right when
he objected to my making a personal explana-
tion yesterday. He thought it would lead to
a warm discussion. I believe we are to have
a warm discussion before this thing is over.
In conclusion I desire to say to this House,
standing alone as I do upon this floor repre-
senting the Republican party in my State,
that I intend on every occasion to vindicate
the policy of that party, and to stand up for
the tenets which they have put forward as a
part of that policy.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ARTHUR resumed the floor.
Mr. HANCOCK. 1 ask the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Arthur] to yield to me for a
few words of explanation in reply to my col-
league, [Mr. Clark.]
Mr. ARTHUR. I yield to the gentleman
five minutes.
Mr. HANCOCK. I desire only, through
the courtesy of the gentleman from Kentucky,
for which 1 thank him, to reply in the first
place to the insinuations of the gentleman who
has just taken his seat as to my connection as
u, member of the law firm of Hancock & West,
and as such concerned in getting up the indict-
ments against Governor Davis. The effect of
his remarks was to cast upon that firm the
imputation that they had been employed for
the purpose of getting up certain indictments
which, I am informed, have been preferred by
the grand jury of the Federal court of the
western district of the State of Texas against
E. J. Davis and others.
I have to state to the House that I know
nothingabout these indictments otherwise than
as I have learned from the newspapers, and as
they may have been referred to by one or two
correspondents. If the law firm with which I
am connected has any conection with them
whatever it is not known to me. If my part-
ner has been employed in any way, either for
the prosecution or for the defense, he has cer-
tainly a right, save and except under certain
regulations of the State of Texas inaugurated
and attempted to be enforced by the present
Executive, and to receive a fee for the per-
formance of his duties as attorney.
As to my colleague's other allusion to some
relation existing between the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] and myself, in reference to
the objection madeyesterdaytohisintroducing
some resolution and offering some remarks to
the House, it has just this much in it, and no
more: contrary to my usual custom, as I think
I am warranted in saying, I was, may be, five
minutes behind time in coming to the House
yesterday morning, and when 1 came in I was
informed that my colleague had been trying
to get the floor for the purpose of introducing
a resolution reflecting on the integrity of mem-
bers of the grand jury of the Federal court, my
constituents, and the gentleman from New
