4050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
be under the necessity of sinking a well at
Saginaw or in the Ohio river valley, but he
can buy out to-day, I am informed and be-
lieve, any of the existing interests at not one
dollar or one cent premium.
Mr. BLAIR. I have my doubts about that.
Of course the Senator makes that statement
with sincerity undoubtedly; but I have very
great doubts about any statements emanating
from the manufacturers of salt. I have good
reasons to doubt them and to dispute them.
Mr. THURMAN. The statement is lhat
you car. buy their stock. How much has "it
been watered?
Mr. BLAIR. They have got but one dollar
of. money for ten dollars of stock represented
in the Onondaga company. We know that,
and we know that they have been paying to
the owners of the salt-wells twelve per cent,
for over ten years as rent.
I repeat that I might appeal to the Senator
who now occupies the chair, who gave us his
experience of a matter which occurred in his
own State, to show that these monopolies do
not intend to permit any competition. They
make their bargains with the Canadians, they
make their bargains among themselves, and
when any new enterprise attempts to get upon
its feet in any part of the country they go
there and reduce the price of salt in order to
destroy the enterprise, so that they may have
the field to themselves, and then come here
and appeal to Congress to give them protec-
tion to the tune of two hundred per cent.
The protection under the duty levied in
this bill of eight cents and twelve cents per
one hundred pounds amounts to ninety per
cent, upon one class and seventy per cent,
upon the other. In addition to that they have
the protection which comes from the trans-
portation of salt from abroad, which we know
is very costly, and which amounts, 1 suppose,
to an equal amount, from ninety to seventy per
cent. ; so that they have now, under existing
circumstances, a protection not less than one
hundred and fifty per cent.
I withdraw the amendment I moved.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will offer
an amendment in the shape of a substitute for
the amendment of the Senator from New York
to raise the duty upon salt in bulk from eight
to nine cents, which was the precise rute fixed
upon by the Senate in the previous bill, and
which I think the Senator from New York will
be satisfied with ; and in relation to the other
imported in bags, I really think that on the
article of Ashton salt, a very superior article
and brought here in very superior bags, there
ought to be an additional duty on the bags. I
therefore move on that to add :
And on bags and sacks when containing not more
than two hundred and twenty-four pounds of salt an
additional duty of eight cents each, and in that pro-
portion when containing any greater amount.
I will say that the Senator from New York
cannot hope to carry his present amend
ment;.Iam very doubtful whether we can
carry this; but in the shape he offers it it
seems tome very objectionable. It revives the
old system of ad valorem duties, and I do not
suppose that he can get the Senate or any con-
siderable minority of it to vote for his propo-
sition. If they will vote for any proposition it
will be one as modest as mine.
Mr. SHERMAN. In view of the debate on
this question I submit a proposition for the
unanimous consent of the Senate, that during
the consideration of this bill a motion to lay
on the table a pending amendment shall not
carry the bill. I am willing to waive it as to
salt, which has now been fully debated; but I
hope the Senate will consent to it as to all future
amendments.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Suppose we do it all
around. This has been debated fully. I wanted
to say something on it, but I will forego it,
and I am willing to agree by unanimous con-
sent that amendments may be laid on the
table without carrying the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. I make no objection to
it after this amendment is disposed of so as
not to apply to this.
Mr. SHERMAN. The debate is exhausted
on this.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The Senator from Ohio
asks that by unanimous consent, after the
amendment on the subject of salt is disposed
of, a motion to lay an amendment on the table
shall not carry the bill with it.
Mr. CHANDLER. lobjeet. Ihaveanother
amendment in connection with this.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator when he
offers his amendment will have an opportunity
to explain it; but if the manifest sense of the
Senate is against an amendment after an ex-
planation of it, the Senate ought to have an
opportunity to reject it without having the
debate prolonged to au indefinite extent.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is a shipping bill
inserted in this tariff bill that I not only wish to
discuss but to which I desire to move several
amendments.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator can offer
amendments and discuss them.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let us dispose of two
or three more questions and I shall not object.
Mr. SHERMAN. The trouble is we are
here tied hands and feet. If we cannot pro-
gress with this bill, we shall not get through
with it until Saturday night, and the result
will be that we shall either have to be called
in session again or we shall have to prolong
this session. I think Senators ought to agree
to this proposition, especially in view of the
experience of last night. We debated from
eight o'clock last night until two o'clock
to-day a proposition that was finally defeated.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object to the propo-
sition until we get through with a few other
amendments.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask
the Senator from Michigan whether if we
except lumber, he will not be satisfied ?
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir. There is a
shipping bill here on page 33.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Suppose we
except the shipping part also?
_ The PRESIDING .OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment,
proposed by the Senator from Vermont.
Several Senators. What is it?
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
line fourteen of section nine by striking out
" eight " and inserting " nineso as to read :
On sal t in bulk, nine cents per one hundred pounds.
And to amend the next clause by inserting
at the end of it:
And on bags or sacks, when containing not more
than two hundred and twenty-four pounds of salt,
an additional duty of eight, ecnts each, and in that
proportion when containing any greater amount.
Mr. CHANDLER. Would an amendment
to that amendment be in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No further
amendment is in order. This is an amend-
ment to an amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that will be
voted down, then.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to the amendment of the Senator
from New York.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from New York, [Mr. Fenton.]
Mr. CHANDLER and Mr. CONKLING
called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays34; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Buckingham,
Caldwell, Cameron, Chandler, Conkling, Corbett,
Cragin, Edmunds, Feriton, Ferry of Michigan, Fre-
linghuysen, Gilbert, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
ton, Nye, Pomeroy, Sawyer, Scott, Stewart, and Wil-
son—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames. Bayard, Blair, Cas-
serly, Clayton, Cooper, Ferry of Connecticut, Flana-
gan, Uoldthwaite, Hamilton ot Maryland, Hamilton
of Texas, Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly,
Logan, Morrill of Vermont, Norwood, Pool, Pratt.
Ransom, Robertson, Sanlsbury, Schurz, Stevenson,
Stockton, Thurman, Trumbull, Vickers, West, VViu-
dom, and Wright—34.
ABSENT — Messrs. Brownlow, Carpenter, Cole,
Davis ot Kentucky, Davis ot West Virginia, Ham-
lin, Howe, Kellogg, Osborn, Patterson, Ramsey,
Rice, Sherman, Spencer, Sprague, Sumner, and
Tipton—17.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish now to offer an
amendment which 1 cannot doubt will receive
the support of the honorable Senator from
Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] and which [ hope
will be acceptable to those who favor adequate
protection upon salt, 'lhe Senator from Dela-
ware stated, if I understood him aright, that
the present specific duty is equal to nine'y per
cent, ad valorem on salt in bulk and seventy
per cent, on salt in sacks. Did the Senator
say so?
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, Mr. President, I
move to strike out all this specific tax and
amend this part of the bill, so that it shall
read:
On salt in bulk, and in sacks, barrels, or other
packages, fiffy-per cent, ad valorem.
That will be giving up forty per cent., accord-
ing to the Senator's estimate, of the duty upon
salt in bulk, and thirty percent, of the duty upon
salt in sacks and other packages. My propo-
sition is to strike out the specific rates in the
bill and accept fifty percent, ad valorem upon
all kinds of salt, and 1 hope the Senator from
Delaware will at least sustain us in that amend-
ment.
Mr. BAYARD. I prefer a specific duty.
Mr. CONKLING. That is, then, either
upon the ground that the Senator does not
feel sure that he is right in his previous cal-
culation, or that he is not willing to consent
that those who represent the salt interest shall
have a less duty than the one already pro-
posed, but have it in a form which they think
will be more beneficial to them. I make
the motiouj and 1 ask for the yeas and nays
thereon.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Boreman, Buckingham, Caldwell,
Cameron, Chandler, Conklmg, Corbett, Cragm, Fen-
ton, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill
of Maine, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Scott, Stewart,
and Wilson—20.
NAYS — Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Bayard,
Blair, Casserly, Clayton, Cole, Cooper, Ferry ol Con-
necticut, Flanagan, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock,
Johnston, Kelly, Logan, Morrill of Veimont, Mor-
ton, Norwood, Pool, Pratt, Ransom, Robertson,
Saulsbury, Schurz, Sherman, Stockton, Tipton,
Trumbull, Vickers, Windom, and Wright—36.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow. Carpenter, Davis
of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds,
Ferry of Michigan, Hamlin, Howe, Patterson, Ram-
sey, Rice, Sawyer, Spencer, Sprague, Stevenson,
Sumner, Thurman, and West—IS.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move now, on page 2,
line fourteen, to strikeout " eight" and insert
"twelve," and in line fifteen to strike out
"twelve" and insert "eighteen;" so as to
read:
On salt in bulk, twelve cents per one hundred
pounds.
On salt in bags, sacks, barrels, or other pack-
ages, eighteen cents per one hundred pounds.
That will be reducing the duty on salt in
bulk just fifty per cent. I hold in my hand a
table showing the statistics of the salt manu-
facturing interest in the Saginaw valley, and I
find nine or ten blocks or wells that are not
being run at all. It must be perfectly evident
to every person here present that this enorm-
ous reduction is ruinous; and I really do not
think that the Senate desire to ruin the salt-
producing interest of this nation. I assure
Senators that this proposition reducing the
