466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
is informed that there is no report accompany-
ing the bill.
Mr. PECK. I have a report here, arid I
ask that it be read.
The report was read. It sets forth that
Oliver P. Jones was enrolled in company F,
one hundred and fifth Indiana volunteers, on
the 10th of July, 1863, to serve for nine days
as a militiaman, and was killed on the 14th
of July, 1863, in the Morgan raid. The com-
mittee state that the case is well made out, but
was rejected at the Pension Office, because the
company were not regularly mustered into the
service of the United States.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the tbiid time, and passed.
Mr. PECK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
- table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORT.
Mr. PECK, from the same committee, re-
ported adversely upon the petition of Mrs.
.Elizabeth Oechslin, of Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania, widow of Meinrad Oechslin, private
in company K, twenty-seventh Pennsylvania
volunteers, who was drowned on June 15
or 16, 1801, and the same was laid upon the
table.
WILLIAM It. 1SRIDUJSS
Mr. SPEER. of Pennsylvania, from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, reported b ick a
bill (H. R. No. 712) granting a pension to
William H. Bridges, with a recommendation
that the same do pass.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place upon the pension-
roll, subject to the limitations and provisions
of the pension laws, the name of William H.
Bridges, late a private in comp.my A, four-
teenth regiment of Indiana volunteers, and
pay him a pension from the passage of this
act.
The bill was ordered to he engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed: and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARY WADK.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania, from the same
committee, also reported abill (H. R. No. 1066)
granting a pension to Mary Wade; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre
tary of the Interior to place upon the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Mary Wade,
of Gettysburg, Peniisyhauia, the mother of
Jenny Wade, who was killed while baking
bread for the Union soldiers, and to pay hei
a pension at the rate of eight dollars per
month, from July 3, 1863, the date of lier said
daughter's death, to continue during the
widowhood of the said Mary Wade, she" hav-
ing been dependent for support on her said
daughter.
I he bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and beingengrossed, ir, was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ANN O. BARKER.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania, from the same
committee, also reported abill (H.R. No. 1067)
granting a pension to Ann Q-. Barker ; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place upon the pension-
roll the name of Ann G. Barker, widow of
Thomas Barker, late captain in the first regi-
ment of United States infantry, at, the rate of
ten dollars per month, for the period com-
mencing November 14, 1839, and ending Feb-
ruary 3, 1853, the former date being that of
her husband's death, and the latter that on
which her name was placed on the pension-
roll.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would like to
hear some explanation of this bill.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Let the
report be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
The Committee on Invalid Pensions submit the
following report upon the application of Ann G.
Barker, widow of Captain Thomas Barker, first
regiment United States infantry:
The husband of the petitioner. Captain Thomas
Barker, died of disease contracted in the line of his
duty, in the swamps of Florida, on 14th November,
1839. Under the general act of Congress, approved
February 3,1853, the petitioner has received a pen-
sion from that date, and she now asks that a pension
be granted to her from the death of her husband,
14th November. 1839, up to 3d February, 1853. And
in support of this request, she refers to numerous
instances in which Congress, in precisely similar
cases, provided that the pension should commence
from the date of the husband's death. On 30th July.
1853, Congress passed an act granting- a pension to
Mrs. Elizabeth Armistead, widow of General V/alkei
K. Armistead, dating itfrom the time of bis death.
November 1,1845. And by the act oi 26th February,
1853, the pension granted to Mrs. Elizabeth V. Lomax
ir;i' changed to commence 27th March, 1842.
Many other instances might be ciied fo show the
action of Congress in dealing with applications of
this kind, but the principle itself is just of dating
the pension from the time of death, and in the case
now in hand there are many circumstances which
appeal strongly to the generosity of Congress. Mrs.
Barker is quite old and needy: her grandfather
was an officer in the Revolution; her father was ?n
officer in the Indian wars under Wayne and St.
Ciair. and her son died of disease contracted m the
war for the suppression of the rebellion. Thus,
husband, son, father, and grandfather rendered
faithful service to the country in the hour of its
trial, and two of them lost their lives from disease
contracted in the Army. In view of the action of
Congress in other cases of this kind, of the strong
claim which the petitioner has upon the gratitude
of the nation, and of her present needy condition,
the passage of a bill granting her a pension, at the
rate of ten dollars per month from 14th November,
ls.il), to 3d February, 18o3, is earnestly recommended,
R. M. SPEER.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have not much
heart to say anything about this or any other
pension bill. But I wish to call the attention
of the House to what is involved in the pas-
sage of this bill. Here is a person who has
been upon our pension-roll for nineteen years
already, and is now drawing a pension. The
proposition of this bill is to give her a pension
for fourteen years more, running back from
1853 to 1839. That is in accordance with the
general pension bill reported from this same
committee yesterday, proposing to date ail
persons back to the time when the death or
disability occurred.
In the course of the debate yesterday 1 stated
as a rough estimate that I had no doubt the
hill then passed would take twenty million
dollars out of the Treasury.
Mr. SPEEIi, of Pennsylvania. The gentle-
man will permit me to say that the bill passed
yesterday applies only 
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
will excuse me till I get through. Wo are now
taking up the specific case of a person who
has been for nineteen years receiving a pen-
sion, and we propose to add fourteen more
years by a simple act of this kind. Six or
seven of these bills have been passed through
this morningwithout anybody being heard five
minutes in debate, and without their being
voted for by two members or against by one.
I ask the House to vote this bill down.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. The gentle-
man from Ohio entirely misapprehends the !
effect of the pension bill passed in this House ,
yesterday. That bill, by its express terms,
applies only to the soldiers of the war for the
suppression of the rebellion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly; and
there are now about one hundred and seventy-
five thousand on the rolls to whom the bill
would apply.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. The lady for
whose relief this bill is designed is the widow
of a soldier who lost his life in the Florida war,
and hence her case is not reached at all by the
provisions of the bill passed yesterday.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it has been the practice
of Congress in precisely similar cases to date
the pension from the time of the death. Con-
gress has done this in repeated instances ; and
even when special bills have been passed dating
the pension from the passage of the act, bills
have subsequently been introduced and passed
changing the time of the commencement of the
pension, and dating it back to the death of the
party. Now, why should an exception be
made in this case? Here is a widow whose
grandfather was a soldier in the revolutionary
war, whose father and husband were soldiers
in the Indian war, and whose son was a sol-
dier in the war for the suppression of the rebel-
lion. She is now, I believe, over eigh'y years
old. and is feeble and dependent. The bill
reported by the committee proposes to give
her a pension of only ten dollars a month,
instead of what she ought to have, twenty-five
dollars a month, from the time of the death of
her husband up to the passage of the general
law in 1853. The bill is just; it is in accord-
ance with repeated piecedents of Congress,
and I trust this House will pass it. It has the
unanimous concurrence of the committee.
Mr. W1LLARD. Mr. Speaker, it seems to
me that in acting upon bills of this character,
we should act with a thorough understanding
of the principle involved, it is true, as has
been staled here, that during the last Congress
both pension committees of this House inva-
riably, I think, reported against bills like this,
granting back pensions. Constantapplieations
are made to both committees—the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Pensions and War of
1812, and the Committee on Invalid Pensions—
for arrears of pensions or back pensions in
cases like this ; and it is always urged that
the parties asking this relief are old, infirm,
and in great need, and that the gratuity will
" smoothe their way to the grave." There is
no doubt, of course, of this fact. There is
no doubt, of course, that a gratuity or pension
of this sort would be a pecuniary benefit to the
per-,on receiving it. But that, as an argument
by itself, is, it seems to me, no reason why we
should grant such applications.
The policy which both Houses of Congress
have acted upon is that these arrears of pen-
sions or back pensions shall not be granted;
and 1 agree with the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] that if they are to be granted
it should be done by a general law. Let it be
understood, when applications for pensions are
made before these committees, that the pen-
sion, if granted, is to date from the time when
the injury was received, or, in the case of a
widow, from the period of the death. Let the
pension go back in all cases; for it is quite
as just in one case as another. The fact that
the party applying is in poverty and distress
does not add at all to the justice of the claim,
although it may operate as a stronger appeal
to our sympathies.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I only desire to
say one word further.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I will yield
to the gentleman for one minute.
Mr. GARETELD, of Ohio. I only want half
a minute. The bill which passed yesterday,
and which I tried to get the House to con-
sider, I find since is an old customer in this
House. It was here three times before, the
first time in 1854, when, after deliberate exam-
ination, it was rejected, and twice since then it
has been considered and rejected. Notwith-
