1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4051
duty fifty per cent, is all that interest can stand
in the way of reduction and live at all. I hope
Senators will accept this, and put the duty at
twelve and eighteen cents, and let it remain
at that. I ask for the yeas and nays upon this
amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Boreman, Caldwell, Cameron,
Chandler, Uonkling, Oorbett, Cragin. Fenton, Ferry
ol Michigan. 1 relinghuysen, Gilbert. Kellogg, Lewis,
Mm rill of Maine, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Scott,
and Stewart—19.
NAYS— Messrs. Alcorn. Ames, Blair, Casserly,
Clayton, Colo, Cooper, Flanagan, G-oldthwaite,
Ilmmitou of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan,
Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly, Logan, Morrill
of Vermont, Pool, Pratt, Ransom, Robertson. Sauls-
bury, Schurz, Sherman, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers,
Wniiiom, and Wright—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Carpenter, Davis of Kentucky, Davis
of West Virgini i, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut,
liamlin, Howe, Morton, Norwood, Patterson, Ram-
sey, Riee, Sawyer, Spencer, Sprague, Stevenson,
Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, West, and Wilson—2j.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. LEWIS. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in on page 43, line two hun-
dred and twenty-four of section [eleven]
twelve, after the word "ten" to insert;
And also by striking out the words " the Secretary
of tho Treasury on the recommendation of the Coin-
niissioner of Internal Revenue may appoint," and
inserting in lieu thereof the words "the President
may nominate, and, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, appoint."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I not sec any
such words on page 43, and besides, I under-
stand that section has been stricken out.
Mr. SHERMAN. No.
■ The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in the
elause amending section forty-nine of the act
of 1868.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only question pre-
sented by the amendment of the Senator from
Virginia is whether the supervisors of internal
revenue shall be appointed by the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, or, as at present, by the Secretary of
the Treasury. It is a matter of perfect indif-
ference to me.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I offer the following
amendment, to come in on page 27 
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, I appeal to the
Senator from Virginia, whether he will not
allow this bill to be reported to the Senate, so
that^ we may have before evening votes upon
the important amendments.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I thought we were in the
Senate now.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; I want to get votes
on the important sections before evening.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I do not propose the
amendment if we are not in the Senate.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I desire to offer
an amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill will be open
to amendment in the Senate, and I should
like to get votes on the important questions
before the recess to-day while we have a full
Senate. I think it is but right to do it. .
Mr. ANTHONY. I quite agree with the
Senator about having the vote postponed on
these various amendments until after the bill
comes into the Senate; but I really hope we
shall take no recess to-day. We can just as
well pass two and a half hours here before
half past seven as after, and do a great deal
more business and have a great deal less
talking.
Mr. SHERMAN. I give notice to the Sen-
ate that after eleven o'clock at a night session
I, for one, do not desire the important sec-
tions of this tariff bill passed upon. We had
one tariff bill defeated at this session by mid-
night amendments; and, if I can help it, the
important sections of this hill shall not be
voted upon after midnight. Many of the
amendments offered by Senators are not so
important; but if we could pass upon two or
three important amendments that are reserved,
now in the day-time, with all the Senators
present fresh, then I have no objection to sit-
ting as late as Senators desire, to act on ques-
tions comparatively unimportant.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senate would
only consent to vote now on these amend-
ments without discussion I think we could
pass the bill in an hour. Take this salt ques-
tion. It has been talked over half a dozen
times. I desired to say something on it myself;
but on reflection I concluded that it would do
no sort of good. It does seem to me we ought
to control ourselves and come to votes upon
this bill. If we do, we can vote upon the
immaterial and material amendments both.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President 
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I propose to
set an example by not saying anything if my
amendment can be considered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has recognized the Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I have two or three
amendments which I want to present. All I
ask is the privilege of making a very brief
statement in connection with them, and then!
have no objection to a vote. I will not make
speeches on any other amendments. I should
like to have the privilege of doing that. If
the Senate will conseut that each man who
proposes an amendment shall make simply a
statement, and the discussion stop there, I
shall be very glad.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us go on in regular
order.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I will without
any remark offer substantially the proposition
moved by the Senator from Vermont. I have
reduced the rate, however, from eight to six
cents. My proposition is to make the salt
clauses read:
On salt in bulk nine cents—
Instead of eight, as in the House bill—
and in bags or sacks, when containing not more
tban two hundred and twenty-four pounds of salt,
an additional duty of six cents each, and in that
proportion when containing any greater amount.
I ask for a vote on this amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Michigan.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FENTON. I inquire of the Senator
from Michigan if this is substantially the prop-
osition of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. It is, and I so
stated when 1 presented it, except that it is six
cents instead of eight. The proposition of
the Senator from Vermont was eight cents
additional, and I propose six cents, making it
upon the same basis as he did.
Mr. FENTON. This is something, hut'very
little. I hope the Senate will concede it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony. Boreman, Buckingham.
Caldwell. Cameron, Chandler, Conkling, Corbett,
Cragin, Fenton, Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen,
Gilbert, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton. Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy. Sawyer, Seott,
Stewart, and Wilson—24.
NAYS — Messrs. Alcorn, Ames. Bayard, Blair,
Casserly, Clayton, Cooper, Ferry of Connecticut,
Flanagan, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton of Texas, Ha.ilan, Hill, Hitchcock, John-
ston, Kelly, Logan, Norwood, Pool, Pratt, Ransom,
Robertson, Schurz, Stevenson, Stockton, Thurman,
Tipton, Trumbull,Vickers, Windom. and Wright—32.
ABSENT — Messrs. Brownlow, Carpenter, Cole,
Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Ed-
munds, Ilamlin, Howe. Kellogg, Pat'erson, Ram-
sey, Riee, Saulsbury, Sherman, Spencer, Sprague,
Sumnei, and West—IS.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I propose on
page 79 to add to section twenty-eight the fol-
lowing proviso:
Provided, That separate districts shall not be
maintained after the receipts therein fall below the
expense of assessing and collecting.
The twenty-eighth section provides that
prior to the 1st of January, 1873, the President
shall reduce the number of districts to sixty.
I apprehend there will be a good many dis-
tricts—some, I think, anyhow—that oil and
after the 1st of October next will not pay the
expenses of the collectors and assessors. In
that case I think the officers ought to be dis-
missed and the territory annexed to some
other district. I hope the chairman of the
committee will accept the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can only say that tho
amendment is totally unnecessary, and I would
not like to put on a thing that would seem to
.-imply districts would be kept up which did not
yield expenses^ There are to be but sixty dis-
tricts in the United States, and there is not
one of them that will not yield at least ten
times the amount of the expenses.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. After you
have abolished the stamp tax and everything
except whisky and tobacco and beer?
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no district in
the United States, after they are consolidated
to sixty, that will not yield many times the
amount of the expense.
Mr. TRUMBOLL. This does not apply
after they are consolidated, but before that
time. There are two hundred and forty dis-
tricts now. The amendment is that the dis-
tricts as they now exist, shall be reduced before
the 1st of January in case the expense of col-
lecting in a district is greater than the amount
of revenue derived from it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think it is worth
while to change a section that has been care-
fully prepared and that provides for a peremp-
tory reduction of the force within sft: months.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The amend-
ment is impracticable. It will be as impolitic
as it would be to abolish a custom-house where
the amount of revenue was not equal to the
amount paid to the officers.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I have seen
a manifest disposition to keep a number of
officers in service for whom there is no neces-
sity. It has been done to my personal knowl-
edge for the last twelve or eighteen months
in some sections of country. Now, I ask for
the yeas and nays on this proposition, to see
whether men will be retained in office after
the necessity of their dismissal is manifest to
everybody.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BOREMAN. The phraseology of the
amendment, I think, requires alteration. It
would require more machinery. It says" sep-
arate districts shall not be maintained;" but
it does not say precisely what shall be done.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let m« make
a single further suggestion. It may become
necessary to have an officer of the revenue,
for instance, in Texas, or Tennessee, or Ver-
mont, in order that illicit distilleries may not
be established and kept successfully working.
It is possible that in neither of those places
would the amount of revenue received pay the
officers; and yet it might be indispensable
that the officers should be retained.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. There is- no
doubt about that; but there is a difference
between keeping an assistantassessor or assist-
ant collector in a section of country and keep-
ing up an establishment where there are two or
three persons employed, besides the expenses
of clerks, room rent, and stationery. 1 mean
to break up the establishment where the neces-
sity has ceased for its existence, and attach it
to some other district. For example, take the
State of Arkansas. Suppose it turns out that
after the 1st of January next tho receipts do
not pay the expenses of the system in that
State, then attach it to Missouri, or Louisiana,
or some other district, and lessen the number
of collectors and assessors.
Mr. CORBETT. I should ljke to inquire
of the Senator if this applies to districts for
the collection of duties also.
