1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1368
York told me that in my absence he had ob-
jected becau se he thought it better that I should
be here. I thanked him for so doing, and my
colleague and no other honorable gentleman
•will question my veracity when I state that no
■word had ever passed between the gentleman
from New York and myself before, nora single
word, syllable, look, or gesture, or expression
has passed since on the subject.
Sir, 1 could hardly feel myself justly excusa-
ble for alluding to his remark that I had thrown
down the gauntlet and that he had taken it
up. Mr. Speaker, I am not so low as that yet.
I do not come here to throw down the gaunt-
let to anybody, and surely there is no reason
why I should throw it down to that gentleman;
and there is no reason for his supposing that
I would throw the gauntlet down to him.
If I am not trespassing too much on the time
of the gentleman from Kentucky, I would like
to make some allusion to the remark which he
made in reference to the character of tlie men
who composed the tax-payers' convention, the
twenty-one men whom he characterizes as men
whose hands were red with the blood of Union
men, and to whom he applies other epithets
of a like delicate character, such as that they
were professional slanderers, and would defame
the character not only of men, but of women.
I happen to know personally every individual
member of that committee of twenty-one.
Their names are not only known to me, but
many of them most honorably throughout this
vast country. I would like to invite the atten-
tion of the House to the list of names, and let
.honorable members say whether the gentle-
man's assertion in this regard is entitled to as
much consideration at it might have been if
his language had been more eulogistic and less
defamatory. The name at the head of that
list is that of ^.ndrew J. Hamilton, of Travis
county, a former Representative on this floor
from the western district of the State of Texas,
a man of the most distinguished ability, and
who during the war exhibited a prowess and
valor and heroism that would have done him
honor in the days of Bruce, who never faltered
in his adhesion and devotion to the flag of his
country, who stood by the country and main-
tained the unity of the States under its Consti-
tution, and he continues to stand in that posi-
tion to the present day. The gentleman who
assails him here can hardly rightfully claim as
much.
The next name on the list is that of F. M.
Hayes, of Smith county, a respectable gentle--
man of high standing, and one worthy of the
emulation of the gentleman who has recently
occupied the floor.
The next name I find is that of John Ire-
land, of Guadalupe county, a man than whom
none ever occupied a more exalted position at
the bar, on the bench, or in the social circle,
for honor and integrity.
The next name on the list is that of-John
M. Crockett, of Dallas county, who has occu-
pied the second highest position in the gifc
of the people of his State, and who did not,
dishonor it. He was a citizen before, when
elected, and has continued such ever since.
The next name on the list is that of James
Shaw, of Burleson counLy, one of the original
pioneers of the county; I believe one of the
three hundred who accompanied Stephen F.
Austin when he penetrated the wilderness of
Texas, and has aidedin subduingitto civiliza-
tion ; a man now in his seventy-first year, and
against whom no breath of suspicion of wrong
has ever been uttered except so far as has been
belched forth upon this floor.
George Quinan, of Wharton county, an
alien by birth, but long a resident of the State
of Texas, occupies an exalted position among
his fellow-citizens, and a high place at the bar
as an attorney.
F. M. White, of Jackson county, was a
Union man from beginning to end, a former
commissioner of the general land office ot the
State of Texas, He has thoroughly fulfilled
his duty in every capacity he has occupied,
and he has occupied many high official posi-
tions. .
John W. Robertson, of Robertson county,
was elected as a Republican to the Legislature
of the State of Texas, and an advocate of Mr.
Davis. He afterward became so thoroughly
disgusted with his administration that he has
made war upon it and introduced resolutions
impeaching one of the judges of the district
court of the State implicated in frauds in pro-
curing the gentleman's own election, and they
were passed through that body over the influ-
ence of the Governor and his clique, and they
stand there to-day.
M. C. Hamilton, of Travers county, is now
a Senator of the United States, occupying a
seat in the other end of this Capitol. He is a
man who extorts the admiration of every vir-
tuous and generous heart, however much they
may differ from him politically.
J. W. Throckmorton, of Collin county, was a
member of the secession convention of 1861,
and was one of seven who stood up and voted
" no " upon the question of secession. I recol-
lect well a remark he made on being hissed by
the audience when he cast that vote: " When
the rebel hisses the patriot may well tremble."
His career is admitted to have been of the
most exemplary character. When elected Gov-
ernor of the State of Texas, General Heintzel-
man, as is shown by a certificate now in the
hands of the Judiciary Committee, states that
he believes if Mr. Throckmorton had been
permitted to go on he would have established
civil law, order, and good government in
Texas, and would have saved many lives and
accomplished great good for the people of the
State.
I have not time to go through the list.
Those that remain will compare favorably
with, those I have briefly alluded to. The
convention, composed of the best men of the
State, of all shades of political complexion,
sent by their neighbors, irrespective of party
difference, from all parts of the State, to "rea-
son.together" and consider the better means
of redress of great political grievances, presided
over by ex-Governor E. M. Pease as president,
a man of the most unsullied private virtue,
exalted patriotism, efficient and faithful in all
the numerous official positions he has occu-
pied and adorned, cannot be reached by the
.attempted aspersions of the gentleman who
has just taken his seat.
[Here the hammer fell.]
ADVANCE OP CENTRALISM.
Mr. ARTHUR. Mr. Speaker:
" The true barriers of our liberty in this country
are our State governments; and thewisest conserva-
tive power ever contrived by man is that of which
our Revolution and present Government found us
possessed." * * * * "I do not think it
for the interest of the General Government itself,
and still less of the Union at large, that the State
governments should be so little respected as they
have been." * * * * " The enlightened
statesman, therefore, will endeavor to preserve the
weight and influence of every part, as too much
given to any member of it would destroy the gen-
eral equilibrium."—Jefferson.
" If it were asked, what is the most sacred duty,
and the greatest source of security in a republic,
the answer would be, an inviolable respect for the
Constitution and laws, the first growing out of the
last." * <■ * * " It is by this that cabal-
lers, intriguers, and demagogues are prevented from
climbing on tho shoulders of faction to the tempting
seats of usurpation and tyranny."—Hamilton.
"It has been well said by one of the most saga-
cious men of antiquity, that the object of a constitu-
tion is to restrain the government as that of law is to
restrain individuals." Such
is the solidity and beauty of our admirable system;
but which, it is perfectly obvious, can only bo pre-
served by maintaining the ascendency of the eon-
stitution-making authority over the law-making.''
* * * * " It is more hostile to the nature
and genius of our system to assume powers not dele-
gated. than to resume those that are." * * *
* "I yield to none, I trust, in a deep and sincere
attachment to our political institutions and the
Union of these States. I never breathed an opposite
sentiment; but, on the contrary, I have ever ooa-
sidered them the great instruments of preserving
our liberty and promoting the happiness of ourselves
and our posterity, and next to these I have ever
held them most dear."—Oalhoun.
What was it that Thomas Jefferson said with
so much emphasis ? ' Have we found angels in the
form of men to govern us ? ' However it might have
been then, we of this day may answer, "No, no,' We
have found them at least like others,' a little lower
than angels.' In the same spirit he has said, an
elective despotism is not the government we fought
for. And that is true. Our fathers fought for alim-
ited government, a government hedged all round
with securities, or, as I heard an eminent son of "Vir-
ginia say, a government feneed in with ten rails and
a top-rider." * * * * " Iconfessllove
to linger around those original fountains, and to
drink deep of their waters. I love to imbibe, bi as
full measure as I may, tho spirit of those who laid
the foundations of the Government,and so wisely
and skillfully balanced and adjusted its bearings
and proportions."— Webster.
The progress of political institutions in any
era of the past is instructing to freemen. The
agitator is never so dangerous as when behind
the mask of conservatism he insidiously pur-
sues the ends of mischief. Things hateful are
called by names amiable, and things amiable
called by names hateful. Patriotism is in-
vested with the deformities of treason, and
treason is clothed with the livery of Heaven. If
any real danger has opportunely made morbid
the popular anxiety, every devilish art is cun-
ningly plied to stimulate the popular fear and
poison the popular credulity. Gradually is
disarmed that eternal vigilanee which in all
ages of the world is the price of liberty, and
under cover of the general welfare the limita-
tions upon government and the local power
of the people disappear beneath the now
resistless sea of successful encroachment.
Politicians and parties, intrinsically, are of
very limited consequence, but they possess a
derivative excellence in the degree in which
tlieyrepresentobjects excellent in themselves.
What the friend of his country wants now is not
the counterfeit presentment, but the vital sub-
stance of genuine American polity as founded
and fortified by Washington and the heroes
and statesmen of his unparalleled era. He
wants things rather than names, proofs rather
than professions of present and future fidelity
to the people in the local power of their State
and the limited power of their Federal Gov-
ernments.
We now stand upon a neck of land dividing
two open seas, the pastand the future. If the
sun—by which Mr. Webster typifies our politi-
cal system—goes down upon us, the way ahead
will be a testament of storm and an inheritance
of desolation. Who so base as to take this
risk for a little brief authority? But if by a
frequent recurrence to fundamental principles
of American polity we shall return and stead-
fastly pursue our hereditary freedom under the
rays of that great central orb of focal light,
the organized power of the people and the pro-
gress of republican empire may be bounded
only by the measureless happiness of mankind.
Incomparable in form and substance as are
our institutions of inheritance, it must be ad-
mitted they nevertheless came to us charged
with the electric sparks of African slavery,
of State secession, and national centralization.
And from the foundation of our systems the
struggle went on between the letter of and
facts coeval with our institutions on the one
hand, and the spirit, with which that letter
and those facts were alleged to be repugnant,
on the other. The current of time flowed on ;
and eventually the struggle is ended of the
first two. I shall not pause here to draw the
moral or point the tale. Suffice it to say, that
the struggle is ended as to those twin elements
of fraternal impingement. On both sides of
the disputed boundary of the great argument,
heroes and statesmen, soldiers and patriots,
attested the sincerity of their convictions by
the magnanimity of their sacrifices. The first
two acts of the drama are past.
Centralization, the third, the last, the most
stupendous in proportions, the mostunscrupu-
lousin wickedness, the most corrupting ill temp-
tation, the most universal in scope, and the
most accumulated in resources and power, is
upon us. He who will may see it now. It is
thinly vailed, visible and bodily, naked '.o the
