,1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3155
raent of the United States was under no obli-
gation in reference to the loss of cotton any
more than to the loss of grain growing in the
fields, or to the loss of private stock, or to
the loss of any property whatever. But the
Government did extend this provision io law-
ful claims and rightful owners as it stands in
the bill before the committee, but never did
extend it to the public enemy, and that, too,
without limitation. The limitation of that
legislation has expired, and none of thdse
claims can now be preferred. This substitute
offered by the committee says the Secretary
of the Treasury, without regard to any limita-
tions, and, as I said before, without regard
to lojal ownership or any consideration what
ever, shall pay for this cotton without regard
to the manner by which they acquired interest
in it, in the words of the substitute, " being
the lawful owners thereof."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. POLAND. I now offer the following
substitute in place of that submitted by the
committee:
That the lawful owners (or their legal representa-
tives.) of all cotton seized after the 30th day of Juno,
1865, by the agents ot ttie Government, the net pro-
ceeds of which wore actually paid into the Treasury
of the United States, may at any time within ono
year after the passage of this act prefer their claim to
the proceeds thereof in the Court of Claims, and on
proof to the satisfaction of said court of their owner-
ship of said property, and oi their right to the pro-
ceeds thereof, shall be entitled to recover the residue
of such proceeds, after deducting expenses attend-
ing the disposition thereof, and with the same right
of appeal to the Supreme Court as is now provided
in suits for proceeds of captured and abandoned
property.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire now
to say a word in closing the debate. It will be
remembered that all this property referred to
in the clause offered by the Committee oil
Appropriations was seized after the end of the
war. it is true, as the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Claims [Mr. Blair] has said, that
so far as it was the property of the late con-
federate States, it was a lawful seizure ; the
property was properly seized, and its proceeds
were properly covered into the Treasury of
the United States. But it is also true that of
the whole amount seized, reaching to a
net sum of $5,000,000, about one fourth was
private property, which happened to be m
or near the same warehouse where the con-
federate property was stored.
Now, when the commissioners who seized this
cotton and ordered it to be sold made their re-
port to the Secretary of the Treasury, they
reported all the facts in connection with the
seizure, together with all the proofs of private
ownership ; and a vast mass of such papers
are now in the hands of the Secretary ot the
•Treasury. I hold in my hand a report made
to the Fortieth Congress, in which the names
of the claimants are set forth. There is a list
of claims and claimants covering twenty-one
pages, and showing the number ot bales of cot-
ton seized trom each, the amount deducted for
expenses, and the net proceeds put into the
Treasury. The Secretary of the Treasury has
all these documents on tile, and is now fully
empowered to make a settlement, but no ap-
probation has ijeen made for payment. The
money is not ours, and it is none of our busi-
ness who the claimants are. If they were reb-
els we shall be none the less robbers for tak-
ing and keeping what is not our own. I will
aid by all honorable means to wateh and guard
the Treasury, but I will not advise the United
States to do an act of manifest wrong and
injustice.
To say now, when all these facts are in the
hands of the Secretary of the Treasury, that
the cases shall be turned over to the Court of
Claims, is to set the claimants back a series of
years to work themselves up to the same status
they now occupy. 1 am willing to trust this to
the known discretion and justice and equity
of the Secretary of the Treasury. I hope the
House will retuse to strangle the Court of
Claims, and will authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to restore to citizens what is
clearly their own. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw my amendment.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered, which was first on
Mr. Sargent s amendment to the amendment
of the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. Sargent's amendment was agreed to.
The question was next on Mr. Poland's
substitute for the amendment of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations. j
The House divided; and there were—ayes i
07, noes 75. j
Mr. BINGHAM demanded the yeas and i
nays. j
The yeas and nays were ordered. |
The question waa taken, and it was decided !
in the negative—yeas 85, nays 103, not voting 1
52 \ as follows: !
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames. Averill, Banks,
Barber, Beattv. Beveridge, Bigby, Bingham, Austin
Blair, Boles, George M.Brooks, Buckley, Bufimton,
liurchard, Benjamin JF. Butler, Roderick B. Butler,
Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cotton, Cox, Creely, Crocker,
Dawes. Donnan. Duell, Eames, Farnsworth, Fink-
elnburg, Goodrich, llalsey, Harmer, Havens, Haw- ,
ley, Hay, Gerry W.^Hazelton. Iloar, Houghton, I
Kelley, Ketcham, Ivillinger, Lamport, Lansing, I
Lowe, Maynard, McCrary, McJunkin, Mercur, I
Merriara. Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac C. i
Parker, Pendleton. Peters,Poland, Prindle, liainey, j
Ellis H. Robins, Rusk, Scnfieid, Seeley, Sessions,
Shoemaker, H. Boardman Smith, John A- Smith, I
Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, Starkweather, !
Sfoughton, Strong, St. John, Sypber, Washington j
Townsend, Twlchell. Tyner, Wnkeman. Walden, '
Wallace, Wheeler, Willard, Williams ot Indiana, ]
and Jeremiah M. Wilson—85. i
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Barnum, Beck, Bell. Biggs, Bird, James G. Blair,
Braxton. James Brooks, Caldwell, William T.
Clark, (Joghlan, Comingo. Conner, Crebs, Catcher,
Cropland, Darrall, D,>x. Duke, Bunnell, Eldredge,
Elliott, Ely, Henry D. Foster. Garfield, Getz, Gol-
laday, Griffith. Haldeman, Hale, Handlcy. Hanks,
Harper, John X. Harris Hays*, Hereford, Herndon,
llibbard, Hill, Kellogg. Kendall, Kerr, King. La.ni-
ison. Leach. McClelland, McCormick, McIIenry,
Mclntyre, McKinney. McNeely, Merrick, Benjamin
jb\ Mevers, Monroe. Morey, Morgan. Morphis, Leon-
ard Myers, Negley, Hosea W. Parker, Peek, Perce,
Eli Perry, Potter, Price, Randall, Bead, John M.
Rice, Ritchie, William R. Roberts, Robinson,
Rogers, Roosevelt. Sargent, Sheldon. Sherwood,
Slater, Slocum, Sloss, Snyder, R. Milton Speer,
Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Storm, Swann, Terry,
DwightTownsend,Turner, Tuthill, Upson, Vaughan,
Voorhees, Waddeil, Whiteley, Whitthorne, John T.
Wilson, Winchester, Wood, and Young—103.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Barry, Bright, Burdeft,
Campbell. Carroll, Freeman Clarke, Davis, De
Large, Dickey, Du Bose, Farwell, Forker, Cbarles
Foster. Wilder D. Foster, Fryo, Garrett, Hamble-
ton, Ilancoek. George E. Harris, John W. Hazel-
ton, Holuian, Hooper. Kinsella, Lewis, Lynch,
Manson, Marshall, McGrew. McPiee, Mitchell,
Moore, Niblack, Aaron F. Perry, Platl, Porter,
Edward Y. Rice, Sawyer, Shanks Shellabarger,
Shober. Stevens, Stevenson, Stowell, Sutherland,
TalTe, Thomas. Van Trump, Waldron, Walls, War-
ren, Wells, and Williams of New York—52.
So the substitute was disagreed to.
During the roll call,
Mr. SHANKS said: I am paired on this
question with Mr. McKee ; if he were here he
would vote "no," and I should vote "ay."
Mr. McCRARY. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. I desire to know whether the first
question is not on concurring in the Senate
amendment ?
The SPEAKER. It is: but the Chair puts
it properly and in strict parliamentary phrase,
will the House concur in the Senate amend-
ment with an amendment, so that the House
understands on what it is voting. Should the
amendment be voted down the question will
recur on concurring in the Senate amendment
with an amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I ask for the yeas
and nays on it.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only
eighteen members voting in favor thereof.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I ask for tellerson
the yeas and nays.
Tellers on the yeas and nays ware not or-
dered, only sixteen members voting in favor
thereof.
The amendment of the Senate was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the several votes by which the amend-
ments had been concurred in, concurred in
with amendments, and non-concurred inj and
also moved that the motion to reconsider b©
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from tiie president.
A message in writing from the President of
the United States was communicated to the
House by Mr. Horace Porter, his Private
Secretary, who also informed the House that
the President bad approved and signed a bill
and joint resolution of the following titles:
A. bill (H. R. No. 590) for the relief of cer-
tain settlers on the public lands in Iowa, under
the provisions of the homestead laws ; and
A joint resolution (II. II. No. 136) appoint-
ing commissioners to inquire into depreda-
tion on the frontier of the State of Texas.
indian appropriation bill.
The House resumed the consideration of
the bili (H. R, No. 1192) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian Department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30, 1873, and for
other purposes; which was made a special
order to-day after the reading of the Journal.
Mr. DAWES. Is it in order to move to
suspend the rules in order to go into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the tariff bill ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will examine
the records in relation to that subject.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia, [Mr Sargent] says that he does not
expect to occupy much time upon the Indian
appropriation bill, and therefore I will not
press the motion to go into Committee of the
Whole.
The SPEAKER. The matter depends al-
together on the wording of the Journal.
Mr. GARFIELD, ot Ohio. I do not think
if. would take more than ten or fifteen minutes
t' dispose of it.
Mr. SARGENT. It was especially ordered
that the amendments of the Senate to the
Indian appropriation bill should be considered
after the reading of the Journal.
Mr. DAWES. If the House will not object
to my moving to go into Committee of the
Whole on the tariff bill after that time without
a morning hour, I will not make any further
objection.
Mr. KILL1NGER. There is no necessity
for a morning hour to-day when the Committee
on Military Affairs have an evening session
to-night.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
order upon the Journal.
The Clerk read as follows:
On motion of Mr. Sargent, by unanimous con-
sent,
"Ordered. That Tuesday next, immediately after
the morning hour, to theexclusion of other business,
the House shall proceed to the consideration of the
bill making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes, for the year ending June 30, 1873, and for
other purposes, and the bill shall be considered in
the House under the five-mintues rule."
The SPEAKER. The amendments of the
Senate will be read, and unless objection be
made they will be concurred or non concurred
in, as the committee recommend.
The Clerk read the fifty-tifth amendment of
the Senate, as follows :
Add to the clause, "for this amount, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, to pay the expenses of
the commission of citizens serving without pay, ap-
pointed by the President under the provisions of
the fourth section of the act of April 10, 1869. the
sum ot &15,OUO; and said commission is hereby con-
tinued, with the powers and duties heretofore pro-
vided by law." the following:
Provided. That any member of the board of In-
dian commissioners is hereby empowered to invest-
igate all conrraets, expenditures, and accounts in
connection with the Indian service, and shall have
access to all books and papers relating thereto in any
Government office; but the examination of vouch-
ers and account5! by the executive committee of said
board shall not be a prerequisite of payment.
