1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2259
willing to hear the statement if there are any
facts to be brought to our knowledge.
Mr. PRATT. To comply with the request
of the honorable Senator from New Jersey,
I will state that the salt-works ordered to be
destroyed by Major General Buell were situ-
ated near Manchester, Clay county, Kentucky,
on Goose creek and its tributaries. These
salt-works had been resorted to previously by
the rebels. The year previous, I believe, they
had taken away some thirty-five hundred or
four thousand bushels of salt, and it was an-
ticipated that they would revisit those salt-
works soon after; I mean during the fall of
18G2. General Buell, on the 21st of October
in that year, issued an order for the destruc-
tion of these works to General Thomas, who
was second in command.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Were these
works within the Union lines?
Mr. PRATT. 1 suppose they were within
the Union lines.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I think that is
the whole point. If these works were within
the rebel lines I take it we should not be
called upon to pay for them.
Mr. PRATT. If the Senator is familiar
with the geography of that part of Kentucky,
he will know as well as I do whether it was
within the rebel lines, or within the Union
lines. The armies were traversing backward
and forward through that part of the country.
I believe it was in the general direction of
Cumberland Gap.
Mr. STEVENSON. Within the Union
lines, I will tell the Senator from New Jersey.
Mr. PRATT. These salt-works were owned
by some five or six different firms, and at the
time this order was issued by General Buell
there were some four thousand bushels of salt
I think that had accumulated ready for sale,
the testimony showing that it was worth at
least fifty or sixty cents to the bushel at that
place. All this salt was destroyed, and the
works were destroyed, as far as five hundred
men industriously engaged in the work «f
destruction for thirty-six hours could do it.
As the bill recites, the War Department
appointed William P. Thomasson, of Louis-
ville, a commissioner to investigate and report
to the Department the value of these Goose
creek salt-works destroyed, and he was re-
quired to give notice to the proprietors and
their agents of the time and place when and
where he would receive testimony, &c. He
spent, if I remember aright, some two or three
weeks in taking testimony upon the ground,
and he reported as fairly due in case No. 1 to
T. T. Garrard the sum of $13,799 GO. He
included in that report the item of ninety-two
hundred bushels of salt, the anticipated yield
for eight months, at fifty cents. The Commit-
tee on Claims rejected that part of his report.
In case No. 2, of James W. Reid, the com-
mission reported that there was due $9,100.
That also included one item for the anticipated
yield for eight months of eleven thousand eight
hundred bushels of salt. That was rejected by
the Committee on Claims, and so on through.
The sum total of the amount recommended by
the committee in the six cases is $22,299 60,
and includes nothing except the actual injury
which was done to the works and the salt that
was destroyed and the deterioration of the fur-
naces and fixtures by non-use. These were
the only items allowed by our committee. We
thought it a very clear case. The amount that
we recommend to the Senate is greatly below
that recommended by Mr. Thomasson, the com-
missioner appointed by the War Department.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
THOMAS M. REDD.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 692.
The bill (S. No. 692) for the relief of Thomas
M. Redd, was read the second time and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It re-
quires the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
Thomas M. Redd, $2,791, in full compensa-
tion for the destruction of his house, out-
houses, and fences, situate in Paducah, Ken-
tucky, which were destroyed by fire on the
morning of March 26, 1864, by order of Colo-
nel S. G. Hicks, in command of Fort Ander-
son, to prevent the buildings being used by
the enemy as a shelter for his sharpshooters
in case of a renewed attack upon the fort.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
J. W. PARISH AND COMPANY.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 159.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 159)
conferring upon the Court of Claims the power
to hear and determine the claim of J. W.
Parish & Co. for damages for the alleged vio-
lation of their contract with the United States
for the delivery of ice. The bill proposes to
give authority to J. \!v'■ Parish and Co. to
commence a suit against the United States
in the Court of Claims for the recovery of
such damages as shall appear to have been
sustained by them,by reason of the alleged
violation by agents of the United States ol the
contract entered into on the 5th of March,
1863, by and between Henry Johnson, medi-
cal storekeeper United States Army, and act-
ing medical purveyor, and J. W. Parish & Co.,
for the delivery by that firm of the whole
amount of ice required to be consumed at
Nashville, St. Louis, Cairo, and Memphis
during the remainder of that year; and the
court is invested with full power and authority
to hear and determine the validity of the
claim, and the amount, if any, of the dam-
ages of J. W. Parish & Co.
" The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM II. UOLLBDGE.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 200.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 200) for
the relief of William H. Colledge. It requires
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Wil
liam H. Colledge, the sum of -—— dollars, in
full compensation for services as a temporary
clerk in the office of the Third Auditor of the
Treasury, from the 11th of May, 1859, until
the 11th of October, 1859, in auditing and
adjusting the Oregon and Washington war
claims, so called.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the blank be
filled with the sum of $500.
• The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
D. JAY BROWN.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 197.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 197)
for the relief of the widow of D. Jay Brown,
deceased. It appropriates $250, which sum
it directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to the widow of D. Jay Brown, in full compen-
sation for the claim made by the deceased
against the United States for services rendered
as their agent in visiting various parts of
Europe to collect information on the produc-
tion, manufacture, and commerce of the flax
and wines of that country, and to obtain seeds,
cuttings, &c., under instructions from the Com-
missioner of the Patent Office dated April 16,
1861, and for alleged losses in consequence
of his recall at the expiration of one year from
his appointment.
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
G. s. BAKER.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 112.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider of the bill (H. R.
No. 112) for the relief of G. S. Baker, of
Maryville, Missouri, for the reissue of a cer-
tain bond. It authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue a new bond for fifty dollars,
with coupons from and including that of July
1, 1871, to G. S. Baker, of Maryville, Mis-
souri, in place of a five-twenty coupon bond,
for a like amount, No. 92711, act of March
3, 1865, issue of July 12, 1867, it having been
destroyed by mutilation; but before issuing
the new bond the Secretary of the Treasury is
to require a sufficient bond of indemnity, secur-
ing the Government against the presentation
of the bond alleged to be lost.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
COLONEL JAMES F. JAQCJES.
Mr. HOWE. 1 move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 59.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 59)
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to settle and pay the accounts of Colonel
James F. Jaques. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to Colonel James F.
Jaques such sum as the President of the Uni-
ted States may direct, not exceeding $6,719,
for services performed and money expended
by him during the recent rebellion, under the
direction of the late President Abraham Lin-
coln.
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
OHILDK1SN OF JOHN M. BOTTS.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 760.
The bill (S. No. 760) for the relief of Bev-
erly M. Botts, Rosalie S. Lewis, Isabella Mc-
Lean Lewis, and Mary Minor Iloxsey, children
and heirs-at-law of John M. Botts, deceased,
was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. The Secretary of
the Treasury is directed by the bill to pay to
the children and heirs-at-law named of John
Ml. Botts, deceased, late of Culpeper county,
Virginia, $1,990 16 ; which sum, when paid,
is to be iu full satisfaction of all claims on the
part of the heirs-at-law against the United
States for injuries done or committed by the
troops of the United States to the land of
Botts, the timber, fences, and other fixtures
thereon, done to his personal property during
the iate war of the rebellion; the intent and
purpose of this act being that the sum named
was the just balance due him in his life-time
for all his losses sustained by the action of the
Union troops, after deducting the sum of
$14,870 68, paid him about the 1st of June,
1805, by the quartermaster's department. _
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
LEWIS JOHNSON AND COMPANY.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 204.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 204) for
the relief of Lewis Johnson & Co. It directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Lewis
Johnson § Co., bankers of Washington, Dis-
