1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
467
standing all that, it became a law yesterday
tinder the new arrangement and the new spirit
evinced in this House to pass all bills of this
character. It would seem that after twenty
years we are to break up all the precedents
of the past in reference 10 these pension bills.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. If the distin-
guished chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations will direct his vigilant eyes to stop-
ping the large leaks in the public Treasury,
instead of attacking bills for the relief of
the poor widows of gallant soldiers who died
in the service of the country, he will entitle
himself to more honor and credit. I demand
the previous question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. T shall demand
the yeas and nays on the passage of (he bill.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
54, noes 50; no quotum voting.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Garfield
of Ohio, and Mr. Speer. of Pennsylvania, were
appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 78, noes 51.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I demand the
yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the bill
lie referred to the Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar. I believe the
motion is in order, as the previous question
exhausted itself on the engrossment of the
bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill has
been read a third time, and the motion is not
in order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Cannot the bill be
now referred?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It cannot.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 105, nays 69. not voting
65; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Arthur, Barnum, Beatty,
Boll, Beveridge, Biggs. Bingham, Bird, James G.
Blair, Bright, George M. Brooks, Builinton, Benja-
min -1''. Butler. Caldwell, Coburn, Coghi.tn, Conger,
Connor, Cox, Crebs, Grassland, i>avis, Donnan.Du
Bose, Duke, Dunnell, EdwanK Bldridge, Ely, Far-
well, Forker, Charles Foster, Fryc, Garrett,Getz, Gol-
laday, Griffith, Haldera.in, Hambleton, Handley,
Harmer, Harper, John T. Harris, Hawley.II.iv,Here-
ford, Herndon, Houghton, Kerr, King, Kinsella,
Lamison, Lamport. Lansing. Leach, Manson. Mar-
shall, Maynard, McClelland, McCrary, Metlenry,
Mclntyre, Mcjunkin, McNeely, Benjamin F.Mey-
ers, Moore, Morgan, Leonard Myers, Negley, Orr,
Husea W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Eli Perry,
Potter, Price, Head, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice,
Kitehio. Rogers, Roosevelt, Secicy, Sherwood, Sla-
ter, bloss, R. Mil ton Speer, Thomas J. Speer.buiher-
land, Terry, Thomas Turner, Twit-boll. Vnughan,
Waddell, Wakeman,Wall ace,'Walls, Wells, Wheeler,
Whitthorne, Williamsof New York, Winchester, and
Wood—105.
Austin J
Clarke,   - --
elnburg, Wilder D. Foster, Garfield. Georg
ris. Havens, Gerry W. Hazleton, John W. Hazleton,
Hibbard. Hoar,Holman, Kelley,Kellogg, kctcham,
Lewis, Lowe, McCormick, McGrew, Mekco, Mer-
cuv, Merriam, Monroe, Nihlack, Packard, i acker,
Palmer, Pendleton, Perce, Peters, Poland, Prindle,
Ellis H. Roberts, William R. Roberts, Rusk, Saw-
yer, Scoficld, Shanks, Sheldon, Shellabarger, Shoe-
maker. Siocum, John A. Smith, Snyder, bprague,
Starkweather, Stoughton, Srowell, Strong. Tatte,
Washington Townsend, Tyner, Upaon, Waldron,
Whiteley, Willord, Williams of Indiana, and John
T. Wilson—69. .
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Averill, Banks,
Barry, Beck, Bigby, James Brook*. Burdett, Roder-
ick R. Butler, Campbell, Carroll, William T. Clarke,
Cobb, Commgo, Creely, Crilcher, Crocker, Darrajl,
De Large, Dickey, Dox, Duell. Elliott, Henry D.
Foster. Goodiinh. Hale, Ha!s y, Hancock, Hanks,
Hays Hill, Hooper, Kendall,Killingor, Lynch, 11c-
Kinn'ey, Merrick, Mitchell, Morey, Morphia, Aaron
F Perry, Piatt, Porter, Rainey. Randall, Robinson,
Sargent Sessions, Shober, H. Boardman Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Snapp. Stevens, Stovenson,
Storm, St. John, Swann. 3yi>ber,Dwis:ht lownsend,
Tuthill, Van Trump, Voorhees, Waiden, Warren,
Jeremiah M.Wilson, and Young—05.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the vote,
Mr. BRAXTON said: I have been requested
by my colleague, Mr. Cbitchek, to state that he
is detained from the House by illness.
Mr. HANDLEY. I have also been request-
ed by my colleague, Mr. Dox, to state that he is
confined to his room by sickness.
Mr. MORGAN. I stated the other day that
my colleague, Mr. Campbell, was detained at
home by sickness, but it did not get to the ears
of the reporters.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I do not know whether
it has been stated before, but my colleague,
Mr. McKinney, is sick, and confined to his
bed.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I move that
the reading of the names be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FLA VIA COASII.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania, from the
same committee, reported adversely on the
bill (H. R. No. 30) for the relief of Flavia
Coash; and the same was laid on the table.
nancy anne spurgjson.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania, also, from the
same committee, reported back, with the
recommendation that it do pass, the bill (II.
R. No. 115) granting a pension to Natiey Anne
Spurgeon, widow of Josiah Spurgeon, of Lewis
county, Missouri.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Nancy Anne Spurgeon, widow of
Josiah Spurgeon, at the rate of eight dollars
per month, to commence at the date of the
passage of this act and continue during widow-
hood.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask for the
reading of the report.
The report was read. It states that it was
proven by the testimony that the husband of
I he petitioner was regularly enlisted a private
in company L, eleventh regiment Missouri
State militia cavalry volunteers, on the 11th
J nly, 18013. On the 18th July, seven days after
his enlistment, he was killed at the battle of
Pierce's Mill, while fighting in the ranks of
his company. In consequence of not having
been mustered, the application of the peti-
tioner for pension was rejected by the Pension
Bureau. The deceased was not mustered for
the reason that no opportunity was offered him
prior to his death. The Missouri State militia,
to which he belonged, was in reality a volun-
teer force organized by Federal authority.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say
that it seems to me that the report carries on
its face a good reason why we should pass the
bill, and lnrtbermore the biil follows the good
old rule, winch we have almostalways followed
hitherto, to date the beginning of the pension
from the passage of the act. 1 will give my
hearty support to the passage of the bill.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. 1 move to amend
the bill as follows:
Strike out the words " after the date of the pas-
sage of this act," and insert in lieu thereof from
the death of the husband."
Mr, GA.RF1ELD, of Ohio. Ha, hal
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. 1 would just
say that the amendment proposed by the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Blair] is in my
judgment entirely just, and had not the bill,
as originally introduced and_ printed, fixed the
commencement of the pension from the pas-
sage of the act, I would have reported a bill
from the committee in the form m which it is
now proposed to amend it. As it was I give
the "widow all she asks for, and would have
been glad to give her more.
Mr. MOORE. I desire to make just one
statement, which will apply to this and other
similar cases. The Committee on Invalid
Pensions have recommended during the pres-
ent session, and the House has passed several
bills granting pensions from the date of the
death of the person on account of whose ser-
vices the claim is made. In such eases they
have been governed by this principle, that
where a case is perfectly regular, and has failed
in the Department in consequence of some
simple technicality which the Commissioner
could not override, the committee should rec-
ommend the pension to be granted from the
date of death. But there is presented to us
here quite a number of cases which are some-
what anomalous. They are not regular, and
could not by any means, under any law, be
got through the Pension Bureau. Neverthe-
less they are sometimes cases of hardship and
cases of merit. And yet they are not of a
class of cases which appeal to us as strongly
as the other class of cases 1 have mentioned.
It is simply a gratuity on the part of the Gov'
ernment to grant these pensions. In all such
cases we have recommended the granting of
the pension from the date of the passage of
the act; and for that reason we have reported
the bill in the form in which it is.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I would say to
the House that this is a case which has como
under my own observation. The person on
account of whose services the pension is to be
granted resided at the time of his death near
the county seat of the county in which I my-
self reside. 1 was well acquainted with him
and with his family before his death, and I
have been well acquainted with his family
since. 1 know that the facts have been truly
reported ; and itdoes seem to me that itwould
be a very great hardship that a person who had
bidden tareweil to his family and his home to
engage in the service of his country 
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I cannot
yield further to the gentleman from Missouri.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man fromMissouii [Mr. Blair] is on the floor
to support his own amendment in his own right.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Can the
gentleman from Missouri consume the whole
morning hour 't
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Missouri is entitled to one hour in
support of his own amendment.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman will talk his amendment to death if lie
goes on any longer.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Very well; I
leave the question to the House.
The question was put on the amendment;
and there were—ayes thirty-seven, noes not
counted.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARTHA 15. WILLIAMS.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania, from the same
committee reported a bill (H. R. No. 1008)
granting a pension to Maitha B. Williams.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Sec-
retary of the interior to place upon the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions and limita-
tions of the pension laws, the name of Martha
B. Williams, mother of John A. Caven, late
captain of company G, eleventh Indiana vol-
unteers, and to pay her a pension from the
8th day of February, 1806, and during her
widowhood.
