416
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 1,
Ho. of Reps.
Refunding Tax on Cotton—Mr. Perce.
42d Cong....2d
thought and opinion upon this subject, would
not classify even postage as a duty, impost, or
excise.
But for the purpose of argument we will
suppose it to belong to neither class. Could
the postal laws be made partial under the Con-
stitution ? Could you charge three cents far a
letter in one State and ten cents in another ?
Could you make the letter tariff three cents
for all distances under three thousand miles
if posted in New York, and three cents for all
distances under three hundred miles, and a
larger rate for distances greater than the last-
named in Mississippi? Certainly _ not; the
Constitution is imbued with the principle of
equality, perfect equality; and whenever you
violate this principle, you violate the Constitu-
tion. These simple questions illustrate the fact.
The postal laws, whether duties, excises, or
imposts, or neither, to be impartial must be
uniform ; and I submit that I hazard nothing
in asserting that all indirect taxes, whether
coming under the definition of the constitu-
tional clause referred to or not, do come under
the principles involved and enunciated in and
by that clause, and must be apportioned in ac-
cordance with the rule of uniformity. The rule
of proportion cannot be impartially applied to
indirect, taxes ; the rule of equality must con-
trol their imposition. The whole question of
the constitutionality of the cotton tax, consid-
ered as a duty, impost, or excisej turns upon
the question oi' uniformity, and involves the
further inquiry, can Congress, by a phrase in
a particular law, make equal that which the
laws of nature have immutably established
otherwise?
The law establishing the tax upon cotton
attempted to give an appearance at least of
uniformity by taxing ''all cotton produced in
the United States." Now, the census tables
and agricultural reports, official documents
printed by authority of Congress, conclusively
show that cotton is produced in but eleven of
the States. What, then, shall be the construc-
tion of the law? Does the verbiage of the
act make the production of cotton uniform
throughout the United States? If it does, an
act ot' Congress repeals the laws of nature.
The mere statement of the question reveals
its ubsolute absurdity. The law must be con-
strued in accordance with existing facts. The
phrase means, and must be held to mean,
"all cotton produced in the eleven States capa-
ble of producing it," to wit, the States enum-
erated in the census tables, and would be just
as constitutional if the Siat.es were stated by
name as it is as the law now stands. " Uni-
form " in the Constitution means uniformity
in fact, and not an untruthful declaration
thereof in the law.
The Supreme Court has held the income tax
to be an excise, and that it must be laid accord-
ing to the rule of uniformity. Now, supposing
the income law Bhould only tax such income
as was derived from the production of cotton
within the United States, would such law
be constitutional? Certainly not; the clause
" within the United States" would not relieve
the law of its unequal and unjust partiality,
and as it confessedly would be unjust to indi-
rectly tax cotton through the imposition of
an excise or duty upon its production, it fol-
lows that a tax laid directly upon the article
itself would be equally unjust and illegal. On
the other hand, supposing that the income tax
instead of the $2,000 should exempt all in-
come from the production of cotton, it would
be equally unconstitutional.
The word "uniform" occurs three times in
section weight of article one of the Constitution,
to wit:
"Duties, imposts, and excises shall be uniform."
Congress shall have power" * * * * " to
establish a uniform rule of naturalization and uni-
form laws on the subject of bankruptcies throughout
the United States."
It will be conceded that the meaning of the
word is identical in each connection. Sup-
pose, then, Congress should exempt all cotton,
or the proceeds thereof, grown or produced
within the United States in favor of the bank-
rupt, would such law come within the consti-
tutional clause conferring the power upon
Congress? Would it be uniform throughout
the United States? Would the clause '■ pro-
duced in the United States" make it con-
structively uniform ? Would a law admitting
to immediate citizenship all emigrants who
should engage upon their arrival in the culti-
vation and production of cotton in the United
States be a uniform rule of naturalization?
These questions can only be answered in the
negative. The inequality and injustice of the
cotton tax is made apparent by a comparison
of the values of the several crops of the
country. As appears by the agricultural re-
port of 1867, the last year of the imposition
of the cotton tax, the value of the various
crops was as follows:
Corn crop  $610,948,300
Wheat crop  421,796,460
Oat crop  172,472,970
Hay crop    372,864,670
Rye, barloy, buckwheat, potatoes, and
tobacco.  227,909,246
Making: a total of. $1,805,991,736
as against the cotton produced in the same
year valued at $'201,470,495. In other words,
we have a tax upon the produce of the south-
ern States exclusively, valued at a little over
two hundred millions, and a free list of produce
mostly of the northern States of more than
eighteen hundred millions. Monstrous inequal-
ity ! But perhaps the most palpable injustice
perpetrated by Congress in its internal reve-
nue taxes is the case of sugar; this not because
the cotton tax is less unconstitutional, but
because there is a competition to a slight ex-
tent in the cultivation of sugar between the
North and South. On page 80 of the Internal
Revenue Laws, compiled under the direction of
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, 1867,
the tax is laid on all sugar produced from the
sugar-cane one cent per pound. On page 88
of the some compilation, in the list of articles
exempt from internal tax, we find ''sugar,
molasses, or sirup made from beets, corn, sugar
maple, or from sorghum."
Now, it is well known that sugar-cane can
only be grown in the extreme southern States,
while sorghum and beet sugars and sirups are
the product of the more temperate northern
climates. The sorghum molasses comes in
direct competition with New Orleans molasses.
Beet sugar and cane sugar, fully manufac-
tured and refined, can be distinguished only by
experts. It is also known that the sugar of
Louisiana is a forced crop, requiring garden
culture, and yet the sugar of the South is taxed,
while the sugar of the North by express statu-
tory exception is not taxed. "A combination
between the New England and the western
States has borne down the agriculture of Louisi-
ana" by unjust, unequal, and unconstitutional
law. Cotton and sugar were the only crude
products taxed. Corn, which isgrown in every
State in the Union and equals in value the cotton
crop three times told, the smaller grain crops
—wheat, oats, rye, barley,—worth at least
treble, and mostly grown in the North; in short;
nine tenths in value of the entire annual crops of
the whole country, are placed upon the free list,
and pass from the producer to the consumer
untaxed ; while the other tenth, grown in the
unrepresented States of the South, is subjected
to a ruinous tax of nearly thirty-three percent,
of the value of the commodity when marketed,
and that entirely at the expense of the pro-
ducer.
Again, it must be remembered that the pop-
ulation of the South is less than one to three
of the entire country. By the census of 1860,
which, as the cotton tax laws were passed prior
to the census of 1870, may betaken'as our guide,
we find that the population of the northern
States was 22,341,756 ; of the eleven cotton-
producing States, 9,103,333 ; that the value of
the property of the northern States in 1860
was $10,757,450,961; the value of the prop-
erty in the eleven cotton:prodocing States was
$5,402,165,107, less slaves made free by the
war and which were included in the valua-
tions of property in the census of 1860. Here,
then, under a .Constitution established, as its
authors believed, upon the basis of perfect
equality of benefits and burdens to the people
of the entire country, we have this singular
state of affairs: the agricultural population of
one section, included in a population' of, say,
nine million people, owning property to the
value of less than live billion dollars, pay-
ing a tax upon their produce amounting to
$60,000,000 ; while the agricultural population
of the other section, included in a population
of twenty-two millions, and owning property
to the value of nearly eleven billions of money,
producing nine times as much in value annu-
ally, pays not one cent.
I leave the question of the uniformity of
the duty, impost, or excise upon cotton, and
the consequent constitutionality of the law
imposing the same, to the House and to the
country.
The third proposition made in my opening
is that if the cotton tax were to be considered
a direct tax, it was not apportioned among
the several States according to their numbers.
Upon this point I do not deem it necessary to
make an extended argument. Congress in
imposing this tax did not intend to lay a direct
tax. They made no provision for its appor-
tionment among the several States, and treated
it throughout as a duty, impost, or excise, and
under the decisions of our Supreme Court in
Hylton vs. The United States, (3 Dallas, 177,)
Pacific Insurance Company vs. Soule, (7 Wal-
lace, 434,) and Veazie Bank vs. Fenno, (8
Wallace, 533,) it is perhaps the proper con-
struction of the Constitution upon the subject.
The substance of the rulings by the courts
may be summed up in the following proposi-
tion, "that in the practical construction of the
Constitution by Congress direct taxes have
been limited to taxes on land and appurte-
nances and taxes on polls or capitation taxes."
But while the courts have established this rule
arbitrarily, it is undoubtedly the fact that this
tax had all the effects of a direct tax as laid
down by writers upon political economy. It
fell ultimately upon the tax-payer without
opportunity of reimbursement. Some polit-
ical writers denominate a tax upon raw pro-
duce as an indirect tax upon the ground that
the tax-payer may add the amount of the tax
to the price of the commodity, and thus reim-
burse himself and throw the ultimate burden
of the particular duty upon the consumer.
This may be true where there is first a home
market and no competition from foreign pro-
duce controlling the market, or, when such
competition exists, a reciprocating tariff pro-
tects the home producers and throws the con-
trol of the market into their hands.
Second, when the commodity taxed is pro-
duced only in the country where the tax is
laid, as tea in China, or to some extent to-
bacco in the United States. Where the pro-
duce finds a foreign market, and the ruling
prices in that market are formed upon the
competition of similar produce from other
countries, that is, upon the demand and sup-
ply, independent of the cost of production in
any particular portion of the world, it is evi-
dent that a tax upon the product must fall
