2260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
triot of Columbia, the sum of $443 10, that
being the amount paid by the firm to B. P.
Gallaher, a paymaster, of the Navy, on account
of a draft drawn by him, September 4, 1861,
as such paymaster, on the Assistant Treasurer
of the United States at New York, for the sum
of $1,500, payable to himself or bearer, and
indorsed by him, and sold and delivered to
the firm, who placed to his credit on their
books the full amount; which draft was pro-
tested for non-payment by reason of the orders
of the Secretary of the Navy, Gallaher having
become a defaulter, and payment having been
made by the firm before notice of such defal-
cation.
Mr. HOWE. The Senate will observe that
this bill is reported adversely. It was placed
on the Calendar at the request of the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Pratt,] who, I believe,
does not acquiesce in the report of the com-
mittee.
Mr. PRATT. I was going to suggest to
the chairman that as the bill will lead to
some debate, and there are a great many
other eases on the Calendar undisposed of,
I am willing to let it be passed over for the
present.
Mr. HOWE. I acquiesce in that suggestion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over if there be no objection.
james a. waymire.
Mr HO'WE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 841.
The bill (S. No. 841) for the relief of James
A. Waymire, late a second lieutenant of com-
pany M, first cavalry United States Army,
was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It directs the Pay-
master General of the United States Array
to pay to James A. Waymire the pay and
emoluments of a second lieutenant of cav-
alry, from the_ 27th of February, 18G7, the
date of his assignment to active duty, to the
3d of April, 1807, the date of his commis-
sion.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
loyai. citizens of loudoun county.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 200.
_ The bill (S. No. 200) for the relief of loyal
citizens of Loudoun county, Virginia, therein
named, was considered by the Senate as iu
Committee of the Whole.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The names
of the beneficiaries will be omitted iu the
reading of the bill if there be no objection, as
the list is very long.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill,
which directs the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to certain loyal citizens of Loudoun county,
Virginia, who are named, in consideration of
their property destroyed by tire by the mili-
tary authorities of the United States in con-
formity with an order of Major Genera! Sheri-
dan, dated November 27, 18G4, the sum of
§109,223 24, the amount to be paid to each
person being spi cified in detail.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is there a report in that
case ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) There is a report. Does
the Senator desire to have it read V
Mr. SUEUMAN. I should like to hear it.
Mr. HOWE. I can state what the question
is in less time than the report can be read.
There are iwo bills here providing for making
compensation to a large number of citizens of
Loudoun county, Virginia. They belong to the
Society of Fiiends—I believe the whole or
nearly the whole of them. One of the bills is
to pay for property, for buildings burned down
and destroyed under tbq ordar qs Gcueral
Sheridan for the purpose of devastating the
valley and making it uninhabitable by the
enemy, and the other is to pay for property
which was taken under the same order, stock,
grain, forage, and the like, and appropriated
to the use of the Army.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I will state
in addition to what the chairman of the com-
mittee has said that a portion of this property,
that is, the stock, was driven to York, Penn-
sylvania, and there sold, and the proceeds
placed in the Treasury.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. HOWE. I now move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 850.
The bill (S. No. 850) proving for the pay-
ment to loyal citizens of Loudoun county, Vir-
ginia, therein named, for their property taken
by the military authorities of the United
States, was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to certain loyal citizens of Loudoun county,
Virginia, who are named, in consideration of
their live stock seized by the military author-
ities of the United States, in conformity with
an order of Major General Sheridan, dated
November 27, 1864, and partly slaughtered
and used by the armies of the United States,
and partly sold, and the proceeds of sale paid
into the Treasury of the United States, the
sum of $61,821 13, the payment to each indi-
vidual being specifically stated.
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
francis a. gibbons.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 873.
The bill (S. No. 873) for the relief of Fran-
cis A. Gibbons was read a second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to Francis A. Gibbons the sum of $20,000, in
full satisfaction and discharge of his claim for
additional compensation for the construction
of a building for the use of the Agricultural
Department.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
cowan and dickinson.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senatebill No. 90.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 96) for
the relief of Cowan & Dickinson, of linox-
ville, Tennessee. It appropriates from the
Treasury of the United States the sum of
$64,128, and directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay that sum to the firm of Cowan
& Dickinson, of'Knoxville, Tennessee, in fulf
compensation for two hundred and fifty-six
bales of cotton belonging to them, seized and
takeu by order of General Bumside, on the
17th and 18th days of November, 1863, and
used in the fortifications for the defense of
Knoxville and the Army, at the time of the
assault by the forces under General Loug-
street, ami the subsequent seizure of that city,
and of which cotton the firm have been
wholly deprived.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
claims of northern creditors.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 100.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 160)
relative to claims of certain northern creditors.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask that that bill
be rfccomwitted the committee for the pur-
pose of having a statement made before the
committee in reference to it.
Mr. PRATT. As I understand from my
honorable friend, he wishes to have this bill
recommitted for the purpose of changing the
form of the bill so that this distribution shall
be .made by the Secretary of the Treasury
instead of the Court of Claims, as the bill
provides. I will say to the honorable Senator
that that question was fully consideied in the
committee, and there is not much prospect of
a change of opinion. Still, personally, I have
no objection to the bill being recommitted if
he or any of the creditors or representatives
of the creditors wish to appear before the
committee iu order to make an argument in
the case.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I have no personal
objection to the bill being passed; but at the
suggestion of a gentleman who is an agent for
the creditors, and who is very desirous to have
the question submitted in another form, and
thinks it can be adjusted by the Treasury
Department, and thinks he can make it satis-
factory to the committee, I make the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on recommitting the bill to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
bark a 1.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 196.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to cousiderthe bill (S. No. 196J for
the relief of the owners of the bark Al. It
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to the owners of the bark A 1, lost on the
Indian ocean in the year 1864, the sum of
$7,808 52, in full compensation for all iosses
sustained by them, the officers and crew of the
vessel, in consequence of the seizure made of
the bark in December, 1803, and the impris-
onment of the officers and crew in Fort Mifflin
by order of General Cadwalader, and her sub-
sequent seizure in January, 1864, by the mar-
shal of the eastern district of Pennsylvania,
and for the detention of the vessel from her
voyage for the period of fifty-two days, and
the loss of the ship stores, and in full com-
pensation of all other losses x-esulting from
such seizure and detention.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, andpassed.
minerva lewis.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 95.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 95) for
the relief of Minerva Lewis, as administratrix
of the estate of Ezekiel Lewis, deceased. It,
proposes to require the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Mmerva Lewis, as administratrix
of the estate of Ezekiel Lewis, deceased,
$10,000, in full compensation for the steamer
Admiral, belonging to the deceased, cap-
tured by the rebel authorities and recaptured
by the gun-boat flotilla at the fail of Island
No. 10, and turned over by the fleet to the
land forces for use as a transport, and lost
while in the service of the United States as
such transport.
The Committee on Claims reported the bill
with an amendment, which was in line six, to
strikeout "$10,000" and insert 11 $5,000
and after the words "compensation for," to
insert "the use by the United States of."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was coucurx-ed in. The
bill vvas ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
l. merchant and company.
Mr. HOWE. I now ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No, 190, *
