1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
469
as soon as the facts were brought to the Com-
missioner's attention.
Again, sir, if the opinion of the Commis-
sioner of Pensions is in all eases to be our
guide in this House, and if the Committee on
Invalid Pensions have no right to review a case
which has been before him without additional
testimony, as suggested by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Potter,] there is no neces-
sity for any Committee on Invalid Pensions,
because the additional testimony may just as
well be presented at the Pension Office as here.
Mr. POTTER. The Committee on Invalid
Pensions is designed to act upon cases which
do not come within the letter of the law, but
in which there are special equitable grounds
for relief; not, as I conceive, to review the facts
in cases regularly examined and rejected by
the Commissioner.
Mr. MOORE. I yield for a moment to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.]
Mr. BANKS. There is an injustice done
in these cases which ought to be remedied.
The Pension Bureau is governed by informa-
tion derived from secret agents, so that the
data upon which the judgment is based can
never be reached. Thus men are frequently
deprived of their pensions upon statements
which could be disproved by irrefutable testi-
mony if we knew what those statements were.
I think that the agents of the Pension Bureau
do in many cases very great injustice. Hence
the necessity in some instances that we should
consider these cases upon testimony produced
by the claimants themselves.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I move to
amend the bill by striking_ out the words
"and to continue during her widowhood." The
introduction of those words was an error on
the part of the gentleman who drew the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MOORE. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say
a word in reply to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. L. Myers.] He says that when
the surgeons or mustering officers of the Army
muster in a man they thereby certify to his
soundness, and we have 'no right to go back
of their decision. I agree that this is so m the
case of a man killed in battle, for in such a
case the evidence of the man having perished
in the service is conclusive. But where a man
goes through the service and comes out alive,
the case is quite different. There is not a man
upon this floor who has commanded in the
Army but knows there were thousands of cases
where men with all sorts of diseases were hur-
riedly mustered into the service and found in a
few weeks entirely unfit for duty, and who had
to be mustered out; the mustering officers had
not done their duty, or there was something
about the men they could not discover.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Supposesuch a man
was mustered in, and his death was occasioned
by exposure in the service ; that from the dis-
eases of the camp or field ho died, is not his
widow entitled to a pension ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will put that
case in a moment. When a man knows him-
self to have entered the service, not as a sound
man, but having in his system the seeds ot
disease, which must inevitably bring about nis
early death, such a man moist, by all the r.l\ ^
of equity and justice, be ruled out as entitled
to a pension, because of dying of his old dis-
ease, and not of any disease contracted m the
service
Mr. BIGGS. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman a question. . ,,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I cannot yield
just now. It has been so from the beginning
of the Government up to the present tune.
Men have gone into the Army with cancer
ready to develop into early death, of which the
surgeon at the time of his mustering them in
knew nothing, and they have been discharged
in a few weeks when the disability was .ound
out Frequently such men have obtained pen-
sions. I am the last man in the world to say
a word against voting pensions to all persons
who deserve them. But I wish to say to the
House that more frauds are being perpetrated
on the Government by claim agents in different
portions of the country than from almost any
other single source. A distinguished physician
told me within the last few months that he
has known of a score of cases where certifi-
cates have been improperly given in reference
to the condition of health of parties before
they entered the Army. He himself has been
asked to make such certificates, and has mvari-
'ably refused to do so.
Mr. MOORE. The gentleman from Ohio
asked me to yield to him for Due moment, and
he is now taking up our whole time.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Ohio is upon the floor in his own
right. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
offered an amendment, which was voted on
by the House, and that took the gentleman
from Illinois off the floor.
Mr. MOORE. The gentleman from Ohio
appealed to me to yield to him the floor. I
had been yielding to other gentlemen right
along, holding the floor myself, and when the
gentleman from Ohio asked me to yield to him
I did so, and the Chair recognized him.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Illinois yielded to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to offer an amendment,
which was voted 011, and by the rules of the
House that took the-gentleman from Illinois
off the floor. The gentleman from Ohio .was
then recognized.
Mr. MOORE. I ask the gentleman, then,
to yield to me.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will in half a
minute, and that half minute I will use in say-
ing this: the committee has brought to us no
evidence that this man incurred his disability
while in the Army. It has not brought before
us any papers, any evidence, any statement of
any expert, or indeed the statement of any one,
to show that this man died from the effects of
disease contracted in the service. These gen-
tlemen of the committee merely state that they
think this man was sound when he went into
the service, and not sound when he came out.
This is not the case of a man killed in the
service. He was mustered out of the service,
and two years after he was mustered out he
died of disease. This committee has simply
said to us, and the report covers only two
thirds of a page, that in their opinion the man
was sound when ho went into the service,
and unsound when he came out. I ask rhe
House whether that is the kind of evidence
by which we ought to determine a question of
this kind? .
Mr. MOORE. i will just repeat what! said
before in regard to this case. From the proof
which was before the committee, we, the entire
committee, nine members, by unanimous con-
sent, decided that it was sufficient to show this
pension ought to be granted. Now, that testi-
mony goes to show that this man contracted in
the service the disease which was the cause of
his death. .
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Where 13 the
testimony ?
Mr. MOORE. Does the gentleman from
Ohio expect the committee should bring in all
the testimony and read it to the House ? When
we make up a summary of the testimony, and
state the facts, which have been proved, I do
not think the House ought to ask any more ot
any committee. . ,
Mr. DICKEY. The testimony is at the
Clerk's desk. .
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let us hear it.
Mr. MOORE. We assert that the man con-
tracted the disease of which he died in the
seivice. I take it upon myself to say to the
gentleman that he cannot draw any distinction
between a man killed in the service and a man
absolutely proved to have died from disease
contracted in the service. The law makes the
same liberal provision for both cases." It makes
no distinction.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Where is the
evidence?
Mr. MOORE. We report unanimously our
conclusion from the testimony before the com-
mittee that the disease of which this man died
was contracted in the service. The affidavits
are all here. I do not think it necessary to
multiply words on this case. I therefore move
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the hill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
okder of business.
Mr. PALMER. I rise to report a bill from
the Committee on Appropriations, but yield
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. L.
Myers,] who desires to introduce a bill for
reference.
iron steam ice-boats.
Mr. L. MYERS, by unanimousconsent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1069) to exempt the
iioii steam ice-boats constructed by the city of
Philadelphia from the inspection required by
the act of February 28, 1871, entitled '' An act
to provide for the better security of life on
board of vessels propelled 111 whole or in part
by steam, and for other purposes which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee 011 Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
order op" ist7siness,
Mr. PALMER. I yield for a moment to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shellabarger.]
Mr. MOORE. I would ask if the House
would consent, after, these bills are reported
for reference, lhat the Committee on Invalid
Pensions shall go on with its reports?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The com-
mittee is entitled to the floor against these
requests for unanimous consent, it they insist
upon it. It is only the motion of the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. Palmer] which can term-
inate the morning-hour business.
post office appropriation bill.
Mr. PALMER, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported a bill (H. R. No.
1070) making appropriations for the sorvice
of the Post Ollice Department for the year
ending June 30, 1873 ; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. PALMER. I move that the bill be
printed and referred to the Committee of the
Whole 011 the state of the Union, and that it
be made a special order for Wednesday of
next week after the morning hour, and from
day to day thereafter until disposed of.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I reserve all points
of order on the bill.
PENSIONS APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CLARKE, of New York, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, reported a bill (H.
R. No. 1071) making appropriations for the
payment of invalid and other pennons of the
United States for the year ending June 30,
1873 ; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. CLARKE, of New York. I move that
the bill be printed and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and that it be made a special order for Thurs-
day next after the morning hour, and from day
to day thereafter until disposed of
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to reserve all points of order on this bill.
