1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3157
files of the House papers in the case of Julius
Sprandel.
Mr. B. F. MEYERS, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave to withdraw from the files of the
House papers in the case of Daniel B. Zim-
merman.
Mr. LOWE, by unanimous consent, obtained
leave to withdraw from the files of the House
papers in the case of William 0. Ridden.
Mr. SUTHERLAND, by unanimous con-
sent, obtained leave to withdraw from the files
of the House papers in the case of Robert R.
Selden.
bickfokd and stanley.
The SPEAKER, byunaniraous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior in relation to the
claim of Messrs. Bickford and Stanley on
account of depredations committed by Chey-
enne Indians in 1864; which was referred to
the Committee of Claims.
james g. fields.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War in relation to the
claim of James G. Fields for extra compen-
sation as paymaster's clerk; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
customs collector, alexandria district.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, trans-
mitting the draft of a bill to increase the com-
pensation of the collector of customs for the
district of Alexandria ; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
military tost in utaii.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, in relation to an
appropriation for the establishment of a mili-
tary post near the town of Beaver City, Utah
Territory ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
indian home guards.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior, in answer
to a resolution of the House of December 11,
1871, in relation to the payment of bounties,
back pay, and pensions to the first, second,
and third regiments of Indian home guards ;
which was referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
smithsonian report.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the following concurrent
resolution of the Senate ; which was referred
under the law to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concur-
ring,) That twelve thousand five hundred additional
copies of the report of the Smithsonian Institution
for the year 1871 be printed; two thousand five hun-
dred of which shall be for the use of the Senate, five
thousand for the use of the House, and five thou-
sand for the use of the institution: Provided, That
the aggregate number of pages of said report shall
not exceed four hundred and fifty, and that there
shall be no illustrations except those furnished by
the Smithsonian Institution.
agricultural convention, etc.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House the following con-
current resolution of the Senate ; which was
referred under the law to the Committee on
Printing:
_ Resolved by (he Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring.) That there be printed twenty-one
thousand additional copies of the report of the pro-
ceedings of the convention of delegates from agri-
cultural colleges, State agricultural societies, &o.,
held in the city of Washington on the 15th, 16ch,
and 17th of February, 1872, and communicated to
the Senate by the Commissioner of Agriculture, of
which five hundred copies shall he for the use of the
Senate, six thousand for the use of the House, and
fourteen thousand five hundred copies for the use of
the Commissioner of Agriculture, of which one hun-
dred copies shall be supplied to each delegate to the
convention.
tariff bill.
Mr. DAWES. I now renew my motion
that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union to proceed to
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 2322)
to reduce duties on imports and to reduce
internal taxes, and for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Scofield in the chair,) and
proceeded to the consideration of the bill
(H. R. No. 2322) to reduce duties on imports
and to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. Under the order of the
House the committee now proceeds to the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 2322) to
reduce duties on imports and to reduce
internal taxes, and for other purposes.
The Clerk read as follows :
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
seniativesof the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That on and after the 1st day of Jan-
uary,!^, m lieu of the duties heretofore imposed
by law on the articles hereinafter enumerated or
provided for, imported from foreign countries, there
shall be levied, collected, and paid the following
duties and rates of duty, that is to say.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, in order to
save time—
Mr. DAWES. I move to strike out the fol-
lowing:
On teas of all kinds, ten cents per pound. On
coffee of all kinds, two cents per pound.
Mr. KELLEY. In order to save time and
to test the sense of the House 
Mr. DAWES. Let us get this out first.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. What is the
question ?
Mr. KELLEY. In order to test the sense of
the House and to save time, 1 move to strike
out the enacting clause of the bill.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. What is the
question before the committee ?
The CHAIRMAN. The motion to strike
out the enacting clause of the bill.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. What be-
comes of the motion of the gentleman from
Massachusetts ?
The CHAIRMAN. The motion to strike
out the enacting clause takes precedence.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Who had
the floor first?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Massachusetts had the floor first, and was
recognized.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I propose to
make some remarks on the amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. KELLEY. My motion is not debatable.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Massachusetts took his seat, and the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania moved to strike out
the enacting clause of the bill.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Cannot I,
under the rules, discuss the amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts to strike ont
tea and coffee ?
The CHAIRMAN. Not under the rules.
The motion of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania is not debatable, and takes precedence
over a motion to amend.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Amotion to strike
out the first paragraph was made by the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and not withdrawn.
The CHAIRMAN. So the Chair under-
stands.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. And is pending now?
The CHAIRMAN. Yes; but pending that
motion the gentleman from Pennsylvania
moved to strike out the enacting clause, and
that motion, under the rules, has first to be
put.
Mr. COX. I make the point of order that
the motion ol thegentleman from Pennsylvania
is not germane to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Certainly it
is not germane.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion to strike
out the enacting clause must be first voted on,
for the reason if the enacting clause is stricken
out all the amendments to the bill will be lost.
When a substitute to a bill is moved, amend-
ments to the original text must be first voted
on, but, although amendments may be pend-
ing, a motion to strike out the enacting clause
takes precedence, and must be first voted on.
Mr. COX. With all submission to the Chair,
must not the vote be first taken on the amend-
ment of thegentleman from Massaehuselts?
The CHAIRMAN. The rule is express
that when a motion to strike out the enacting
clause is made, although amendments may be
pending, the question must be first taken on
the motion to strike out the enacting clause.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. What is the
effect of striking out the enacting clause?
The CHAIRMAN. The effect will be that
the committee will immediately rise, without
motion even, and report that fact to the
House.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. And the
whole bill will be killed.
The CHAIRMAN. If the report of the
Committee of the Whole be concurred in such
will be the effect of the motion.
Mr. DAWES. When the report of the
Committee of the Whole comes before the
House, will it be in order to move to recom-
mit with instructions?
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will report
the rule of the House.
The Clerk read as follows:
" A motion to strike out the enacting words of
a bill shall have precedence of a motion to amend ;
and if carried shall be considered equivalent to its
rejection. Whenever a bill is reported from a Com-
mittee of the Whole, with a recommendation to
strike out the enacting words, and such recommend-
ation is disagreed to by the House, the bill shall
stand recommitted to the said committee without
further action by the House."
Mr. FINKELNBURG. _ I suggest to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania t. at the question
had better be taken on the motion of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, who has been
instructed to move to strike out the paragraphs
in reference to tea and coffee.
Mr. KELLEY. I adhere to my motion.
Mr. COX. Would it be in order to debate
the motion of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Dawes,] to strike out the paragraph
relating to tea.
The CHAIRMAN. If the motion to strike
out the enacting clause should be lost, the
motion made by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] will be in order, and
will then be debatable.
The question being taken on Mr. Kelley's
motion to strike out the enacting clause of
the bill, there were—ayes 90, noes 75.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Brooks , of
New York, and Mr. Kelley were appointed.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I would
inquire if it is in order to have a call of the
House, and to send to the circus for a good
many of the members who are there. [Laugh-
ter.]
Several Members. Too late 1
The CHAIRMAN. A motion for a call of
the House is not in order in Committee of the
Whole.
The tellers having taken their places, the
Committee again divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 95, noes 75.
So the motion that the committee rise was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Sco-
