1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4053
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments made
as in Committee of (he Whole, with the excep-
tion of those specifically reserved.
The amendments were concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheSecre-
tary will now read the first reserved amend-
ment..
The Chief Clerk. The first reserved
amendment is in the first section, lines nine,
ten, and eleven, to insert:
On all slack coal or culm, or such as will pass
through a half-inch screen, forty cents per ton of
twenty-eight bushels, eighty pounds to the bushol.
Mr. BOREMAN. I wish to amend this. I
move to strike out the words " slack coal or,"
so as to read :
Ouall culm coal or such as-will pass through a
half-inch screen, forty cents per ton of twenty-eight
bushels, eighty pounds to the bushel.
Culm is a word that is understood, and
has been understood in the tariff law for many
years, as will be seen by a refereneq to the
old tariff laws, and we shall not be misled by
the use of that term. " The term " slack coal"
that is put in here is a new phraseology, the
extent of which is not understood, and I am
informed by those who are advised on the sub-
ject that it will lead to fraud; that under that
phraseology one half pf the coal that is im-
ported into this country will come in under a
duty of forty cents a ton instead of seventy-
five cents as is imposed by the next provision.
I ask the Senate to strike that out and leave
the language "as in the old law which I have
before me in which the term " culm" is;used,
and under the present law the duty is twenty-
five per cent. That is my first amendment. I
have another amendment to propose directly.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER,. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from West Virginia to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected; there being, oa a division—ayes
17, noes 26.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Before pro-
ceeding to the next amendment the Chair will
request Senators who have reserved amend-
ments to send to the desk the page and line,
as it is impossible for the Secretary to keep
the run of them unless he has some memoran-
dum.
Mr. BOREMAN. I move to strike out the
word "or," in line nine, after the word "culm;"
and I have a word to say upon this amendment.
It will be seen that this paragraph is very artifi-
cially drawn. It is evidently drawn for the pur-
pose of inducing the reader to believe that none
of the coal mentioned in this section will be sub-
jected to the forty cents per ton duty, but I think
on a fair reading it will be found to mean this:
that on all slack coal or culm, without regard to
its size, the duty shall be only forty cents per
ton.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is culm ?
Mr. BOREMAN. It is a sort of coal of
peculiar character subject to some chemical
process that I do npt understand.
Mr. SHERMAN. It strikes me that the
word "or" there ought to be stricken out,
and the criticism of the Senator from West
Virginia seems to me to be just, because if
culm means coal of a larger size than goes
through a screen of the size mentioned, it
evidently was not the intention to allow it to
come in under this clause. I ask the Senator
from Vermont to explain it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The very
word itself means comminuted coal, and can-
not be any other.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then the word "or"
ought to be stricken out after " coal."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
pending motion.
Mr. BOREMAN. I do not know that I
have anything further to say except to repeat
the idea that, if I understand the reading of
this paragraph, it will allow all slack coal to
come in under this duty without regard to the
size of the coal, and you may import under
this provision of the bill thousands of tons of
coal under the head of "slack coal" which
will not be subjected to the size of screen
mentioned in this section. Now, it may have
been the purpose of the draftsman to say that
no slack or culm should come in under this
that would pass through this screen——
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think my
friend from West Virginia is unduly sensitive
on this subject. Slack coal would bestillfiner
than culm. It is a mere powder, and the culm
is in particles, broken pieces at the end of the
mouth of the pit.
Mr. BOREMAN. Then it can do no harm
to strike out the word " or."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I see no
objection to it.
Mr.' BOREMAN. If that is done, it will be
plainly understood that the duty on all slack
and culm such as will pass through a half-inch
screen will be forty cents. If that is agreed
to, I have nothing more to say.
Mr. THURMAN. As the paragraph now
reads either the word "or" should be stricken
out or the word "coal" should be inserted
after the word "such." The grammatical
construction of the sentence as it now stands
is this: "on all slack coal or culm, or such
coal or-culm." The words "coal or culm"
are understood after the word "such." It
seems to me the intention of the committee is
that the slack coal must be that which will
pass through a halt-inch screen and the culm
must be that which will pass through a half-
inch screen. If that is the intention, then the
amendment offered by the Senator from West
"Virginia is perfectly proper, and is absolutely
essential to make good sense of the paragraph.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the amendment
as amended.
Mr. SCOTT. I wish this matter to be dis-
tinctly understood. Slack coal, as it is popularly
-understood, is coal which has no lumps in it
at all; it is effectually pulverized. Culm is a
species of fossil coal as it is described in the
dictionary, or as the Senator from Vermont
says comminuted coal or broken up coal.
Now, it is not desired that slack coal, such as
would be suitable in making gas, for instance,
shall come in under this definition at forty
cents per ton. The object is to admit only
that which is slack coal or that culm or fossil
coal which will pass through a half inch
screen. I wish it distinctly understood that
this slack coal here means just what is said,
slack coal; and that no coal is to come in that
will pass through a half-inch screen unless it
is that which is known as culm.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will say to
the Senator that what is known as culm is
always that which is broken up in small par-
ticles at the mouth of the mine where it is
handled and broken up, trodden by carriages
and the like, broken up into small pieces.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment as
amended.
The amendment as amended was concurred
in.
The next reserved amendment was on page
4, after line seventy-five of section one, to
insert " on white and red lead, dried or ground
in oil, two and one fourth cents per pound."
Mr. SHERMAN. I voted for this amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois, but I am
satisfied from information communicated to
me that it is at least a quarter of a cent too
low. If he will accept an amendment making
it two and a half cents I am willing to vote for
it, although the parties interested complain
that even that is entirely too low. I think he
has reduced it too much in proportion to the
raw article. If it is put at two and a half
cents, I think it will be about right. _
Mr. LOGAN. I have no objection to the
suggestion of the Senator. I made it in pro-
portion to the duty on lead.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it ought not to
be less than two and a half cents. I move to
amend the amendment by making it two and
a half cents.
Mr. SCOTT. I intended.to propose that it
should be two and three quarter cents, because
the information which I have is that this is a
disproportionate reduction. It is fully twenty-
five per cent, upon this article instead of ten
per cent, which is the reduction from many
others. It is now three cents, and taking off
one half cent is a reduction of fully twenty-
five per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. The answer to that is
that the raw material is also largely reduced,
and I think this will make it in about the
same proportion. I think they can stand a
duty of two and a half cents.
Mr. SCOTT. I move to amend the amend-
ment by making it two and three quarter
cents.
Mr. SHERMAN. That will not be a redac-
tion of ten per cent. The duty is three cents
now. To reduce it ten per cent, would make
it two and seven-tenths cents. It is nearer a
reduction of ten per cent, than two and a half
cents,, but it is not ten per cent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am opposed
to the amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania. While the amendment, as proposed
by the Seuator from Illinois, was a yery close
approximation to the amount of reduction
upon the raw material, and perhaps a little too
close, the amendment proposed by the Sena-
tor from Ohio is plenty enough and leaves the
proportion fair between the manufacturer and
the consumer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The amend-
ment of the Senator from Pennsylvania is not
now in order, as it is an amendment in the
third degree. The first question in order is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio
to the amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole, substituting two and a half cents
for two and a quarter cents.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was concurred
in.
The next reserved amendment was on. page
5, line fifteen of section two, to insertthe word
" like " before the word "animals."
The PRESIDING OFFICER, ,(Mr. An-
thony.) Let that amendment be passed for
the present, if the Senator from Ohio is
willing.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
The next reserved amendment was on page
5, line fifteen of section two, after the word
"animals" to strike out the following pro-
viso:
Provided, That on all wools'of the first class, de-
fined by law and known as clothing wools, there
shall be levied, collected, and paid ninety per cent,
of the duty now imposed by law.
Mr. CORBETT. Before the question is
taken on concurring in that amendment, I
move to strike out the words " ninety per cent,
of;" so that it will read:
Provided, That on all wools of the first class, de-
fined by law and known as clothing wools, there
shall be levied, collected, and paid the duty now
imposed by law.
That wdl leave the present duty upon that
class of wool.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The Senator from Ore-
gon moves to amend this clause before the
question is taken on concurring in the amend-
ment striking it out.
Mr. SHERMAN. In other words, that is a
refusal to reduce the duty on wools when you
reduce the duty on woolens, because the great
quantity of wools brought into the country
consists of wools of the first class; and although
I live in one of the largest, if not the largest,
wool-growing State in the Union, I should not
like to vote for a reduction upon everything
