4054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
etse but the production of the people of my
own State.
Mr. CORBETT. This amendment will re-
tain the present duty on the great mass of wool
that is produced in this country. It will still
give the opportunity of bringing in the coarse
wools that are necessary for blankets and other
purposes at the proposed reduction of ten per
cent. It will protect' the great mass of wool-
growers of this country, and it is a very im-
portant interest. It affects almost every sec-
tion of the country. I have had many letters
urgently requesting that there should be no
reduction on this class of wools.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to ask the
chairthan of the committee what is the neces-
sity for this proviso at all?
Mr. SHERMAN. The proviso was put in
4n the House before they adopted the ten per
cent, reduction.
Mr. THURMAN. It is perfect surplusage
and perfect nonsense.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the committee is to strike it out.
Mr. SHERMAN. But the Senator from
Oregon proposes to change it into a very im-
portant reservation.
■ Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I have
looked into this question of wool. As was
stated' by my colleague, Ohio is one of the
greatest, if not the greatest, wool-growing
State in.the Union. I looked at the-question
to see whether the duty on wool was as high
as the average duty upon articles manufac-
tured from wool and the average duties of the
tariff generally. I found it was, and there-
fore, voting as I have done upon salt and coal,
-which are also products of Ohio, I shall stand
by the report of the committee and vote for
this reduction and against the motion of the
Senator from Oregon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon.
The amendment to the amendment was
refected.
The amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole was concurred in.
Mr. ANTHONY. In this section there was
an amendment passed over at my request in-
serting the word " like," in line fifteen, before
"the word "animals." The same wordshould
also be inserted in line thirteen, after the word
"and," so as to read "and other like ani-
mals." I understand that this clause may be
so construed as to admit horse hair. I pro-
pose to make it read " on all wools, hair of
the alpaca goat and other like animals."
There is a good deal of horse hair imported
into this country for the manufacture of hair
cloth.
Mr. NYE. Is the horse an alpaca goat ?
[Laughter.]
Mr. ANTHONY. No; and therefore we
wish to insert the word "like" before the
word " animals," and then it will not include
horses.
Mr. SHERMAN. Do you want it in or
not?
Mr. SPRAGUB. We want it in.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the word
" like" be inserted before the word "and" in
line thirteen.
Mr. CORBEfT. It is there now.
Mr. ANTHONY. No, it is in line fifteen ;
but I desire to have it inserted in line thirteen.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Rhode Island, to insertin line thirteen, on page
5, before the word "and," the word "like,"
so as to read : " on all wools, hair of the alpaca
goat and other like animals."
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose the Senator
means to say that the manufacturers of hair-
cloth cannot stand the reduction often per cent.
We increased the duty for them about two
years ago, and I think they ought to share the
.same fate with all other manufacturers. It does
Seem to me it is not right to make an exception
in their favor now when two years ago we made
an exception in their favor and gave them all
they wanted. Now you are making a reduc-
tion all around, and they ought to be willing to
bear their share of the reduction. I do not
know that it is very important, but the effect
of the amendment is to except hair-clotli3 and
goods made of hair from the ten per cent,
reduction.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is already excepted.
I want to exclude the raw material also. The
bill reads "and all manufactures wholly or
in part of wool or hair of the alpaca goat aud
other like animals." Now we want the raw
material just above to be subjected to the
same reduction as the manufactured article.
Mr. SHERMAN. The word "like" was
struck out in the Senate. It is true the com-
mittee reported to insert it on the represent-
ation no doubt of interested parlies, that the
word "like" was very important, but the
committee changed their opinion about it and
thought we ought to make no exception.
Mr. ANTHONY. The committee put in
the word "like" in line fifteen.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, I know, but we dis-
agreed to it in open Senate; we withdrew it,
in other words.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. My impres-
sion is that the Senator from Rhode Island
has not read the beginning of this section.
This section merely provides that there shall
be a reduction of ten per cent, in the duties
on the goods named in it. The raw material
is not included here at all.
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, it is; the raw
material and the manufactured article are
both provided for in lines thirteen and four-
teen.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The raw
material to which the Senator refers is not
"included here at all, but will be found on
page 26.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to make an in-
quiry of the committee iu regard to this
matter. This clause reads, "on all wools,
hair of the alpaca goat and other animal's."
The effect of that is that ninety per cent, of
the present duty is to be imposed on all wool
or all hair of the alpaca goat and other ani-
mals; that is, on all hair of other animals.
Mr. ANTHONY. Horse hair, for instance.
Mr. THURMAN. That is general, on all
hair of other animals. Now, when I turn to
page 26 of the bill I find on the free list:
Hair, all horse, cattle, and hog, cleaned or un-
cleaned, drawn or undrawn—
I do not lmow what that means—
but unmanufactured.
Hair of hogs, curled, for beds and mattresses.
So that-the hair of all animals nearly that I
can think of, unless it is the camel, is taxed
on page 5 ninety per cent, of the present
duties,'and on page 26 is put on the free list.
I should like to have some explanation of
that.
Mr. SHERMAN. The explanation is that
some hairs are not on the free list. The dif-
ference between hair and wool I leave to my
colleage to find out by reference to a diction-
,ary. in the case of the angora goat, for
instance, it is called hair, although really I
suppose it is wool; and so the very fiuest
camel's hair is probably as fine as the finest
wool.
Mr. THURMAN. Litie thirteen of page 5,
reads: "on all wools, hair of the alpaca
goat and other animals." It does not say
"like animals;" it does when you come to
the manufactures; but upon the hair itself,
the raw material, it includes all hair of all
animals whatsoever.
Mr. SHERMAN. No.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, it does.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my colleague will
look at the free list, on page 26, he will
see that the hair admitted duty free is horse
hair, cattle hair, and hog hair, cleaned or un-
cleaned, drawn or undrawn, but unmanufac-
tured, and the hair of hogs, curled, for beds
and mattresses; but, as a matter of course, we
do not admit free the hair of the angora goat,
or camel's hair, or fine hair. He will see
that there are some hairs that are not on the
ff66 list.
Mr. THURMAN. My point is that the
words "other animals," in line thirteen, page
5, include every animal on the face of the
globe except the alpaca goat.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know; but that is
including the hairs of other animals. The
free list only extends to certain animals.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let me suggest to the Sen-
ator from Ohio to add the words " except as
hereinafter provided." That would make it
harmonious and certainly do no harm.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection, so
far' as I am concerned, to inserting the word
"like" if the Senator from Rhode Island
really thinks this industry cannot bear the
reduction proposed.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is certainly a repug-
nance and inconsistency in the two parts of
this bill. The first section provides, "all
wools, hair of the alpaca goat and other ani-
mals," shall pay such a duty; but when you
turn to the free list, it says that certain kinds
of hair shall be free.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no inconsistency
in that whatever.
Mr. HAMLIN. Very well; I will not press
the amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. The suggestion of the
Senator from Maine accomplishes the object
I had in view.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine has withdrawn it.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I renew it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island moves to amend by
inserting the words " exeept as hereinafter
provided."
Mr. ANTHONY. Has the Senator from
Ohio any objection to that?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
it if the Senator thinks it will make it any
cl6&f6P«
The iPRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection that amendment will be inserted
in line fourteen on the fifth page of the bill,
and the amendment made as in.Committee of
the Whole will be regarded as concurred in.
Mr. CLAYTON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont I hope we
shall finish this bill to-night.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us get through with
the bill while we are on the way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arkansas moves that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness, which motion is not debatable,
Mr. CAMERON. I trust we shall go into
executive session. There are a number of
reports to be made.
.The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 18, noes 32.
• Mr. SHERMAN. I propose that we go
right on with the bill without a recess and
finish it.
Mr. 1RUMBULL. That is the right way.
Mr. CAMERON. This is one of those bills
that will work itself through. Let us get
through with the ordinary business of execu-
tive session.
Mr. CLAYTON. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion for an executive session.
["Nol" "No!"] ,
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 27 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Caldwell, Cameron,
Chandler, Clayton, Corbptt, Ferry of Connecticut,
ierry ol Michigan, llanagan, Harlan, Hitchcock,
Kellogg, Morton, JSTye, Pomeroy, Pool, ltamsey.
Robertson, and Tipton—20.
. iMAih—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Blair, Buck-
ingham, Gasserly, Cooper, Eenton, (Joldthwaite,
llauulton ot Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, John-
ston, Kelly, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
