1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4055
Vermont, Norwood. Ransom, Sawyer, Schurz, Sher-
man, Sprague, Stockton, Sumner, Thurmim, Trum-
bull, Viekers, and West—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Boreujan, Brownlow, Carpen-
ter, Cole, Conkling, Cragin. Davis of Kentucky,
I>avis of West Virginia. Edmunds, Frelinghuysen,
Gilbert, Hamlin, Hill, Howe, Logan. Oaborn, Pat-
terson, Pratt, Rice. Saalsbury. Scott, Spencer, Ste-
venson, Stewart, Wilson, Windoin, and Wright—27.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. I move that at five o'clock
the Senate take a recess until half past seven
o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is a question about
which I have no feeling myself; I am willing
that the Senate shall determine it.
Mr. MORTON. I merely desire to take
the sense of the Senate upon it.
The motion was not agreed to; there being
on a division—ayes 2-5, noes 27.
The next reserved amendment was on page
6, after line thirty-five of section two, to insert
the following clause:
On all paper and manufactures of paper, except-
ing books and other printed matter not herein spe-
cifically provided for: Provided, That the duty on
printing paper, whether sized or unsized, shall be
equal and twenty-two and a half per cent, ad
valorem.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have asked to have
that amendment reserved, because as the
amendment now stands it is inconsistent. I
will offer as a substitute fur that provision the
following:
On all paper and manufactures of papernotberoin
specifically provided for, excepting books and other
printed matter.
Then on page 11, line seventy-four, I pro-
pose to insert:
On all sized or glued paper suitable only for print-
ing paper, twenty-five per cent, ad valorem.
I do not offer this as my opinion. The Sen-
ate have decided the question, and I feel bound
by their decision, except that I have made it
twenty-five per cent., being the same rate at
which books are admitted.
Mr. LOGAN. If the Senator will put that
down to twenty-two and a half per cent.,
placing the duty below that on books, which
is the principle we have been fighting for, I
shall have no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have put it down to
the same duty, as many books are printed on
unsized as well as sized paper. However, it
is for the Senate to determine.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not wish to discuss it,
but I am satisfied the Senator is mistaken.
Mr. SHERMAN. I consider myself bound
by the vote of the Seriate on this subject the
other day, aiid I offer this amendment to carry
it out and to make the action of the Senate
consistent.
Mr. LOGAN. I am willing to make the
distinction I suggested to the Senator as to
paper, leaving the unsized paper at the present
duty and the otherattwenty-twoand a half per
cent., wh,ich would equalize it, and I think
would be a fairer way of disposing of it than to
put tliis paper on an equality with books.
Mr. SHERMAN. In the first place, I object
to such a duty as twenty-two and a halt'per
cent. A duty should not be put in a fraction.
Mr. LOGAN. Make it twenty-two percent.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 think twenty-five per
cent, is about right. Let us-take the sense of
the Senate upon it.
Mr. LOGAN. The difficulty is this : the
reduction of the ten per cent, on the twenty-
five per cent on books reduces that duty to
twenty-two and a half per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. The ten per cent, reduc-
tion will be on thirty-five per cent. The effect
of this then will be to reduce sized paper from
thirty-one and a half down to twenty-five per
cent., and I think the Senate ought to agree
to it.
Mr. LOGAN. I will strike off the half per
cent>, or move that as an amendment, to make
it even. I do not want to discuss it. I will
leave it to the Senate to decide.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio, which will be reported.
The Chief Clekk. It is proposed to modify
the^amendment -made as in Committee of the
Whole, so as to make it read :
On all paper and manufactures of paper, not
herein specifically provided for, excepting books
and other printed matter.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the ten per cent,
list, and then the other clause will come in on
page 11.
Mr. CASSERLY. Are we now to vote on
the amendment just stated?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On the
amendment just reported.
Mr. CASSERLY. That is the very same
amendment we adapted in committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. Except that the amend-
ment about sized paper is put in another place.
This is the ten per cent, reduction.
Mr. CASSERLY. I reserved the amend-
ment so far as it related to books and other
printed matter because I wished to take the
sense of the Senate once more as to whether
books should not, like other articles, bear their
share of the ten per cent, reduction in this
section. The change of the single word " in-
cluding" to "excepting" of course presents
the point. I do not know a single reason, cer
tainly none has been urged here, why books
should not take their share of this reduction.
Iron take3 its share, wool takes its share, leather
takes its share, and a large number of other
articles, as the advertisements say, too tedious
to enumerate. 1 propose to non-concur in the
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on
Finance reported to reduce the duty on books
ljke everything else; but the Senate determ-
ined, on the ground that the book trade in this
country was suffering very severely and being
ruined by the importation of foreign books, not
to do so, and I offer this amendment in
conformity to the decision of the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. What I propose to do is
something that I think the Senator from Ohio
will agree that I have the right to do ; that is,
having reserved the amendment for the further
consideration of the Senate, I propose to non-
concur in the amendment; or, if that be not
the proper way, to strike out "excepting,"
and replace the word "including."
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to call the atten-
tion of my friend from California to the fact
that non-concurring in the amendment will not
do. That will leave the law precisely as it now
stands. This was an amendment offered by
the Committee on Finance. It was amended,
and as amended agreed to in Committee of the
Whole. Now, to non-concur in that amend-
ment would leave "the law just as it stands.
The way to get at the thing is to move to strike
out "excepting" and insert "including."
Mr. CASSERLY. I stated that as the other
alternative, which might be the proper way.
I wish to say now that I am very glacT to be
reminded that "including books" was the
provision as reported from the Committee on
Finance as its deliberate judgment. That was
struck out in Committee of the ^lole, and the
word "excepting" substituted. There was
no real debate about it. It was put in, I
think, when the attention of the Senate was
not fixed on the subject. The judgment of
the Committee on Finance, I think, is much
more to be relied upon than a vote taken in
Committee of'the Whole under such circum-
stances. I hope, therefore, that while other
great interests are bearing their share of this
very desirable reduction of duties, books will
consent, or, at all events, will not be released
from bearing their share. We shall in that
way do something toward reducing or light-
ening the tax upon knowledge.
The PRESIDING _ OFFICER. Will the
Senator from California state his amendment 1
Mr. CASSERLY. I move to strike out the
word "excepting" and insert "including"
in- liae thirty-seven.
Mr. THUBMAN. You should offer that
to the amendment of my colleague.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am taking the language
as delivered from the desk by the Clerk* He
read the first part of the amendmeut on jpage
6, lines thirty-six, thirty-seven, and thirty-
eight by itself, leaving the paper question to
come up subsequently; and I suppose my
motion as made will be correct.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to Call the atten-
tion of my friend from California to the way
the thing now stands. My colleague moves a
substitute for the amendment which was agreed
to in committee, and now the motion of my
friend from California is to amend the amend-
ment offered by my colleague by striking out
the word "excepting" and inserting the word
" including."
Mr. CASSERLY. If I understood myself,
that is what I did. I did not refer to it in terms
as the amendment of the Senator from Ohio
accepted in committee or sustained ia com-
mittee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The-amend-
ment will be again reported, so that Senators
may understand how the question stands.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment! made
as in Committee of the Whole was to insert
after line thirty-five, on page 6—
On all paper and manufactures of paper5, except-
ing books and other printed matter not herem spe-
cifically provided for: Provided, That the duty on
printing paper, whether sized or unsized, shall be
twenty-two and a half per cent, advulorem.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now read my amendment.
The Chief Clerk, It is proposed to amend
that amendment by striking it all out and
inserting—
On all paper and manufactures of paper nothefein
apecificaily provided for, excepting books and other
matter.
Mr. THURMAN. Now the motion of the
Senator from California is to strike out the
word "excepting" in the amendment offered
by my colleague and insert "including." *
Mr. SCOTT. If the Senators have arrived
at an understanding as to what they desire to
get at, I wish to say a word on the question as
presented.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state the question. The amendment of
the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] is an
amendment to an amendment, and therefore
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
California is an amendment in the third degree
and not admissible.
Mr. SHERMAN. I take it when we are act-
ing on these amendments the original amend-
ment is itself the text of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is so
in bills passing from one House to the other,
but not in considering bills in the Senate that
have been amended as in Committee of* the
Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. As a matter of eourse,
if the Senate do not want to reduce thetax on
books they will vote against my amendment,
and that will be the same thing.
Mr. SCOTT. The two amendments taken
together that are offered by the Senator from
Ohio bring before us again the question of
the duty on books and the duty on paper.
The discussion upon these two questions did,
I thiuk, very clearly satisfy the Senate that
with the existing duty on paper, the duty on
books was not high enough for the reason that
the duty upon the manufactured article, upon
books, was lower than the duty upon paper,
the duty on sized paper being thirty-five per
cent, and the duty on books only twenty-five
per cent. Now the proposal of the Senator
from Ohio is to make the duty on foreign
paper twenty-five per cent. The amendment
which the Senate adopted, offered by the Sen-
ator from Illinois, [Mr. Looan,] really makes
no duty at all, as I understand it. It does mot
say it shall be twenty-two and a half per cent.,
but it shall be equal to twenty-two aada-half
per cent. Let that be as it may, what Lsash
to get at is this: when it is clear that printing
