t -
11872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3159
¥
Butler, .Roderick R. Butler, Cobb, Coburn, Conger,
Creely, Crocker, Darrall, Dawes. Duel!, Eaincs,
EUtotr, Fanvell, Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster,
Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garfield, Getz, Goodrich,
Griffith. Haidem;in, Hale, H.tlhey, Harrner, Harper,
Gerry W. ilazelton. Hill, Hoar, Houghton, Keliey,
Keilogs?, Kercham, Kiilinger, Lansing. Leach, May-
nard, McClelland, McGrew, Mercur, Merriam. Ben-
aaiin F. Mevers, Monroe, Morey, Leonard Myers,
Packard, Pucker, Palmer. Isaac C. Parker, Peck,
Pendieton, Perce, Peters, Poland, Prindle, Rainey,
Randall, Ellis li. Roberts, Rogers, Rusk, Sargent,
Sawyer, Scofield, Soeley, Sessions, Sheldon, Sher-
wood, Shoemaker, H. Boardinan Smith, John A.
Smith, Wortlnngton C, Smith, Snapp, Snyder, R.
Milton Speer, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Storm,
Stoughton, Strong, St. John, Sutherland, Svpher,
Taft'e, Washington Townsend, Twicheli, Upson,
\v..kuna.n, Walden, Walls, Warren, Wheeler,
Wheeler, Willard, Williams of Indiana, and John
T. Wilson—108.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Barry. Biggs, Austin
Blf.ir, Buckley, Campbell, Carroll, Wiiiiam T. Clark,
Freeman Clarke, Cocchlan, Davis, De Large, Dickoy,
Du Bose, Forker, Garrett, Hambleton, Hancock,
Gt-onre E. Harris, John T. Harris, Havens, Hays,
John W. Ha^elton, Hoiman, Hooper. Kinsella, Lam-
port, Lewis, Lynch, Mnnson, McJunkin, McKee,
Mitchell, Moore, Morphia, Nogley, Niblack, Aaron
F. Perry, Piatt, Porter. Shellabarger, Shober, Sloss,
Starkwoather,Stevcns,Stowel I. Swann, Thomas,Van
Trump, Waldron, Wallace, Wells, and Young—52.
So the amendment of Mr. Finkelnburg was
not agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. NEGLEY said: Mr. Hambleton, of
Maryland, when he left the city by leave of
the House, did not anticipate that any vote
upon this bill would be taken before he re-
turned. He requested me to obtain a pair for
him, but I have not been able to do so, and
therefore I will pair with hira myself. Mr.
Hambleton, if present, would vote uav" on
this motion, and I would vote "no."
Mr. BECK. I desire to state that Mr.
Lewis, ray colleague, is detained from the
House by sickness; if present he would vote
"ay."
Mr. BIGGS. I am paired with Mr. Hazel-
ton, of New Jersey. If present he would vote
"no," and 1 would vote '• ay."
Mr. fSVVANN. 1 am paired with Mr. Dickey,
of Pennsylvania, who, if present, would vote
"no," while I wouil vote "ay."
Mr. CLAHK, of Texas. I am paired with
Mr. Garrett, of Tennessee. If present he
would vote "ay," while i would voie " no."
Mr. SU CIIERLAND. I am paired with
Mr. Manson, of Indi-ma, ou all questions con-
nected wiih the tariff, if present he would
vote "ay" on thivS question, and I would vote
"no."
The question recurred upon the substitute
moved by Mr. Dawes for trie instructions
moved by Mr. Kelley, which substitute was
in effect, io i educe the tat iff on the aitieles
named ten per c^nt. from ike existing rates.
Mr. JiALDEMAN and Mr. COX called for
the yeas aud nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and ihere were—
yeas 111, nays 77, not voting 62; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams. Archer. Arthur, Averill,
Barnum, Jjeatty, Beck, Beveridgc, Bigby, Bird,
Braxton, Bright, James Brooks, Bulhnton, Bur-
chard, Caldwell, Coburn. Coghlan, Comingo, Con-
ner, Cotton, Cox, Crev?, Crircher, CrogsJaud, Dawes,
Donnan. Dox, Duko, Bunnell, Eldredge, Ely, Farns-
worth. Finkeinburg, Frye. Garfieid, Getz, Golladay,
Goodrich, Haldeuaan, Hale, Handley, Hanks. Ha-
vens, ilawley, Hay, Gerry W Ilazelton, Hereford,
Herndon, Hibbard, Kondsill, Kerr, Ketcham, King,
Lamison, Lowe, Marsh-ill, McCormick, McCrary,
McHenry, McIntyre.McKinney, MoNeely, Merrick,
Benjamin P. Meyers, Morgan, Orr, Packard, Pal-
mer, HoseaW. Parker, Pcrce, Eii Perry. Peters,
Potter, Price, Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice,
Ritcnie, Ellis II Roberts, Wiiiiam R. Roberts,
Roosevelt, Rusk, Shanks, Slater, Sloeura, Worrh-
in^ton C. Smith. Snyder, Thomas J. Speer, Ste-
venson. Storm, Stoughton. Strong. Terry, Dwight
Townsend, Turner, TutMil, Twioheil, Tyner,
Vaughan, Voorhees, Walden, Warren, Wheeler,
Whiteley, Wbitthorne, Williams of Indiana, Wil-
liams oi New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, Win-
chester, and Wood—111.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker. Ames, Banks, Barber,
Bell, Bingham, Boles. George M. Brooks, Burdett,
Roderick R. Butler, Conger, Creely, Crocker, Dar-
rall. Duell. Eames. Elliott, Earwell, Charles Foster,
Henry D. Poster, Wilder D. Foster, Griffith, Halsey,
Harmer, Harper, Hill, Iloar. Houghton, Kelley,
Kellogg, Kiilinger, Lamport, Lansing, Leach, May-
nard, McClelland, McGrew, Mercur, Merriam, Mon-
roe, Morey, Leonard Myers, Packer. Isaac C. Par-
ker, Peck, Pendleton, Piatt, Poland, ' Prindle,
Rainey, Randall, Rogers, Sargent. Sawyer, Scofield,
Seeley, Sessions. Sheldon, Sherwood. Shoemaker,
H. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Snapp. R.
Milton Sneer, Sprague, Stowell, St. John, Sypher,
Taffe, Waehington Townsend, Upson, Waddell,
Wakeman, Wallace, Walls, Willard, and John T.
Wilson—77.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Barry, Biggs,
Austin Blair, James G. Blair, Buckley, Benjamin
F. Butler, Campbell, Carroll, William T. Clark,
Freeman Olarko, Cobb, Davis, De Large, Dickey,
l)a Bose, Forker. Garrett, Hambleton, Hancock,
George E. Harris, John T. Harris, Hays, John W.
Hazelton, Holinan, Hooper, Kinsella, Lewis, Lynch,
Manson, McJunkin, MeKee, Mitchell, Moore, Mor-
phis, Negley, Niblack. Aaron F.Perry,Porter, Rob-
inson, Shellabarger, Shober, Sloss, Starkweather,
Stevens, Sutherland, Swann, Thomas, Van Trump,
Waldron, Wells, and Young—52.
So the substitute was agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. SWANN said: On this question I
am paired with Mr. Dickey, of Pennsylvania,
who , if present, would vote "no,': while I
would vote " ay."
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I am paired with
Mr. Mansos, of Indiana, who, if present,
would vote " ay,:' and I would vote " no."
Mr. DAWES. I desire to state that Mr.
Hooper, my colleague, is absent on account
of serious illness.
Mr. AMBLER. On this question I am
paired with Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts.
If here, he would vote for and I against the
pending motion.
Mr. BIGGS. On this question I am paired
with Mr. Hazelton, of New Jersey, who, if
present, would vote ''no," and I would vote
•' ay."
Mr. KERR. I desire to state that Mr. Hol-
man, my colleague, is detained from the House
by illness. If present he would vote "ay" 011
this proposition.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. I am paired with
Mr. Gakrett, of Tennessee, who is in favor
of this proposition, and I am opposed to it.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr, KELLEY. I find that a number of
gentlemen have voted under a msapprehen-
sion.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not, pending the
operation of the previous question.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Then I object to
debate.
Mr. KELLEY. I would inquire of the
Chair if the proposition of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] should now be
voted down, would not the question then be
upon my proposition?
The SPEAKER. It would not, because
the proposition of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Kelley] is no longer before
the House, the proposition of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] having
been substituted for it tv the vote just taken.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I think there
has been no mistake, but rather that the coa-
lition which was formed has been broken, the
trade that was made has been bursted.
The SPEAKER. The question now is, will
the House instruct the Committee of Ways
and Means to report buck forthwith the tariff
and internal tax bill with the instructions just
adopted on motion of the gentleman from
Massachusetts? That is the question on which
the previous question is operating.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. If the instructions just, voted should
finally prevail, shall we gn back into the Com-
mittee of the Whole upon the original bill?
The SPEAKER. On the original^ bill, ex-
cept that from line twenty-two, to line three
hundred and seventy-two that which has been
read is substituted for the printed text—the
effect being to make a ten per cent, reduction
on the articles enumerated. The question is |
now on the motion to refer with the mstruc- j
tions as amended on motion of the gentleman 1
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Daaves.] \
The question being taken, there were—ayes
87, noes 71. #
Mr. AMBLER. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 117, nays 75, not
voting 48; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arthur, Averill,
Barnum, Beat.ty, Beck, Beveridge, Bigby, Bird,
James G-. Blair, Braxton, Bright. James Brooks,
Buffinton, Burchard, Benjamin F. Butler, Caldwell.
Coburn, Coghla,n, Comingo, Cotton, Cox, Crebs,
Critcher, Crossland, Dawes, Donnan, Dox, Duke,
Dunnell, Eldredge, Ely, Farnsworth, Finkelnhurg,
Frye, Garfield, Golladay, Goodrich, Haldeman, Hale,
Handley, John T. Harris, Havens, Ilawley, Hay,
Gerry W. Ilazelton, Hereford, Herndon, Hibbard,
Hoar, Kellogg, Kendall, Kerr, King. Lamison,
Lowe, Marshall, McCormick, McCrary, McHenry,
Molntyre, McNcely, Merrick, Beniamin I:\ Meyers,
Morgan, Orr, Packard, Pfilmnr, Tiosea W. Parker,
Perce, Eli Perry, Peters, Piatt, Potter, Price, Prin-
dle, Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice. Ritchie,
Ellis H. Roberts, William R. Roberts, Robinson,
Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Shanks. Sheldon, Slater,
Sloeum, Worthington C. Smith, Thomas J. Speer,
Stevens. Stevenson, Storm, Stoughtou, Strong, Sy-
pher, Taffe, Terry, Dwight Townsend, Turner, Tut-
hill, Twicheli, Tyner. Vaughan, Walden, Warren.
Wheeler, Whiteley, Whitthorne, Williams of Indi-
ana, Williams of New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson,
Winchester, and Wood—117.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Ames, Banks,
Barber, Bell, Bingham, Austin Blair, Boles, George
M. Brooks, Burdett, Roderick R. Butler, Cobb,
Conger, Conner. Creely, Crocker, Darrall, Duell,
Eames, Elliott. Farwell, Henry D. Foster, Wilder D.
Foster, Getz. Griffith, Halsey. Hormer, Harper, Hill, «
Houghton, Kellev. Kiilinger. Lamport. Lansing,
Leach, Maynard, McClelland, McGrew, McJunkin,
Mercur, Merriam, Monroe, Morey, Leonard Myers,
Packer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Poland,
Ra,iu.ey, Randall, Rogers, Scotiold, Seeley, Sessions,
Sherwood. Shoemaker, H. Boardman Smith. John
A. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, R. Milton Speer, Sprague,
Starkweather, htoweli, St. John. Washington Town-
send, Upson, Waddell, Wakeman, Wallace, Walls,
Willard. and John T. Wilson—75.
NOT VOTING-—Messrs. Barry, Biggs, Buckley,
Campbell, Carroll. Wiiiiam T. Clark, Freeman
Clarke, Davis, De Large, Dickey, Du Bose, Forker,
Charles Foster, Garrett, Hambleton. Hancock,
Hanks, George E. Harris, Havs, John W. Hazelton,
Holuian, Hooper, Ketcham, Kinsella. Lewis, Lynch,
Manson, McKee, McKinney, Mitchell, Moore. Mor-
phis, Negley, Niblack, Aaron F. Perry, Porter,
Roosevelt, Shellabarger, Shober. Sloss, Sutherland,
Swann, Thomas, Van Trump, Voorhees, Waldron,
Wells, and Young—IB.
So the motiou to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, with instructions,
as amended on motion of Mr. Dawes, was
agreed to.
During the roll-call the follbwing proceed-
ings took place:
Mr. CONNER. I wish to inquire whether
the adoption of these instructions wilt bring
before the House the minority or the msijority
bill?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot answer
a parliamentary inquiry of that kind during
the roll-call.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. On this question I
am paired with the gentleman from Indiana,
Mr. Manson. If he were here he would vote
'■ay," while I should vote "no."
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I desire to
state that during the two preceding roll-calls
[ was absent on a committee of conference.
If I had been here I should have voted in the
affirmative.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. I am paired on
this question with the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, Mr. Garrett, who, if here, would
vote "ay," while 1 should vote " no."
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. DAWES. I move to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also move that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. COX. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] when the
Committee of Ways and Means will probably
report back this bill.
Mr. DAWES. In obedience to the instruc-
tions of the committee, I report back the bill,
now. I presume it must go to the Committee
of the Whole, and resume its original place.
I move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COX. At what time does the gentle-
