1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2263
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
FANNIE M. JACKSON.
Mr. HOWE. I ask unanimous consent, to
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 2042.
The Senate, as in Committee of the "Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 2042)
lor the relief of Fannie M. Jackson, of Ten-
nessee. It proposes to direct the Secretary of
the. Treasury to pay to Fannie M. Jackson, of
the State of' Tennessee, $1,890, being in full
for twelve bales of cotton seized by agents of
the Treasury Department, sold, and the pro-
ceeds covered into the Treasury of the United
States.
The Committee on Claims reported the b'll
with an amendment to strike out "$1,890"
and to insert "$698 50."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
SLUMAN S. BAILEY.
Mr. HOWE. I ask unanimous consent to
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 1288.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No.
1288) for the relief of Sluman S. Bailey, col-
lector of internal revenue for the fouith dis-
trict of Michigan. It authorizes the Secretary
of the Treasury, in adjusting the accounts of
Sluman S. Bailey, collector of internal rev
enue for the fourth district of Michigan, to
credit him with the sum of $1,752 23, bemgthe
amount of money not recovered, whicti was
stolen from the safe of the county treasurer at
Grand Traverse county, Michigan, on the night
of September 23, 1867, and which money was
deposited for safe-keeping therein by Wil-
liam H. Fife, deputy collector of internal rev-
enue, and for which amount Collector Sluman
S. Bailey is responsible to the Treasury of the
United States; but it is to appear that the theft
of the money was without the collusion, privity,
or fault of the collector.
The bill was reported to the Scnare without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, lead
the third time, and passed.
AUGUSTINE BACON.
Mr. HOWE. I ask unanimous consent to
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 528.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (BI. R. No.
528) for the relief of Augustine Bacon. The
Postmaster General is by the bill directed to
pay to Augustine Bacon $437 09, fur services
as route agent on route No. 5074, performed
under appointment by the Postur-ihter Gen-
eral iu 1805 and 1806, which amount is due
him, as appears by the books of the Post
Office Department, and remains unpaid in
consequence ot his inability to take the test-
oath, as prescribed by act of July 2, 1802.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
PUCK, VAN HORN AND COMPANY.
Mr. HOWE. I ask the Senate to proceed
to the consideration of House bill No. 2031.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. JR. No. 2031) for the lelief
of Peck, Van Horn & Co. It directs the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to remit and release to
Peck, Van Horn & Co., of Harrison county,
State oi Kentucky, the internal revenue tax
of fiftv cents a gallon assessed on 23,129 gal-
lons of whisky, in bond in their warehouse
at Cynthiana, 'Kentucky, and before sale de-
stroyed by fire on the 24th day of June, 1869.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
GEORGE II. ltUPP.
Mr. HOWE. I ask the Senate to proceed
to the consideration of House bill No. 1540.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No.
1540) for the relief of George H. Rupp. It
proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to George H. Rupp, of Ohio, or his
legal representative, $100, which payment is
to be in full of his claims for loss ot United
States Paymaster Vrooman's check, No. 4713,
stolen from the United States mails, but never
presented for payment; but before the pay-
ment of the above-named sum, the Secretary
of the Treasury is to requite from Rupp a
sufficient bond of indemnity against the future
pieseutation of the check.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
TESTIMONY FOIl CLAIMS COMMISSION.
Mr. HOWE. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 1149.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whoie, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1149) to author-
ize the commissioners of claims to appoint
special commissioners to take testimony, and
for other purposes. The bill proposes to give
the commissioners of claims authority to up
point special commissioners to lake testimony
to be used in cases pending before them, who
are to have authority to administer oaths and
affirmations, and to take the depositions of
witnesses; but the claimants are to pay the
fees of such special commissioners for taking
the depositions of witnesses called by them ;
but such fees are in no case to exceed five
dollars if the claim is less than $1,000.
The second section provides that any person
who shall knowingly and willfully swear falsely
before the commissioners of claims, or either
of them, or before any special commissioner
appointed by virtue of this act, in any matter
or claim pending before the commissioners,
shall be deemed guilty of perjury, and, on
conviction thereof, shall he punished iu the
same manner prescribed by law in cases of
willful and corrupt perjury.
The third section authorizes the commis-
sioners of Claims to appoint and employ
agents, but not more than three at any tune,
whose'duty it is to be, under the direction and
authority of the commissioners, to investigate
claims pending before them which exceed
$3,000 in amount, to procure evidence, to
secure the attendance of witnesses on be-
half of the Government and to examine
them, to cross examine the witnesses pro-
duced by claimants, and to perform such
other duties as may be required of them by the
commissioners, who may discharge them at
any time. The agents are to be allowed their
actual and necessary traveling expenses; the
expenses paid out in investigating claims,
procuring witnesses, and taking testimony,
and six dollars per day while employed iu the
discharge of their duties; of all which, at the
end of each month, they are to make a state-
ment m detail, specifying the amounts by them
paid out, to whom paid, when and where and
for what puipo.se, and the number of days
employed iu their duties, and are to transmit,
the same, duly certified, to the commissioners.
The fourth section authorizes the eommis-
t-ioners to employ three additional clerks at a
salary of $1,200 per year ; and to employ, at
the usual lates, such assistance for the short-
hand reporter as may be necessary from time
to time ill reporting, copying, and preparing
for Congress the oral testimony taken iu cases
before the commissioners.
The fifth section directs that all the expenses
incurred under the provisions of this act are
to be allowed and paid in the same manner
and out of the same appropriation provided
for in the act organizing the commissioners of
claims, being an act entitled "An act making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending June 30, 1872, and for other
purposes," approved March 8, 1871.
The sixth section makes it the duty of the
commissioners of claims to receive, examine,
and consider the justice and validity of such
claims as shall be brought before them of those
citizens who remained loyal adherents to the
cause and Government of the United States
during the war, for stores or supplies taken or
furnished during the rebellion for the use of
the Navy of the United States, in the same
manner and with the like effect as they are now
required by law to do in the case of stores or
supplies taken or furnished for the use of the
Army.
The Committee on Claims reported the bill
with amendments. The first amendment was
in section one, line ten, to strike out the words
"five dollars" and insert "ten cents per
folio; " so that the proviso will read:
Provided, The claimants shall pay the fees of such
special commissioners for taking the depositions of
witnesses called by them; but such fees shall in no
case exceed ten cents per folio if the claim is less
than SI,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
line five, to strike out the words "which ex-
ceed $3,000 in amount."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the
end of section three the following :
But no claim where the amount exceeds $10,000
shall be examined, decided, and reported by the
commissioners to Congress, except the testimony on
behalf of the claimant in such case shall have been
taken orally before the commissioners or some one
ot them personally, or shall have been taken pre-
vious to the 3d day of March, 1871. to be used in the
Court of Claims or before some Department of the
Government.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in. It was ordered that the amend-
ments be engrossed and the bill read a third
time. The bill was read the third time, and
passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the Indian appro-
priation bill.
Mr. HA&ILIN. This day was assigned, it
is true, to the Committee on Claims, but there
are a variety of other claims reported from
other committees, and I hope the remainder
of this day may be devoted to their considera-
tion. I hope the Senator from California will
not now call up the appropriation bill, but
will call it up just before we adjourn, and let
us have the remainder of to-day to consider
some few other private bills. I think I have
made no request, of the Senate to consider a
bill at this session. There is one private bill
in which a constituent of mine and my col-
league's has a very deep interest, and I wish
t,o ask the Senate to give it consideration.
Mr. CHAG1N. 1 lise to second the sug-
gestion imule by the Senator fiom Maine.
The Committee on Naval Affairs have re-
ported a lew private bills, two or three, which
are very short, and ought to be considered.
We have not consumed any of the time of the
Senate ; we have not asked for a day ; but if
the Senate will give us fifteen, or even ten
t minutes. I think we can pass these two or
; throe bills. 1 think the Senate should give
j us the remainder of this day to dispose of such
I hills.
I Mr. COLE. I have only to remark that 1
! think enough of that character of bills have
! been considered for one day at least,, and we
[ had better postpone the consideration of any
| more of that kind until some other time,
j Mr. CliAGIN. These of mine do not take
j any money out of the Treasury.
