3160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I
man from Massachusetts propose that the dis-
cussion in Committee of the Whole shall
begin?
Mr. DAWES. I propose to move to-mor-
row, immediately after the morning hour, that
the House go into committee for the consid-
eration of this bill.
HOUR OP MEETING TO-MORROW.
Mr. PETERS. As there is to be a session
of the House to-night, I ask unanimous eon-
sent that to-raorrow morning the House meet
at twelve o'clock instead of eleven.
Several members objected.
Mr. COX. I move the House do now
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. An evening session has
been ordered for this evening on business
of the Military Committee, and the gentleman
■will please modify his motion accordingly.
Mr. COX. Certainly.
Mr. DAWES. I now move the House
take are-cess until half past seven o'clock this
evening.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly,
(at three o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. m.)
the House took a recess until half past seven
o'clock p. m.
* EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. COBURN, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported back a bill (S. No. 607)
to establish the pay of the enlisted men of the
Army, with amendments.
The bill, which was read, in the first section
provides ilmt from and alter the 1st day of
March, 1872, the monthly pay of the following
enlisted men of the Army shall, during their
first term of enlistment, be as follows, with the
contingent additions thereto hereinafter pro-
vided : sergeant majors of cavalry, artillery,
and infantry, twenty-three dollars; quarter-
master sergeants of cavalry, artillery, and
infantry, twenty-three dollars; chief trumpet-
ers of cavalry, twenty-two dollars; principal
musicians of artillery and infantry, twenty-two
dollars; saddler sergeants of cavalry, twenty-
two dollars; first sergeants of cavalry, artil-
lery, and infantry, twenty-two dollars; ser-
geants ofcavalry, artillery, and infantry, seven-
teen dollars; corporals of cavali'y and light
artillery, fifteen dollars; corporals of artillery
and infantry, fifteen dollars ; saddlers of cav-
alry, fifteen dollars; blacksmiths and farriers
of cavalry, fifteen dollars; trumpeters of cav-
alry, thirteen dollars; musicians of artillery
and infantry, thirteen dollars ; privates ofcav-
alry, artillery, and infantry, thirteen dollars;
hospital stewards, first class, thirty dollars;
hospital stewards, second class, twenty-two
dollars; hospital stewards, third class, twenty
dollars; ordnance sergeants of posts, twenty-
three dollars; sergeant majors of engineers,
thirty-six do.Uars ; quartermaster sergeants of
engineers, thirty-six dollars; sergeants of
engineers and ordnance, thirty-four dollars;
corporals of engineers and ordnance, twenty
dollars; musicians of engineers, thirteen dol-
lars ; privates (first class) of engineers and
ordnance, seventeen dollars; privates (sec-
ond class) of engineers and ordnance, thirteen
dollars.
The second section provides that to the
rates of pay above established one dollar per
month shall be added for the third year of
enlistment, one dollar more per month for the
fourth year, and one dollar more per month
for the fifth year, making in all three dollars'
increase per month for the last year of the
first enlistment of each enlisted man named
in the first section of this act. But this in-
crease shall be considered as retained pay, and
shall not be paid to the soldier until his
discharge from the service, and shall be for-
feited unless he shall have served honestly and
faithfully to the date of discharge; and all
former laws concerning retained pay for pri-
vates of the Army are hereby rescinded.
The third section provides that all the en-
listed men enumerated in the first section of
this act who have reenlisted or who shall here-
after reenlist under the provisions of the act
of August 4,1854, shall be paid at the rates al-
lowed in the second section of this act to those
serving in the fifth year of their enlistment;
provided that one dollar per month shall be
retained from the pay of the reenlisted men, of
whatever grade named in the first section of
this act, during the whole period of their reen-
listment, to be paid to the soldier on his dis-
charge, but to be forfeited unless he shall have
served honestly and faithfully to the date of
discharge.
The fourth section provides that enlisted
men now in the service shall receive the rates
of pay established in this act, according to the
length of their service, and nothing contained
in this act shall be construed as affecting the
additional monthly pay allowed for reenlist-
ments by the act of August 4, 1854.
The fifth section provides that it shall not be
obligatory upon the enlisted men of the Army
to draw their pay at each payment of the
troops ; and that whenever a soldier has sev-
eral months' pay due he maybe paid the whole
or a part at his option ; but when he draws
only a part, it shall be for the part longest due,
leaving the remainder in the hands of the
Government, for which he shall receive inter-
est at the rate of six per cent, per annum ;
provided that whenever a soldier has pay
thus standing to his credit on the muster-roll
of his troop or company, it shall not be sub-
ject to forfeiture, except for desertion.
The Clerk read the amendments of the com-
mittee as follows:
In lino twenty-eight strike out the words "twen-
ty-three," and insert in lieu thereof the words
" thirty-four;" so itwili lead : " ordnance sergeants
of posts, thirty-i'our dollars."
Strilto out the fifth section of the bill; and strike
out " March " and insert" July."
Mr. COBURN. March has already passed,
and this provides that it shall take effect from
and alter the 1st day of July, 1872.
Mr. Speaker, I wish to say a few words in
in regard to this bill. There i^s here a slight
increase of pay in connection with non-com-
missioned officers; sergeant majors of cavalry,
artillery, and infantry, two dollars a month.
There are but some ten or twelve of each class
in the Army. Quartermaster sergeants of cav-
alry, artillery, and infantry, two dollars ; chief
trumpeters ofcavalry, one dollar; principal
musicians of artillery and infantry, one dollar ;
saddler sergeants of cavalry, one dollar ; first
sergeants of cavalry, artillery, and infantry,
two dollars; corporals of cavalry and light
artillery, one dollar; corporals of artillery
and infantry, two dollars; saddlers of cavalry,
one dollar; musicians of artillery and cavalry,
one dollar; and ordnance sergeants of posts
are increased by the amendment of the com-
mittee about eleven dollars a month. Those
are men in responsible positions. Musicians
of engineers are increased one dollar.
The main object of the bill is to provide
against desertion, one of the great evils of the
Army at present. Enlisted men get out upon
the plains, become dissatisfied, and abandon
the Army. The second and third section re-
late to increase of pay for length of service,
but which is to be forfeited on desertion ;
and the higher rate of retained pay is given
to those who have reenlisted over those who
are serving under their original enlistments.
The object is to retain men in the service; to
get better soldiers, to get veterans. This has
met the approval of the committee, and 1 think
is a very valuable idea in connection with the
attempt to retain soldiers, and especially old
soldiers, in the service.
Section five, which the committee recom-
mend to be stricken out, is in relation to a sys-
tem of deposits that is proposed to be adopted
for the benefit of the soldiers and to prevent
desertion. A separate bill, which the com-
mittee will recommend, provides in a much
more safe and thorough way for the deposit by
soldiers of their pay in the hands of the pay-
master, and that it may be retained till the end
of service and bear four per cent, interest. ln
view of the fact that this very bill is recom-
mended by the committee, they have instructed
me to have section five stricken out. There
can be no question between the two systems.
This bill allows the soldier to draw the money
whenever he pleases. _ The other bill, which
we favor, requires that it shall remain until the
close of his service; aud thus the Government
may have a hold upon him to retain him in
the Army till the end of his term.
Mr. BEATTY. What interest is he to be
allowed?
Mr. COBURN. Four per cent. But that
is not in this bill.
Mr. ARCHER. What will be the additional
expense?
~~ Mr. COBURN. I suppose the additional
expense will not be over $10,000 a year for
the pay of non-commissioned officers.
Mr. RANDALL. Does the appropriation
bill conform to this?
Mr. COBURN. I do not know. As regards
most of these classes of non-commissioned offi-
cers, there are but few to a regiment.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
read a third time ; and it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. COBURN moved to re< onsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table
The latter motion was agreed to.
PREVENTION OE DESERTION.
Mr. COBURN also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with a recommendation that
it do pass with an amendment, the bill (S.
No. 448) to establish a system of deposits to
prevent desertion, and elevate the condition
of the rank and file of the Army.
The bill, which was read, provides that any
enlisted man of the Army may deposit his
savings, in sums of not less than five dollars,
with any Army paymaster, who shall furnish
him a check-book, in which shall be entered
the name of the paymaster and of the sol-
dier, and the amount, date, and place of
such deposit. The money so deposited shall
be accounted for in the same manner as other
public funds, and shall pass to the credit of
the appropriation for the pay of the Army,
and shall not be subject to forfeiture by sen-
tence of court-martial, but shall be forfeited
by desertion, and shall not be permitted to be
paid until final payment on discharge, or to
the heirs or representatives of a deceased sol-
dier, and that such deposits be exempt from
liability for such soldiers' debts; provided
that every paymaster in the Army, before re-
ceiving a deposit of any money under the pro-
visions of this act, shall give to the United
States a bond with two or more sureties, to be
approved by the Secretary of the Treasury in
such sum as he may deem sufficient, with the
condition that the money by such paymaster
received as aforesaid shall be faithfully ac-
counted for as other public moneys in his
hands. Such bonds shall be joint and several,
and may be sued upon in any district or cir-
cuit court of the United States ; and provided
farther, that the Government shall be liable
for the amount deposited to the person so de-
positing the same.
The bill in its second section provides that
for any sums of not less than fifty dollars so
deposited for the period of six months, or
longer, the soldier, on his final discharge,
shall be paid interest at the rate of four per
cent, per annum.
The bill in its third section provides that
