mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 80,
paper will bring in all writing paper, as was
shown to be the case by the arguments hereto-
fore made on the floor of the Senate, we now pro-
pose to reduce the duty on that class of paper, of
writing paper, which can be brought in under
the term "printing paper," from thirty-live per
cent, to twenty-five per cent. Against that
reduetionl protest. I shall move to strike out
"twenty-five" and insert "thirty" percent.,
and then you will be reducing writing paper,
which will come in under this form, more than
tea per cent. It would only be three and a
half per cent, if you reduced it to thirty-one
and a half per cent., and if you reduced it to
thirty per cent., and put books themselves up
to thirty per cent., you would be doing nearer
the right thing. I hope that at least the
amendment offered by the Senator from Ohio,
retailing books where they are, not bringing
them down ten per cent., will be adopted,
and then I shall ask the Senate not to agree to
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio
futting printing paper at twenty five per cent.
think it ought to be thirty per cent, at
least, 80 that the manufacturers of writing
paper in the country will be protected against
the importation of writing paper which will
come in under the term " printing paper."
Mr. SAWYER. I am as anxious as the
Senator from California can be to have as
little tax upon knowledge as possible; yet I
cannot be oblivious to the fact that the book
trade has seriously suffered in the last seven
years from importations of cheap editions of
foreign books. It is a common thing to send
to this country books the first edition of which
has paid all the expense of getting out the
edition, and the second edition of which has
simply,cost the paper and press-work in a
country where both are much cheaper than
they are here. The importations of books into
this country in 1805 were only $289,310.
Under the present tariff they have gone up 
Mr. THURMAN. Do you mean the im-
portations or the duties?
Mr. SAWYER. The entire importation of
books in the year 1865 was $289,310. In 1871
it amounted to $2,313,269, or about nine times
as much. Why was this? Because the labor
in Great Britain and on the continent is so
much lower than it is in the United States.
Compositors in the United States in the year
1860 received from twenty-nine to thirty-one
cents per thousand ems for their services. In
1872 their wages had advanced to a sum vary-
ing from forty-seven to fifty cents per thousand
ems. English compositors in March last were
receiving twenty-live cents per thousand ems,
or about fifty per cent, of the average rat® of
American labor of that kind. American press-
men receive from twenty-two to thirty dollars
per week, and English pressmen doing pre-
cisely the same work reeeive eight dollars per
week.
Now, without the slightest disposition to
put a tax on knowledge, I say that while we
have a protective system on our manufactures
in general it must be understood that an Amer-
ican book is an American manufacture, as well
as is any other manufacture that we have.
We are looking here not to a tax upon the
contents of the book, not to a tax upon the
knowledge that is contained in the book, but
we are looking to the protection of a branch
of mechanical industry; and it seems to me
that if we wish to harmonize our various inter-
ests, we cannot afford to strike down the book
interest in this country any more than we can
the paper interest or the wool interest.
Mr."LOGAN obtained the floor.
Mr. CLAY TON. 1 ask the Senator to yield
to me.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well.
Mr. CLAYTON. I ask the Senator to yield
to me for a moment. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. LOGAN. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The Senator from Illi-
nois has yielded, and the motion is made,
and that is before the Senate.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 18, noes 24.
Mr. CLAYTON. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
take a recess until half past seven o'clock.
Mr. CLAYTON. I have called for the yeas
and nays on my motion to go into executive
session.
The yeas and nayB were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Buckingham,
Caldwell, Cameron, Chandler, Clayton, Colliding,
Corbett, Perry of Michigan, Flanagan, Harlan,
Hitchcock, Kellogg, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool,
Ramsey, Robertson, Stevenson, Stewart, and Tip-
ton—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Blair,'Casserly,
Cole, Cooper, Frelingbuysen, Gilbert, Goldthwaite,
Hamlin, Hill, Johnston, Kelly, Logan, Morrill of
Vermont, Norwood, Ransom, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott.
Sherman, Sprague, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman,
Trumbull, Viclters, and Wilson—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Brownlow, Carpenter,
Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia,
Edmunds, Fenton, Kerry of Connecticut, Hamilton
of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Howe, Lewis,
Morrill of Maine, Morton, Patterson, Pratt, Rice,
Saulsbury, Spencer, West,Windom, and Wright—23.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Illinois is entitled to the floor.
Mr. NYE. Will not the Senator from
Illinois give way?
Mr. LOGAN. For what?
Mr. NYE. I want to make a proposition
to take the sense of the Senate.
Mr. LOGAN. If the Senator wants to
make another motion like that just made, I
will not yield.
Mr. NYE. Ob, no; I wantto ask the Senate
that after the recess we take up two or three
bills from the Committee on Territories and
pass them. They are very short, and will not
take much time.
Mr. SHERMAN. The motion for a recess
has been voted down.
Mr. NYE. These bills have to go to the
House, and it is very essential that they should
be passed. The Senator from Ohio shakes
his head.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will allow
me to get through with this bill I shall not
then object.
Mr. NYE. You have had it up four days ;
I fear it will take four days more; and we
have but three days of the session left.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will help
me out with this, I will help him with his bills.
Mr. CAMERON. I mpve that we take a
recess for two hours. It is after five o'clock
now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think if
we stay right by this bill for one hour we can
close jt.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves that we take a recess
for two hours. The motion is in order, and it
is not debatable.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask unanimous con-
sent to make a remark. I will not occupy
over a minute.
Mr. TIPTON. I object. .
The question being taken, resulted—yeas 17,
nays 31 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Cameron, Clay-
ton, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan. Hamilton of
Texas. Harlan, Hitchcock, Kellogg, Nye, Pomeroy,
Pool, Robertson, Stewait, Tipton, and Wright—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Blair, Bucking-
ham, Caldwell, Casserly, Chandler, Cole, Conkling,
Cooper, Corbett, Fenton, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert,
Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Hill,
Johnston, Logan, Morrill of Vermont, Norwood,
Ramsey, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Sprague, Stock-
ton, Thurman Vicker , and Wilson—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Brownlow, Carpenter,
Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia,
Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Howe, Kelly, Lewis,
Morrill of Maine, Morton, Osborn, Patterson. Pratt,
Ransom, Rice, Saulsbury. Schurz, Spencer, Steven-
son. Sumner. Trumbull, West, and Windom—26.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois is entitled to the floor.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not wish to detain the
Senate but a moment on this question, and I
should like to have it clear so that the Senate
can understand it. My friend the Senator from
Pennsylvania 
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow
me to interrupt him, this does not affect the
question of sized paper at all.
Mr. LOGAN. I understand that. Aslunder-
stand the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio, it is in reference to books.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is in reference to all
paper not specifically provided for.
Mr. LOGAN. And books, &c. The duty
is twenty-five per cent, ad valorem as the law
now stands, but with the reduction of ten per
cent, it will put that duty at twenty-two and a
half per cent, ad valorem. My proposition the
other day was for the purpose of meeting that,
to put all paper for printing purposes on an
ad valorem duty of twenty-two and a half per
cent." in order to make it equal. I will strike
the one half per cent, off or add it, making it
either twenty-two or twenty three; I do not
care as far as that is concerned ; but I want
the Senate to understand this question.
My friend from Pennsylvania says that the
admission of this matter at that rate of duty
may admit all writing paper. He is mistaken
about that. I will not say that I have exam-
ined this question any more thoroughly than
he has, for I have no right to say that. I have
examined it, however, to my own satisfaction,
and I am satisfied that he is mistaken in ref-
erence to that point. I will not detain the
Senate by reading it, but I have a letter here
from paper and book-men in this city, men
who are well known to every person as large
dealers, Philp & Solomons. They say the Sen-
ators who make that statement are mistaken,
that the cost of cutting this sized paper of a
finer quality into writing paper for the pur-
pose of using it as writing paper would be
more than the difference in duty, and no man
could afford to do it. They say the wastage
in cutting would amount to five per cent., and
the cost of cutting would exceed the differ-
ence in the duty, so that no man would pos-
sibly do it. That statement was voluntarily
given to me after the argument the other day.
I am willing to say that I do not know so much as
these men about it, and I take their statement.
I have talked with other paper-men and book-
men, and they all say the same thing.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, if the Senator will
tell me, for I do not know, how does he pro-
pose to prescribe the sized paper that may be
imported as printing paper? Suppose I want
to import printing paper as large as this sheet
[exhibiting a printed bill] or half as large, how
does he provide for that?
Mr. LOGAN. Provide for it just the same
as you provide for everything else; provide
that a duty of twenty per cent., or twenty-two,
or twenty-five, or whatever it may be, shall be
collected on all sized paper used for printing
books, newspapers, pamphlets, or magazines,
just as you have it in the old law; that is all.
You provided in the old law for unsized paper
in that way. The Senator from Ohio awhile
ago said a great many books in this country
were printed on unsized paper. If you look
at the old law, you will see that in the old law
the distinction is this: on all paper, including
wall paper of every character, writing paper,
and everything of the kind, thirty-five pef
cent, ad valorem; and on unsized paper, for
the purpose of printing books, newspapers,
and pamphlets, twenty per cent, ad valorem.
That is the way you have always distinguished
in the law. Is it not as easy to distinguish ifi
reference to one class of printing paper as
another? That is the language of the law,
