2264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California insist on his motion?
Mr. COLE. I thought I would try and get
up the Indian appropriation bill. We can
finish it in a very little time.
Mr. HAMLIN. Take it up in the morning.
Mr. COLE. The Military Committee have
to-morrow—there is the difficulty—and the
next day is mortgaged, and the nextday after
that, and so on through the week. 1 thought
we just had time to finish the appropriation
bill to-night, and I am sure we can finish it
to-night if it is the disposition of the Senate
to go on with business at. this time.
The PRBSipiNG OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
pf Michigan, in the chair.) If the Senator
from California assents, and the Senate assent
also, the Chair will call up the bill indicated
by him before the adjournment this evening,
so as to leaveit the unfinished business.
Mr. HAMLIN. Under that understanding,
I ask the .Senate to take up Senate bill 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is ihat
arrangement assented to by the Senator from
California?
Mr. COLE. I should like to know what
the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs has to say to it.
Mr. HARLAN. There is no member of
this body who would feel more inclined to
oblige the two Senators than I would, but, if
they will recollect for a moment, this Indian
appropriation bill ought to have been passed
weeks ago.
Mr. HAMLIN. I agree to all that, and
certainly I have not obstructed it, as the Sen-
ator knows very well.
Mr. HARLAN. I am sure you have not.
I think we might pass the Indian appropri-
ation bill in a few minutes.
Mr. HAMLIN. I did not suppose the In-
dian appropriation bill would pass the Senate
to-day, and in that view I believed it would
be proper economy to devote the remaining
portion of the day to private bills. That is
what I thought, and that is what I think
now.
Mr. HARLAN. If there can be an under-
standing that the appropriation bill shall be
taken up to-morrow at one o'clock and dis-
posed of before the Senate adjourns to-mor-
row, I should be willing to acquiesce in that.
Mr. CASSEfcLY. I hope my colleague
will be satihed with that. The Printing Com-
mittee has had just one single private bill since
I have been upon it, which has been reported
for two sessions, this session and the last, and
I have never been able to get the floor to call
it up, and 1 hope I may be able to do it to-
day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will inform Senators, however, that to-mor-
row at one o'clock is set apart for the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. COLE. And the next day, and the
next day afier that, I am informed by the
Presiding Officer, are also set apart for some
particular business.
Mr. CRAGIN. I do not suppose there is a
single Senator present who believes that if the
Indian appropriation bill is taken up to-night
any progress will be made with it. Here it is
almost lour o'clock, and no Senator present
believes that that, bill can be passed to-day if
it is taken up. The time will simply be
wasted, m my judgment. I am as anxious as
any one to facilitate business, but it is idle to
take up an appropriation bill at four o'clock.
Mr. COLE. I do not know why it cannot
be disposed of in ten or fifteen minutes. I
do not know really of more than two or three
other amendments to be offered.
Mr. KELLOGG. One Senator has half a
dozen.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Senator from Califor-
nia told me a week ago that he expected to
pass the bill on that very day, and it is not so
near its passage now as it was then.
Mr. COLE. I would have passed it if the
Senator had stood by me then.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
satisfied that the Senator would have passed
the bill that day if he had had his way about
it. [Laughter.] Does the Senator from Cali-
fornia insist on his motion?
Mr. HARLAN. I think the Senate ought
to proceed with the Indian appropriation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California moves that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the Indian
appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1192) making appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes for the year
ending June 30, 1873, and for other purposes,
the pending question being the amendment
of Mr. Wright, on page 58, line fourteen hun-
dred and fourteen, to reduce the appropriation
from S500,000 to $200,000, in the following
clause:
For this amourit, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to purchase subsistence and clothing for
the Teton and other bands of Sioux in the vicinity
of Fort Peck, Montana Territory, and for such other
objects as the Secretary of the Interior may deem
necessaiy and advisable, to promote tlie civilization
and improvement of said Indians, $500,000.
Mr. WRIGHT. I have no purpose to add
anything to what I said on Friday when this
bill was before the Senate. All I desire is
that the Senate shall understand the precise
question before it. I concur with the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations that these
amendments ought to be disposed of with as
little debate as possible. I have moved to strike
out "five" and insert "two," so as to make
the appropriation $200.000 instead of $500,000.
The chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations concurs with me in saying that that is
sufficient, and I think it, is as I said on Friday,
and I trust the Senate will concur in the
amendment.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I understand
the Department think $-500,000 is not too
much, and the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Emcnds,] who is a member of the Committee
on Appropriations, and has given a great deal
of attention to the subject, but who is not here
now, was of opinion that making an appropri-
ation of $200,000 would merely be a waste of
that amount, that the Government must have
the sum that is necessary in order to accom-
plish their purpose with these Indians, which I
understand is rather to feed them and to con-
ciliate them than to fight them. I do not wish
to discuss the amendment, but I think, if we
are going to do anything, we had better stand
by the $500,000.
Mr. SA WYER. I trust this amendment will
not prevail. I do not wish to speak at length
upon it, but I do wish to say that, the state-
ment that we have got to fight these Indians
if we do not make this appropriation is one
that can be justified by every sign that we have, j
Indeed, it is only very recently that General j
Sheridan has made a suggestion to the War
Department that four regiments of infantry
and one of cavalry be sent to that country at
tlif present time to guard against an attack by
the hostile portions of the Teton Sioux. It is
evident, to the Senate and to the country that
the maintaining of one single regiment there
for a year will cost double the amount of this
appropriation, besides the evil influences in
other directions which it may have.
These Indians have never before consented
to a parley a3 to their relations with the set-
tlers. They have always been disposed to be
warlike, and to continue warlike to the United
Sta'es and the people of that region ; but
they are now, after the inclemeut season winch
they have passed through, in a condition of
mind and body when they look upon the pros-
pect of being taken care of another winter by
the United States with a great deal of favor ;
and I believe it is a fact—if I am wrong those
who are better acquainted with the subject will
correct me—that when you once get Indians
into the habit of being taken care of by the
United States, their disposition to go back and
live on Indian fare, such as they find on the
war path, is very much weakened. Once
having got a taste of the creature comforts of
civilization, they are very unwilling to go back
and take their chances at their old modes of
living.
Something has been said in reference to
this matter as to buying a peace from the In-
dians. Sir, I submit that it is simply a ques-
tion whether you will have a peace; and when
we put on that lofty tone and talk about a
great country like ours buying peace of an
Indian tribe, it is very much such a question
as it would be whether you would submit to
an attack by a ferocious beast, or would ward
it off by any means in your power. Were the
question between the United States and_ an
equal nation, were it between the United
States and France, or Germany, or Great
Britain, you might well hold the language
which has been held by some Senators on this
subject, and say it was ignominious and igno-
ble to buy a peace ; but when >ou talk about
buying a peace of an Indian tribe, and speak
of it as humiliating, that is quite another
affair, and the language has no application
whatever in the sense in which it is used.
The simple question for us is, whether we
will do something to keep these bands of In-
dians from attacking our settlers in that sec-
tion of the country, whether we will do some-
thing to keep them in peace and peaceful re-
lations with the men who are going to that
country to settle it and to build up that great
northern thoroughfare through there. It we
do not do this thing, if we do not appropiiate
a large sum of mouey to do this, we shall cer-
tainly be obliged next winter to appropriate a
much larger sum for military purposes without
getting any of the benefits which we should
get. from an appropriation of this character.
When we make this appropriation of $500,-
000, wo must take into account that the trans-
portation of the materials which are to be
taken there is at this moment very expensive,
but when we have compbted the railroad to
that section of country where these bands a;e
found, ihf1 question of transports i ion will as-
sume quite anothercharacter. ltwill be found
that we can transport five times, } es, ten times
the quantity of goods for the same money. If
we appropriate S200.000 now, the chances are
that we shall not get $100,000 of it to the
Indians themselves, even with the b--nt man-
agement and entire honesty and integrity on
tne part of all the agents.
I hope that the amendment of the Senator
from Iowa, which is in direct hostility to the
policy which has been decided upon by the
Government as the correct poiicy with regard
to these and other Indians, will not prevail.
Mr. BLAIR. 1 hope the Senate will concur
in the amendment ottered by the Senator lrom
Iowa, The saying that we must feed thest;
Indians or light them sounds very well, but m
practice, under the policy defended by the
Senator f-om South Carolina, we have to fend
them arid tight them both. We have fed them
during the winter and got them in very much
better condition to fight during the summer.
I hat is the history of this policy. The Indians
are not content to remain un these reMirva-
tions. They always make excuses to leave
their reservations and go uut burning the
buff do. which is dimply an excu^ to g > out
and rob all they meet upon the prame tuid
the mountain I he result of ihc policy which
the Senator advocates, and which this appro-
priation of $500,000 to feed these Indians is
intended to carry out, is simply to feed them
in the winter time, and then when the spring
