W8
THE CONGRESSIONAL G^Qm
March 2,
persons and things. It takes the freeman
from his vicinage, it strips from him the
habiliments of the local law, and its forms,
wiih which' he is familiar, deprives him of
local tribunals, which he is bred to regard
&a and which are his legal sanctuary, and
transports Jiim to the unfamiliar inquisition
and Vexatious and" harassing subtleties and
delays and ruinous expenses of distant and
unfriendly jurisdictions, where his hopes or his
substance perish.
1 This was not so. Why is it so now ? The
Federal system went far enough originally.
Why is it of late so fearfully extended ? The
State judiciary, for the most part the nursery,
had always been the equal in every judicial
attribute of, to say the least, that branch of
the Federal judiciary which is created by law.
Why is it, now, that the latter has been
wedged into every crevice of society in the
States, and the State judiciary snubbed or not,
at the pleasure of any litigant, who is most
respected where he is least known, and who,
hating the justice of the local, invokes on it the
vengeance of the central power? 1 answer,
centralism has broken over the constitutional
barriers, and flooded with abuses the exclu-
sive supremacy of the States within their own
organic limits. And these are the inexorable
results. So excessive lias become its activity.
Itis everywhere. It riots in a sinister ubiquity.
It is never in repose. If suspects everybody.
It pursues everybody. It crushes or it subsi-
dizes. Us smile is fatal to the virtue of the
citizen, or its frown to his safety.
Uave the people forgotten so soon the swift
indignation which swept from power the au-
thors of the alien and sedition laws of 1798-
99? Do they not still feel in their pulse the
fire of that virtuous wrath which consumed the
influence of the party which fathered them?
What would be the language of J eli'erson and
Madison on reading the habeas corpus act of
March 3, 1803? The House and the country
will recollect what it was, when they com-
mented on the enormities of those laws which
went not lialt' so far as this. Would any one,
knowing only the terms of this act, ever sup-
pose that the central is a limited constitutional
government? Never!
By its terms the President is as absolute as
the Sultan. Everywhere, throughout all the
States, his arbitrary order was made complete
absolution for every offense, no matter what its
hue or grade, or whom the absolved, un-
whipped of justice. Before the more motion
of the latter, every State tribunal, civil or
criminal, from the least to the greatest, in-
stantly became as complete a paralytic, in all
its remedial functions, as if lightning had
struck it; both justice and courts contemptu-
ously brushed aside by an agent, made only to
ward off force and fraud from without. And
under the extraordinary act of March 2, 1807,
if the matter in controversy exceeds $500, no
matter what be its nature or circumstances,
any party to the record, no matter whether
plaintiff or defendant, at any stage of the pro-
ceedings, upon mere ex parte petition and affi-
davit, which could not be controverted, how-
ever false and unfounded in its facts, that he
believes he would be unable to obtain justice
in the State court, the latter becomes at once
functus officio, and disappears under the inun-
dation of triumphant encroachment.
Great corporations, huge monopolies, are
everywhere around us, growing up under the
fostering patronage of Federal power, and over-
shadowing individual and State rights. There
never was a time when was more needed the pro-
tection, the remedial justice of the State judi-
ciary, in all its normal wisdom and intrepidity.
But this is precisely the critical juncture which
central power, true to its instinct, seizes, to
extend its encroachments and consolidate its
usurpations. And now, by the act of July 27,
1868, no one of those great corporations is
liable at law, or in equity, for acts of commis-
sion or omission, upon contract or upon tort,
in any State court in this Union, unless it
chooses to submit. Upon its own mere petition,
the already attached jurisdiction of the State
court is instantly paralyzed, and the cause re-
moved to the Federal courts. Of what avail
will it be, that now in the Federal courts is pur-
sued so far as applicable, the law and the evi-
dence of the State whence comes the cause.
What divinity is there in this barrier of sand
which can withstandthegreatfloodof encroach-
ment which has borne down the adamantine pil-
lars of power reserved ? None. It, too, will fall
so soon as its pressure shall be felt. Many
rights, privileges, and immunities, it is true,
are yet tolerated in some States and in some
individuals. But it is toleration, not obedi-
ence ; it is sufferance, not deference. When
their pressure shall be felt their fate will be
sealed. With the pillars of the Constitution,
one by one, they will crumble away. How
often have mankind had the fact slapped in
their faces that centralism obeys no law but
the law of self-preservation 1
There is no mistaking the tendency of things
in the presence of facts such as these. What
a bouudless held of central consolidation of
local power is opened up in these rights and
remedies so alienated from the States and
absorbed by the central Government. When
we recollect that the great judicial tribunal of
the Federal Constitution, yet radiant with the
undimmedlusterof Marshall and of Taney, has
again and again been arrested in its career and
despoiled of its functions by the fiat of power,
what may be the fate of individual and State
rights when antagonized by rapacious corpora-
tions, the favorites, the allies, perhaps the shar-
ers, of central power? For abuseof power by
the local governments the remedy is easy; but
where those integral and isolated sovereignties
are subjugated or usurped, and concentrated
by a combination of the malign evils of mo-
nopoly and tyranny, who shall deliver the
States and people from the dreadful upas of
centralism ?
Let the life tenant of the blood-bought and
incomparable institutions of Washington and
Adams, of Jefferson and Hamilton, of Madi-
son and Franklin, turn over a few more leaves
of the statute-book of their latest successors in
the administration, and behold in the law of
April !), 18(jG, the undisguised central absorp-
tion, direction, administration, and control of
every civil right and remedy of the citizen
throughout all the States : State courts rifled
of their jurisdiction; State constitutions and
statutes broken like withes or brushed aside like
cobwebs; State judicial and ministerial officers,
for discharging their sworn, duty, brauded as
culprits and hunted like hares into penalties
and prison-houses by a countless posse of mar-
shals, minions, and mercenary informers, who
are invested with the authority to call to their
aid the Army and the Navy to make more
effectual this carnival of ruin. In the accents
of conciliation and candor, I ask my country-
men if this is the inheritance prepared for their
posterity by the men of 1776 and 1789 ?
By the solemn and sacred covenants of the
Federal Constitution the qualifications of the
voter were left imbedded, ineradicable and
unfettered, in the local power. The origin-
ators of our system would as soon have put
their swords to their throats, as those qualifica-
tions in central control. They are the heart,
brain, and muscle of local sovereignty, which
without them is a name, is nothing. By the
act of May 31, 1870, and that of February 28,
1871, these, too, are wrenched away from the
mangled and bleeding States.
It will not do to seek to palliate this great
evil by affecting that those acts do not disturb
the power whore it was left, but merely pro-
hibit improper discrimination by the States as
to the persons on whom the privilege of suf-
frage may be conferred. Such is not the posi-
tion of the friends of those measures. Under
the letter and spirit of that act, and the sanc-
tion it rests on, the whole subject of elections
in all the States is centrally absorbed. And
whenever it shall become necessary, if the en-
durance of the people will bear so^much,_the
whole subject will be disposed of with as little
reserve. Said Mr. Madison:
" If it be asked what is to restrain the House of
Representatives from making legal distinctions in
favor of themselves and a particular class of the
society, I answer, the genius of the whole system;
the nature of just and constitutional laws, and,
above all, the vigilant and manly spirit which actu-
ates the people of America; a spirit which nourishes
freedom, and in return is nourished by it. If this
spirit shall ever be so far debased as to tolerate a
law not obligatory on the Legislature as well as the
people, the people wilt be prepared to tolerate any-
thing but liberty."
And said Mr. Hamilton, his great compeer :
" If the Federal Government should overpass the
just bounds of its authority, and make a tyrannical
use of its powers, the people, whose creature it is,
must appeal to the standard they have formed, and
take such mcasuros to redress tho injury done to the
Constitution as the exigency may suggest and pru-
dence justify."
The American governments being founded
in the consent of the governed, the virtue and
intelligence of the people formed the primary
guarantee for obedience to the law. But, super-
added to these, come the constitutional, ra-
tional, and efficacious instrumentalities of the
courts in civil and criminal procedure, to secure
in cases of controversy or non-compliance an
enforced obedience to the law. These respect-
ive guarantees of obedience to law comprise
the only legal methods ever employed by con-
stitutional governments in their dealings with
a non-subjugated constituency. It is this that
is indispensable to civil government, in the
sense in which it is understood here—a gov-
ernment and people at peace with each other.
Otherwise it would not be a government
founded in the consent of the governed, but
would be a government founded in force or
fraud, or both, without any rightful authority
to enforce itself, and which the virtue and
intelligence of the people ought to spurn.
Whenever an entire people become so in-
fatuated or so criminal as to resist all rational
law, there is an end of government among
that people, and their own sufferings are the
only proper incentives for the restoration of
the empire of reason. No one man or set of
men have any right to assert over them a re-
formatory supremacy, and still further degrade
them by scourging them into subjection to arbi-
trary power, the greatest evil which can over-
take a free people. To hold the opposite
opinion would be to hold that the consent of
the governed is not always the indispensable
foundation of all rightful government, and
would furnish a pretext to a usurper or an
oligarchy to put down, as infatuation or crime,
every form of well-founded popular resistance
to oppression, and tend to render impossible
the erection of all forms of free government.
It would place our heroic Revolution in th<
decalogue of crime, and our heroes and sages
in the register of rogues. Instances of indi-
vidual crime, the unhappy blemishes of every
society, of every race and age, are humanely,
justly, and effectually rectified by the lawful
judicatures of crime, and every non-compli-
ance with the rights and remedies of a civil
nature, of the citizen, is effectually remedied
so far as institutions founded in just govern-
ment can do so by constitutional laws enforced
by constitutional courts. These form the em-
pire of reason and of law. They compose the
legitimate authority exercised by local and
Federal power throughout the better era of our
progress. Our statute laws were everywhere
enforced by the lawful authority of the courts;
and the military, kept uniformly subordinate
to the civil power, was heard of only in our
external defense, in the field of glory.
No other instrumentalities, no other meas-
ure of force than those of the civil magistracy,
in time of peace, were lawful or sufferable in
the estimation of our progenitors. To the
civilized world they proclaimed any other ab-
solutely incompatible with their liberty, their
safety, and their happiness, and for the sin-
