1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2265
comes they are in much better condition to go
out and commence their warfare. That is tbe
case in Arizona. Those Indians have been
fed during the winter upon the reservations.
As soon as the spring opens they have taken
to the field and have committed their depre-
dations.
I think the sum proposed by the Senator
from Iowa, $200,000, is ample to try this ex-
periment. 1 think the other sum is enormous
for the purpose for which it is alleged to be
appropriated. In my opinion $200,000 is
ample, and while I do not believe in the
policy, if it is insisted that this policy shall be
carried out, I trust it will bo carried out with
something like economy, and I hope the
amendment of the Senator from Iowa will be
adopted.
Mr. WINDOM. I do not desire to detain
the Senate on this question but a moment.
The Senator from Ohio, not now in his seat,
[Mr. Thurman,] remarked when this amend-
ment. was last under discussion that this was
a very large appropriation to Indians of whom
nobody had heard, or a remark similar to that.
I wish to say that the people of Minnesota
have heard of these Indians. They have un-
fortunately a somewhat intimate acquaintance
with them. These Teton Sioux, for whom we
are raak"1^ this appropriation, are led by a
chief callea Silting Bull, who admits that he
instigated the massacre in Minnesota in 1862,
in which over eight hundred of our people, men,
women, and children, were massacied. 1 there-
fore say 1 have no affection for these Indians;
but I have some regard for the people of Mon-
tana, and if there is any possibility of keeping
these Indians quiet by feeding them, 1 am in
favor of doing it rather than attempting to fight
them again.
Sir, we had a little experience in ouv efforts
to punish these same tribes of Indians in 1864
and 1865, after the massacre in Minnesota.
The military authorities sent a large expedi-
tion into the northwestern region to punish
them, to bring them into subjection, and they
comprised only a small part of the Indians
who are now congregated near Fort Peck. I
will read you a statement, from the Quarter-
master General, made in 18ot>. on tile 7th of
June, in answer to a resolution which I my-
self introduced in the House of Representa-
tives, in which he states that the expense in
18G4 of the Indian expedition was $5,230,000;
in 1805, $1,394,100—over $6,000,000 expend-
ed under the War Department in those two
years in an at tempt to punish only a small part
of the same Indians that we now hope to keep
peaceable by an appiopriation of only $500,-
000. Sir, what was the result of this large ex-
pendituie of over $6,000,000? The esiimato
of the lesult, of the labor shows that about one
Indian was killed for every $2,000,000 ex-
pended, if I recollect the statement aright. I
anj not in favor of that sort of expenditure.
The Indians that we are now providing for
by this amendment, are the braves, the young
fighting men from nearly every one of the
nine bands of Sioux Indians. There are a
portion of these Indians in the southwestern
part of Dakota Territory, who are disposed to
be peaceable. They are gathered on a large
reservation, and the leaders of these bands
desire to maintain peace with the Govern-
ment. But there are in nearly all these In-
dian tribes two classes; those who are for
peace, and the young braves, who are for war ;
and these young braves, finding that they are
umibie to gratify their desire for war on the
reservation, have very largely gone up to this
Fort Peck region, and tlieie are now collected
there some twelve thousand of the very woist
induing on this continent, [do not believe
that five thousand troops can do anything
whatever wiili them. Ttiey are within two
days' march of the border. Suppose you should
overtake them; you have a little skirmish
with them, and they fly across the border
where you cannot follow them, and they come
back again and make their attacks upon the
people of Montana.
Mr. President, this is a question which ap-
peals not to our prejudice against or for the
Indians, bat to our sense of justice in protect-
ing our border people. The people of Mon-
tana ask it. The peace policy which has been
tried, and thus far, 1 think, proven a success,
demands that we make the experiment here;
and let me say to our friends who doubt the
peace policy that there is not on this conti-
nent a more beautiful spot, to try it than with
these Teton Sioux, for if it is successful there,
it willbea successful everywhere else ; for, as I
said a moment ago, they are the very worst
Indians we have. The alternatives are pre-
sented to us either to feed them or to fight
them. I am in favor of feeding them, because
it is far the cheapest. If powder and lead
could be brought to bear upon them I say
here I would infinitely prefer to do it; and
therefore I do not speak out of any affection
for this class of Indians, but simply through a
desire to protect the people on the border
until such time as we can carry our supplies
and munitions of war there and punish them
as they deserve, unless the peace policy does
succeed.
Agent Simmons, whom I think one of the
most worthy Indian agents we have, has been
among these Indians. He reports that the
disposition of Black Moon, one of the chiefs
of these bands, is toward peace ; that Sitting
Bull, who is the successor of lied Cloud, is
for war, but is disposed to listen to the ad-
vances that, are made from the peace portion
of his tribe. I do hope, Mr. President, that
for the sake of saving $500,000 we shall not
put ourselves in a position to spend five or
six millions, as we did in 1864 or 1865, and
leave the unprotected borders of our country
exposed to the devastations of these savage
tribes.
Mr. LOGAK. I rise to ask a question in
regard to these Teton Sioux, and I ask it not
from any knowledge of my own, but from in-
formation that I have received. Is there any
such tribe as the Teton Sioux?
Mr. WINDOM. There is such a tribe as
the Teton Sioux, so named. I do not know
whether "Teton" is the proper name; but
there are about twelve thousand of these In-
dians congregated from all the various tribes
of Sioux in and around Fort. Peck. Whether
"Teton" be the proper name or not, I do
not know; and I think the Indians will not
stand upon the name.
Mr. LOGAN. I presume that is true, and
for the purposes of the appropriation it may
possibly make no difference. I understand
that, this is a proposition to appropriate money
for the benefit of " the Teton Sioux and other
tribes." What other tribes? Other tribes
of the Teton Sioux?
Mr. COLE. I will correct the Senator from
Illinois. This is specifically for the Teton
Sioux ; but there are other appropriations for
"the Sioux of the different tribes," and for
the Sisseton and Wahpeton Sioux, amounting
iu the whole to a very large aggregate.
Mr. WINDOM. This is for the Teton and
other bands of Sioux that are at, this particular
place in Montana named in the clause.
Mr. LOGAN. Now let me make a state-
ment, and then the Senate can see whether
the language here used is proper, and whether
this appropriation can be properly applied.
As I understand it, the Sioux Indians were
heretofore divided; five tubes of the Sioux
remain on the east side of the Missouri river,
and six tribes on the west, side. The tribes
oil the west side are called the Teton Sioux.
The name is not applicable to a tribe, bet to
the whole Sioux Indians of different tribes,
and they were so named from the difference
in dealing with the six tribes and the five tribes.
The five tribes are called the Samou, or some
such name as that, and the others the Tetons.
This appropriation made to the Teton Sioux
is an appropriation made to some six different
tribes. There is, I understand, no such tribe
at alt as the Teton Sioux. My information is
from a man who is well acquainted with these
Indians, and a man who has lived among thero
for a great many years.
Mr. WINDOM. Allow me to suggest, then,
that the Senator move to strike out " Teton,"
and simply provide for Sioux in Montana.
Mr. LOGAN. No. I was merely stating
this in order to learn whether the committee
were acting upon such information in refer-
ence to these Indians as would warrant -an
appropriation of this kind. I must confess
that I have not information m reference to it
myself; but I know that when the term " Teton
Sioux" was read the other day as applicable
to the tribe, though I said nothing, I was of
the opinion then that it was a misapplication
of the term. I afterward went to inquire,
because 1 had a faint lecollection in reference
to it, that led me to make inquiry. I did not
believe theie was such a tribe, and I find that
there is no such a tribe, but the name is appli-
cable to six tribes.
Mi'. WINDOM. I will say to the Senator
that 1 made the inquiry to-day of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs whether this was a
proper description of these Indians, aud he
understands it to be so.
Mr. LOGAN. I would not be governed
very much by that,, for I do not know that his
information is much better than that of any-
body else in view of the short time he has
been connected with the Indian service. I
venture the assertion that the Commissioner
cannot find the name "Teton Sioux" to a sol-
itary tribe in any history of the Indians or iu
any record of his department.
Mr. SAWYlfili. The superintendent of Mon-
tana, Mr. Viall, calls them " Teton Sioux."
The agent, Mr. Simmons, of whom the Sen-
ator from Minnesota has spoken, calls them
" Oncpapa or Teton Sioux."
Mr. LOGAN. It may he that there the
word "Teton" applies to different tribes ; but
to no single tribe. It is a word made oil ac-
count of the name of a certain land or terri-
tory, and it is pronounced differently by the
different tribes, and they have used the word
as applicable to the different tribes, but to no
particular tribe, f do not know anything about
tbe appropriation, whether itis rightor wioug;
but until it is more specific, and made so that
it.can be used properly, I shtiil certainly oppose
it, so far as J am concerned from the informa-
tion I have had, because if you are going to
civilize this tribe with $500,000, you should
make it applicable to somebody that wants
civilization—somebody that needs it. Now,
as 1 understand, it is not applicable to lied
Cloud, inasmuch as he is not within this ter-
ritory. This, 1 understand, is applicable to
the Indians within the 1'euitoiy ot Montana,
lie is outside, although lie governs a very large
number of Sioux Indians, aud they are divided
up into different tribes.
Mr. WINDOM. 1 will say to the Senator
from Illinois that it applies to the bands led
by Black Moon and Silling Bull They need
civilization about as much as anybody.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not doubt that. It
applies to tho'-e in Montana; it applies to
those living within a certain limit. It does
' not app'y i,o all the Sioux. Why not apply
I to all. as they are ail alike in needing civiliza
! t,ion very much? At least 1 heard a story that
1 may relate here iu reference to a portion of
these Indians, those under tied Cloud. You
have been civilizing them tor a few years past,
I believe, and last year under one of ike appro-
piiations you uudeitook to teaeli them some-
thing about culinary matters. So agieat many
camp-ketiles were taken out to lied Cloud's
agency, several handled, and distributed among
the Indians. The Indians did not know what to
