1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
473
Mr. HAZLBTON, of Wisconsin. I should
like to be heard on the proposition which I
desire to offer.
Mr. SNYDER. I will yield for a moment
to allow the gentleman's amendment to be
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike oat all after the word "resolved," and
insert, instead of the words stricken out, the follow-
ing:
That John Edwards is not entitled to further time
in which to take testimony in the contested-eleotion
ease of Thomas Boles vs. John Edwards.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gen-
tleman from Arkansas withdraw his demand
for the previous question to admit that amend-
ment ?
Mr. S'NYDER. I do not. _ I insist on my
demand for the previous question.
Mr. HAWLEY. I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. If the House should now
second the previous question on the resolution
of the gentleman from Arkansas, in that event
can the other side be heard on the question?
The SPEAKER, pro tempore. _ If the House
seconds the demand for the previous question,
it is very evident that nobody can be heard.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question there were—ayes ten.
Mr. SNYDER. I shall not ask the noes to
be counted.
So the previous question was not seconded.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Hazleton] is enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. HAZLETON, of Wisconsin. I desire
to submit a few remarks in reference to this
application, and shall first call the attention,
of the House very briefly to the history of the
case. If 1 can get the attention of the House
for a few minutes, I will not trespass on its
patience.
This application for an extension of time
for the taking of testimony first came before
the Committee of Elections at the spring ses-
sion. At that time the sitting member drew
up a resolution, which was referred to the
Committee of Elections, asking it to take tes-
timony in this case up to the last day of Octo-
ber, 1871. Thatresolution contains this clause:
" that either party to the contest be allowed to
take such evidence at such time as may best
suit their convenience, without notice to the
opposite party." The resolution was presented
in behalf of the sitting member before ho
could possibly have known that the tune
allowed by law would not be adequate to the
necessities of his case. That resolution came
before the Committee of Elections. It was
duly considered, and pending the consider-
ation of that resolution, before a report was
made upon it, the House adjourned. But
subsequently the sitting member had a con-
sultation with the chairman of our committee
before returning to his State. The substance
of that conversation I will not state, because
the sitting member states that he was misun-
derstood in reference to his construction oi the
law, but that such conversation did occur is
not denied.
Now, just here I desire to say that the law
in regard to taking testimony has been set-
tled by a series of decisions in the Committee
of Elections and in this House, it, is the set-
tled and established doctrine that either party,
under the law of 1851, can proceed to the
taking of his testimony, notwithstanding the
other party may be at the same time proceed-
ing with the taking of his testimony. The
sitting member during the sixty days allowed
by law for the taking of his testimony took
not one single step toward securing his testi-
mony to be submitted to the committee; nor
did be take one single step after the time fixed
by law had expired and before the time of the
meeting of Congress. When Congress came
together in December the sitting member pre-
sented another resolution, which was referred
to the Committee of Elections, and that reso-
lution was discussed before the committee.
A decision was rendered by the committee
adverse to his claim, and I was unanimously
authorized to report the result of the action
of the committee to the House. That report
was laid upon the desks of members imme-
diately before the recess. That resolution
came before the committee, was discussed
and considered, and the committee instructed
me to report that no reason could be shown
for a change in the decision already made.
The sitting member was informed of the result
of the deliberations of the committee. He
understood that the report of the committee
was to be presented either yesterday or to-day,
and before the committee could obtain the
floor this morning a resolution was introduced
by his colleague from Arkansas, [Mr. Sny-
der,] asking for five days to take testimony
in behalf of the sitting member in this case.
Now, then, we have here this proposition:
shall the sitting member, while occupying his
seat, taking no steps toward taking testimony
during the sixty days allowed by law, or dur-
ing the days between the spring session and
the opening of Congress in December, pre-
senting his application for fhe thirty days'
time then, and renewing it again—shall he
now be allowed to come before the House
through his colleague, and be allowed to fur-
nish all the testimony necessary to his case in
five days? He now asks the House to give
him five days only to take the testimony which
last spring he was not certain that he could
take between April and November, and at a
later period which he thought would require
thirty days. He now proposes to take all this
testimony within five days.
The Committee of Elections have had this
subjcct before it for consideration over and
over again. It has been ably discussed, and I
believe I may say that the committee are
unanimously of the opinion that this extension
of time ought not to be granted. _ It may be
said that five days is buta short time. It may
be claimed that it is insisting upon a technical
rule to refuse to allow that time, but I insist
that the history of the case as I have detailed
it characterizes this application. It seems to
me that it must convince every fair-minded man
that there is something wrong in this applica-
tion for an extension.
So far as the question of technicality is con-
cerned, it is not a mere question of technicality.
It is a question that goes to the substance of
the case, that goes to the rights of the parties
in this contest. If this extra time is granted,
then the case comes before the committee for
consideration, and that consideration may in-
volve a considerable period of time, and weeks
may elapse before the House can reach a final
decision in the case.
Now, it sepms to me that the case is abso-
lutely wanting in merit; it seems to me that
there is no ground upon which this application
should be granted by the House. The law has
been so often settled in eases that have come
before the committee for consideration that
they feel instructed to decide the question sub-
mitted here as they did decide it, in view of
what has seemed to be the understanding of
the law of 1851; what has seemed to be regarded
as the true policy to be pursued by the House ;
what seems to be the right and reasonable con-
struction of that law. 1 will not take the time
of the House 
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Will the gentle-
man yield to me for a question ?
Mr. HAZLETON, ot Wisconsin. Not just
yet; I will soon. I was about to say that I
will not take the time ot the House to read the
cases which have been passed upon by this
House. I will simply call the attention of the
House (and the older members will recollect
the cases) to the cases of Howard cs. Cooper,
Carrigan vs. Thayer, and Vallandigham  s.
Campbell. Those are important cases, in which
this question has been substantially presented
and decided. . .
This is an application of the sitting member;
it is the application of a sitting member who
has not as yet taken one single step toward
securing one iota of testimony to be submitted
to this House. And this proposition to grant
five days' additional time is made^ after this
whole case has been repeatedly decided in the
Committee of Elections, and after it was under-
stood by the sitting member that the commit-
tee was about to report its action to this House.
I am requested by my colleague on the
committee, the gentleman from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Eames,] to say that I was mistaken in
inferring that he acquiesces in the report of
the committee. If so, I will of course make
that correction. But certainly a large major-
ity of the committee united in the report which
they propose to make. I will now yield to
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Blaib] for
a question.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. My question is
this: whether there is any probability o_f there
being any change in the decision to which the
committee has come if this resolution should
be adopted?
Mr. HAZLETON, of Wisconsin. That I
cannot tell. The merits of the case, as a mat-
ter of course, have not yet been passed upon
by the committee. They are yet to come be-
fore the committee. This is simply a prelim-
inary question upon the granting of further
time to take testimony on behalf of the sitting
member. The merits of the case are not, that
I know of, affected by this vote upon a prelim-
inary question. I now yield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar,] a member
of the Committee of Elections.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Will the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] yield to
me for a question?
Mr. HOAR. I will yield for a moment.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I desire really to
ask a question; but in order to ask it I shall
have to make a statement of what has been
• related to me about the character of this case.
The Committee of Elections, as a committee,
I am very apt to follow, and 1 expect to do so
in this case, unless 1 get new light. We are
compelled to do so ; we cannot investigate
these cases ourselves, but we must follow a
committee, that is to a degree, in whose integ-
rity we have confidence.
Now, what I meant to state and then ask a
question upon is this : I understand that the
long-settled practice of this House is one that
is fixed upon it by the Constitution, to wit,
that the acts of Congress are merely directory
and not peremptory in their operations ; that
they become to the House like rules to courts;
that we therefore deem those statutes as ad-
visory, as directory, and not as controlling,
because an act of Congress cannot control the
action of either House in judging of the elec-
tion, qualification, and returns ot its members.
That, of course, is settled law to start with.
Now, that being so, I understand the facts
of this case, in short, to be these, as alleged on
the one side—that a combination was formed
before the election to take possession of the
polls, that that combination did take posses-
sion of the polls before the hour for the elec-
tion to begin by selecting from the bystanders
certain persons to act as officers of election,
which persons by their acts, if they did not,
change the result of the election, certainly did
enough to make it proper for the matter to be
investigated.
Then I understand that the failure to take
testimony was the result of bad or mistaken
advice from counsel ; that counsel told the
person desiring to take this testimony that he
could not do so during the time covered by
his antagonist's notice ; and that acting under
that advice, as the notice covered all the time,
he lost his opportunity to take testimony ; and
that is why he took none. I am not assuming
to determine the truth or falsity ot this state-
ment,—indeed, I have reason to doubt its integ-
rity ; but I am saying simply what the claim is.
This being the claim made, that a most gross
