474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
and palpable fraud has been committed, by
which the district has been deprived of its
choice, the matter presents itself to my mind
in this way : that the man desiring to present
this grave charge, having been deprived of an
opportunity to take testimony by mistake of
counsel, has never had such opportunity since
the sixty days expired, and now asks but five
days to make his showing. Unless reasons
can be given by my friend from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Hoar,] or somebody else, why we
should not allow five days to make out so grave
a charge; if it can be made out, the allowance
of sixty days being only directory to the parties,
and not controlling upon this body, I confess
I am inclined to favor this application for five
days' time. When such grave charges as these
are presented, it does not look well for us to
say to the party presenting them, "You shall
not even have five days' time to make your
showing." Now, then, my question is whether
this statement of the circumstances, as I have
detailed them, has any foundation in fact, or
whether the committee is now prepared to neg-
ative it?
Mr. IIOAR. Mr. Speaker, this is a very
grave and interesting question. I hope the
House will give it its attention; and when
that is done, I hope I am not too confident in
my judgment in asserting that no gentleman
will have any serious doubt upon it. Before
answering the question of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Shbllajsaeger,,] let me say byway
of explanation that the present application is
an application for five days to put in evidence
three facts, every one of which is totally im-
material and incompetent as evidence in the
case. The gentleman from Arkansas says
that the House being under the Constitution
the final judge of the election of its members,
he wants five days to show, first, that a court
in Arkansas has determined that the sitting
member is entitled to his seat; second, to
show that in the Arkansas Legislature the
committee of elections, of which the gentle-
man was undoubtedly a most distinguished
member, heard and decided the case; and
third, that the Governor of Arkansas also
hoard the ease and decided it. These three
matters are all that anybody asks five days'
time to prove. Now, when it is proved - -
Mr. SNYDER. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. HOAR. Let me finish my sentence,
and then the gentleman can correct me if I
have made any misstatement. Now, should
these three things be proved this House would
instantly say, " We will consider, if properly
before us, the evidence that these trihnnals had
before them; but the fact that they decided
one way or the other we will reject and disre-
gard altogether." Now, if 1 have misstated
anything, the gentleman may correct me.
Mr. SNYDER. The resolution proposes to
allow five days for the purpose of introducing
documentary evidence and such oral testimony
as he may be able to produce within that time.
Mr. HOAR. But as to these facts, the wit-
nesses are not in Washington; they are all in
Arkansas; and it is not pretended otherwise.
Mr. SNYDER. The resolution provides
for taking the testimony of witnesses who may
be in Washington.
Mr. HOAR. Now, Mr. Speaker, let me
come to the merits of the general question,
and answer the inquiry put by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Shellabakgku.] The Com-
mittee of Elections agreed that the limitation
of time for taking testimony is purely direct-
ory, not imperative. We agree also that where
the interests of justice are at issue, it is a di-
rection of the slightest possible weight, which
for the sake of ascertaining truth we ought to
disregard. The simple question, therefore, for
this House to determine is, what is ju3t?
Now, the facts are these: the sitting mem-
ber came here at the short session in the spring,
and petitioned the House for an extension of
time on the ground that the sixty days allowed
by law would be entirely consumed by his an-
tagonist, and that he could not, as he under-
stood the law, take testimony at the same time.
That was referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions, and the chairman of the Committee of
Elections informed the sitting member that he
had the right under the law and the usages of
the House to take his testimony while the
testimony on the other side was going on.
The contestant, as 1 understand, had the cer-
tificates of the local returning officers, showing
a majority in his favor. The sitting member's
case in chief would consist of evidence to
overcome these certificates. Now that com-
munication was a very important one. It was
made by the chairman of the committee, its
official organ in that regard, to the sitting
member, and as a reason for not granting his
application.
Thereupon, Mr. Speaker, the sitting mem-
ber went home to Arkansas and proceeded to
forget it. The fact is not denied that a clear,
distinct statement was made to him by the
honorable chairman of the Committee of Elec-
tions last spring before the sixty days had
elapsed, and thereupon he went home to Arkan-
sas and proceeded to forget it. He let the sixty
days go by. His antagonist took his evidence,
and then he let the whole time go by without
taking testimony, trusting to the indulgence
of the House at this session. Then he came
in and had a hearing for sixty days' extension.
That was reported on by the committee and
the request refused on the report of the com-
mittee. He then made application for thirty
days' extension, and that was rejected. The
committee were of the opinion, if that could
be granted without injustice, notwithstanding
these facts, they would, do it. But they con-
sidered that the contestant had some rights.
What will be the effect? To allow thirty
days to go down into Arkansas and take tes-
timony would require, in the first place, the
lapse of thirty days. It would require them to
return the testimony from. Arkansas. Making
it up and putting it in shape by the officers
would require another fortnight. It would then
require to be indexed. The parties would have
to print their briers. Arguments would have
to be made before the committee and the decis-
ion of the committee made. At that time we
should have reached a period in the session
when, with the other business of this House
and the other business of this Committee of
Elections, it would be likely a month before
we could get the report acted on. But sup-
pose we got the floor, and had the report
acted on at once, what would be the cffcct on
the contestant ? Certainly not more than eight
or ten months (three next winter and four or
five this winter) would remain of the sessions
of this House.
I suppose everybody will agree with me
that the salary is to be disregarded in consid-
ering the question of the importance of the
office. The importance of the office is the
right to represent the people upon this floor,
the right to share in the political power of the
country, the right to be a member of import-
ant committees, aiding in the making of the
laws, and giving direction to legislation in ref-
erence to the great interests of the country.
It is not too much to say that to grant this
sitting member's prayer is to deprive the con-
testant of one third or one half of the matter
in dispute. While the contestant has been
guilty of no fault, the sitting member has been
guilty, or his advisers have, first, of ignorance
of the law, and secondly, of forgetting the
important communication of the chairman of
the Committee of Elections.
Mr. Speaker, one word more, and I will
be done. If this were a question in court
where delay would be brief it might be proper
to grant this, but it is virtually saying to the
sitting member, we give you one third or one
half of the thing m dispute. You deprive his
antagonist of it, not from any fault of his
own, but from two gross faults of the sitting
member himself.
It is time, Mr. Speaker, to introduce, in
regard to these lately disturbed districts in the
South, the same rule which we apply to all
other portions of the country. The sooner they
learn that they are to be met here with fixed
general rules of laws and of justice to be
applied to them without distinction of party,
without regard to one party or the other, the
better it will be for them and for us. It is time
they should learn that seats in this House are
not to be enjoyed because one can secure the
place through favoritism of the election offi-
cers or of officers of the State.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. _ Will the gen-
tleman yield to me for a question?
Mr. HOAR. Certainly.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If this request
for*five days' time be granted, I desire to ask
the gentleman what will be the amount of time
it will delay general action ?
Mr. HOAR. The prayer is made for timo
to introduce new evidence, and the contestant
will be obliged to meet it by going down to
Arkansas to procure rebutting testimony. The
sitting member takes his testimony here ; but
the contestant will be compelled to take his
testimony in the State of Arkansas.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to inquire
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hoar] whether the statutes of Arkansas author-
ize the Governor of that State to canvass the
votes and determine who is elected ?
Mr. HOAR. The committee have not, so
far as I am aware, had those statutes before
them in regard to that question.
. Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is not that of some
importance in a determination of the case?
Mr. HOAR. Of course the committee and
the House in determining an election case take
judicial notice of the laws of every State.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar]
to say that one of the points which the sitting
member desires to prove is that the Governor
canvassed the votes and found that he was
ejected, and the gentleman denies the mate-
riality of th e point. Now, I ask whether he has
the statutes of Arkansas, and whether they
authorize the Governor to canvass the votes
and determine who is elected?
Mr. HOAR. I think the gentleman has so
far misunderstood point. I suppose that
the Governor's certificate that the sitting
member was entitled to his seat gives the
sitting member the prima facie right, and
the committee so determined, and the sitting
member enjoys his seat to-day by virtue of that
determination. But the proposition made by
the gentleman from Arkansas on my right
[Mr. Snyder,] was that they desired to go
hereafter, not in regard to the -prima facie
right, but in regard to the determination of
the question on its merits—on what the opinion
of the Governor was.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentle-
man from Massachusetts yield to me for a few
moments further ?
Mr. HOAR. What time does the gentleman
require ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Only two or three
minutes.
Mr. HOAR. I will yield to the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] three minutes
after I have made one further remark.
I do not come here, Mr. Speaker, to ask for
myself, or the committee of which I am a
member, any indulgence or respect at the
hands of the House other than this: I think
when we have conscientiously performed our
duty we are entitled to ask this House that this
much respect shall be paid to us, that we shall
be heard in support of the determination to
which we have arrived.
Now, what is the action which the sitting
member and Ms colleagues have taken? This
question had been referred to the committee
not once, but three times. And after we had
indulged them with a reargument, and when
