3162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
port of this request X would call attention to tho
faots that the battalion l as now an aggregate
gtrength greater than a regiment of infantry; that
Congress, by past legislation, has recognized tho
necessity of providing it wit h a non-commissioned
staff, and the experiences of the service ha ve shown
the necessity of completing this staff. Tho same
reasons for attaching these non-commissioned ofli-
cers to a regiment of artillery or infantry hold good
for the engineer battalion.
The second section proposed restores to engineer
soldiers the pay for extra duty taken f.r°i?_ VX01?,!357
the seventh section of the act of July 13,18b6 (Public,
103.) This legislation was no doubt caused by the
idea that the pay of an engineer soldier is better
than that of an artillery or infantry soldier.
The following table will show the pay per month
established by Taw of equal grades in these arms of
service: , „
Pay per Pay per
month of month (\f
engineer infantry and
troops. artillery.
Sergeant $34 &20 00
Corporal  20 18 00
Artificer or first-class privato... 18 18 0(r
Second-class private  16 16 00+
The gfades of pay as established for the engineers
when these troops were first organized in our ser-
vice wero higher than for corresponding grades
in other arms: but this difference of pay was for a
difference in the qualifications of the men only, and
not as compensation for extra or conataut labor.
The injustice to tho engineer soldier in depriving
him oi extra compensation will be seen by compar-
ing the pay of tho various grades of the several arms
when ongaged 011 constant labor of moro thau ton
• Artillery and
bnomeers. illfun1rl/.
Sergeant   $34 00 $30 50
Corporal  20 00 28 50
Artificer or iirst-class private... 18 00 21 UO*
Second-class pi lvate  10 00 22 00f
And this appears tho more marked when wo sup-
pose a private of engineers to bo acting in the
capacity of overseer of a party of infantry soldiers,
ill the construction of field-works or other structures,
a case constantly occurring in sorvioo. llero tho
laborer or inlantry soldier, without responsibility,
receives twenty-two dollars per month, vvhilo tho
overseor <>r man responsible lor tho proper execu-
tion ot the work receives but sixteen or eighteen
dollars. When wo enlist, men it is necessarily lortho
grade of aecond ohi^s private, the pay of which is
the same as lor artillery or inlantry, namely, sixteen
dollars per month; and as tho peculiar duties of
ongineer Iroops demand a higher standard of quali-
fications for tho individual man than is usually tound
or demanded in othor arms of service, tho discruu-
luaMonsol the existing law aro having an injurious
influence upon our enlistments, and williendot it
difficult to maintain th.it degree of excelleneo in our
troops which the interests ol tho service require.
As tho number of engineer soldiers is small the
material should bo of tho best quality, and this can-
riot be obtained so long as other troops aro allowed,
under similar circumstances, better pay evon than
engineer tioops.
The item ot appropriation, $1,000, is intended for
tho purchaso ot raw materials to bo maxle up into
suoh articles as are used in the construction ot Riej,'e
works, and this lor the proper drill and instruction
of tho troops.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
A. A. UUMP1I11EYS,
Jirigadier General of KnQinwrH commanding.
Goneral U. S. Gr\NT, Commanding Armies United
Mates, Secretary of War ad interim.
Seo. —. And be it further enacted* That from and
after tho passage of this act. there shall bo one com-
missary sergeant for the battalion ol engineers,
who shall reecivc thosamo pay and allowances as
the quarlerma^tor sergeant of tho battalion, and
two prinoipal musicians, who shall receivo tho same
|>ay and allowances as the principal musicians of an
inlantry regiment.
Sec.—. And be It farther enactvd, That from and
after the passage of this act ongineer troops shall,
with reference to the compensations provided in
section seven, of tho act, approved July 13, 1866, be
placed upon the same footing as tho other troops
constituting the military establishment of the
United States.
War Department, January 23.
Tho opinion of tho General of the Army on tho
"within is desired by the Socretary of W ar.
ED. SCimiVER,
Inspector General.
Headquarters Army United States,^
January 31, 18<38.
Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War.
I approve the second section 6t General Humphreys'
bill, and so much of the first section as provides for
two principal musicians for tho battalion of en-
gineers; also the item of appropriation; but I do not
think a commissary sergeant of a regiment of any
arm of the service is required.
IJ. S. GKAKT, General.
Tbe bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COBURN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
*Artifioer.
fPrivate.
FORT COLLINS MILITARY RESERVATION.
Mr. COBURN, from the same committee,
reported back the amendment of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 1776) declaring the lands
constituting the Port Collins military reserva-
tion, in the Territory of Colorado, subject to
preemption and homestead entry, as provided
for in existing laws, with the recommendation
that it be concurred in.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
lands constituting the Fort Collins military
reservation, in the Territory of Colorado, so
far as the same have not been lawfully dis-
posed of since their reservation, are hereby
restored to the United States and made sub-
ject to preemption and homestead entry, as
now provided for by law.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
After tho word " entry," in line five, insert the
word " only."
The amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Mr. COBURN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment of the Senate was
concurred in ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PIUSON FOR THIS ARMY.
Mr. COBURN, from the same committee,
also reported a bill (H. R. No. 2C91) to pro-
vide for the establishment of a prison for the
Army of the United States, and for its govern-
ment; which was read a first and second time.
The bill was read.
The first, section provides that there shall
be established at Rock Island, ill the Stale
of Illinois, a prison for the confinement and
information of offenders against the rules,
regulations, and laws for the government of
ihe Army of the United Slates, m which shall
be securely confined, and employed at labor,
and governed in she manner hereinalter
directed, all .offenders convicted before any
court-martial or military commission in the
United States and sentenced according to law
to imprisonment therein.
Tbe second section provides that the Sec-
retary of War shall organize a board of five
members, to consist of three officers of the
Army and two persons from civil life, who
shall adopt a plan for the building of such
prison, and who shall frame regulations for
the government, of the prisoners in accord-
ance with the provisions of this act. The said
commissioners from civil life shall hold their
offices for the term of three years, and shall
be paid five dollars a day while 011 duty, and
necessary traveling expenses; and the said
officers of the Army shall, at. all times, be
subject to removal by the Secretary of War.
The third section provides that the Secretary
of War shall, with said commissioners, semi-
annually, and as much oftener as may be
deemed expedient., visit said prison for the
purposes of examination, inspection, and cor-
rection; and they shall inquire into all abuses
or neglects of duty on the part of the officers
or other persons in charge of the same, and
make such changes in the general discipline
of the prison as they may hold to be essential.
The fourth section provides that the officers
of the prison' shall consist of a commandant,
and such subordinate-officers as may be neces-
sary. a chaplain, a surgeon, and a clerk, who
shall be detailed by the Secretary of War from
the commissioned officers of the Army; and a
sufficient number of enlisted men shall be de-
tailed by the Secretary of War to act as turn-
keys, guards, and assistants in the prison.
The fifth section provides that one of the
inspectors of the Army shall, at least once in
three months, visit the prison for the purpose
of examining into the booksand all the affairs
thereof, and ascertaining whether the laws, :
rules, and regulations relating thereto are
complied with, the officers are competent and
faithful, and the convicts properly governed
and employed, and at the same time treated
with humanity and kindness. And it shall be
the duty of the inspector, at once, to make
full report thereof to the Secretary of War.
The sixth section provides that before the
commandant enters upon the duties of his
office he shall give bond, with sufficient sure-
ties, in a sum to be fixed by the Secretary of
War, to be approved by him, conditioned that
he shall faithfully account for all money placed
in his hands for the use of the prison and for
the faithful discharge of all his duties as com-
mandant. Heshall have command of theprison;
shall have the charge and employment of the
prisoners, and the custody ofall (he propertyof
the Government connected with the prison. He
shall receive and pay out all money used lorthe
prison, and shall cause to be kept, in suitable
books complete accounts of all the property,
expenses, income, business, and concerns of the
prison ; and shall make full and regular re-
ports thereof to the Secretaiy of War; and
shall, under the direction and with the ap-
proval of the Secretary of War, employ, for the
benefit of tbe United States, the convicts at
such labor and in such trades as may be deemed
best for their health and reformation. He
shall have power to sell and dispose of any
articles manufactured by the convicts, and
shall regularly account for the proceeds thereof,
and shall give bond and security for thefaiihful
keeping and accounting tor all moneys and
property coming 10 his bands as such com-
mandant. He shall take note and make record of
the good conduct, of the convicts, and shall
shorten the daily time of hard labor for those
who, by their obedience, honesty, industry, or
geneialgood conduct, earn sucli lavors; and
the Secretary of War is authorized and directed
to remit, in part, the sentences of such convicts,
and to give them an honorable resiora'ion to
duty in case the, same is meiited ; and in case
any convict shall disobey the lawful orders of
the officers of the prison, or refuse to comply
wiih the rules and regulations thereof, he may
be placed in solitary confinement, and the com-
mandant shall at once report the case to the
Secretary of War, who shall direct the inspector
to make lull examination and report ot the
mauer at the next inspeciion ; but in no case
shall any prisoner be subjected to whipping,
branding, or the carrying of weights for the
purpose of discipline, or for prouueing peni-
tence ; and every prisoner, upon being dis-
charged from ptisun, shall be furnished with
decent clothing.
The seventh section provides that the use of
newspapers and books shall not be denied the
convicts at times when not employed; and
that, unofficial visitors shall be admitted to the
prison under such restrictions as the_ board
of commissioners may impose. The prisoners
shall not be denied the privilege of commu-
nicating with their friends by letter, and from
receiving like communications trom them, all
of which shall be subject to the inspection of
the commandant or such officer as he may
assign to that duty.
The eighth section provides that the prison-
ers shall be supplied with ample and clean
bedding, and with whole-ome and sufficient
food, but when in hospital or under discipline
their diet shall be prescribed by the proper
authority. The prison shall be suitably venti-
lated, and each prisoner shall have a weekly
bath of cold or tepid water, which shall be
applied to the whole surface of the body, unless
the surgeon shall direct otherwiseforthe health
of the prisoner. .
The ninth section provides that no officer 01
the prison, or other person connected there-
