1370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
severe as I was capable of using at the time,
and I propose to show that the facts fully
sustain me in so doing.
I based my rem arks in part, as the gentleman
from Texas has suggested, upon the report
of the committee of twenty-one, which report
was adopted by the " tax-payers' convention"
of the State of Texas last summer It was
called with all the solemnity and deliberation
•with which a convention could be called, and
was attended by the best men in the State.
Two hundred and thirteen delegates are offi-
cially enrolled, and 1 am advised by informa-
tion from gentlemen from Texas, in addition
to what has been stated on this floor to-day by
the gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Hancock,]
that the men composing that convention were
among the very first men in Texas, compris-
ing gentlemen of all political parties. There
was one United States Senator among them j
there were two or three ex-Governors; in
short, they were the leading men from ninety-
four of the largest counties. It was to that
convention this committee of twenty-one sub-
mitted their report, which was approved and
adopted. That report is brief, and is incor-
porated into the report of the minority of the
committee appointed by Congress to investi-
gate the condition of the southern States. I
submit it for the consideration of the House:
Sun-Committed Room,
Austin, September 23, 1871.
Sir: Tho sub-committee appointed to take into
consideration and report to tho general committee
tho several violations ol'tho State ami .Federal Con-
stitutions, and other flagrant violations of law by
the present administration of the State govern-
ment, beg- leave to submit the following report:
The violations of constitutions and disregard of
law have been very frequent and ore very num-
erous; but, frequent as they have been and num-
erous as they are, wo have been unable to find a
single one, ot either class, based on an honest desire
to accomplish good to tho people ot the State, or to
securo prosperity to tho country. On tho contrary,
their apparent eauseseems uniformly to spying from
ono grand purpose, namely, to concentrate power
in tho hands of one in an, and to cmasculato tho
strength of the citizens of Texas as a free peopio.
However hopeless such a design might have ap-
peared, and however little feared by the reasoning
and intelligent, mind eighteen months ago, yet at
this day we must confess tho scheme has far pro-
gressed toward consummation,and tho people stand
stripped of many of the inalienable rights of tree-
men, while lie who is now clothed with theso lost
rights of tho people gloats on thoir humiliation and
congratulates himself on the possession of kingly
power.
Wo may safely state that tho practical effect of
each of tho acts we shii.ll name has been, and is now,
to abridge the rights of the citizen, and to enlargo,
solidify, and eoniirm tho power of tho Executive.
la not the Governor who would do that a
u fiend in human form;" is he not a tyrant
and a usurper? The representatives of niaety-
four counties, upon a report of a committee
of twenty-one, flms denounce him, and send
their publication to the world. There has been
no successful contradiction of their charges,
and cannot be. The committee say further :
1. "Duly elected and qualified members of tho
Legislature, in both houses, have been expelled or
denied seats to give place to persons who were not
elected by n majority of voters, and who were not
in law ontitleu to seats. (Case of Alford in tho sen-
ate; case of Plato m the houso, ctal,)
2. At a tiino when measures of grave importance
of themselves, and of vital interest to all tho peo-
ple, were under discussion in the senate, and not
matured, the majority in tho State senate arbitra-
rily, and without authoi'ity of law, placed nearly all
tho minority under arrest and deprived them of a
voice in behalt of the people, and so held them in
arrest and silent until tho militia Jaw. the police
bill, the enabling act, the registration act, and the
election law were passed, and until nominations for
judicial and other important officers were approved
of; all of which measures go to tho oppression of
the people; and many of the officers confirmed wero
unqualified as to capacity, corrupt as to morals, and
entirely unfit for high position in any State.
3. A multitude of new offices havo been created,
and officers appointed to fill them, without the con-
sent and against the will of the people.
4. Important and useful legislation to tho country
has been postponed nnd delated at great expense,
until odious and oppressive laws wero fastened upon
the people.
5. Without authority of law, :uid in violation of
the constitution, the term of olli<-,o of the present
members of the Legislature has been extended one
year. They were elected on the 30th day of Novem-
ber, and 1st, 2d, and 3d days of December. I8t>0 ; and
Jiow, under an act passed and construed by them-
selves, claim to hold until a general election in the
year 1872, notwithstanding section four, article three,
of the constitution.
6. The Executive has omitted and^ failed to order
elections to fill vacancies in the Legislature, caused
by death or otherwise, within the time prescribed by
law, and has thus, for many months, denied rep-
resentation to large bodies of the people, although
they were taxed, and have been forced to perform
militia duty. (Section 19, article 3, constitution;
section 11, page 130, laws ot 1870.)
7. The present State administration bases its
authority on the claimed results of the general elec-
tion held on the 30th of November, and 1st, 2d, and
3d days of December, 1869, and yet has omitted and
refused to order and provide for a general election
until the first Tuesday after the first Monday in
November, 1872; thus throwing the second general
election nearly three years from the first. (Section
4, article 3, constitution ; laws of 1870, page 129, sec-
tion 7.)
8. The State of Texas is practically left without a
Legislature from December, 1871, until November,
1872, and that, too, while the Executive is clothed
with despotic power.
9. Newspapers have been established in the sev-
eral judicial districts of tl^e State to bolster up the
presen t despotism, and to familiarize the people with
executive usurpation, and, through forced patron-
age, to gain great profit, and thereby help to im-
poverish tho citizens. (Laws of 1870, page 74.)
10. The courts of the State are effectually closed
against the approach of tho citizen, and prohibited
from extending relief for an existing wrong—in this:
that though the judges of election may willfully and
corruptly refuse to permit a qualified elector to vote,
yet the courts are forbidden to compel such offi-
cers to do their duty, or refrain from the commission
of a wrong by injunction, mandamus, or otherwise.
(Laws of 1870, page 132, section 22; constitution, sec-
tion 11, article 1.)
11. An election law has been passed, and is now
enforced, which breaks down in practical effect all
the safeguards of the ballot, and places in the hands
of those who receive and count the votes, the unre-
strained power to defeat the will of the electors, and
to substitute their own instead; it authorizes those
who havo the handling of the votes, on one pretext
and another, to cast out largo proportions of the
votes and to announce partial and untrue results; it,
by tho non-identification of tickets voted, picvents
fair and full investigation in cases of contested elec-
tions; it requires electors to travel long distances,
to undergo heavy oxponse, and. to consume much
time noedlessly to exercise tho right of suffrage, thus
compelling the citizens to forego the exercise of tho
elective franchise, or else to submit to exaction^,
oppression, and wrongs to person and pioperty.
(Laws of 1870, pago 130, et neq.)
12. The enabling act places great power in tho
hands of tho Executive in palpable violation of tho
constitution, in that it authorizes him to appoint
various important officers who are charged with ro-
spon3ible duties, who under tho constitution aro
elective by tho peoplo, and to remove others, who
are alone removable by duo com so of law. (Laws
of 1870, pages 17,18; constitution.section 12,articles,
13. The terms of the police bill constitute of them-
selves an authorized violation of nearly ovcry pri-
vate right of tho citizen. The police force is chosen
by the Executive, and placed under his command
without restriction or responsibility; it is always
ready for action, with arms in hand, having for its
duties the part of spies, informers, and detectivcs,
circulating through thewholecommunity. The very
vocation of such a force renders them odious to the
people, and unprincipled of themselves; they are
dangerous as hirelings to tho reputation and lives
of tho people. The practical workings of this force,
raised under the pretense of'seeunngpeaee and quiet,
and to arrest violators of tho law, has demonstrated,
beyond doubt, that it is a body ot armedmcn massed
to overawo the citizen and to give an aefcivo arm to
the Executive to uphold and sustain him in his
usurpations and cxcrci.se of the unlawful power
concentrated in him. Its work has been a succes-
sion of wrongs, mingled with blood: its continuance
is death to every private right, and,_in innumerable
instances, to lifo itself. (Daws of 18/0, page 19.)
14. Large amounts of money have been subjected
and appropriated to the use of the Executive,
obtainable on requisition, and on tho sale of State
bonds, to be held and used by him without any of the
restrictions and safeguards which the laws require of
all others who handle public moneys. (Laws 1870.)
13. Under the authority of the militia law, now in
force and being daily executed, the Executive is
vested with unlimited power. He may organize a
standing army in a time of profound peace; in the
face of heavy pains and penalties, the citizen is re-
quired to perform military duty, and to form part of
such standing army. A State guard is provided for,
the men and otlicersof which aro chosen andselected
by the Executive, thus creating a special oiganiza-
tion of great strength, composed of the pets, favor-
ites, and tools of the Governor, whoso interest is to
maintain him in liis usurpations, and to enforce his
orders, "whatever they may bo. This is an armed
body of men who may be thrown into any city or
county of the State, and there, with rapidity and
unserupulousness, execute any order the Executive
may give. He is clothed with the power to declare
martial law on tho most paltry pretexts. He may,
to all intents and purposes, suspend the writ of
habeas cc j)us when there is no rebellion, no inva-
sion, and when the public safety does not require it.
With martial law declared and the writ of habeas
corpus practically suspended, the Executive becomes
dictator in Texas and his will the sole guide to his
action; he may take property or life and be respon-
sible to no tribunal of justice in the State so long as
he remains Governor under existing laws. (Laws
1870, page 11; constitution, sections 10,17, article 1.)
It might possibly be said that though such unlim-
ited power is with the Executive, yet that all tho
probabilities are that he will not eallit into exer-
cise; but already, under the arbitrary power con-
ferred, he declared martial lawinthecounty of Hill,
and through machinery rapidly extemporized, gath-
ered by the hands of his adjutant general large sums
of money from citizens while under duress, and
without a judgment of any court of competent juris-
diction; and under the same arbitrary power mar-
tial law was declared in "Walker county, and then
under like machinery gathered large sums of money
from the people, and in addition thereto incarcerated
a freeman of the State of Texas m the penitentiary;
and all this in a time of profound peace, when there
was no rebellion, no invasion, when tho public
safety was not threatened, and when the civil offi-
cers in the respective counties were fully able to
execute all process and to arrest all violators of the
law. And again, in the county of Bastrop martial
law was time and again threatened and held in ter-
rorem over the people thereof with intent to force
the grand jury of said county to indict by false
indictments tho good people thereof, and thus forge
a reputation for that people of being a lawless and
criminal people.
These things have grown into history, and are now
recognized as authentic occurrences of the times.
16. The Executive is now enforcing the execution
of a repealed law, and thereby greatly increasing
the taxes demanded of the people, and gaining the
possession and control of enormous sums of money,
tho distribution whereof is subject to his will in con-
nection with those about him who hold position by
his appointment, and whose terms of office depend
on his pleasure.
X.—1. The act entitled "An act to organize and
maintain a system of public free schools in theStato
of Texas" (Laws of 1871, page 59) was presented to
the Governor for his approval 12th April, 1871. (Sen-
ate Journal, page 718.)
2. In absence of approval, the bill so presented
would become a law in live days if not returned.
(Constitution, section 23, general provisions.)
3. The bill so presented was not approved, nor was it
vetoed; so on the 17th of April,1871, it became alaw.
•4. The fifth section of said act provides that "tho
directors of each school district shall have the au-
thority to levy a tax not exceeding one per cent, for
tho purpose of building school-houses and main-
taining schools in their respective districts."
II.—1. The act entitled ' An act to give effect to
the severalprovisionsoftheconstitution concerning
taxes" (Laws 1871, page 51) was presented to tho
Governor for his approval on the 20th day of April,
1871. (Senate Journal, page 847.)
2. Said bill was approved on tho 22d of April, and
from that day became a law, live days after the act
first named had become a law underscction twenty-
five of the constitution, before cited.
3. The eighth section of tho last act named pro-
vides that " a direct ad valot em tax foi the year 1871,
of one fourth the amount of the direct ad valorem
State tax on all real property situate, and ail per-
sonal property owned in each school district in this
State" H * "shallboleviedandcol-
lected to provide the necessary school-houses in
each district, and insure the education of all the
scholastic inhabitants of the several districts."
4. The twenty-second section of this act repeals
all laws and parts of laws in conflict therewith,
" except such as authorize special county taxes and
other special taxes."
5. Section live of the first law, andsection eightof
the last law, are in conflict, or, at least, tho one sup-
plies the other, both being intended to raise a fund
by taxation for one and the same identical purpose.
6. The repealing clause repeals section five of the
act first named, and thereby reduced taxation for
school-house purposes from one per ccnt. to one
eighth of one per cent. -
But notwithstanding the record shows the fore-
going facts, yet the Governor appended his approval
to the law first named on the 21th day of April, 1871—
seven days after it had become alaw—and thus, of his
own will, sought to change the dates of laws, and to
give them force and effect in a reversed manner, and
by his signature to revive a law which had been re-
pealed.
This repealed law is now being enforced, and un-
der its provisions a tax of seven eighths of one
per cent, on all tho property in theStateof Texas,
real and personal, sought to bo collectcd.
17. The people have been disarmed throughout the
State, notwithstanding their constitutional right
"to keep and bear arms." (Constitution, section
13, article 1; Laws 1871, page 25.)
The polico and State guards are armed, and lord
it over the land, while tho citizen dare not, under
heavy pains and penalties, bear arms to defend him-
self, unless ho has reasonable grounds for fearing an
unlawful attack on his person, and that such grounds
of attack shall be immediate and pressing'. The citi-
zen is at the mercy of the policeman and the men
of the State guard, and that, too, when these bodies
of men embrace in them tho most lawless and aban-
doned men in the State, many of whom are adven-
turers, strangers to tho soil, discharged or pardoned
criminals, forgetful of law, unrestrained by the cus-
toms of society, and without interest in, or ties to
the State.
18. The election order, under the operation of
which the near approaching election will be holden.
is a monstrosity, and could only emanate from a mind
deliberately determined to insult and humiliate the
