1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4059
Senator states, that the difference in, price is
very little. It is the mere sizing that makes
the difference.
_ Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The addi-
tional weight compensates for that."
Mr. LOGAN. Now, here is-imported paper
that is sized paper, [exhibiting a specimen of
paper,] and you charge thirty-five per cent, on
that paper because it is sized paper, and it is
used to publish a newspaper on. Here is a
pamphlet printed on unsized paper. ' Anyone
can see that the unsized paper is much the
nicest paper for printing a newspaper upon,
and yet you charge thirty-five per cent, ad
valorem on the one and twenty per cent, ad
valorem on the other. So it is as I illustrated
the other day by two newspapers published in
your city, the Chronicle and the Star. To
look at the two papers I should prefer the
Chronicle for printing paper, and yet that is
on unsized paper and the Star is on sized
paper. One pays thirty-five per cent, ad
valorem, and the other twenty per cent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In point of
fact they do not pay it, because the paper is
printed here, and practically there is no hard-
ship about it.
Mr. LOGAN. That is the opinion of the
Senator from Vermont; it is not mine. I will
make this statement to the Senator, who I
know is conversant with this question and has
certainly examined it: he knows that nearly
all the tracts distributed through this country
are published in England. Why? Because
they can be printed there and exported to this
country cheaper than you can import the paper
into this country, for it comes in at twenty-five
per cent., while the paper it is printed upon
pays a duty of thirty-five per cent. That is
the fact.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
will not lemedy it by his proposition.
Mr. LOGAN. I think I shall. If you want
to encourage the printing of newspapers in
your own country it would remedy it; if not,
it would not. You can print on sized paper
a newspaper in Canada; for instance, yon
can print Harper's Weekly in Canada, and
import it into this country and sell it cheaper
than you can import the paper upon which
it is printed, for after it is printed it pays
twenty-five per cent., and before it is printed
it pays thirty-five per cent. There is the
proposition precisely and simply. My idea
is to bring the paper in cheaper than you can
bring in the pamphlet or newspaper printed on
the paper; and that is all the object I have
about it.
I will say further, that there is not a book
published in England, or that has been pub-
lished there one hundred years, or a magazine
or a pamphlet on unsized paper. Every book
or pamphlet imported into this country from
England is published on sized paper, and yet
you import them at a cheaper rate of duty than
you can bring in the paper. That ougbt not
to be so. Hence my proposition, twenty-two
per cent, ad valorem, (under which, if the sized
paper is more valuable than the unsized paper,
it pays a higher amount of duty,) will reduce
this duty below that on books, so that the
printing will be done in our own country.
Printing I understand to be an industry here.
It is very curious that protection should be
given to all industries except one. It is non-
sense in my judgment to say that we cannot
distinguish between writing paper and pi'int-
ing paper. I think we can. We made the
distinction in the tariff that was made while
the Senator from Vermont was a member of
the other branch of the Congress of the Uni-
ted States. That levied on all paper thirty-five
per cent, ad valorem, exeept unsized. You
have since put that at twenty per cent, ad
valorem. It never was so before. The duty
on all printing paper was always alike until
here within the last few years, where we have
made a distinction, and we make it nowhere
else. It is not made anywhere except here in
this country, and it is made against printing in
our country.
I said the other day that the Bibles which
we used can be printed cheaper in England
and imported to this country than you can
import the paper to print them on, and that is
true; and the reason why they are imported
so extensively is because they are printed'on
sized paper, and you make them pay twenty-
five per cent, ad valorem, and on the paper
itself you charge thirty-five per cent, ad valo-
rem.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator has spoken five minutes.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to make this sug-
gestion, which I understood my colleague, the
chairman of the committee, to say some time
since would be agreeable to him: I move that
we take a recess for one hour, and then we
shall have a quorum and can go on and sit
the bill out to-night.
Mr. LOGAN. We have a quorum here
now.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, but some gentle-
men have dined, and a good many gentlemen
have not. I have stayed here and kept a
quorum, while other gentlemen have not. I
move that we r,ake a recess for one hour.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.' The Sen-
ator from Ohio moves that the Senate take a
recess for one hour.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. One mo-
ment, please. The Senator from Illinois has
asked for a vote on this amendment. Let os
get rid of this paper proposition and then do
something.
Mr. CONKLINGr. It is not right to take
the vote on this in so thin a Senate.
Mr. SCOTT. I only want to say about two
words. I hope the Senator from Illinois will
not say "let us vote" after the lecture he
delivered on that subject last night.
Mr. LOGAN. I am not saying it to any
individual.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not debatable. It is moved that the Senate
take a recess for one hour.
Mr. SCOTT. I thought the motion was
withdrawn.
The motion was not agreed to, there being
on a division—ayes 18, noes 21.
Mr. SCOTT. I have been prevented from
the motion of which I gave notice by
the motion of the Senator from Ohio to fix: this
duty at twenty-five per cent. 1 intended to fix
it at thirty per cent.; but as his motion will be
decisive of the sense of the Senate on that
question, I avail myself of the pendency of bis
motion simply to reply to one remark made by
the Senator from Illinois.
He produced a letter from a publishing
house in this city, a very respectable one, for
the purpose of showing that this imported
paper cannot be cut up into writing paper. I
do not profess to be an expert on that ques-
tion, but in the Committee on Finance we had
before us both the manufacturers of paper and
of books, and they both concurred in making
that statement. The manufacturers of paper
protested against this reduction on sized
paper for that'reason, that the printing paper
would be brought in in that form, that it could
not be prevented, and that it would interfere
with the manufacture of paper. On the other
hand, the consumers of that sized paper, the
publishers—and if I had time to look for it I
have here a petition signed by at least four
publishers, publishing scientific books, miscel-
laneous books, all of whom say they do not
wish this distinction made, that they wish the
duty kept up on sized paper. Thus we have
a uniform concurrence of the manufacturers
of sized paper and of the consumers of sized
paper, both demanding of us that this duty
shall not be reduced.
Now, if it is to be reduced it ought not to be
reduced more than the ten per cent, that
other manufactures are reduced. Therefore I
wished to make a motion to make the rate
thirty per cent., which would be a greater re-
duction than ten per cent., but I am precluded
from that, and will vote for the amendment of
the Senator from Ohio, and I trust there will
be no lower reduction than that if we are to
have that.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I wish to ask the
Senator froln Illinois a single question or two,
or three possibly. I understand him to say
that a certain amount of paper can be imported
at a certain price, the duty being twenty-two
and a half per cent, ad valorem. For instance,
if paper costs abroad one dollar, imported here
the duty is twenty-two and a half cents added
to it. Suppose you take that paper abroad
and add to it the value of the printing, can you
then bring it here for $1 22J?
Mr. LOGAN. You bring it here fortwenty-
five per cent.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. That is not the ques-
tion. If you add the value of the labor to it
abroad, the question is whether you can then
bring -it here for twenty-two and a half per
cent.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not know what the
value of labor is abroad so far as printing is
concerned. The suggestion is made that labor
is much lower abroad than here ; and being
lower than here, I should say you could do it.
The majority of the tracts distributed in this
country are published in England, for the
reason that they can be published and brought
to this country cheaper than the paper can be
brought in, because twenty-five per cent, is
the duty on published matter, and thirty-five
per cent, on the paper.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. What surprises me
is that you can add to the value of the paper
abroad all the expense of printing, and yet
have it cheaper than before you put that
expense on.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. That is because of the
difference in the rates of tariff.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. That does not make
it so. I can readily understand that a dollar's
worth of paper and a dollar's worth of books
may be brought here at a less cost than the
paper; but I cannot see how a piece of paper
or a quantity of paper, when .you shall have
added twenty-five per cent, to the value of it
abroad, can still pay twenty-two and a half per
cent, duty here and cost less than paper that
paid thirty-five per cent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The proposition, as I
understand it, is this: it is stated by my col-
league that sized paper now pays a duty of
thirty-five per cent., and that the paper on
which a tract or the Bible, for instance, is
printed, pays a duty of thirty-five per cent.,
and to get it into this country would cost
more than the Bible would cost printed on
the same paper and then introduced, because
the difference between the duty on the book
after it was printed would be less than the dif-
ference between the duty on the book and the
duty on the paper that was not in the book.
That is easy enough to understand if the facts
arc so.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. There is no value,
then, no cost in printing paper abroad?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly there is. Let
mo illustrate. The duty on a dollar's worth
of paper is thirty-five cents. It then costs
$1 85 to get that paper here. Now, suppose
it costs thirty cents to print a book on that
paper and it is brought in free. Now, does
not the Senator from Connecticut see that
book is brought in cheaper than the paper,
though you pay thirty cents for printing it?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. You fail in telling
me the cost of the paper that is in the book.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, the cost of the
paper is one dollar. It costs thirty cents to
print it in England. That makes it $1 30.
Now, if you bring the paper here before you
put any tax on it, it costs $1 35. Why? Be-
