1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2267
service upon them. If the Senator from Iowa
has better information than the committee, or
better than the Secretary of the Interior or
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, I am
ready to follow him with great pleasure; but
as it is, I have to vote on the recommendation
of those who have this responsibility. I am
not on any committee that is charged with it.
I do not know anything about the case myself,
because I have not investigated it. If the
Senator from Iowa has information himself
that will justify us in voting $200,000 instead
of $o00.000, I wane that information. I do
not want to vote iu the daik about it. I prefer
§200,000 to $500,000, of course, if thai, will
do; but I would not run the lisk of a war for
§300,000. I would not run the risk of doing
anything which ought not to be done. There
is not enough in $300,000 to run that risk, and
the Secretary of the Interior, I am told, has
recommended the §500,000. is that so?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. POMISROY. The committee who have
it in charge have recommended that. I cannot
myself go behind that recommendation unless
the Senator from Iowa has different inform-
ation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa.
Mr. WRIGHT called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 18, nays 22; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Jilair, Casserly, Cooper,
l^erry of Michigan, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Hitchcock, Lewi--. Logan, Nye, Osbom. Saulsbury,
Schurz, Stockton, Tipton, Trumbull, ami W light—18.
NAYS —- Messrs. liuckingham, Caldwell, Clayton,
Cole, Corbett,. Cragm. JBduiunds, Frelin^huysen,
Harlan. Hill, Kellogg, Kelly, Morrill ot Maine, Noi-
wood, Patterson, Potneroy, Sawyer Scott, Spencer,
Stevenson, West, andWindom—2J.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard, Bore-
man, Brownlow, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler,
Conkling, -Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Vir-
ginia, Fenton. Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan, Gil-
bert, Goldthwaite, Ha.milton of Maryland, Howe,
Johnston, Morrill ot Vermont, Morton, Pool, Pratt,
llamsey, Rice. Robertson.Shcrma.n, Sprague, Stew-
art, Sumner, Thurman, Viekers, and Wilson—33.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I offer the follow-
ing amendment:
After line twelve hundred and seventy-seven in-
sert :
And families of Santee Dakota Sioux who have
taken homesteads at or near Landrau, in Dakota
Territory.
Mr. COLE. That is merely in the heading
of the paragraph ?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLE. I have no objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. I am instructed by the
Committeeon Indian Affairs to offer an amend-
ment which was offered the other day. I under
stood it was adopted, but I find on exam-
ination that it was not adopted. It is to
strike out from line seventeen hundred and
nine to seventeen hundred and twenty-live,
inclusive, and insert the matter I send to the
Chair, which has been amended to meet some
objections then made. The simple provision
of this amendment is to allow twenty per cent,,
of the money appropriated in this appropri-
ation bill to be used for the, purchase oi' stock
for the Indians, where they may so eieet, with
any tribes with whomtliere are no treaty stipu-
lations. That is the substance of it.
The matter proposed to he inserted was read,
as follows:
It shall be the duty of the Secretary of tho Inte-
rior to make careful inquiry into the condition m
point of civilization of the several tribes mentioned
m this act; and whenever ho shall bosaiisliod that
any tribe with whom there are no treaty stipulations
has become sufficiently civilised to take care ot the
same, he shall, piovidcd said Indians shall so elect,
causc such an amount, not, exceedim?- twenty per
eenl. of the several appropriations herein, as be may
deem proper, to be expended in the purch.i>o of
stock, cattle or sheep, for the benefit of the several
tribes. Said cattle or sheep shall be turned over to
the chiefs and head-men of the several tribes for
distribution among said tribes, and the same shall
be under the exclusive care and control of the In-
dians to whom they may be distributed respectively.
The Secictaiy shall report tlieieon in detail at the
next session of Congress, showing his action under
the provisions of this section, and the progress of
such tribes respectively toward civilization, with
recommendations for such future aid by furnishing
animals and utensils for grazing and farming as may
appear useful,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I inquire whether that
is the recommendation of the department;
and if so. where it is?
Mr. CORBETT. This is recommended by
tlie Committee on Indian Affairs. It, requires
no appropriation, and has been amended so
that it will not apply to any Indians with whom
there are treaty stipulations. It has not been
recommended by the department that I know
of, but is recommended by tlie Committee on
Indian Affairs in consequence of an examina-
tion of this question and representations that,
have been made t,o the committee. On a full
hearing of the case, they determined to offer
this amendment, believing that it will be for
the best interests of the uncivilized Indians,
those that are now being settled and making
some progress toward civilization. One of the
first steps is to provide them with cattle and
such stock as they may elect. We believe
that that will be for the best interests of the
Indian tribes, and therefore we offer the
amendment.
fill-. EDMUNDS. The Committee on Ap-
propriations has not been unmindful of us
duty m considering this Indian bill on every
one of these topics. We have not only had
the reports of the Department covering all its
Indian transactions, but we have had long and
careful consultations with tlie Secretary of the
Interior and the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs upon all these topics, and no such propo-
sition as this, respecting these uncivilized and
untreated-wilh Indians whom we arc now try-
ing within a year or two to bring into civiliza-
tion, has been hinted to us by t.he gentlemen
whom wo have had before us ; and we have
endeavored, as I say, to be exhaustive in doing
our duty to the Senate in scrutinizing the dis-
position of the money which is appropriated
for this service. The obvious objection to pro-
viding cattle and stock and so on for these
uncivilized Indians, as my friend from Oregon
very properly characterizes them, whom we
are now just bringing in from the chase, and
getting so that they will stay in one place for
a little while, and who have 110 knowledge
themselves yet of the arts of civilization, is
that to turn over to them anything that they
can kill and eat will be merely providing beef
and mutton for the Indians instead of pro-
viding solid beef and solid pork for their pabu-
lum, and at the end of the year you will not
see a sheep or an ox oi a cow left with any of
the sort ol Indians to whom this applies.
The answer maybe, "Very well, they are
fed so far." So they are ; but it costs five or
six limes as much at least, I think, to provide
fresh beef and fresh mutton to feed them than
it does to provide for them in the ordinary
way of solid hard food, such as we give the
soldiers and sailors in the service of the Uni-
ted States.
1 submit, therefore, to my friend from Ore-
gon and to the Senate that it would be alto-
gether unwise and a waste of public money to
start so soon without a caretul investigation
by the Department- and of each tribe by itself
who may be covered by this amendment to
see when they have reached a point where
they can be safely trusted with carrying on the
arts of husbandry iu the way this amendment
proposes. It is, therefore, altogether prema-
ture, and I move to lay the amendment on the
table.
Mr. CORBETT. I hope I he Senator will
withdraw that motion for a moment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We have had one speech
on each side, and I only made the motion
with a view to get on with the bill. If, how-
ever, my friend insists 
I would like to state to
Very well; I withdraw
Mr. CORBETT.
the Senate 
Mr. EDMUNDS.
the motion.
Mr. CORBETT. The Commissioner of
Indian Affairs was present when this amend-
ment was offered before, and there was then
an objection urged by tbe Senator from Ver-
mont,, who is now absent, [Mr. Mokkill,]
that it applied to any Indians, including these
with whom there are treaty stipulations. I
have now changed it to apply to those with
whom there are no treaty stipulations and
to whom we can apply it without any vio-
lation of law. If the Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Edmunds] had had as much experience
and seen as many of these Indians as T have
on the frontier, where they husband their
stock, where they take care of their stock,
where they arc opposed to killing their stock,
and where they take greater care of their stock
than they do of their children almost, he
would not oppose this amendment. There is
nothing that the Indians set so great a store
by as their cattle and their horses. They will
not kill their cattle and ponies, and will not
dispose of their stock unless they are obliged
to do so. It is the last thing they will dis-
pose of.
1 believe that this will tend to civilize the
Indian by giving him stock that he may enter
into pastoral pursuits before he can commence
agricultural pursuits, that the fiist step toward
his civilization is to induce, him to take care
of flocks that they may be husbanded and
increased, that he may make some progress
toward this state of civilization. I believe
there is nothing that has been done heretofore
which will so greatly tend to that desirable
result as a provision of this kind. An appro-
priation of this amount of money for these
Indians, I believe, will tend to prevent them
from committing hostilities. If they have
stock they are fearful that in case they enter
into war their stock will be driven away and
taken from them, and that is one of the great-
est preventives against their entering into war.
1 know that has been so in our State hereto-
fore. When we have taken their stock and
driven it away there is nothing that has crip-
pled the Indians so much. There is nothing
that will tend so much to prevent their enter-
ing into war as the fact that they have stock,
and the dread that by war they will lose it.
For that reason I believe this is a wise pro-
vision. I have no interest in it more than any
other Senator on this floor. It was not origin-
ated by me, but, was presented by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs. It commends itself
to my judgment, and I urge its adoption.
Mi. EDMUNDS. I hope the Senator from
Oregon did not suppose that 1 thought lie was
tbe proprietor of the beef and the mutton that
was to be sold to these Indians, and that, he
therefore had an interest in it. By no means.
But here is just the point; and I will not take
a minute of the time of the Senate: the bill,
as the committee have reported it, provides
that the Secretary of the Interior shall obtain
information upon these points and report to
Congress at the next gpssion, showing us what
Indians jnay be thus far advanced in provid-
ing lor them S'Oel;, as it is called. Now it is
April. This bill does not go into effect until
the 1st of duly. Then after that, before this
can be carried into operation, it will be fall,
and you are to turn this stock on the Indians
in the full to have it winteied. If my fiiend
can possess his soul iu patience until we can
have an examination this summer and a re-
port at tlie short session when we can pass the
bill in the winter, and provide that m the
spring, in cose it be recommended by the Sec-
retary on examination, we may enter into this
stock business, I am sure he ought to be satis-
fied. We are leaping before we come to the
stile. I renew my motion to lay the an^nd-
ment on the table.
