THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
kijawn. Exclusive ofsuchcontingentdebt, it is safe
to say that at the olose of the present fiscal year the
outstanding debt of the State, represented bytreas-
bonds of the State, will not be less
than $3,000,000, e^cl^siv^ pf the action had at tha
present silting of the Legislature.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
^ A. BLEBSO, Oomutroller.
Hon, JOHN JiAffaoos an4 Majo? W. M. Walton.
According to my understanding, the re-
tort of Mr. Bledso, the comptroller of the
tate of Te^ag, corresponds substantially
Vith the report of the committee of the tax-
payers' convention, The statement of the
treasurer of Texas, we ascertained in ref-
erence to the statements of treasurers in all
these southern States, never gives the full
amount of the State debt. We knqw this to be
so,_ not only of the State of Texas, but also in
reference to Georgia, Alabama, and other
States. We have generally hac( to go to the
report of the comptroller to get the full state-
ment of the debt,
Mr. CLARK, of Teg^s. Will the gentleman
let me say a word?
Mr. BECK- Certainly.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. I wish to ask the
tan tie man from Kentucky whether he does not
now that the Legislature after the taxpayers'
convention reduced the taxes so that the present
tax is only $1 17 on $100 ?
Mr. BECK. On that subject I wish to say
this, and I am glad my attention has been
called to it; after the tax-payers' convention
met and made their report showing the out-,
rageous conduct of the Governor in this, that
after au act of the Legislature which had been
passed for the benefit of the public schools
of the State, levying a tax of one per cent,
which would amount to $2,000,000, became a
law_ by reason of the failure of the Governor
to sign it, and that five days afterward a sub-
sequent act was passed reducing the tax for
that purpose from one per gent, to one eighth
of one per eent., repealing the first law ; after
the second law had repealed the first one, the
Governor undertook, in violation of the con-
stitution of Texas, in violation of his duty,
flagrantly, wrongfully, and corruptly to sign
the first law subsequent to the time when the
second had taken effect, so as to enforce the
collection of $2,000,000, or the tax of one per
<jent. instead of one eighth of one per cent.
The tax-payers advise the people not to pay
the tax, but to appeal to the courts.
After thiit was done the question came
before the courts, and the judges, appointed
by the Governor, decided that his action in
tbat^ regard was null and void, and the State
of Texas escaped taxation to a considerable
extent by reason of the decision of the courts,
which annulled the illegal act of the Governor.
That was how the reduction of taxation came
about. Why, Mr. Speaker, if the series of
outrages set, forth by the committee appointed
to investigate the condition of the finances of
ifexas bebut half true, no denunciation of
th,e acts of the Gaveruoi; who perpetuated them
would ^enable any marion this floor, or else-
where, fully to delineate their atrocity.
The elections were controlled by Mm. His
police were established everywhere. Men were
not allowed to carry arms, except those under
his immediate command. And yet, while there
were over one hundred and sixty thousand
registered voters in the State of Texas, he
was unable to obtain for his party over fifty
thousand votes, with all those appliances
which 1 have mentioned. I suppose the re-
port of the Republican majority of tho com-
mittee appointed to inquire iato the condition
of affairs in the late insurrectionary States
will be accepted as authority on the other side
as to the peaceable condition of the State when
the Governor took military possession of it for
corrupt partisan purposes. This is what they
say about the condition of Texas now.
" Sinea the report of General Howard in 1S68, no
demonstration of the order that has attracted any
attention has been reported in Virginia. While th^
organization is still believed to exist, it has been
native in Arkansas and Louisiana, and until very
recently in Texas. A few isolated cases of recent
occurrence are reported in Tennessee. North and
south Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, and
Mississippi have all been infested in certain locali-
ties by these bands and harassed by their crimes,
and. the committee's investigations were therefore
directed to them."
Remember, that is the state of the case re-
ported by the majority in regard to Texas.
The minority were determined to go there if
they could and investigate the conduct of the
Governor and his underlings; they submitted
a resolution that the state of things in Texas
should he investigated. The following were
the proceedings in the committee in regard to
this matter. I quote from the report,, page 291:
i.Mr' ^lair submitted the following resolution:
MesQCveIhat a sub-committee of five mem-
bers be appointed to visit the States of Louisiana,
Arkansas, I ex as, and Virginia, and make report,
jjtsipia having been inserted at the instauce of
Mr. Stevenson,
On the question,'Will the committee agree to
the resolution V the yeas and nayg were required,
and were as follows:
"Yeas-Messrs. Bayard, Beck, Blair, Cox, Rice,
Van Trump, Voorhees, an<i Waddell—8.
> Nays—Messrs. Buckley, Chandler, Coburn, Lan-
sing, Maynard, Poland, Pool, Pratt, Scofield, Ste-
venson, and Scott, (chairman,)—11.
1 So the question was determined in the negative."
Thus it appears that every Democrat voted
to go there, and every Republicau voted not
to go, the Republicans assuming that Texas
was in a perfectly quiet condition. This was
on the 20th of September, 1871, and yet at
that time the Governor of Texas had determ-
ined to oontrol the elections in his State and
put the State under martial law. He issued
his proclamation, which I find in a speech de-
livered by the gentleman from Texas, [Mr.
Conner,] on the 9th of August, 1871. In that
proclamation he prohibited crowds from assem-
bling at or near the polls. All assemblies were
presumed to be illegal unless they had his
consent. His police were authorized to dis-
perse them. But 1 need not explain its eon-
tents ; here is the proclamation, which has all
the forms of a military order:
[Circular.]
Headquarters State of Texas,
Office Adjutant Gknkuai, and Chief Polick,
Austin, Texas, August 9,1871.
To the end that thoro may be no disturbance or
intimidation at the registry of voters and about tho
polls at the coming election, the .following regula-
tions are established for the government of the offi-
cers of tho eloction, and of peace officers, State
guard, and nuhtia on duty, by order of the Gov-
ernor, at such registry and election :
I. AU persons coming to vote shall deposit their
ballots with tho least possible delay, and after this
is done they are forbidden, under any pretext* to
remain about tho polls or at tho county seat (unloss
this is their residence) during the time of oleotion,
but shaU return to their homos and usual employ-
ment; and peace officers, State guard, or militia on
duty at the polls shaU see that this regulation is
complied with,
II. All persons are forbidden to shout, jeer at, or
many way insult or annoy voters or candidates for
olhco during tho registration and election; and
peace olhoers, State guard, and militia 011 duty in
any county where such disturbances may be at-
tempted are directed at once to arrest such persons,
and, to hold them to be dealt with according to the
provisions of section eleven of the act entitled "An
act to provido for the mode and manner o-f qon-
duoting elections^ making returns, and for the pro-
tection and purity of the ballot-box," approved
August lo, 1870.
III. All gathering, combination, or assembling
ot persons m numbers at or near the county seat
during the time registration is being made* or the
election is going on, and for the purpose of intim-
idating voters, is forbidden; and should any such
gathering, combination, or assembly take place in
any county, it shall be presumed that same is for
stud purpose of intimidating voters, if such is the
eltect ol tho same, whatever might be alleged by
such persons as the pretext thereof; and peace offi-
cers, btato guard, and militia on duty in such county
are directed to disperse such persons: Provided,
however, That in this regulation it is not intended
to interfere with persons peaceably and quietly wait-
ing at the registration office or at the polls for their
turn to register or vote, * * * * *
V. The carrying of firearms or deadly weapons of
any description during the election, unless by peace
officers, btate guard, or militia, on duty as such by
orders irom the Governor, is expressly forbidden, and
all persons violating this regulation must be ar-
rested and dealt with according to law provided in
such case.
V. The Governor, as provided by said act approved
August 15,1870, (section 52,) hereby assumes com-
mand, for and during the election, of all peace offi-
cers in the State, including sheriffs and their dep-
uties, and city or town police or marshals and their
deputies; and those officers are hereby directed to
place themselves under the direction of the officer
designated or to be designated by the Governor, as
set forth in circular orders from this headquarters,
and to aid him^in enforcing these regulations and
the laws of this State and tneUnited Statesgovern-
mg elections.
_ . EDMUND J. DAVIS, Governor.
Official:
^ JAMES DAVIDSON,
■Adjutant (reneral and Chief of Police of Texas.
About the time of the election some disturb-
ances occurred in one or two counties, and by
a proclamation dated 9th October, martial
law was proclaimed in Limestone and Free-
stone counties. The following is Governor
Davis's proclamation:
I, Edmund J. Davis, Governor of the State of
lexas, by virtue of the authority in me vested by
the constitution and laws of said State, do hereby
declare aud proclaim martial law m said counties
01 Limestone and freestone, and do order that the
laws be suspended therein, and that the issuance of
the writ of habeas corpus within, or directed to, said
counties, or either of them, be prohibited until the
Legislature now in session, shall take such action
as it may deem necessary, and until this procla-
mation is revoked ; an assessment of $50,000, or so
much thereof as xnay be nccessary, being hereby
directed to be levied and collected off the property
subject to taxation of the resident citizens of said
county of Limestone.
This was followed by an order from one of
his officers, levying a tax of $40,000 on one
of those counties to pay the expenses of his
militia. The order reads thus:
Notice—Special Military Tax.
Office Special Agent State of Texas,
Groesbeck, Limestone County, Tex ah,
October 24,1871.
«-PorsnXant t0 order3 received from Major General
A. (J. Maloy, commanding State force in Limestone
county, I am ordered to assess and levy a special
military tax of $40,000, to be paid by the citizens of
Limestone county, to defray tne expenses of military
commission and State troops now on duty in said
county.
1 therefore levy a tax of three per cent, on the
hundred dollars of all taxable property situated in
said county, as per assessment-rolls of 1871.
All persons owning property in Limestone county
are notified to appear at my office in tho city of
Grocsbcek immediately, and pay the same. All
persons refusing or failing to pay said tax within
three days from above date, ten per cent, will bo
added, and their property levied upon and sold to
satisfy said tax.
„ . , , GEORGE W. FARROW,
Special Agent State of Texas for Limestone County.
After all that was done, when the gentleman
from Texas [Mr. Clark] himself, who is now
defending his Governor, was beaten by a large
majority, according to the legal returns, Gov-
ernor Davis saw fit to throw out the entire
votes of four counties, which had given large
majorities for the other candidate, and threw
out all the vote cast for Mr. Giddings in Wash-
ington county, and gave the certificate to the
gentleman who has just addressed the House.
I would speak of those acts, which of them-
selves would condemn any man, but for the
fact that they are yet to come before Congress
for adjudication. I will not therefore now
alludo to them further. But I will say that a
Federal grand jury has indicted the Governor
for grave offenses, and_ he stands indicted to-
day by a jury, as I am informed by one of the
members from Texas, composed of seventeen
Republicans and three Democrats.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. That is not so.
Mr. BECK. The judge himself is a Re-
publican, and all the judicial power is in the
hands of that party. An extra has been
handed to me, issued from, the office of a
paper from which, 1 believe, the gentleman
from Texas [Mr. Clabk] read. I will read it.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. What paper is that
from ?
Mr. BECK. This is an extract of the States-
man, published at Austin, Texas, and is as
follows:
Governor Davis a Refugee.—When the United
States marshal, with capias in hand, approached E.
J. Davis, the said Davis, on his honor as a man and
a gentleman, pledged his word to be present when-
ever called for, to answer the indictment of the
Federal grand jury for violation of the Ku JUux
law and giving false certificates as to the result of
the election in October, 1871, for Congressmen, but
said at the same time that the marshal would near
from Washington in the course of a few days.
