424
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 3,
Ho. of Rbps.
The Tariff—-Mr. Sutherland.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
that our credit has beejn reestablished : all talk
of repudiation has died Out, and the public
debt, ho longer looming as a mighty bugbear,
is looked upon as a legacy from the war not
only to be borne without discontent, bat in due
course to be so reduced that men now living
will see its last dollar paid.
Do gentlemen realize that there has been
paid into the Treasury as net revenue from the
people in the last eight years the enormous
sum of $3,818,169,250 06? [do not include
in this a dollar that we have borrowed. All
loans and Treasury notes are excluded. Why,
the amount is more than seventy per cent,
larger than our present entire interest-bearing
debt. Does any man longer fear for the future
in this view?
Let us see how gold has been brought down
since 1869, and how our securities have ap-
preciated. When Mr. Boutwell took charge
of the Treasury Department in March, 1869,
United States bonds were quoted at 83 in
gold. They now sell at a premium in gold.
Gold, which was then at 138, is now at 113,
and has been as low as 110J.
OKNEHAL RESULT.
Now let me give the summing up of all this:
Reduction of annual taxation. $308,000,000 00
Reduction of annual expenditures 225,632,228 74
Reduction of prinoipal of national debt
to May 1,1872    327,719,819 29
Reduotion of annual interest on the
national debt  20,484,552 00
Mr. Speaker, that presents a record not, it
may be, so picturesque in its appeal to the
human imagination as the achievements of
war; but who will say that it is not fraught
with as much of promise for the future of the
American people 'I No thoughtful, patriotic
man shoulddareto disparage either. I do not
care to go back and revive old war issues and
old party war records. The exposition that I
have given of the financial management of the
Republican party through the President and
his administration proves that no Republican
need shun the issue presented by his party's
conduct since the war. I am by no means
certain that itscivic honors gained in these last
six years will not as profoundly impress the
future historian as the succcss with which it
conducted the administration of the Govern-
ment duritig the war.
And, sir, I have no fears that the Ameri-
can people are blind to all this luminous
record. There is to-day general content and
abiding prosperity throughout all the land.
Not every industry thrives, it may be, at that
pitch which those who pursue it desire. But
take the country all together, and consider
that the babes born during the war have not
yet half grown to man's stature, and who will
not own that our condition of thrift and
peacefulness should excite wonder and grati-
tude? The temple of war is shut, and its
door has never even forebodingly creaked on
rusty hinges since that eventful spring cam-
paign of 1865 when all the rebel armies sur-
rendered. The head of the Government on
one of the days of that same spring was
struck down by the assassin, and yet not a
wheel of the giant machinery of the Govern
merit went thereby awry. The war left to us
the whole vast domain comprising the seced-
ing States as conquered territory. Its whole
extent had been overrun by our armies and
its coast had been girdled by the constricting
line of our Navy. All its social, political,
and business relations had been broken up.
Its people, though submitting to the result
of stern war, yet acquiesced sullenly. Bands
of desperadoes lurked in its wild regions,
and refused to yield to the rule of reviving law
and order. Secret associations of men met
at night to plan outrage and murder upon
those who differed with them in politics. His-
tory is full of instances where such conditions
have been followed by generations of anarchy
and bloodshed. And yet the States are all
reconstructed and again revolve in their orbit,
with every department of Government, execu-
tive, legislative, and judicial, in full play. Four
million people of an alien race had been sud-
denly freed from a bondage that had oppressed
them for centuries, brought to the full light of
liberty by no easy gradation, and upon all
this given the last great right of the American
freemen, the ballot, and no outrage or excess
has occurred that can be said to be at the
hands of that race traceable to its new freedom
and privilege. Agriculture has again revived
in all the South, and its great staples yield a
production as valuable in money as in the
years preceding 1861.
In the North the war is hardly known except
as an exercise of the memory. Our great
armies were disbanded quietly, and melted
away among the people, and no convulsion,
social or political, followed from the sudden
return of more than a million men to the
sceues and vocations of peace. Immigration
is steadily on the increase, and no man can
tell from year to year where is that indefinable
line known as our western frontier. Our manu-
factures were never so profitable, our laborers
never so well employed. The greatest city of
the West was in the last summer half destroyed
by fire, threatening financial panic and uutold
personal Suffering, yet the country bore the
shock with hardly a Wall-street ripple. Chi-
cago is being rebuilt more imposingly thau
ever; and through the nights of the long
winter that followed upon the footsteps of the
destroying element no cry of hunger or priva-
tion has been heard from a single sufferer.
The States have been lowering their indebt-
edness, and the municipalities have in many
States almost or quite paid them to the last
dollar. Our national debt, as I have shown,
has been brought to that stage where we may
in safety either contiuue paying at the rate now
in progress, and thus clear it off in a short-lived
generation, or still further reduce taxation,
and while the interest and a smaller part of
the principal is promptly paid each year, some
part of the burden of final payment may be
left to those who succeed to our places. Truly
we have been blessed above all people. And
again I say, Mr. Speaker, that 1 have no fear
that the American people are prepared to turn
their backs on the great party through whose
administration of the Government all these
blessings have come.
The Tariff.
SPEECH OF HON. J. G. SUTHERLAND*
OF MICHIGAN,
In the House of Representatives,
May 3, 1872,
On the bill (II. R. No. 2322) to reduce duties on im-
ports, and to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes-
Mr. SUTHERLAND. Mr. Speaker, there
has been a popular expression in favor of a
reduction of taxes, and it is conceded on
all sides that some reduction is practicable.
The net receipts of the Government for the
fiscal year 1871 exceeded the expenditures
$91,146,379 64. This surplus was applied to
reduce the principal of the public debt. The
Secretary of the Treasury in his report on the
state of the finances for the year 1871 esti-
mated the receipts for the current year at
$365,198,374 60, and the expenditures for
the same period at $293,403,382 92.
On the basis of these estimates there will
be a surplus of $71,794,991 68. Since these
estimates were made the actual receipts and
expenditures of a large part of the year have
been ascertained, and they afford a surer basis
of estimate. It is now evident that there
will be a surplus of nearly one hundred mil-
lion dollars. Without a change in the laws
governing the revenues, a large yearly surplus
would continue in the future to be realized.
By departing from the policy of paying such
large sums annually on the principal of the
public debt it is obvious that taxation may be
considerably reduced. The paper currency
of the country has rapidly appreciated since
1869, and the financial measures of the Gov-
ernment have had a tendency to fortify the pub-
lic credit. Any radical change in these measures
which proposes less for the benefit of the pub-
lic creditor is a dangerous experiment. I see,
however, no reason to question the wisdom
of such a readjustment of the revenue system
as will diminish the receipts $40,000,000, and
perhaps it may be safe to carry the reduction
still further.
To accomplish this reduction two ways are
proposed. They are fundamentally different.
They are based on opposite theories of polit-
ical economy; in other words, there are two
revenue systems based on Opposite views in
respect to the powers of Congress, as well as
the best means of promoting the general inter-
est. It is contended by the advocates of one
system that revenue should be raised by levy-
ing taxes for that exclusive object; that whether
levied by excise or impost duties they should
be laid on such articles, and in such amounts,
that the Government may realize in the most
direct manner, and the taxation produce the
least other or secondary effect upon commercial
exchanges. Accordingly impost duties, it is
said, should be laid upon all such foreign
articles imported for consumption as are not
produced in this country; and secondly, a tax
should be imposed on domestic production and
traffic, because such sums are paid directly to
the Government, and add so much to the cost
of the commodities which are the immediate
subject of or directly concerned in the taxa-
tion ; and thirdly, in the last resort, by impost
duties on commodities of the same kind pro-
duced in this country. It is contended that
these should be kept at a minimum, because
the consumer, if he purchase of the domestic
producer, must pay him a bounty, above what
would be otherwise the price, equal to the tariff
on the imported article.
There is a plausibility in this theory. It has
able and patriotic defenders and advocates in
Congress and out of it. They have at different
times during the brief history of our Govern-
ment impressed their views upon its policy.
They now claim to deduce from these expe-
riences a confirmation of the wisdom and
justice of their revenue scheme.
I am not able to support such a revenue pol-
icy, but after a very careful examination of
the subject, and after availing myself of the
aid to be derived from much that has been
written*for and against it, I find the subject
so complicated with industrial and financial
problems that L shall advance my views with
diffidence, and I shall feel no inclination to de-
nounce those who differ with me. The Con-
stitution evidently sanctions the exercise of
the largest legislative discretion in respect to
the mode of raising the revenues. It declares
that—
" t'he Congress shall have power to fay and collect
taxes, duties, imports, and excises; to pay debts and
provide for the eommon defense and general welfare
of the United States."
As expounded by the highest authority, this
provision grants the power to lay and collect
taxes as means to the ends mentioned, those
of paying debts, providing for the common
defense and general welfare. It is trite to say
that the means to pay the national debt and the
current expenses of the Government should
be raised ia such manner as will be least
burdensome to all classes, and in the high-
