2268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8.
The question being put, there were—ayes
21. noes 14.
Mr. POMEROY. I think there ought to be
a quorum before we proceed further.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is too
late for objection.
Mr. POMEROY. The Chair should an-
nounce that a quorum is present, so that the
record will show that we are doing business
with a quorum ; but the count shows that we
have not a quorum. We cannot proceed un-
less by some means we ascertain that we have
a quorum.
Mr. HARLAN. I think there is a quorum
in and around the Chamber.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood that Senators in the minority sat
down before the count was concluded, the
opposition not being persisted in. The Chair
will again call for the vote on this question.
The question being again put, there were,
on a division—ayes 25, noes 13.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. LEWIS. ImovethattheSenateadjourn.
Mr. COLE. We can get through with the
bill in a little while.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not debatable.
Mr. LEWIS. X withdraw the motion.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I offer the following
amendment, to be added as a new section:
That it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the
Interior to prepare and cause to be nubhsued such
rules and regulations as he may deem necessary
or proper, prescribing the manner of presenting
claims for compensation for depredations committed
by the Indians, and the decree and character of the
evidence necessary to support such claims. He shall
caretully investigate all such claims as may be pre-
sented, subject to the rules and legulations prepared
by hmi, and report to Congress, at. each session
theieot, the nature, character, and amount ot such
claims, whether allowed by hnn or not, and the
evidence upon which his action was based.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN._ I do not think
we need to afford any facilities to have more
claims brought against the Government. There
are already one or two statutes covering that
subject. This inviting claims to be presented
to the General Government by reason of dep-
redations committed by Indians I think is a
very poor policy for this Government to adopt.
I move to lay the amendment on the table.
ilr. HITCHCOCK. I hope the Senator
will not insist upon that motion.
iM'r. FRELIXGHUYSEN. I withdraw it
if the Senator wishes to be heard.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. Mr. Resident, I am
well aware that the popular sentiment preva-
lent in this country, certainly in the eastern
portions, is that of admiration for the char-
acter and sympathy for the sufferings and
wrongs of thelndians. With that sentiment I
have no desire to antagonize. 1 have no doubt
that, it is honestly entertained, and no doubt
that it springs trom some of the tenderest and
best feelings of the human heart. But, sir, I
have noticed one remarkable fact, that it in-
creases in intensity iu exact proportion as the
distance of the residence of the person enter-
taining it is between that person and the In-
dian. In the precise ratio of the distance
between the person entenaining that senti-
ment and the India,n toward whom it is enter-
tained, that seniiment increases in intensity.
Now, sir, the Sdiator from New Jersey
says that lie sees no reason why claims
against this Government should be invited.
That is exactly true. The gentleman down
in New Jersey does see no reason why claims
should be invited against the Government;
but we who live in the neighborhood of
these Indians see reasons, we feel reasons
why claims should be paid by this Govern-
ment. We feel those reasons keenly; and
we fee] another thing, that tne Congress of the
United States, a Congress of white men, have
so changed the statute-book that to-day no
claim against Indians can be enforced unless
it clones here separately, each claim on its
individual merits, and asks Congress to pass
upon that, claim. Every Senator in this Con-
gress knows that that is practically, to all
intents and purposes, a denial of justice.
Mr. COLE. I call the attention of the
Senator to the fact that a very large number
of claims have been passed to-day without any
debate, and there can be no sort of difficulty.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I should like to_ in-
quire of the honorable Senator from Califor-
nia how many of those claims were for Indian
depredations? Will the gentleman please an-
swer that question ?
Mr. COLE. I cannot tell.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. Does he not know that
not one of them was ?
Mr. COLE. No, sir.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. He does not know that
fact. I will refer the honorable Senator to
the records. I refer the honorable Senator to
the records of this Congress, and the past
Congress, and of any other Congress for the
last five years, since the remarkably benevo-
lent sentiment has become dominant in this
body. It is a fact that no such claim, so far
as i know, has been paid or passed by this
Congress or the preceding Congress.
But, Mr. President, I did not expect and
did not wish to take up the time of this body
at this late hour. 1 wished simply to call the
attention of the Senate to the change in the
law which was followed gradually and kept
pace with the change in the sentiment of the
country on this matter. Years ago it was the
policy of this Government to encourage immi-
gration ; it was the policy of this Government
to protect the settler, after he had gone out,
from Indian depredations. I refer to the sta-
tute of 1803 on this subject, and this I will say
was the policy of the Government down to
18o!b By the statute of 1803—I read section
one hundred and one, page 434, of Brightly's
Digest—it was provided—
" It any Indian or India.ns, belonging to any tribe
in amity with the United States, shall come over or
across said boundary line, into miybcate or Terri-
tory inhabited by citizens of the United States, and
there take, steai, or destroy any horse, horses, or
other property belonging to any citizen or inhabit-
a.nt of the United States, or of either of the territo-
rial districts of the United States, or snail commit
any murder, violence, oi outrage upon any such citi-
zen or inhabitant, it shall be the duty of such citi-
zen or inhabitant, his representative, attorney, or
agent, to make application to the superintendent."
And iu conclusion it says :
" And ill the mean time, in respect to the property
so taken or destroyed, the United State* guarantee
to the party injaiedun eventual indemnification.*'
That was the policy of the Government em-
bodied in the statutes of the cauiiuy down to
that time. In 1834 the statute iu regard to
Indian intercourse embodied and used the
precise language of this act of 1803.
Mr. COLE. The statute of 1884 is in force
now.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I beg the Senator's
pardon. That statute is not in force. In 1859
Congress enacted—•
" Tnat so much of the act entitled 'An act to reg-
ulate trade and intercourse with the Indian tribes,
and to preserve peace on the frontiers,' approved
June SO, 1314, as provides that the United States
sll-ili make indemnification out of tile Treasury for
property taken or destroyed in certain cases by In-
dians trespassing on wnite men, as described in the
said act, bo, and flic same is hereby, repealed : Pro-
vidal, however, Ta.it nothing herein contained shall
be so construed as to impair or destroy the obliga-
tion of the lndians to make indemnification out of
the annuities as prescribed in said act."
Here is the first step in the chauged policy
of this country. Here is the repeal of the
act making the United States responsible, and
the limitation of any damage to the annuities of
the Indians. That was in 18-59 ; and by the act of
Congress approved July 15, 1870, section four,
even that part of it is repealed, and the suf-
ferer to-day is absolutely without any redress.
I shall be very happy if any gentleman here
can prove that there is any redress to the set-
tler except as I say in each specific case bring-
ing his claim before Congress and referring
the matter to the Committee on Claims. If
there is any, I have nothing to say ; but to pro-
vide for some well-regulated and well marked
out plan by which the settler can obtain in-
demnification for such loss, I think is a proper
subject of legislation for this Congress, and I
ask that this amendment or some similar
amendment shall be adopted. I will read that
section of the act of 1870, and then I am
quite ready that the vote shall be taken :
"And be it further enacted, That no part of the
rnonejs appropriated by this act, or which may
hereafter be appropriated in any general act or defi-
ciency bill making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses ot the Indian department,
to pay annuities due or to be used and expended for
the care and benetitof any tribe or tribes of Indians
named herein, shall be applied to tho payment of
any claim for depredations that may have been or
may be committed by such tribe or tribes, or any
member or members thereof: and no claim for In-
dian depredations shall hereafter be paid uiml Con-
gress shall make special appropriation therefor;
and all acts and parts of acts inconsistent herewith
are hereby repealed."
I think that is tolerably specific and definite.
If there is any other legislation upon the sub-
ject, T have not been able to find it, and I shall
be most happy if any gentleman will point it
out.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I renew my
motion that the amendment lie on the table.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to make
one statement, if the honorable Senator from
New Jersey will allow me.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I withdraw the
motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My honorable
friend from Nebraska undoubtedly believes he
is right in thinking that there is no indemnity
ior depredations by Indians. Under the inter-
course act of 1834 this whole subject is very
carefully provided for. That is a very strin-
gent act., providing for intercourse between
the Indians and onr own people ; and it wiil
be found that iu the sixty-seventh section of
that act this class of cases is provided for. I
will not trouble the Senate to read it, but the
provision is substantially this: that it any
Indian commits a depredation by larceny or
otherwise on the property of a citizen oi tb"
United States—I mean, of course, an Indian
belonging to a tribe with which we have treatv
stipulations—that fact may be communicated
to the superintendent of Indian affairs in that
locality, and it shall be his duty to notify the
tribe.
If the tribe make restitution, very well; if
they do not make restitution, then it shall be
his duty to communicate that fact with a spe-
cific statement to the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, and if upon notice by the Commis-
sioner ol Indian Affairs the trioe stul ne-
glects, then it is the duty of the President of
the United States to take the matter in hand
and require such restitution or compensa-
tion as he may think the case demands ; and
iu any case wnere this depredation has been
committed, and the facts are ascertained or
communicated as provided here, having treaty
stipulations with the Indians, such sum may
be deducted from their annuities. That is the
remedy.
Ihe statute to which my honorable friend
refers, and which he thinks is a repealing
cla,use of all the remedy, has not that eifect at
ali. It wiil be noticed that it excepls that
provision. There is still a remedy against
the annuities accruing under the treaties 
Mr. HITCHCOCK. Alio w me to inquire
if the Senator means to Bay that section four of
the act of 187-0 does make that exception ?
of Mame, Certainly.
Read it.
Mr. HITCIICOCK. It provides this :
I1(> claim for Iridiand«predationssh;Ul hcre-
aitcr be paid imui Congress ;-ha.lt make a special
appropriation therefor, and ail acta and parH ot
aotrf inconsistent herewith aro hereby repealed."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yea, but tlio
former part of it provides that this shall not
