1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8165
STATEMENT-Continued.
Penitentiaries.
Mississippi 
Jackson, Mississippi..
Jackson, Mississippi..
Jackson, Mississippi..
Total.
Texas 
Hunts v«ille,
Huntsvilie,
Huntsvilie,
Huntsvilie,
Huntsvilie,
Huntsvilie,
Huntsvilie,
Huntsvilie,
Huntsvilie,
Total 
Texas-
Texas..
Texas..
Texas..
Texas..
Texas..
Texas..
Texas..
Texas..
Number.
22
Term of sentence.
3 years.
4 years.
5 years.
Term of enlistment.
6 months.
1 year.
2 years.
3 years.
4 years.
5 years.
10 years.
12 years.
20 years.
For life.
Bates charged.
661 cents per diem eaoh.
50 cents per diem each.
Recapitulation.
Total number confined 346
Average term of sentence, (approximated,) four
years and fifty-two days.
Average rate charged per annum  8217 20
Average rate charged per diem  59£
Total cost of keeping prisoners now in
confinement, per annum $75,151 00
Statement showing the number of general prisoners
confined at military posts.
Port Brown, Texas    1
Fort Monroe, Virginia 3
Fort Warren, Massachusetts  1
Fort Columbus, New York harbor  29
Fort Wadsworth, New York harbor  1
Fort Ellis, Montana Territory  1
Fort Metlenry, Maryland  3
Fort Iialeigh, North Carolina  3
Fort Leavenworth, Kansas  1
Foit Davis, Texas  2
Fort Abercrombie, Dakota Territory 1
Fort Pulaski, Georgia 121
Fort Macon, North Carolina  1
Fort Shaw, Montana Territory  4
Fort Jefferson, Florida  5
Fort Union, New Mexico  12
Alcatraz Island, California 150
Omaha barracks, Nebraska 11
Sitka, Alaska  1
Fort Lapwai, Idaho Territory  1
Fort Benton, Montana Territory  1
Fort Richardson, Texas  3
Fort Bridger, Utah Territory    2
Camp Lowell. Arizona Territory  1
Fort Wood, Now York harbor 11
Camp Verde, Arizona Territory  3
Camp Douglas. Urah Territory  4
Fort Ransom, Dakota Territory  1
Fort Concho, Texas  3
David's Island, New York harbor  2
Austin, Texas  1
Total number 384
Official: E. D. TOWNSEND,
Adjutant General.
Adjutant General's Office,
January 26, 1872.
Let me add that the Secretary of War has
inaugurated this matter, has taken great in-
terest in it, and has recommended it in his
general report, and in special letters to the
committee. He sent out a commission las't
summer, who inspected the Canadian military
prisons and reported minutely upon the sys-
tem, and I believe there is not a member of
the House who will not indorse it heartily.
I move the previous question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Before the gen-
tleman does that, I desire to ask him one ques-
tion : whether he has considered the expenses
of transportation ; the expenses of sending con-
victs from such widely separate points as Alaska
and Florida to Rock Island ?
Mr. COBURN. In reply to the gentleman
from Ohio I will say that these men are now
transported great distances. For instance, at
the Arkansas penitentiary there are thirty-
eight men ; at Leavenworth, Kansas, there
are fifty-four men; atHuntsviile, Texas, there
are thirty-two men ; at Baton Rouge, Louisi-
ana, there are one hundred and twenty men.
They are scattered all over. I think the
average expense of transportation would not
be necessarily much increased by this bill,
and will be but a small item compared with
other expenses now borne.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I quite agree
with the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs that there is no darker spot in our
whole military service than our present prison
system. I visited Bedloe's Island a few months
ago and saw the military prison there, and I
do not believe a man can well see a sadder
sight, and one that will make him really more
indignant at our system of military discipline
and punishment, than he can witness at that
island; and anything that would alleviate or
raise the character of that system of punish-
ment, and reform it, I would be most heartily
glad to join in helping. My only fear is that
it we were to have one great prison in the
center of so' great a country as this, where
prisoners must be sent from Alaska, Florida,
Maine, and California under escorts, there
would be a very considerable addition to the
expense.
Perhaps the benefits of the system will be so
much greater than its disadvantages that the
bill ought to pass. I certainly do not raise any
objection to the bill; I only wish to call
attention to this particular view of the matter.
Mr. COBURN. The majority of the sol-
diers of the Army are employed upon the
Indian frontier, and nearer Rock Island than
almost any other place we can get for this pur-
pose. it is better to build one prison than two.
Another may be needed hereafter ; let us build
one well. I call attention to the following
documents, especially one in relation to the
punishments sometimes inflicted in the Army,
such as branding or otherwise indelibly mark-
ing the prisoners. The attention of the com-
mittee has been called to the abominable
cruelties occasionally inflicted upon soldiers
by sentences of court-martial or by orders ot
Army officers. To the credit of the army be it
said such instances are rare, and always
discountenanced and denounced.
The documents referred to are as follows:
[From the Army and Navy Journal, January 13,1872.]
We commend the following emphatic remarks of i
General McDowell upon the subject of branding as 1
a punishment to the special attention of officers '
serving upon courts-martial, and to officers review- !
ing their proceedings: J
" In the case of Private Adam Slaybeck, battery
C, first artillery : it has been the rule at these head- I
quarters to recognize the tact that there are differ- ■
ent grades of criminality in the military offense ot !
desertion. That a recruit, led off by companions, !
or by home-sickness, or unfamiliarity with his new
life and partial ignorance of its laws, is not to be ,
punished the same as an old soldier, nor as much
as in the aggravated ease of repeated desertion, or
desertion alter pardon, or desertion of a non-com-
missioned officer, or desertion, accompanied by con- ,
spiracy, violence, theft, or other crime. And further, i
that a man should not be deemed forever lost to the ,
service and be dishonorably discharged Iroin it for a ;
first and simple offense, for which his after life may
fully atone. In fact the records of the department
for the last three years show that in nearly if not
fully half the cases ot sentence to ' dishonorable
discharge,' accompanied by long confinement, where
the dishonorable discharge has been disapproved by
the department commander and the confinement
reduced, the mitigated sentence has finally been
entirely remitted; and this invariably on the earn-
est application of the prisoner's officers on account
of their belief that it would be for the good of the
service.
! The case of Private Slaybeck was that of a man
1 who had not been three months in the service, of
j whom it was said in evidence that he 4 was a very
good, clean soldier,' and 'the last man whom the
witness thought would desert/ It was the case of a
man who voluntarily surrendered himself after a
short absence. Yet this mild case has received the
severest sentence that has yet come to department
! headquarters—a sentence, moreover, which not only
seems vindictive, but is of a character that has been
condemned both here and at the War Department.
! " It is true that it has been customary to mark m-
delibly the body of certain prisoners, as it was once
the practice to brand them on the face with a hot
iron; but such punishment as that given by the
court has become so abhorrent to the present state
of society that it is nut too much to say that if it
, were generally known to be still insisted upon in the
, Army, Congress would be allowed no rest till it had
; abolished it, even if ithad toabohsh the Army along
i with it.
" In this connection attention is again called to
General Orders No. 23, series of 1869, from these
, headquarters, in the ease of Private Bell, fourth
; artillery, an extract from which is republished as an
appendix hereto.
"So much of the sentence in this case as directs
| the accused ' to be indelibly marked with the letter
D one and a half inches long on the left hip,' and so
; much as requires him ' to be dishonorably discharged
i and bugled out of the service/ and so much as
requires him to be confined more than six months,
is, for the reasons before set forth, disapproved.
! The remainder ot the sentence is approved, and,
1 subject to the foregoing remarks, the proceed-
ings are approved and confirmed. The sentence as
modified will be duly carried into effect at the station
of his battery.
Extract from remarks in case of Private Bell, fourth
artillery.
"In this connection the following opinion of the
Judge Advocate General, pages 305 and 306, para-
graph three, which is entirely approved by the de-
partment commander, is published for the guidance
. of future courts in this department.
r _ " The punishment of branding rests for its sanc-
' tion in this country upon the custom of the service.
This custom, however, is opposed to its infliction m
] any mode which might be deemed cruel or unneces-
I sarily severe. Branding with a hot iron is therefore
j discountcnanced, and a sentence of marking the
I, letter D, in indelible ink on the cheek should be
I disapproved. The ordinary practice is to mark this
! letter iu ink upon the hip. But the penalty of
\[ branding, marking, or tatooing, however mildly it
j1 may be executed, is regarded as against public policy
ji and opposed to the dictates of humanity, and conse-
:| quentJy as not conducive to the interests of the ser-
!' vice. The effect of fixing upon an offender an inef-
; faceable brand of guilt must be to deprive him of
the Iocuh pienUentice which modem legislation, as
j, well as true philanthropy, is careful to extend to the
!' criminal, and almost hopelessly to discourage him
i in making an attempt to retorm his life. There is,
indeed, in this punishment a certain merciless qua) -
ity which might well characterize the code of a less
civilized period, but is certainly abhorrent to the
sense and judgment of an enlightened age. It is
conceived, therefore, that if reviewing officers should
n> general remit that part of a sentence of court-
martial which imposes this peualty upon the de-
serter, they would materially promote the welfare
of the military service/
" And so held in regard to branding or marking
with the lettei T upon a conviction of theft. For
similar reasons, held that the punishment of shaving
the head or beard and of drumming or bugling out
ot the service, involve a degree of degradation ordin-
arily uncalled for, and believed to be opposed to
the better sense of the Army, and shouldnot, there-
fore, be employed, except, perhaps, in extreme
eases."
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
lead a third time ; and being engrossed, it, was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COBURN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
