1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2269
interfere with the remedy against the annuities
of the tribe.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. That is a mistake.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think I am
right about it. Now, a word aboat the reme-
dies in the case of Indians with whom we have
no treaties. This Government cannot afford
to send a roving commission out on the plains
to gather such evidence as they please to set-
tle the question with those Indians. There
are two sides to this question. Although I
do not believe at all that my sympathies with
the Indians or my prejudices in their behalf
are such as to influence my judgment in this
matter, I know a little something about the
history of these things. And I remember that
within two years we had a bill before the Sen-
ate relative to the removal of some Indians
from their lands, making compensation for it,
and there was a claim put upon the record here
voluntarily to pay to those Indians $50,000
for property stolen from them by the whites.
I only mention that as a significant fact
showing that very likely upon the borders
there is this conflict, and there are depreda-
tions upon one side and the other; but the
remedy is a simple one. Whenever such
parties have a claim, they must come here and
have it adjudicated. [ think, however, that
the intercourse law will be found to be ample
as it is. But for outlying tribes with whom
we have no treaty stipulations, I should hardly
think it would be a fit thing to send out a com-
mission to gather statistics. At any rate it
ought to apply to both sides.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I dislike very much to
take the time of the Senate. 1 know that it is
very easy for gentlemen who live fifteen hun-
dred or two thousand miles away from the In-
dians, to suppose that they are entirely peace-
able, that there is no trouble with us on the
borders. I should like very much if the mat-
ter could go over until to-morrow; 1 desire to
present some facts on the subject.
Mr. COLE. I appeal to the Senator to let
us have a vote on the amendment, and not on
the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I have several amend-
ments to propose.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Ne-
braska desires to address the Senate. He has
never taken any time in the Senate I know
lie has some desire to address the Senate on
this subject. 1 move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. COLE. I am speaking of this particu-
lar amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. He has several amend-
ments. It is now five o'clock, and I move that
the Senate adjourn. I suppose the Senator
from Nebraska iias the floor.
Mr. COLE. I hope we shall get through
with this bill before we adjourn to-night.
The PRESIDING OFFICE 11. The motion
is not debatable. The Senator from Kansas
moves that the Senate do now adjourn.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 20, noes 18.
Mr. COLE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas arid nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 14; as follows:
YJGAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Caldwell, Citsserly, Clay-
ton, Cooper, Cragin. Davis of e.-'t Virginia, Hill,
Hitchcock, Kellogg. Kelly, Lewis, Logan, Norwood,
Nye, Osborn, Patterson, i.'oinuiuy, Ramsey, Robert-
son, Saulsbury, Scott, rilevunson, Stewart, Tipton,
and West—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Buckingham, Cole, Ed-
munds, Kerry of Michigan, i'relmgliuysen, Ilamlin,
Harlan, Morrill ot Maine, Sawyer, Spencer, Wilson,
Winilom, and Wright—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Blair, Bore-
man, Brownlow, Oameion, Carpenter, Chandler,
Conkling, Corbett, Davis of Kentucky, Penton,
Ferry ot Connecticut, Jlanagan, Gilbert, Gold-
thwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas,
Hoivc, Johnston, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Pool, Pratt, Bice, Schurz, Sherman, Sprague, Stock-
ton, Sumner, 'i'hurman, Trumbull, and Vickers—33.
So the motion was agreed to; and (at five
o'clock and fourteen minutes p. m.) the Sea-
ate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, April 8, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain. Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order during the morning hour
is the calling of the States and Territories for
the introduction of bills and joint resolutions
for reference to their appropriate committees,
not to be brought back into the House, by
motions to reconsider. Under this call memo-
rials and resolutions of State and territorial
Legislatures may be presented for printing and
reference. The morning hour now begins, at
four minutes past twelve o'clock.
asivtic commercial company.
Mr. PETERS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2209) to incorporate the Asiatic Commercial
Company ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
iia lib an p. eggleston.
Mr. HALE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2210) granting relief to Harlan P. Eggleston ;
which was read a first and second time, referred
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
presidential electors.
Mr. POLAND introduced a joint resolntion
(II. No. 12G) declaratory of the intent and
meaning of section one of article two of the
Constitution of the United States ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that for the presidential election of 1872
each State shall be entitled to appoint electors
in proportion to its representation in the
Forty-Third Congress.
public lands.
Mr. BUFFINTON presented a joint resolu-
tion of the general court of the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts, in relation to a transfer of
the public lauds of the United States to cor-
porations ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
william J. rick.
Mr. KELLOGG introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2211) for the relief of William J. Rice;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
and ordered to be printed.
ALONZO SNYDUll.
Mr. LAMPORT introduced a bill (H. li.
No. 2212) for the relief of Alonzo Snyder,
of Livingston county, New York ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
shipping on atlantic coast.
Mr. COX introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2218) to protect shipping on the Atlantic coast
from destructive easterly gales; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to bo
printed.
brio georgia.
Mr. SWANN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2214) to change the name of the brig Georgia,
of the port of Baltimore, Maryland; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
postmasters in rebel states
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, introduced abill
(H. R. No. 2215) to authorize the Postmaster
General to credit the postmasters in the States
lately in rebellion with the stamps and stamped
envelopes taken from them by paramount
force, or lost or destroyed without the fault
of the said postmaster, and to refund any
money since paid for the same so taken, lost,
or destroyed ; which was read a first, and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to
be printed.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. McINTYRE introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 221G) to relieve from political disabilities
M. S. Verdery, of Chatham county, Georgia;
which was read a lii-st and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
oidered to be printed.
Mr. B1GBY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2217) to relieve certain persons therein named
from legal and political disabilities imposed
by the fourteenth amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States; which was read a
first, and second time, referred to the. Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
port of entry, atlanta, georgia.
Mr. YOUNG introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2218) to establish a port of entry in the city
of Atlanta, Georgia; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. HANDLEY introduced a bill (Ii. R.
No. 2219) for the removal of the political dis-
abilities of certain citizens of the State of
Alabama ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
jasper n. pittman.
Mr. HANDLEY also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2220) for the relief of Jasper N. Pitt-
man ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 2221) for the relief of the civil
and political disabilities of certain citizens of
Mississippi; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORPH1S introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2222) to remove the civil and political
disabilities from certain citizens therein named ;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
improvement of calca'sieu river.
Mr. SYPIIER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2223) to provide for the improvement of Cal-
casieu river, in the State of Louisiana ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
mexican titles in arizona.
Mr. UPSON introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2221) in relation to Mexican titles to land
within the Territory of Arizona ; which was
read a, first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Private Laud Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
manhattan township, ohio.
Mr. PECK introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2225) to authorize the trustees of Manhattan
township to select land for school purposes ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and oideied to be printed.
andrew morrison.
Mr. GOLLADAY introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 222G) for the relief of Andrew Morrison,
a citizen of Tennessee ; which was read a fir.-t
and second time, referred to the Committee
of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
