1872.J
Appendix to the congressional globe.
m
42d Cong....2d Sbss.
The Tariff—Mr. Sutherland.
Ho. op Reps.
est practicable degree promotive of the gen-
eral welfare. This expression, "the gen-
eral welfare." includes all the elements of
uational well-being; it comprehends whatever
is essential or conducive to the present or
fnture prosperity of the country. The best
domestic policy to be pursued, while it recog-
nizes the existence of all the industries of the
world, the excellences as well as defects of
every foreign polity, is that which undertakes
to secure to our own citizens the largest measure
of safe freedom of action, equality in the en-
joyment of the means of individual comfort,
and progress in the acquisition of wealth.
Such a policy would afford, as far as any
governmental policy can, the needed incen-
tives to the diffusion of knowledge, the stim-
ulus most promotive of general intelligence,
of progress in that comprehensive and cath-
olic civilization which is a sure basis of
individual happiness, as it is the best pledge
of the perpetuity of good government.
No system of political economy can be re-
garded as a success if it tends to diminish the
incentives to industry, if it tends to close the
avenues to profitable labor so that idleness or
extreme poverty must result to any consider-
able class of our population. On the other
hand any legislation that establishes a civil
polity which promotes industry by providing
a diversified demand for labor, and, as a con-
sequence, lucrative employment for every
variety of talent and aptitude, must be regarded
as highly meritorious and politic.
All import duties laid on articles not pro-
duced in this country and which are univer-
sally used, that enter into the general con-
sumption, as all excise taxes on the products
or the traffic in the products of home indus-
try, decrease the producing power of the
country by reducing the net earnings of the
producer, and by diminishing the fund on
which he depends for his reward.
Tea and coffee are articles in common use
among all classes. If no duty is laid upon
tliem they wi.l be cheaper t,o the iabo.er; they
can be procured by liiin with a smaller part of
his wages; and unless other changes are made
in thetaiiff, his wages will not be decreased
by these staples of his consumption becom
ing a lighter burden upon his slender means.
The same may be said of any other articles
of food or of clothiug which he must purchase,
and by being free of duty are made cheaper
to him without any loss in the rate of his
wages.
The amount that has been raised by import
duties on tea and coffee has been contributed
by the rich and poor, not in proportion to their
respective means of payment, but according
to their consumption. There is greatly less
disparity between the quantities they consume
than between the amounts of their estates or
their ability to pay. To the extent, therefore,
that revenues have come from this source they
have been contributed disproportionately by
the poor; they have paid more than their due
share. The repeal of these duties will be a
deserved relief to men of moderate mean*
who have in the past paid more than their
proper proportion for the support of the Gov-
ernment.
Of course if an abatement of the duties
charged on other articles in general use, even
of domestic manufacture or production, would
afford equal or greater relief to the laborer or
persons of moderate income, the repeal of the
duties on tea and coffee is entitled to no par-
ticular commendation as a measure for their
special relief. The merit of this relief which
is claimed for it, and which I think cannot be
disputed, is that it reduces the cost of living
to the laborer without a reduction or tendency
to reduce his wages. That it reduces the cost
of living is manifest; that it will not reduce
his wages is obvious., for the repeal cannot
diminish the value of anything he produces
nor the demand for or price of any product of
his labor. The repeal of these duties alone
will reduce the revenues and lighten the bur-
dens of taxation upon the general consump-
tion, according to the statistics of the last
fiscal year, to the amount of $19,292,093 44.
The repeal of internal taxes upon home
manufactures and their distribution, and upon
the capital which such industries employ, by
diminishing the cost will stimulate production
and a consequent demand for labor. The
immediate and obvious effect will be to aug-
ment the fund out of which labor is paid. In
this way such a modification of the revenue
laws which originated in the war, if it could
extend to the entire removal of all such ex-
cises and charges, would be a vefy desirable
relief to every branch of domestic industry.
A partial repeal or reduction would be felt at
once as a relief so far as it extends. In my
judgment, if there cannot be a repeal of all
internal taxes there should be no invidious
distinction, by retaining thetaxuponparticular
industrial interests without a reduction equal
to the entire removal of them from others.
The revenue of the Government should be
raised chiefly, and, if practicable, wholly, by
duties on imports—on articles of foreign pro-
duction which, in our markets, compete with
the products of domestic labor and capital.
I shall not attempt to epitomize the many
arguments that conclusively establish the wis-
dom and justice of this system of national econ-
omy. We have a largo area of territory,
stretching through twenty degrees of latitude,
embracing the best climates, and extending
advantageously east and west to the oceans
that bound the continent. Our natural re-
sources are abundant, and largely exceed
those of any other nation. Their extent and
variety are such as to afford full scope to the
enterprise and energy, and sufficient to supply
the wants, of a dense population. These _re-
so&rces can be utilized. t.he whole nation
kept in employment, and as a result of the in-
centive and means thus derived, the virtue
and intelligence of all classes can and will be
cultivated.
The competition without, restriction of some
sort of the products of underpaid labor and
cheap capital of other countries would crip-
ple and narrow the range of our home indus-
tries. Considering only the volume of our
productions, such a cause would materially
retard the growth of national wealth ; and con-
sidering the inevitable sacrifice of that divers-
ity of pursuit which is needful for the encour-
agemeutof general industry among the people,
such a cauSB would largely increase pauperism
and illiteracy. A comparison ot the State
under the influence of such a hmderance with
that in which the full productive power of the
country is developed arid remunerated would
render palpable the calamitous tendency of
free trade.
it is'fortunate that during the whole period
of our national history it has been the steady
fiscal policy to raise the revenues of the Gov-
ernment from customs. This policy has been
most beneficial, and during those periods
when these duties have been most protective
of those great branches of industry that require
skilled labor, our national progress was most
rapid. They were periods of plenty.
It must come to pass that if judicious pro-
tection is afforded to those industries that are
suited to our climate, resources, and wants, the
products of labor in this countiy will always
be in demand, and competition amongdomestic
producers will regulate the price according to
the standard of cost. For that reason, ail in-
digenous industries will have equal protection,
whether foreign goods enter the list or not. In
those lines of production that supply local
wants, or a cisaltantic market, a domestic
supply will keep pace with the demand if- the
skill to produce exist. The skill will always
grow if the demand and the material to be
wraught into supply coexist. Foreign supply
will ever be on the alert, but if such customs
duties are imposed as place the imports at a
slight disadvantage, the payment of them by
the foreign producer for the privilege of enter-
ing into the competition in our markets will
have no tendency to increase the price to the
consumer beyond a remunerative standard.
The revenues thus realized will not be taken
from the consumer nor the home producer.
They will be paid by the foreigner who seeks
our market. His commodities, united . with
the domestic supply and thus competing with
it, will tend to reduce prices; at all events, t.o
prevent excessive prices by combination or
monopoly. In many instances in the course
of the frequent fluctuations of the tariff, par-
ticular domestic productions have been de-
pressed by foreign competition not being suf-
ficiently restrained by duties on imports. On
the increase of those duties the price of the
American product has advanced, but not be-
yond the standard of normal value. That
standard with reference to all the products of
American labor it is our interest, a national
interest, to maintain. It is that value in which
all the factors have due recognition—the raw
material, and the labor which ha3 transformed
it—it is the value which amply covers both in-
vestments and makes no invidious distinction
between them.
No truer words were ever spoken than those
of Sir John Barnard Byles:
"It cannot bo repeated too often that a nation,
whether she buy from abroad or produce at home,
can have no more than she produces. The devel-
opment of her domestic producing forces is there-
fore the true and only sound test of her prosperity."
There is a plausibly-stated objection to this
policy of protection that it obliges one class,
the consumer, to conrribute without return or
compensation to enrich the producer; that
such a tariff as excludes imports obliges the
consumer to rely whol y on the home producer,
and to pay the larger price of production here
where labor coium mds better wages, or that a
taiiff which falls short of prohibition obliges
the con-uimer to pay for the imported and
domestic article an enhanced price; that so
much of the enhanced price as the domestic
producer is able to realize on account ot
such duties is a bounty paid him by the con-
sumer.
There would be force in this objection if it
were true in fact that one class were obliged
to pay without return to enrich another; there
would be force in it if the purchasing cla-ses
were separate from and independent of the
producing classes, and t.hpy had no interests
in common. The fact is otherwise. All classes
fulfill the character of producers furnishing
service or capital, and also ot con*umers; and
all the producing interests are mutually so
dependent that no one can say its markei is
sure without regard to any other. 'I here are
some industries, however, that have less to fear
directly from foreign competition than^others.
Agriculture needs no duty to protect its pro-
ducts from disastrous competition from abroad.
The reasons are obvious ; the impossibility ot
transporting perishable and bulky articles a
long distance at- a profit. But agricuhure m y
be embarrassed by home competition a i^ing
from a supply greater than the demand. Tins
is always uuf'ortunate to the (armer, and a per-
P'-tual glut is fatal. The diversity of employ-
ment which.springs from the tariff pro:ectK u
of manufactures and the mechanic arts reduces
agricultural production and increases the de-
mand which supports it. Indirectly, therefore,
a change of policy which would destroy that
protection would destroy that diversification
of industry, which is the solid foundation of
agricultural as well as all other industry.
