1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4061
crockeryware I should be very sorry to see
squelched.
Mr. SCOTT. If it is in my power, I will
withdraw the reservation of that amendment,
so that it may stand as it is, and let us proceed
with the bill.
Mr. BLAIR. I do not understand that it
is in the power of the Senator to do that.
Mr. SCO IT. I make inquiry whether it is
or not.
Mr. BLAIR. I suggest to the Senate that
but for the reservation made by the Senator
from Pennsylvania I should have made it my-
self, a,nd I do not think he has a right to with-
draw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the sense of the Senate must be taken
on the pending amendment. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri to the amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. BLAIR called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered: and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 19, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn. Bayard, Blair, Casserly,
Cooper, Fenton, Goidthwaite, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, Hitchcock, Johnston,
Kelly, Norwood, Ransom, Sherman, Stevenson,
'Trumbull, Vickers, and Wright—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Buckingham,
Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Ferry of
Michigan. Flanagan, Frelingliuysen, Gilbert, Ilowe,
Kellogg, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Pomeroy, Pool, Sawyer, Seott,
Sprague, and Wilson—24.
ABSENT—Messrs.Boreman, Brownlow, Caldwell,
Cameron, Carpenter, Clay tun, Davis of Kentucky,
Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds, Ferry of Con-
necticut, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill, Lewis, Nye, Osborn,
Patterson, Pratt, Kamsey, Rice, Robertson, Sauls-
bury, Sehurz, Spencer, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner,
Thurman, Tipton, West, and Windom—31.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
boy in the chair.) The question is on concur-
ring in the amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole.
The amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
reserved amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The next reserved
amendment is on page 7, section three. In
Committee of the Whole the Senate struck
out the third section of the House biil in
the following words :
That the provisions of section six of the act ap-
proved March 3, 1835, entitled " An act amendatory
of certain acts imposing duties upon foreign import-
ations," shall not be held to apply to the articles
mentioned in the act approved March 2,1867. entitled
"An act to provide revenue from imported wool,
and for other purposes."
And inserted in lieu thereof the following:
That there shall be hereafter collected and paid
on all goods, wares, and merchandise of the growth
or produce of countries east of the Cape of Good
Hope, (except raw cotton and raw silk, as reeled
from the cocoon, or not further advanced than tram,
thrown, or organzine,) when imported from places
west of the Cape of Good Hope, a duty of ten per
cent, ad valorem, in addition to the duties imposed
on any such ai ticle when imported directly from the
place or places of their growth or production.
Mr. SHERMAN. I had that reserved merely
for the purpose of submitting it to the Sen-
ate. I have received many letters, probably
other Senators have, saying that in conse-
quence of the act repealing the duty on tea
and coffee actual orders have been sent for
the importation of tea and coffee from west
oi the Cape of Good Hope; that is, from Eng-
land and Holland, and that this section would
cut them off from having their orders exe-
cuted. I think myself this section ought to
be poslponed uutil the 1st of October or the
1st of January. I should be perfectly will-
ing to lake the judgment of the Senator from
Connecticut [Mr. Buckingham] on that point,
so as not to interfere with any orders actually
given under the existing law.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I think the very
statement which the Senator makes is a very
strong argument for striking out that section
entirely. It is applicable to tea, to wool, to
almost every article which is brought from east
of the Cape of Good Hope.
Mr. SHERMAN. The point I wished to
make is as to the time. The constituents of
the Senator from Connecticut and persons in
New York represent to me that they have, in
view of the law, which only repealed the dif-
ferential duty as to tea and coffee, given actual
orders. What time would enable those orders
to be fulfilled ?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I do not think we
ought to legislate in reference to those orders.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the point I want
to get at. On the main question I know I
differ with the Senator; but the Senate having
decided that question, I am perfectly willing
to fix it so as not to interfere with actual orders
outstanding.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The orders are pos-
sibly in consequence of the law as it now
stands, and I say the law as it now stands is
in accordance with the wishes of the majority
of the large mercantile houses in New York a
few weeks ago. If they have any other idea,
it is in consequence of orders which they have
given in anticipation.
ftfr. SHERMAN. I move to strike out the
word "hereafter," and say "on and after the
1st day of October next," if that time is suf-
ficient to allow all orders to be executed. This
is now the law, and it is only intended to avoid
one of the effects of the act we passed some
time ago as to tea and coffee.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio to the amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
reserved amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. In Committee of the
Whole the following clause, lines nine to
twenty-two, was stricken out:
On all burlaps, and like manufactures of flax,
jute, or hemp, or of which flax, jute, or hemp shall
be the component material of chief value, except-
ing such as may bo suitable for use as bagging for
covering cotton, or for the uses to which such bag-
ging is applied, thirty per cent, ad valorem ,* on all
oil-cloth foundations or floor-cloth canvas, made of
flax, jute, or hemp, or of which flax, jute, or hemp
shall be the component material of chief value,
forty per cent, ad valorem.on all bags, cotton bags,
aijd bagging, and all other like manufactures, not
herein otherwise provided for, and not suitable for
use as bagging for covering cotton, composed wholly
or in palt of flax, hemp, jute, gunny-cloth, gunny-
bags, or other material, forty percent .ad valorem.
Ana in lieu thereof the following words
were inserted :
On cotton bagging, or other manufactures, not
otherwise provided for, suitable for the uses to
which cotton bagging is applied, composed in whole
or in part of hemp, jute, flax, gunny-bags, gunny-
cloth, or other material, and valued at seven cents
or less per square yard, one and one half cents per
pound; valued at over seven cents per square yard,
two and one fourth cents per pound.
Mr. SHERMAN. I made that reservation
merely to reserve the lines stricken out so
as to go to the committee of conference with
both the burlaps and flax questions. The rate
here on fine flax is only three per cent. It
should either be made free or it ought to be,
" valued at twenty-five cents per pound, three
fourths of a cent a pound." I wish it stricken
out so that it shall go with the preceding
clause, and if there is any explanation, say in
the House or by the conference, it can be set-
tled.
Mr. COLE. I wish to amend the clause to
be inserted by striking out in line twenty-nine
the words "and a fourth," so that the rate will
be two cents a pound. That is quite enough.
1 have not taken any part in this bill, and I
think I am now asking very little. Then it
will read: "on bagging less than seven cents
per yard, one and a half cents per pound, and
on that which is worth over seven cents, two
cents per pound."
Mr. SHERMAN. This section reduces the
duty on cotton bagging twenty-five per cent.
There is great complaint made all over the
country in regard to it. My impression is that
we have gone entirely too far in that direction,
and that cotton bagging ought hot to have been
reduced over ten per cent., like other things.
There is wide complaint from Missouri, Ken-
tucky, Ohio, and Indiana, and other western
States where they manufac'ture hemp and flax
into bagging. If the point was raised I should
be disposed to put cotton bagging into the ten
per cent, reduction. I think myself we have
stricken the interest of hemp and flax in this
clause more severely than any interest in this
bill. If the point is made I shall insist on a
revision of the whole question.
Mr. BLAIR. I raise the question.
Mr. COLE. My object in making the mo-
tion was to get the gunny-bags and the gunny-
cloths more particularly. I did not take into
view the fact whether they were made of flax
or cotton. But these articles are used very
extensively by the farmers in California in
putting up their wheat for transportation. It
is a very great burden; and there are great
difficulties in getting sufficient material this
year to accommodate the market. 1 will, ■
however, withdraw the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The question is
on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
reserved amendment was on page 12, line one
hundred and fifteen of section four.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to trans-
pose the words "tin plates and" after the
word "iron," so as to read, "on iron and
tin plates."
Mr. SHERMAN. It is only to correct the
phraseology.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection, and the correction will be
made. The amendment, as amended, is con-
curred in.
The next reserved amendment was on page
13, after line one hundred and thirty of sec-
tion four, to insert the following paragraph :
On saltpeter, crude, one cent per pound; partially
refined, one and a half cents per pound; refined,
two cents per pound.
Mr. SAWYER. On that I wish to say a
word or two. In the first place, I will read a
portion of a letter from a gentleman who
knows very much about this business, and the
mention of whose name would carry with it
a good deal of influence, but I do not choose
to give it. In reference to the history of its
manufacture in this country he says:
"Previous to the late war all the saltpeter of
the world was obtained from the East Indies; the
demands of the war, and the prohibition of the ex-
port by England during the Trent affair, induced
the establishment of the manufacture here of salt-
peter from nitrate of soda. The manufactories en-
gaged in the production of saltpeterm this country
now supply about three eighths of our consumption ;
the quality is pure, and Government experiments
establish that the domestic article h equal to any
made anywhere. During ourwar powder made from
it was largely used by our Navy.
'* The House of Representatives has placed salt-
peter. and with it gunpowder, upon the free list.
This will wholly destroy the manufacture of salt-
peter Irom nitrate of soda, and greatly injure the
manufacture of saltpeter. It is very desirablo that
the manufacture of saltpeter should be continued
here, and that we shall not be dependent upon Great
Britain for either of these articles.
"The legislation in the House of Representatives
has been hurried, and important interests should
not be destroyed without adequate reason."
Now, I have to say further that if saltpeter
is put on the free list, it will entirely stop the
manufacture in this country of the domestic
article, and will throw the whole saltpeter
interest into the hands of the importers from
the Bast Indies. The importers from the East
Indies will then deal with the large powder
companies, and with large powder companies
alone. There are but five of these large pow-
