1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
477
not to exceed the amount of said debt, bear-
ing interest not to exceed six per cent, per
annum, payable annually in gold, and hav-
ing a period to run not more than thirty years
nor less than fifteen years; and the said com-
missioners are hereby authorized to negotiate
the sale of the said bonds, at their discretion,
and with the proceeds thereof to pay the said
debt of the city of Washington ; and the prin-
cipal and interest of said bonds shall be made
payable at any point within the United States,
to be named on their face.
In its second section it provides that the
Legislative Assembly of the District of Colum-
bia are hereby directed and required to cause
to be levied upon, and collected from, all tax-
able prop-srty of the city of Washington within
its corporate limits, a tax, annually, which
shall be sufficient to pay the interest upon the
said bonds, together with a sinking fund suffi-
cient to retire the said bonds at maturity; the
said tax to be collected at the same time and
in the same manner as general annual taxes
are collected in the said District.
In its third section it provides that the col-
lector of the District of Columbia shall pay
over to the said commissioners, upon their
requisition being first certified by the auditor
and comptroller of said District, as is now pro-
vided by the laws of said District, all the
moneys collected by virtue of this act; with
which said moneys the said commissioners shall
pay, or cause to be paid, the coupons or inter-
est on said bonds issued by them under the
provisions of this act; and the residue col-
lected as aforesaid, as a sinking fund, the said
commissioners shall invest in the said bonds
issued by them, or in the bonds then or there-
after issued by the District of Columbia, and
shall cause to be placed upon record, in the
office of the register of the said District of
Columbia, a full and complete report of all
their acts herein, on or before the 1st day of
January of each year.
In its fourth section it provides that the said
bonds shall be issued in the name of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and shall show that they
are so issued in payment of the debt of the city
of Washington, existing at the date afore-
named in section one of this act, and shall be
signed by each of the commissioners afore-
said, and countersigned by the register and
comptroller of the said District; and a proper
registry shall be kept in the office of the regis-
ter aforesaid of the number, denomination,
date of issue, and to whom issued.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I should like
the chairman of the committee [Mr. Stark-
weather] to explain how much the bill allows
the city to increase the amount of the funded
debt.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I will give an
explanation of the bill after the amendments
reported by the committee, which are merely
verbal, have been disposed of.
The first amendment reported by the com-
mittee was as follows:
In line eight of soetion four, after_ the word
"found," iBsert the words "by the Legislative As-
sembly;'' so that it will read, " to fund the debt of
the city of Washington which has been or may be
found by the Legislaf.iveAssemblytohaveexisted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was as follows:
In line twelve of section one, strike out the words
"one hundred," and insert the word "fifty;" so
that it will read, "registered or coupon bonds of
the said District of Columbia, in denominations
of fifty dollars, or any multiple of that sum."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was as follows:
In line fifteen, section one, after the word "pay-
able," insert the word "semi;" so that it will read,
"payable semi-annually ingold."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was as follows:
In line eighteen, section one, after the word " dis-
cretion," insert the words " at a rate of discount not
to exceed three per cent, upon their par value.
The Amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was as follows;
In lines twenty-one and twenty-two, section one,
strike out the words " at any point within tho "Uni-
ted States to be named on their face," and insert the
words "in the city of New York so that it will
read, " and the principal and interest of said bonds
shall be made payable in the city of Now York."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was as follows :
In line two, section two, strike out the words
"directed and required," and insert the word
"empowered;" so that it will read, "theLegislative
Assembly of the District of Columbia are hereby
empowered."
The amendment was agreed, to.
The next amendment was as follows:
In section four, at the end of line three, insert
these words: " found by the Legislative Assembly
to bo due, as provided in section one of this act;"
so that it will read, "thai tho said bonds shall bo
issued in the name of the District of Columbia, and
shall show that they are so issued in payment of the
debt of the city of Washington, found by theLegis-
lative Assembly to be due, as provided in section
one of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was as follows:
In line five, section four, strike out tho word "each,"
and insert the words "a maj ority;" so that'it will read,
"shall be signed by amajority of the commissioners
aforesaid."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was as follows:
In line six, section four, strike out the word "regis-
ter," and insert the word "secretary;" so that it
will read, " countersigned by tho secretary," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was as follows :
In line eight of section four strike out tho word
" aforesaid," and insert tho words " of the said Dis-
trict;" so that it will read, " and a propcr registry
shall be kept in the office of the register of the said
District."
The amendment was agreed to.
The question was on ordering the bill, as
amended, to be engrossed and read a third
time,
Mr. STARKWEATHER. This bill pro-
vides for funding the old debt, as it is called,
of the District of Columbia, or the city of
Washington; the debt which existed June 1,
1871, when the new government came into
operation. That debt is found to amount to
something like three million dollars, and has
been in existence—at least some portion of
it—for quite a number of years. It consists of
certificates of indebtedness and checks drawn
when there were no funds to pay, and accumu-
lations of debts of various amounts to a large
number of persons, many of them workmen
and contractors under the old administra-
tion. The bill has no reference to matters
iu dispute with reference to the 54,000,000
loan. It refers entirely to the old indebt-
edness, about which there is no dispute, and
the sentiment of all parties in the District is
entirely in favor of funding this debt. Those
who have had differences about the new loan
are united on the propriety of having this old
debt funded. A full committee considered the
bill in all its parts, in reference to the denom-
ination of the bonds, the negotiation of them,
&c., and having gone through it very care-
fully, they report it as very desirable for all
the interests concerned in the city of Wash-
ington.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Howmuchwill
this increase the funded debt of the city?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. It applies only
to the old debt.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. How much will
it increase the amount of indebtedness author-
ized by the charter act? They were permitted
by that to go to a certain amount of indebted-
ness. Does this bill increase that amount?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. This does not
enlarge the indebtedness at all.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Does it enlarge
the authority of the government of the District
of Columbia in regard to the size of their debt?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. It does not affect
that question at all.
Mr. CHIPMAN. Mr. Speaker, I will state
in a nutshell what the object of this bill is.
The old debt of the city of Washington existing
June 1, 1871, at the time the new government
came into operation, amounts to $2,966,093 27.
Of that amount the sum of $2,103,661 72 ia
already funded. There remains the amount of
$862,431 65, which is termed a floating debt.
I am reading from the report of a commission
appointed by the Governor to examine and
audit the outstanding indebtedness of the city
of Washington and of the entire District. By
the organic act which Congress gave to the
District as the basis of its government, we were
limited in paying the old indebtedness to the
levying of a special tax for the purpose. We
cannot, therefore, through our Legislative As-
sembly, provide for the payment of this debt
in the manner proposed by this bill, by funding
it in loans of sixteen and twenty years. We
ask, therefore, for this legislation, so that the
debt may be continued somewhat into the
future through the form of a loan, to be funded
by a sinking fund. Our people feel that they
are not prepared at this time to pay this debt
by special taxation. They prefer that it shall
be continued into the future, and that we shall
pay the debt by means of this funding principle
through a sinking fund. I believe there is no
objection in the entire community to the policy
proposed in this bill.
In reply to the question of the gentleman
from Ohio I have this to say: this bill does not
affectthe powerof our governmentto increase
its debt at all; it does not enlarge.tho power
of the General Assembly by an amendment of
the organic act at all; it only provides for the
payment of a debt which his been hanging
over the city government of Washington for
four or five years, due to laborers, contractors,
printers, and all the classes of citizens who
make up this community, running from two
dollars up to twenty thousand.
I believe this is all that need be said to ex-
plain the merits of the bill. If our Legislative
Assembly were competent to pass it we would
not have troubled Congress with it.
Mr. ELDKIDGE. 1 do not desire to detain
the House about this matter, but I will state
that I have examined this bill pretty thor-
oughly, and have in committee suggested such
amendments as I thought would throw around
it proper guards.
When it was first suggested that by an act
of Congress we should allow this debt to be
funded and bonds issued for it, I was opposed
to the bill for the reason I thought it better
that since wc had created a local Legislature,
that Legislature should do all of the legislation
for this District or -Territory. I thought it
impolitic and unwise for Congress to interfere
with their legislation and run a line of legis-
lation side by side with theirs. It was sug-
gested by those who understand the condition
of the cities of Washington and Georgetown
that this was the only subject upon which Con-
gress would be called upon to act, and which
would be ended by the action of Congress.
There was another reason suggested, that
this indebtednes which it is proposed to fund
belongs to the city of Washington, and not to
the entire District. The city of Georgetown
has an indebtedness of its own, which it pro-
poses to pay at once, and without issuing bonds
or asking credit. It was thought bestfor Con-
gress, instead of amending the organic act, to
pass this bill authorizing the funding of this
debt, to be paid by assessment by the city of
Washington.
I have no doubt myself, on looking at the
organic act, that tho Legislature of the Dis-
trict have themselves the power to fund this
debt; but it was suggested that lawyers of great
ability had expressed a doubt upon the subject,
which would probably lessen the value of the
bonds. We therefore, upon full consideration,
thought that the best thing to be done was to
i pass this bill, and we made such amendments
