478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
to it as seemed in our opinion to guard it from
any possibility of speculation upon these bonds,
or of injury to the city of Washington or to the
District of Columbia.
It will be perceived at once that there is no
other legislation of a like nature that can be
required, because this is the old debt of the
city of Washington, a debt which has existed
for many years, and some of which is called
the floating debt of Washington. It has no
relation to the present condition of affairs in
the District of Columbia. While I would not
consent that Congress should be legislating
upon the same subject-matter that the Legis-
lature of the District of Columbia is called to
legislate upon as regards matters of currertt
legislation, yet as this is a matter to be closed
up by this act, I gave my consent to this bill,
and think it is the best thing that can be done.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Will the gentle-
man allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will hear it, certainly.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Why is it that
the Legislature of the District of Columbia
eannot pass a bill that will answer the purpose
of this bill?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I remarked a moment
ago that in my judgment there is power, under
the organic act, for the Legislature of the Dis-
trict of Columbia to legislate upon this matter.
But the reason why it was thought best not to
pursue that course was that there was a doubt
expressed by legal gentlemen in this District,
and by financial gentlemen who would prob-
ably invest in these bonds which are to be
authorized fcy this bill, whether the Legislature
of the District of Columbia could act upon this
matter. Therefore, as the bonds might be
lessened in value should the Legislature of
this District take action, in order to remove all
doubt, and to give the highest possible value
that eould be given to the bonds authorized to
be issued under this bill, it is proposed that
Congress shall pass a bill in relation to this
matter. Gentlemen have expressed an opinion
that there is no power given by the organic
act to the Legislature of the District of Colum-
bia to legislate upon this subject. But, as I
have already remarked, differing in opinion
from them as I do, considering that the Legis-
lature of this District has power to legislate
upon this subject, yet I have yielded any oppo-
sition I at first had to Congress legislating
upon this subject, and assented to this bill
because of the view expressed that it would
increase the value of these bonds, and that it
would be best for the District of Columbia to
take this action.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I now yield to
the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Poland.]
Mr. POLAND. There seemed to be no
question in the Committee for the District of
Columbia, as there seems to be no question
among the people of this District, in relation to
the propriety of this measure for funding this
debt. It is to be observed that this debt, which
it is proposed by this bill shall be funded, is
not a debt of the District of Columbia, but a
debt of the city of Washington. Heretofore
the District of Columbia, as such, has had no
debt. It was divided up into various sub-
divisions, known as the corporations of the city
of Washington, the city of Georgetown, and
the county of Washington, each of which had
its own individual debts. It is now proposed,
as the debt of the city of Washington, the old
debt, the floating debt, as it is sometimes termed,
is of quite a large amount, that it shall be put
in the form of bonds and funded, so as to
extend it over a considerable period of time.
As I have said, there was no question in the
committee, there was no question raised by
anybody that I know of, as to the propriety of
this being done. The only question we had
about it in the committee concerning which we
bad any considerable discussion, was whether
it was necessary for Congress to do this thing,
or whether it might be done by the Legislative
Assembly of the District of Columbia, under
the organic act which we passed during the
last Congress. If the organic act did not give
this power to the District Legislature, then the
question presented itself whether the better
course was for us to pass this act, or to so
amend the organic act as to give the District
Legislature authority to do it.
Now, sir, I think it is quite clear—and that
is the inquiry that the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Shelt,abarger] put to my colleague,
[Mr. Eldridge]—that the Legislative Assem-
bly of the District of Columbia has no such
power. The corporations into which this
District was subdivided before we passed the
organic act of the last Congress, the city of
Washington, the city of Georgetown, and the
county of Washington, are all wiped out by
that organic act; their charters are repealed,
are now extinct.
Mr. 8HELLABARGER. Has the city of
Washington no mayor now?
Mr. POLAND. Certainly it has no mayor.
I will read the section of the organic act to
which I allude. It is as follows:
" Sec. 40. And be it further enacted. That the char-
ters of thecities of Washington and Georgetown shall
be repealed on and after the 1st day of June, A. D.
1871, and all offices of said corporations abolished at
that date; the levy court of the District of Columbia
and all offices connected therewith shall be abolished
on and after said 1st day of June, A. D. 1871; but all
laws and ordinances of said cities, respectively, and
of said levy court, not inconsistent with this act,
shall remain in full torce until modified or repealed
by Congress or the Legislative Assembly of said Dis-
trict; that portion of said District included within
the present limits of the city of Washington shall
continue to be known as the city of Washington, and
that portion of said District included within the lim-
its of the city of Georgetown shall continue to be
known as the city of Georgetown; and the Legisla-
tive A&aembly shall have power to levy a special
tax upon property, except the property of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, within the city of
Washington for the payment of the debts of said
city; and upon property, except the property of the
Government of the United States, within the limits
of the city of Georgetown for the payment of the
debts of said city; and upon property, except the
property of the Government of the United States,
within said District not included withm the limits
of either of said cities to pay any debts owing by that
portion of said District."
We have by this organic act made the Dis-
trict and the Legislative Assembly of the Dis-
trict a sort of administrator upon all these
municipal corporations. They are continued
in existence merely for the purpose of collect-
ing whatever debts may be due from them ;
and the Legislative Assembly is empowered
by the organic act to levy taxes upon each of
these portions of the District to pay any exist-
ing debt of the respective portions.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Special taxes.
Mr. POLAND. Yes, sir; special taxes.
This is all the authority that is given to the
Legislative Assembly upon this subject. It
was suggested in the committee that the better
way might be to amend the organic act; but
inasmuch as no question of this kind can be
raised hereafter, as these corporations are
abolished so that they can create no further
debt, and as legislation upon this subject will
be the end of the matter, the committee
thought it better that an act of Congress
should be passed, for the reason, as stated by
my colleague on the committee, the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridge,] that
the security will be regarded as more valuable
if authorized by an act of Congress rather than
by an act of the District Legislature.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Are these to be
bonds of tlie District?
Mr. POLAND. In answer to the gentleman
from Missouri I will say that the bonds to be
issued will be bonds of the District of Colum-
bia, but the money to pay the interest and the
principal of those bonds is to be collected by
the General Assembly from that portion of the
District now owing the debt. I think it quite
clear that the Legislative Assembly has no other
authority in relation to these municipal cor-
porations, which by the organic act have been
wiped out, than to administer upon them in
the way that the organic act authorizes. Hence
it was necessary that Congress should either
act directly on this question, or amend the or
ganic act so as to authorize the Legislative
Assembly to do so. - The passage of a bill of
this kind by Congress is the shorter mode, and
for a great variety of considerations was deemed
the better way.
_ Mr. STARKWEATHER. I call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. MERRICK. I hope the gentleman will
not insist upon the call of the previous ques-
tion. I have an amendment which Iwouldbe
glad to offer.
The SPEAKERpro tempore. Does the gen-
tleman from Connecticut [Mr. Starkweather]
insist on the demand for the previous ques-
tion ?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I will waive it
for a moment to hear the amendment.
Mr. MERRICK. I desire to offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in at the end of
the first section:
That the holder of any of the stock debt of the eity
of Washington shall be at liberty to commute the
said stock so held by him, or any part thereof, at par
for an equal amount of bonds proposed to be issued
under this act.
Mr. CREBS. There can be no objection to
that.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I suppose there
is no objection to that amendment, although
the proposition has not been considered in
committee. I would accept the amendment
if I had the power.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think the amendment
should not be adopted in the precise form in
which it is offered. I was about to suggest to
the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Merrick]
that this is not, as I understand, a stock indebt-
edness.
Mr. MERRICK. There is a very large
stock indebtedness of the city of Washington,
a very large six per cent, debt of the corpora-
tion, the interest on which is payable quar-
terly or semi-annually; and it would be nothing
more than reasonable.—;—
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman hear
my statement? I know he will agree to my
suggestion if he will only listen. I desire that
the amendment shall not apply specially to
any stock indebtedness, if there be such. Let
the words of the amendment be broad enough
to allow to any person who may hold any in-
debtedness included in this bill, the oppor-
tunity of taking a corresponding amount of
the bonds to be issued under this act.
Mr. MERRICK. I have no objection at all
to such a modification of my amendment.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I knew the gentleman
would have no objection when he heard my
proposition. If the amendment be so modi-
fied as to apply to all classes of indebtedness,
I think it will be very proper, and I shall sup-
port it.
The Clerk read the amendment, as modified,
as follows:
That the holdir of any of the debt of the said eity
of Washington shall be at liberty to commute the
debt so held by him, or any part thereof, at par, fi>>■
an equal amount of the bonds proposed to be issued
under this act.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I suggest the insertion
of the words " any of said debt," so that it
may refer expressly to this debt. There may
be other debts than this which we now pro-
vide for.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. It appears to me
there will be no difficulty. These parties will,
I think, be able to get these bonds without
trouble. There may be objections to this as
affecting parties holding this floating debt.
Mr. MERRICK. As the bill was originally
read, it was a constraint upon these parties, and
no privilege at all was accorded to any of them
to participate in the bonds which are proposed
to be issued. ' The simple proposition is to
allow those who hold the old debt to commute
