1374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
the debates and proceedings of one day before
the public on the morning of the next. In
other words, I desire to follow this subject from
its inception up to the present time, although
some ot the facts "presented may perhaps have
only a remote bearing upon the bill I propose
to discuss.
I send to the Clerk's desk to be read a con-
densed statement, for which I am indebted to
Senate Document No. 247.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Congress, at its second session, voted down a
proposition to supply its members with three copies
each of a register of debates made by the editor of a
New York newspaper. In 1795 a resolution passed
directing the Secretary of State to receive proposals
from stenographers for furnishing accurate reports.
"In 1796 Mr. Smith, of Virginia, was appointed
official reporter to Congress, at a salary of $4,000, and
permitted to furnish his manuscript to the Phila-
delphia Gazette, providing that paper would eon-
tribute $1,100 toward the amount named above as
vy.
"la 1800 the National Intelligencer commenced
the publication of the debates, the reports being
revised by the speakers.
"In 1802 'stenograpers, or note-takers' were ad-
mitted within the area of the Senate Chamber.
" In 1807 Joseph Gales, an excellent stenographer,
became part owner of the National Intelligencer.
Other parties had reporters at Washington, but the
reports of the Intelligencer were regarded as most
accurate.
" In 1833 Blair & Hives began the publication of
a journal of proceedings in the Congressional Globe,
and inserted speeohes of such members of Congress
as would write them out.
" In 1817 a bargain was concluded with Mr. Hous-
ton to furnish reports for the press. IIo was to print
them on slips to be delivered to ench Senator. 'L'ho
Senate soon after paid him $5,000 to give up his
contract.
"The editors of the National Intelligencer and of
the Union agreed to publish the debates in their
respeotivo papers at $7 50 por column. They sub-
sequently relinquished their eontraets, and Mr.
Rives reestablished the Daily Globe."
Mr. BEATTY. From 1833 down to 1856
Blair & Rivos kept up the record of the de-
bates and proceedings allthetime in quarto,
and part of the time in the daily edition, but
there appears to have been some indefinite-
ness in the understanding between Congress
and the publishers in regard to (he compensa-
tion which the latter were to receive. The
contract was, in part at least, a verbal one
between the joint Committee on Public Print-
ing and the publishers, and Congress for a
long time agreed with Mr. Kives in his con-
struction of this verbal understanding. Infact,
Congress appears to have acceded to whatever
demands were made upon it in this regard for
over twenty years ; but finally, in 1850, it re-
fused longer to purchase back numbers of the
Congressional Globe to supply its new mem-
bers, and persisted in this very sensible reso-
lution during four entire Congresses. In 1864,
however, the publishers bad sufficient influ-
ence to bring about such a change or modifi-
cation of the law as to restore to them the
profitable feature of the old contract, and allow
them to furnish back numbers to new mem-
bers, and thus get rid of an accumulation of
old books. The proceedings of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress were published under this ar-
rangement, and with the back numbers cost
the country $291,698 72. From 1864 to 1870
Congress paid for complete sets of the Globe
furnished to new members $208,031 04.
There was probably nothing lost, therefore,
by the proprietors of the Globe under the new
contract. It would hardly be safe, however,
to venture the same prediction with regard to
the other party to the arrangement.
in 1867 Congress awakened to the necessity
for some curtailment of the expense in this
particular, and gave the required notice that
the contract should cease on the 4th of March,
1869; and in 1868, dissatisfied evidently with
the loose manner in which this whole matter
had been managed theretofore, and with a
view, probably, to the introduction of a bill
which would provide definitely and perma-
nently for the publication of the debates, and
lessen the expense thereof, Congress passed
the following act, which I will trouble the
Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Skc. 3. And be it further enacted, That all acts or
parts of acts authorizing the publication of the
debates in Congress are hereby repealed from and
after the 4th day of March next, and the joint
Committee on Printing is hereby authorized and
required to invite proposals for the publication of
the actual proceedings and debates in Congress,
upon a plan and specifications to be previously pub-
lished by them, and shall also ascertain the cost of
sueh publication by the Superintendent of Public
Printing, and shall report as soon as practicable
such proposals and estimate of cost, together with a
bill to provide for the publication of the debates
and proceedings of Congress."
Mr. BEATTY. Under this resolution the
joint Committee on Public Printing invited
proposals, requiring them to be accompanied
with a bond for $25,000, approved by a Uni-
ted States judge or district attorney, as security
that the bidder would fulfill his contract in case
his proposition was accepted. The adver-
tisement for proposals was given to the pub-
lic January 4, 1869, and only ten days were
allowed in which to prepare and present them.
Of course, in this short period, but few of the
many men likely to take hold of such a con-
tract would either see or hear of the adver-
tisement, and still fewer would in that time
be able to make that careful examination of
the subject necessary to enable them to make
a proposition for the work, and besides, it was
imperative that the work should be entered
upon on the 4th of March following; and it
was by no means probable that the proposals,
if satisfactory to the committee, would be rati-
fied by Congress much before the time when
the work must be commenced. There was
not, therefore, time allowed either to get the
advertisement before the people or to enable
a new contractor to make that timely prepara-
tion which economy in the execution of the
work required. The old publishers, therefore,
were absolutely sure of every advantage in the
proposed contest. But, notwithstanding (he
shortness of the time and the other difficulties
of the situation, one man was bold enough to
come forward with a proposal to do the work
* " " ,000 cheaper than the old contractors.
When the two proposals were reported by
the committee,, in connection with a third
proposition to transfer the work to the Gov-
ernment Printing Office, it was urged that be-
cause the new bidder had not time to make
preparation for the work, (as if that were, in-
deed, his fault,) and because, furthermore, in
the report of the committee, his Christian
name was in one place spelled John T., in
another Joseph T., and in another W. T., it
was utterly idle to consider his proposition.
This man had prepared and filed his bond
upon the invitation of Congress, and had pre-
sented testimonials from the Appletons of
New York, from the publishers of the New
York Times, and from others of no less re-
spectability, but Congress, after encouraging
liim to perform all the labor of preparing his
estimates and submitting his proposal, failed
to accord him even that respectful considera-
tion which the humblest of citizens might have
very properly claimed at its hands.
I present here a comparative view of the
bids and estimates presented on that occasion.
These were based upon the work done for the
Thirty-Ninth Congress, and the proposals in
detail will be found in Senate Document
No. 248:
Estimated cost of the work under the proposal of llives
& Bailey.
Daily Globe $110,350 70
Congressional Globe  273,104 26
Total cost   $389,454 96
Estimated cost under theproposal of Joseph T. Crowell.
Daily Globe $101,590 38
Congressional Globe  159,553 92
Total cost $261,149 30
Estimated coat under the proposal of the Congressional
Printer.
Daily Globe 8120,610 50
Congressional Globe  155,884 34
Total cost   §276,494 84
By some sort of calculation, which excluded
from all the propositions the estimates for
paper and binding, the Committee on Public
Printing subsequently arrived at the conclu-
sion that J. T. Crowell's proposition was only
a little over forty thousand dollars less than
that of Bives & Bailey, and that the estimate
of the Congressional Printer was only sixty
thousand dollars less. There was no doubt,
however, that there was one bona fide prop-
osition for doing the work considerably less
than that of the old publishers, and that it
was made in view of the increased expense
which the shortness of time left for prepara
tion would necessarily involve; but it was
thought utterly idle to consider this proposal
of the lowest bidder at that late moment, and
besides, was not his Christian name, as the
report showed, rather uncertain, and might
not his proDosition be the same? He had
been invited to make the proposition, it is
true, but a name that would assume three
different shapes in the printed report of a
committee was entitled to no respect at the
hands of Congress, backed up though it was
" by abundant testimonials of ability—profes-
sional, mechanical, and pecuniary."
A proposition based upon the work done for
the Thirty-Ninth Congress afforded but little
idea of the cost for the Forty-First. The
estimate of Rives & Bailey ($389,454 96) in-
cluded binding, at the rate of seventy-eight
and a h&lf cents per volume, but the work for
the Forty-First (exclusive of binding, which
was done at the Government Printing Office,)
amounted to over four hundred and seventy-
two thousand dollars. This increase resulted
in part from increased service, but the fact is
nevertheless evident that of the three propo-
sitions before it Congress rejected, first, that
of Crowell, which, according to the last inter-
pretation of the committee, was fourteen per
cent, less than that of Rives & Bailey, and
which would have saved to the Government, on
the work done for the Forty-First Congress,
at least $58,000; and rejected, second, the
estimate of the Congressional Printer, which
was twenty per cent, lower, and which would
have saved, on the same work, $80,000, and
probably more ; for I think, after a careful
review of the whole subject, that the estimate
of the Printer was higher than it should have
been, or, in other words, that the Congres-
sional Printer had made such liberal estimates
as would cover every possible contingency.
Justice to the joint Committee on Public
Printing requires me to say that these rejec-
tions were made in opposition to its recom-
mendation.
The work of publishing the debates should
be done very considerably cheaper at the Gov-
ernment Office than by private parties, pro-
viding members of Congress would leave the
Congressional Printer untrainmeled' in the
selection of his employes, and not seek to
thrust incompetent workmen upon him. The
argument sometimes advanced that the public-
ation of the debates at the Government Office
would retard or interfere with the prompt
execution of the other work, has nothing
whereon to stand. The force of proof-read-
ers, foremen, and compositors now at the
Globe office, if transferred to the Government
Printing Office, would not only be able to pub-
lish the debates without in any way interfering
with the other work, but at times when the
daily sessions were short, or when Congress
adjourned from Friday until Monday, this force
could be turned on to documentary work, and
thus very materially contribute to its prompt
execution.
The force of proof-readers, foremen, com-
positors, &c., retained at the Globe office, now
numbering nearly one hundred, must always
be sufficient to put up fifty columns of matter
between one o'clock p. m. aud seven o'clock
the next morning. At times one fourth of
the force is sufficient, again one half is enough,
and on other days the entire force may be
