1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2271
Eli Perry, Peters, Piatt, Potter, Price, William R.
Roberts, Roosevelt, Scofield, Sfeeley, Shellabasger,
Sloeum, Sloss, R. Milton Speer, Thomas J. Speer,
Stevens, St. John, Sutherland, Dwight Townsend,
Waddell, Walls, Williams of New York, Jeremiah
]V£. Wilson, and John T. Wilson—(32,
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. McCLELLAND. My colleague, Mr.
Getz, is absent on account of sickness ; if
here, he would vote "no."
Mr. McNEELY. My colleague, Mr. Mar-
shall,, has been unexpectedly called away
from the city ; if here he would vote " 110."
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. On this question
I am paired with my colleague, Mr. Price ;
if here he would vote " no," and I should vote
" ay."
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
Mr. BLDREDGE. I move to lay the bill
upon the table; and on that motion 1 demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I have
made a motion already to reconsider and lay
on the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is privileged,
but it cannot be put before a vote is taken on
the motion of the gentleman from Wisconsin.
The morning hour having expired, and the mo-
tion to suspend the rules having come over from
Monday last, this bill will go over until the
morning hour of next Monday ; but before
that the bill will be read a third time. The
motion of the gentleman from Wisconsin could
not cut off the third reading of the bill.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I supposed my motion
would have priority.
The SPEAKER. It would not, because the
House has ordered the bill to be read a third
time inslantly; but the motion of the gentle-
man attaches immediately after that is done.
The bill was then read the third time.
The SPEAKER. This bill has been read
three tunes, and the question is, shall it pass?
Two motions are pending—the motion of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,]
to reconsider the vote whereby the House
ordered the bill to be engrossed aud read a
third time, and to lay that motion upon the
table, and the motion of the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldredge,] to lay the billon
the table—and under those two motions the
bill goes over till Monday next.
The pending question is on the motion of
the gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Averill,]
to suspend the rules and pass a bill offered by
hitn last Monday. Before submitting that ques-
tion, the Chair will ieceive bills for reference
fiom those members who were absent when
their States were called.
metropolitan railroad company.
Mr. CHIIWIAN, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (11. R. No. 2240) authorizing
the extension of the railway of the Metropoli-
tan Railroad Company ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia, and ordered to
be printed.
wooden pavements.
Mr. CHIPMAN also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2241) to reimbuise
the owners of property on Pennsylvania ave-
nue for the cost of the wooden pavement laid
pursuant to act of Congress approved July,
1870; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia, anil ordered to be printed.
james e. montell.
Mr. CHIPMAN also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2242) for the
relief of James E. Montell; which was read a
first and second time, and, with the accompany-
ing papers, referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
public grounds in washington.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and adopted :
Resolved, That the Superintendent of Public Build-
ings and Grounds be, and is hereby, directed to fur-
nish for the use of this House a statement of the
area of the grounds of the Smithsonian Institution,
the Agricultural Department, the grounds around
the Washington monument, and around the Presi-
dent's House, and between the President's House
and the river, together with a detailed statement of
the area and condition of all the grounds under his
care and supervision; also a detailed statement of
the amount of expenditures necessary to put those
several grounds in good condition, especially the
grounds around the Washington monument and the
grounds between the President's House and thoriver.
condemned ordnance for monuments.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2243) granting condemned ordnance to the
Phil. H. Sheridan Post No. 34, Grand Army
of the Republic, for a monument for its ceme-
tery ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
He also, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 2244) granting one piece of
coudemned heavy ordnance to the John Rus-
sell Lowell Encampment, Post No. 7, Grand
Army of the Republic, for their burial lot;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
leonard n. iioiinburg.
Mr. LOWE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2245) for the relief
of Leonard N. Hohnburg; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit
tee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
government freight on pacific railroad.
Mr. NEGLEY. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce, for reference to the Committee
on the Judiciary, a joint resolution in relation
to payments to the Pacific Railroad companies
for transportation of Government freight.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I object, and
call for the regular order of business.
Mr. NEGLEY. Then I move to suspend
the rules, so as to enable me to introduce the
joint resolution and have it referred.
The SPEAKER. A previous motion to
suspend the rules comes over from Monday
last.
Mr. NEGLEY; Then I make the point of
order whether it is proper for a stockholder in
the Pacific Railroad Company to object to my
introducing a joint resolution.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Is it in order
for an instrument of Wall street, a speculator
in Pacific railroad stock, a mere tool and agent
of Wall street, to prepare and introduce a
joint resolution of this character?
Mr. NEGLEY. I deny all and every state-
ment the gentleman has made.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, (holding up
some papers.) I hold the proofs here in my
hand. I knew this was coming, and had this
proof sent me by telegraph. I would like to
have these proofs read.
Mr. NEGLEY. I have no objection at all.
The SPEAKER. During the morning hour
of Monday the States and Territories are called
audibly and at length for the introduction and
reterence of bills and joint resolutions. After
the morning hour is over those gentlemen who
were not in their seats when their States were
called are permitted by unanimous consent to
introduce bills for reference.
Mr. KENDALL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce a bill for reference.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] has called for the regular
Order of business.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I will with-
draw that call to let the gentleman from
Nevada [Mr. Kendall] introduce his bill.
The SPEAKER. Does thegentleman with-
draw his objection to the joint resolution
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
n egley ?j
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I will with-
draw it, if he will permit me to introduce these
documents I have in my hand.
Mr. NEGLEY. I have no objection. I
have no interest in the Pacific railroad; I
have never owned a dollar of its stock, and I
am not the tool of anybody, or am I an instru-
ment of Wall street.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot permit
debate upon it; it is a matter of unanimous
consent.
Mr. BANKS. I object to any debate of
any character, personal or otherwise.
The SPEAKER. The question is, shall the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Negley]
have leave to introduce the joint resolution he
has indicated?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I will not
object, if he will permit me to have read all
the documents I have in my hand.
Mr. NEGLEY. I do not object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain conditional objections. It is the absolute
right of any gentleman to object.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I object,
and call for the regular order of business.
cherokee treaty of 1866.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the House will now proceed to con-
sider the motion of the gentleman from Min-
nesota, [Mr. Averill,] and which comes over
from Monday last, that the rules be suspended,
and that the bill (H. R. No. 1490) to carry out
certain provisions of the Cherokee treaty of
I860, and for the relief of settlers on the Chero-
kee lands in the State of Kansas, be passed.
Mr. MAYNARD. When this bill was be-
fore the House I asked that it might go over
until I could make some inquiry in regard to
it. I ask unanimous consent to have read a
paper I send to the Clerk's desk.
No objection was made, and the Clerk read
the following :
To the Congress of the United Statefi :
Gentlemen : A bill is pending before you for the
sale of a strip of land in Kansas belonging to the
Cherokee nation, out off by lunning the State line.
It ought to have been disposed of years ago. The
bill, which was unanimously agreed to, with two
slight amendments, in the House Indian Commit-
tee, suits us, as amended, and we earnestly urge its
passage.
The bill was framed by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior on consultation with the Kansas delegation in
Congress and the delegates of the Cherokee nation.
It gives relief to settlers, is a measure justice calls
for to us, and we hope will be promptly passed, as
reported by Hon. Joiin X. Avkiull, so that we can
accept it
With respect, your obedient servants,
WILL. P. ROSS,
W. P. ADA IR.
C. N. VANN,
Cherokee Delegation.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand that the
gentleman's motion is to pass this bill in its
amended form.
Mr. AVERILL. That is my motion.
Mr. McCOliMICK, ot' Missouri. I would
inquire of the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr.
Averill] whether every acre of land contem-
plated by this bill was not patented by the
Government of the United States to^ the Cher-
okee nation?
Mr. AVERILL. It has been patented to
the Cherokee nation, but not to individuals.
This strip of land is a part of what is called
the ''seven million acre tract," which was
ceded to the Cherokee nation in 1835 by the
United States. That tract extended into what
is now the Slate of Kansas ; it runs across the
entire State, about three miles wide at one end
and about two miles at the other. The ques-
tion has been duly considered by the commit-
tee in charge, and the bill is in perfect accord
with the wishes of the Cherokee Indians, who
