1872,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
479
whatever portion they may hold and take these
new bonds.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I do not object
to the amendment, and will now call for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. STARKWEATHER moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
survey of harbok at washington.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, reported
a bill (H. R. No. 1074) providing for the sur-
vey of the harbor and river at Washington,
District of Columbia; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
chief of engineers of the United States Army,
the engineer in charge of public buildings and
grounds, the Governor of .the District of Colum-
bia, Alexander R. Shepherd, and Carlisle P.
Patterson, who all serve without compensation,
are hereby created a board of survey, and are
empowered and instructed to examine into the
condition of the harbors and landings for ves-
sels from the Anacostia bridge on the Eastern
branch along the entire water-front of the city
of Washington to and including the harbor of
Georgetown; and the board are directed to
report to Congress at as early a day as prac-
ticable a full and comprehensive plan for open-
ing, improving, and developing the water chan-
nel, so as to secure the best possible harbor
facilities along said water-front. The board
are also directed to take into consideration
the sanitary effect upon the city of Washing-
ton, and the feasibility of reclaiming in any
improvement suggested the swamp and marsh
lands along said water-front; provided that
any expenses attending said report shall not
exceed $1,000, and shall be paid by the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. This bill merely
provides for the survey under the officers
named of the river and harbor at Washington,
District of Columbia, and I do not suppose
there can be any objection to it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STARKWEATHER moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
protection of texas frontier.
Mr. CLARKE, of Texas, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1075)
to provide for payment to the State of Texas
for money disbursed by said State for protec-
tion of the frontier prior to the rebellion;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The understanding is,
of course, that the bill is not to be brought
back by the motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That is cov-
ered by the new rule of the House.
new post roads.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to offer a bill to
establish two post roads of about ten miles
each in length, and ask unanimous consent
that it be put upon its passage now. A new
railroad has just been set in operation in
our State  
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the gentleman would
strike off one fourth of a mile his bill would go
through without objection. [Laughter.]
Mr. POLAND. I ask unanimous consent
to have it passed now.
There was no objection; and by unanimous
consent the bill (H. R. No. 1076) establishing
certain post roads in Vermont was read three
times, and passed.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
relief of trustees.
Mr. McGREW. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce two bills for reference.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will it not
answer the gentleman's purpose to have his
bills come in under the rule on Monday?
Mr. McGREW. I wish to have them intro-
duced to-day, because there are parties here
who desire to go before the Committee of
Claims in support of them.
There was no objection ; and, by unanimous
consent, a bill (H. R. No. 1077) for the relief
of the trustees of the Methodist Episcopal
church at Mill Creek, Bunker Hill, Berkeley
county, West Virginia, was introduced, read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. McGREW also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1078) for the
relief of the trustees of the Methodist Epis-
copal church at Martinsburg, West Virginia;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
money appropriated for. texas.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, by unanimous
consent, laid before the House a letter from
the Secretary of War, in answer toa resolution
of the House of January 18, 1872, in relation
to money appropriated for the State of Texas
under the acts of March 3, 1859, and June 23,
1860; which, was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
employes of the state department.
The SPEAKER pro tempore also, by unani-
mous consent, laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of State, transmitting the
names of the clerks and all other persons em-
ployed in the Department of State, or in any
of its offices, during the year 1871; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
jacob fleisiiall.
Mr. ARCHER, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave to withdraw, from the files of
the House the papers in the case of Jacob
Fleishall.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
Accordingly (at two o'clock and forty min-
utes p. m.) the House adjourned until Monday.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BURCHARD: The petition of cap-
tains and pilots on the Mississippi river, for
improvement of navigation over the "cabin
chain " in that river.
Also, the petition of pensioners, asking that
pensions may be made payable by postmas-
By Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee: The peti-
tion of Miss Mary A. Conkin, of Tennessee,
praying a pension.
By Mr. CARROLL: A petition for a pen-
sion to Amos C. Rhoades, late of company
E, one hundred and twenty-third New York
volunteers, in the war of 1861._
Also, a petition for a pension to Wynant
Van Denburgh, dependent father of James C.
Van Denburgh, late of company G, seventy-
seventh New York volunteers, in the war of the
rebellion.
By Mr. CLARKE: of Texas : The petition of
George J. Elam, late collector of internal rev-
enue in Texas, for relief; his money having
been taken from him by desperadoes.
By Mr. CREBS : Thepetitionof J. M. Stock-
fleth and 16 others, liquor-dealers of Cairo,
Illinois, praying the consolidation of all taxes
on distilled spirits, &c.
By Mr. FRYE: The petition and accompany-
ing papers of Charles W. Adams for relief.
By Mr. GRIFFITH: The remonstrance of
D. W. Roy and others, citizens of Mercer
county, Pennsylvania, against a change in the
existing tariff laws.
By Mr. KELLOGG: Thepetitionof Judson
Ganfield and others, of New Haven, Con-
necticut, for an amendment of the law taxing
spirits, &c.
By Mr. KETCHAM : The petition of A. J.
Morehouse, asking to be promoted from mate
to master on the retired list of the Navy.
By Mr. LAMISON: The petition of Crow-
ley, Dixon & Co. and others, of Kenton, Ohio,
in relation to the reduction and equalization of
tax and licenses on the sale and manufacture
of liquors.
_ By Mr. MAYNARD: The petition of 78
citizens of Claiborne county, Tennessee, late
soldiers in the Army of the United States,
praying bounty land and the equalization of
bounties.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The petition of
William J. Marked and 53 others, citizens of
Monongahela City, Pennsylvania, asking the
passage of a law establishing a uniform rate
of tax on all manufactured tobacco of sixteen
cents per pound.
By Mr. McCRARY: The petition of W. H.
Wilson, late corporal company A, second Iowa
infantry, for a pension.
By Mr. MeJUNKIN: The petition of Mrs.
Martha M. B. McCulloch, of Freeport, Penn-
sylvania, widow of Dr. W. P. McCulloch,
deceased, late a surgeon in the Army, praying
that she may be granted a pension, &c.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The memorial of Ira
Broshears, of Spencer county, Indiana, a sol-
dier in the late civil war, praying certain
amendments to the homestead laws, rendering
their provisions more liberal to soldiers.
Also, the memorial of N. F. Carr & Co., G.
B. Brigham & Co., and a considerable num-
ber of other persons, citizens of Evansville,
Indiana, praying a readjustment of the tax on
distilled spirits.
By Mr. PORTER: The petition of Stephen
D. Jones, William Troy, J. Anderson Taylor,
Lewis Lindsey, D. B. Brooks, W. J. S. Bowie,
and others, citizens of Richmond, Virginia,
and D. M. Norton, Henry Cox, Robert Norton,
William H. Patterson, McD. Delaney, James
Lipscomb, and others, members of the Legis-
lature of Virginia, praying the passage by Con-
gress of the bill offered by Mr. Pokter at the
last session, known as a bill to provide for the
removal of civil and criminal causes from the
State courts to Federal courts, and the com-
mencement of such causes therein, in the States
named in said bill.
Also, the petition of Joseph Dill and others ;
Scott Toliver and others; Messrs. George h
Boykin, Wise Brothers, and others ; George P.
Prescott and others; and Alexander Cameron
and others, all citizens of Richmond, Virginia ;
and of John H. Porter and others, citizens of
Manchester, Virginia, praying Congress to es-
tablish a uniform rate of tax on all descriptions
of manufactured tobacco entering_ the market
for consumption, at the rate of sixteen cents
per pound.
By Mr. SWANN: The petition of C. H.
Latrobe and Benjamin H. Latrobe, praying
investigation into the subject of steam-boiler
explosions.
By Mr. WAKEMAN: The petition of sun-
dry citizens of Genesee county, New York,
that a pension be granted to Thomas R. Hart-
wick.
