1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3167
which were at the time below the minimum fixed
bylaw. I also proposed to construe the first sec-
tion so that in all cases the person to whom the
commission shall have issued shall be consid-
er- ered as commissioned to the grade therein
named from the date of such commission and
entitled to all pay and emoluments as if actu-
f ally mustered at that date, if at that date he
f, was performing the duties of that grade, and
:: if not. then he shall be considered as commis-
V siotied to such grade and entitled to all pay
; and emoluments from and after the date at
which he may have actually entered upon such
duties previous to muster. Now the Senate
bill was before the committee with these two
amendments for consideration. They were
different from this bill and wider in their range
and were voted down. Not so this bill, it
was ordered to be printed and recommitted to
the committee in February, as gentlemen will
Bee by looking at the dato of die bill, and it
has so stood of record ever since.
I am sorry the gentleman has intimated
anything like disregard on my part to the
direction of the committee. I would be the last
one in the world to do anything of that kind.
There is the record of the committee and there
is the record of the House, unchanged, direct-
ing that this Hill be printed and recommitted,
and reported for action, as I have done.
Now, in reference to what the gentleman has
said about the oo«t of this thing. Is it pos-
sible men should langui-h in prison and in
hospitals, suffering everything, without com-
pensation ?
Mr. SLOCUM. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman from Michigan moved to lay
upon the table, and I make the point of order
that motion is not debatable.
The SPEAKER. The motion was not in
order, as the gentleman from Michigan did
not have the floor for that purpose. The floor
was not yielded for any purpose of that kind.
The gentleman from Michigan had the floor
for the purpose of making some remarks.
Mr. COBUKN. The floor was yielded for
the purpose of making remarks, and not for
the purpose of making such a motion.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if we are to shut our
eyes to the suffering of these men, if we are to
ignore their hardships and trials, I wish gen
tlemen to put their feet squarely upon the
record.
It ha.s been asserted this is going to cost
$20,000,000 to the Government. I do not be-
lieve it will cost one tenth of that amount. I
have no idea it will; but suppose it does, if we
are doing right, if we are carrying out our
contract, let us do it though the heavens fall.
The man who marched with his command, ;
who accepted his commission and was put on
duty under it, who took his life in his hands
as an officer and faithfully served his country,
ought to paid for his service. If gentlemen
thml i otherwise, let them say so. I stand ready
to comply with our contract. Shall not the
officers—the lieutenant colonel, major, or cap
tain—who went in and took the risks and
hazards of battle have his pay ? According to
the position of the gentleman from Michigan,
because somebody was not there ready to
muster him in, and because he happened, for-
sooth, to be in hospital, or in a rebel prison,
is he not now to get the benefit of his services
or any recompense for his sufferings?
I yield to the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr Polaxd ]
Mr. POLAN D. I am not a member of the
Committee on Military Affairs, and therefore I
have nothing to do with the settlement, of any
committee differences in relation to whether
this bill is properly reported or not. Nor am
I very well acquainted with Army affairs. But
I have had occasion to have some experience
with the War Department in reference to this
act or joint resolution of July, 1870, and of
the utter perversion that has been made of
that law by the War Department.
Now, I do not think, Mr. Speaker, that this
bill, as reported from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, changes the law of 1870 at ail.
That is the law now. Any correct construc-
tion of the act of 1870 is precisely what our
committee says shall be the construction of it
hereafter; and it was so understood by Con-
gress and so understood by the Committee on
Military Affairs which reported it. and so all
the accounting officers of the Treasury Depart-
ment hold. But inasmuch as the Attorney
Genera! and the Secretary of War hold to "a
different construction, and consider that this
section of the act of 1870 really nullifies and
does away with all that goes before, therefore,
in order that any of these persons might get
relief, it is necessary for Congress to reeuact
the law which had become practically nulli-
fied.
Let me call the attention of the House to
the precise language of the act. The firstsec-
tion applies to cases where an officer performs
the duties of a grade above that lor which he
held a commission. The second section, and
that is the one I suppose which it is specially
intended to maintain, provides—•
"That persons held as prisoners of war by the
enemy, or who may have been in hospital by reason
ot wounds or disability at. the time of the issuing of
their commissions, shall be entitled to the same pav,
emolument, and be efits under this resolution a* it
actually performing the duties of the grade to which
they were commissioned."
Now, is there any doubt about that language ?
Did Congress understand what they meant
when they passed an act containing a section
which declared in so plain words that when
commissions were actually issued to men, but
in consequence of their being incarcerated in
rebel prisons, or bein,' in hospital by reason of
sickness or wounds received in battle, they
were unable to actually accept thtir commis-
sions and be sworn and mustered in : when they
were prevented -from receiving their commis-
sions by any of these causes, they should have
their pay precisely the same as it they had re-
ceived those commissions ? And i want to
ask my fiiend from Michigan, who has himself
been a soldier, if that is not honest audj'ust and
right ; if there is any great generosity on the
part of ihe Government in saying to these men,
"Because you were in the rebel piison, suffei
ing all the torture experienced there, that shall
not prevent you fioru having the same pay, as
if you had actually been in the place you would
otherwise have he!d in the Army ?'' Can we
claim anything on that score by being extra
generous on that account, it seems to me we
cannot. It seems to me the simplest act o(
justice on our part that we should make them
as well off as if they had been in that position
Now, Mr. Speaker, here is a third section,
which they say actually does away with and
annuls the second section. It reads as fol-
lows :
"That this resolution shall not be construed to
apply to cases in which, under the laws and Army
regulations existing at the time, there could have
been no lawful muster into service even after the
actual receipt of the commission."
Now, what say the War Department—and
the sentiment of the War Department seems
strangely to have crept into the minds of some
of the members of the Military Committee
when they say that the rules and regulations
of the Army require that a man should be
actually sworn and mustered in, to use a tech
meal.phrase ; that the man who was in a rebel
prinQii,or who was sick in hospital, could not
appear to take the oath and be mustered in :
therefore, the Army regulations, they say. con
flict with this provision in the first and second
sections of this act, and accordingly annul
them.
What was the use of passing the act at all ?
Why, the act was passed for the very reason
that the Army regulations would not allow
this to be done; for the very reason that it
could not be done except by a special act of
Congress. And we passed that special act.
This proviso certainly could have had no such
effect when properly construed. What is it ?
It is:
" That this resolution shall not be construed to
apply to cases in which, under the laws and Army
regulations existing at the time, there eould havo
been no lawful muster into service even after the
actual receipt of the commission."
Now, there was a class of cases to which
this was intended to apply. There was a regu-
lation that when a company was reduced below
a certain number vacancies among the officers
of that company should not be filled. There-
fore, if the man had been there, and a commis-
sion had been issued to him—and sometimes
a commission was issued where" there was no
vacancy—this third section of this joint reso-
lution was intended to apply to a case of that
sort. It certainly was not intended to nullify
the whole of the provisions of the two pre-
ceding sections. The rule of law is that an
act must be construed, if possible, so that it
will all stand; so that effect shall be given to
the whole of it; and that can be done here
without torturing the language at all.
Now, the simple question is this: whether the
Adjutant General of the Army is to rule in re-
lation to this matter, or whether Congress is
to rule ? It was perfectly understood, as I
said before, by the Committee on Military
Affairs and by the House and by the Senate,
because when this joint resolution was passed
there was a very considerable debate over it
in the Senate: it passed the House without
objection ; it was perfectly understood that we
intended to provicle for just exactly the cases
that are named in the act, where men were
sick in the hospital or were languishing in
rebel prisons. It was intended that they should
not be the sufferers by it; that they should
be as well off pecuniarily as if they had been
out of prison and hospital and present on duty.
And Congress so declared. But the Adjutant
General of the Army says that was not a good
thing to do, and that it sfiall not be done. It
is a question whether the Adjutant General of
the Army or the will of Congress shall prevail
ou this subject.
I trust that the opinion that was expressed
and the judgment that was expressed by
Congress at the tune they passed this net will
be the judgment of Congress now upon this
subject, and that they will put that judgment
in such language that the Adjutant Geneial of
the Army cannot, undo it.
Mr. COBUIIN In view of the fact that
the gentleman from Michigan, my colleague
upon the committee, [Mr. Stocghtox,] says
that he had a misunderstanding about this bill,
I will move that it be recommitted to the com-
mittee, with the understanding that it may be
reported during the present call of the com-
mittee. I am unwilling, if there is any misun-
derstanding about it on the part of any of ray
colleagues, that action shall be taken upon the
bill now.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am sure that
will be the better arrangement—to recommit
the bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to suggest an amendment?
Mr. COBORN. I will.
Mr. BUTLER. of Massachusetts. I would
suggest that the bill be amended by siriking
out the words '*of issuing commission,1' and
to insert the words '• when such muster should
have been made."
Mr. COBDIvN. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts will reduce his amendment to
writing, it can go to the committee with the
bill, and we will consider it. I now ask that
the bill be recommitted with the understand-
ing that it may be reported during the present
call of the committee.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Of course the
committee can report it to-morrow night, if
they wish.
Mr. COBURN. I call the previous question.
