1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4063
whether we ought, to reduce this duty so much
or not. I am entirely in accord with the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, that we ought not
to jeopardize this interest; and it' I knew pre-
cisely what line we ought to draw in order to
protect it, I would like to draw that line.
. Mr. BAYARD. I was surprised that the
Senator Irom South Carolina stated the appli-
cation for lowering the duty on sailpeter to
have been confined to a single large establish-
ment, which, to use his own phrase, was about
to swallow up the rest. So far as I know, all
the manufacturers of gunpowder or persons
interested 111 iis creation are in favor of cheap-
ening the price of saltpeter, the crude article
being produced entirely in other lands than
our own. South America supplies part of the
saltpeter used in this country, and the gun-
powder-mills of California obtain their sup-
plies fioui South America. On this side our
supplies of crude saltpeter are entirely from
Biitish India. There is this fact .stated-by the
very persons whom the Senator froni South
Carolina has cited here as proving the quality
and usefulness of the artificial saltpeter, that
made from the nitrate of potash, and this very
language I read from a circular placed upon
our tables this morning, I think, signed first
by the Hazard Powder Company and then by
other gentlemen, covering a page and a half,
of the chief dealers and manufacturers of this
article; and I will also say that I have the
same statement from a gentleman of the high-
est personal respectability of character in my
own State who has been engaged in this busi-
ness for the last fifty years :
" Tbe principal demand for nitrates is in the
manufacture ot gunpowder and curing of meats;
and the best results can be obtained only by the use
of natural saltpeter. Powder made trom nitrate of
soda is of an inteiior quality, and incapable of long
preservation. The soda niter absorbs moisture with
great avidity, and powder made with it speedily
becomes hardened into cakes, and worthless. It
corrodes, also,iron and other metallic substances with
which it comes in contact. It is unfit, therefore, for
exportation, or for domestic consumption even, un-
less promptly used.
" Kor war purposes it is worse than useless. Iron
shells are corroded, the powder cakes and hardens,
and bccomcs inert. Such powder deteriorates very
rapidly under the most favorable circumstances."
Now, I merely say to the Senate that I do
not think this is a time when tbe cost of mak-
ing gunpowder which will be capable of per-
manent preservation should be increased, to
say the least. We have, as we know, in this
country 110 Government works; we depend
upon these manufacturers for this essential
munition of war, and 1 submit to tbe Senate that
it was rather wiser in the House to place this
article on the free list than to come, even as we
have done, to the rate of duty fixed by the Sen-
ate in Committee of the Whole in the nature,
as was said by the Senator from Kansas, of a
compromise between the extreme demand of
having it on the free list and having this ex-
ceedingly high rate of duty, which, according
t.o tbe Bureau of Statistics, is on an average
fifty-five and a half per cent, ad valorem, and
that upon a material of which not one pound
of crude material exists in our country. I trust
there will be no doubt that the amendment of
the Committee of the Whole will be retained.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President 
Mr. BAYARD. 1 do not desire to prolong
the debate; but the Senator from South Caro-
lina has spoken twice and occupied his full
time already.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
was aware of it, but the Senator from South
Carolina asked the indulgence of the Senate,
and the Chair heard no objection.
Mr. BAYARD. It destroys the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
is made to the Senator from South Carolina
consuming more time on this amendment.
Mr! SAWYER. I do not wish to consume
a moment's time, except to read three lines
from a paper I have before mo, in reference
to experiments made by the Government.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection? The Chair hears none.
Mr. SAWYER. I read this :
" In the year 1863 the Ordnanee Bureau of the
Navy Department instituted careful experiments to
test the relative strength and value of domestic salt-
peter anil Calcutta saltpeter. They found, srfter
careful experiments and protracted examination,
that the domestic saltpeter was equal in every
respect to any relined from Calcutta saltpeter, and
very much more uniform, and the Ordnance Bureau
contracted with us for the supplies from time to
time which they needed from that time until the
close of the war."
That is all I have to say.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is oil concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BAYARD and Mr. POMEROY called
for the yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSEN. I certainly think
that it is of the first importance, above all
questions of finance, that we should protect
the manufactories of saltpeter. My own opin-
ion about it is, from all the information I can
get, ihat the report of the Committee on
Finance was about the right line for us to hit,
which was, I think, about thirty-five or thirty-
seven per cent.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Del-
aware can state it exactly; I think thirty-seven
to forty.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It was a reduc-
tion from forty-eight to thirty-seven ; a reduc-
tion of t.en per cent. Here it is proposed to
reduce it one half. There are several salt-
peter manufactories in the country. It is very
important that we should have that resource in
our own control. It is one of the munitions
of war. We ought to have it.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I have no doubt it
would be for the interests of powder-makers
to have the duty on sailpeter reduced, but I
believe there are quite a number of establish-
ments employing considerable capital and a
good many men that cannot continue their
business if this tariff is materially reduced. I
should be very sorry to have this Senate or
this Congress strike a blow at an industry which
has been fostered and built up to the condition
that this has under the protective policy of the
Government, and I should be very sorry to
have the tariff completely broken up on that
article, and it appears to me that it would
he as well on the whole to leave the duty re-
main as it was, under which powder manufac-
turers could do well, and under which those who
have built up tbese establishments for making
saltpeter could also do fairly well. I should
like to have them both rest as.they are, be-
lieving that they can prosecute a fair business.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator must know
that two years ago the parties who make this
saltpeter came here and got the articles they
made it from put on the free list. They are
entirely free now. Give them a protection of
twenty-five per cent, and it is enough protec-
tion. They do notneed more. They got alarmed
because the House made it free, and sent letters
here.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. If I gave full credit
to that statement 1 should certainly be satis-
fied, but I cannot from the statements which
I receive from these parties.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me ask the Senator
from Connecticut if he will vote for twenty-
five per cent, ad valorem on all the different
grades, which will raise the proposition some-
what?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. If it will advance it
from what it was left by the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, I will vote for it.
Mr. CONKLING. It will, a little. Then
I move to amend the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole, by making it twenty-
five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. POMEROY, I think the difficulty is
that we have always had the duty upon differ-
ent grades. The tariff has always been so
much upon crude, so much upon partially
refined, and so much upon refined. '
Mr. CONKLING. Butthe Senator will see
that there is a market price, an invoice price,
to every grade, and 1 made this motion sup-
posing it would meet his approval. He thinks
it is about tweniy-five per cent, now upon the
average.
Mr. POMEROY. About that.
Mr. CONKLING. As there is a little doubt
about, it, let us leave it at twenty-five per cent.
ad valorem. Then it applies to each grade,
and we know what it means. I hope the
Senator will not object to that.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New York.
Mr. POMEROY. If we agree to that
amendment let us see what we shall have got.
The Senator wants to strike out what we did
in Committee of the Whole and substitute
this.
Mr. CONKLING. That is the very motion
I am making.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will read the amendment as proposed.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment to the
amendment is to make the amendment read:
On saltpeter, crude, partially refined and refined,
twenty-five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. CONKLTNG. I prefer the amendment
as it came originally from the Committee on
Finance; so does the Senator from Connec-
ticut; so docs the Senator from South Caro-
lina ; but under the circumstances I think
we had better compromise about this, and I
am told that twenty-five per cent, ad, valorem
is a little better than the amendment which
the Senator carried in Committee of the Whole.
He does not object to changing it, and there-
fore I propose to make it twenty-five per cent.
ad valorem, but I shall vote against concurring
in the amendment, for if we can get back
where we were I shall be glad ; but if not, I
shall take as much as the Senate will give us.
Mr. BAYARD. I suggest to the Senator
from New York whether he thinks it would be
well to alter the duty on this article from a
specific to an ad valorem duty? The duty has
always been specific, and I believe it will be
better to retain it under a specific duty than
to make it an ad valorem duty. It has always
been specific since we have had a duty on
saltpeter, which the Government was very glad
to get rid of in 1861.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not differ with the
suggestion which the Senator makes, and if
we could adhere to what he and his committee
reported, I prefer that to this. If we could
take the price of saltpeter and graduate the
specific duty so that it would be twenty-five
per cent, ad valorem in fact on each grade, I
should prefer it; but the Senator will see that
is not at this moment attainable. Therefore,
for fear we are doing a thing which will be
pernicious for the reason referred to by the
Senator from New Jersey as well as for minor
reasons. I want to raise this somewhat, so that
we shall not be cutting under that line above
which we must keep in order to enable those
making saltpeter to live.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not want to kill
them.
Mr. CONKLING. Then let us take this as
far as it gctf s.
Mr. BAYARD. One word about this mat-
ter of saltpeter. There is something in the
air in which we live which may make it well
for us, perhaps, to be enabled to supply our-
selves with gunpowder. What the Senator
from South Carolina lias said in regard to this
artificial saltpeter, or the powder produced
from it, may be true, provided you use it
instantly. For blasting purposes I doubt not
it is exceedingly useful, and very valuable and
quite efficient; but you cannot keep it as a
munition of war. It will corrode and destroy
your shells, and become inefficient as a muni-
tion of war. I merely say that this is not
precisely the time to be making gunpowder
dear.
