*
3168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7, \
The previous question was seconded and
the main question was ordered ; and underthe
operation thereof the bill was recommitted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the motion to recom-
mit was agreed to; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OFFICERS OF MISSOURI STATU MILITIA.
Mr. STOUGHTON from the Committee on
Military Affair8, reported .back a bill (H. R.
No. 1931) granting three months' extra pay
proper to the officers of the Missouri State
militia, below the rank of brigadier general,
who continued in the military service during
the late rebellion, after the 3d of March, 18(55,
and were honorably discharged after the 9th
of April, 18G5, and moved that it be laid on
the table, and that the accompanying report
be printed.
Ihe motion was agreed to.
EXTRA PAY OF PAYMASTERS' CLERKS.
Mr. STOUGHTON also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back adversely the petition of
paymasters' clerks of the United States Army
for additional compensation ; which was laid
on the table, and the accompanying report
ordered to be printed.
CLAIMS FOR SUBSISTENCE SUl'PLIKS, ETC.
Mr. STOUGHTON also, from the same
committee, reported back a bill (II. R. No.
664) to amend an act entitled "An act to
restrict tlio jurisdiction of the Court of Claims,
and to provide for the payment of certain
demands for quartermaster's stores and sub-
sistence supplies furnished to the Army of the
United Stales," approved .July 4, 18G-1, and
moved that it bo laid upon the table, and that
the accompanying report, be printed.
The motion was ugroed to.
llOMliHTHADS KOIt SOLDIERS AN1) SAILORS, ETC.
Mr. STOUGHTON also, from the same
committee, reported back with a recommend-
ation that it pass, the bill (11. R. No. 10(15)
to enable honorably discharged soldiers and
sailors, their widows ami orphan children,
to acquire homesteads on the public lands
of the United Slates.
The bill provides in the first section that
every private soldier and officer who has
served m the Army of tlio United States dur-
ing the recent rebellion, for ninety days, and
who was honorably discharged, including the
troops mustered into tho service of the United
Stajes by virtue of the third section of an act
entitled "An act making appropriations for
completing the defenses of Washington, and
l'or other purposes," approved February 1!!,
18G2, and every seaman, marine, and otlicer
or other person, who has served in the Navy
of the United States or in the Marine corps
during tho rebellion, for ninety days, and who
was honorably discharged, has remained loyal
to the Government, shall bo entitled to enter
and receive a certificate for a quantity of pub-
lic lands (not mineral) not exceeding one hun-
dred and sixty acres, or one quarter section,
which shall be composed of contiguous tracts
according to legal subdivisions, including the
alternate reserved sections of public lands
along the line of any railroad or other public
work, or other lands subject to entry under
the homestead laws of the United States,
wherever public lands have been or may be
granted by acts of Congress; and that such
soldier, seaman, marine, or officer, his heirs
or assigns, shall be entitled to a patent for said
land upon complying with the provisions of an
act entitled "An act to secure homesteads upon
the public domain," except-as provided in ihis
act. But such soldier, seaman, marine, or
officer is to be allowed twelve months after
locating his homestead within which to com-
mence his settlement and improvement, and
the time which the soldier, seaman, marine
or officer shall have served in the Army, Navy'
or Marine corps, or if discharged on account
of wounds received or disability incurred in
the line of duty, then the term of enlistment
shall be deducted from the time heretofore
required to perfect title. Any soldier, sea-
man, marine, or officer may assign his certifi-
cate of entry within twelve months from the
date thereof to any citizen of the United States
over twenty-one years of age, or person who
has declared his intention to become such, who
has not previously availed himself of the ben-
efits of the homestead or preemption laws;
and such assignee is to succeed to all the
rights of the soldier, seaman, marine, or offi-
cer ; and it may be lawful for such assignee to
become the purchaser of certificates to the
amount of not more than one section, or six
hundred and forty acres of land, but the same
shall be contiguous and adjoining, and for the
purpose of actual settlement; but no such
assignor of a certificate of entry is thereafter
to have the right to avail himself of the benefit
of this act or the acts heretofore passed grant-
ing homesteads to actual settlers, nor is such
assignee to have the right, to acquire any
other homestead under said acts. But no
patent is to issue to such soldier, seaman, ma-
rine, or officer, or his assignee, who has not
resided upon, improved, and cultivated his
homestead for a period of at least two years.
The soldier, seaman, marine, or officer, is not
to be required to pay any Government fee.
The second section provides that any person
entitled under the provisions of Llie loregoing
section to enter a homestead, who may have
heretofore entered under the homestead laws
a quantity of land less than one hundred and
sixty acres, shall be permitted lo ent"r under
the provisions of this act so much land as,
when added to the quantity previously entered,
shall not exceed one hundred and sixty acres.
The third section provides, that in case of
the death of any person who would be entitled
to a homestead under the provisions of the first
section of this act, his widow, if unmarried,
or in case of her death or marriage, then his
minor orphan children, shall be entitled to all
the benefits enumerated in this act. If such
person died during his term of enlistment, the
whole term of his enlistment is to be deducted
Ironi the time heretofore required to perfect
the title.
The fourth section provides that every sol-
dier, seaman, marine, and officer who served
in the Army or Navy for the said period of
ninety days, and is now inscribed on the pen-
sion-rolls of the United States, or may here-
after bo so inscribed on account of wounds
received or disabilities incurred in the line of
duty, may, in lieu of the rights, privileges, and
benefits hereinbefore conferred, enter upon,
by an agent or attorney, and receive a patent
for one quarter section of land, as provided
in section one of this act, and shall be entitled
to all the benefits of the first section, and lia-
ble to all the provisions thereof, except as to
the personal residence ; and that all acts and
tilings required to be done by said homestead
settler by that section may be done by his agent
or attorney. But no such agent or attorney
shall act as such for more than one person at
the same time.
The fifth section provides that all declara-
tions and proofs required under this act and
the former acts granting homesteads to actual
settlers may be taken before the judge or clerk
of any court of record in the United States,
or of any State or Territory, and when duly
authenticated under the official seal of such
court, shall be of the same force and effect
as if taken before the register or receiver
of the proper land office.
The sixth section authorizes the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office to make all
needful rules and regulations to carry into
effect the provisions of this act.
Mr. RITCHIE. I would like to offer an
amendment to this bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Stodghton] has
the floor.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I will hear the
amendment read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Insert in the first section of thebill the following-
Also military telegraph operators who were sworn
into the military service as such, and were honor-
ably discharged after a service of one year.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I think I must refuse
to assent to that amendment.
Mr. RITCHIE. Will the gentleman allow
me a few minutes to explain it?
Mr. STOUGHTON. I yield five minutes
to the gentleman.
Mr. RITCHIE. Mr. Speaker, I have my-
self very little personal acquaintance with the
subject-matter of my amendment; but my
attention was called to this subject a few days
ago by a gentleman of my own county, who
was in the military service during the war aa
a military telegraph operator. He informs me
that such operators were sworn into the ser-
vice, and were subject tA military orders ; that
their service was at  ne most hazardous as
well as the most important character. This
was particularly the case along the borders.
Frequently large bodies of troops were saved
from danger and vast quantities of property
saved from destruction by the fidelity of these
men, who were often exposed to great peril
from the necessity of advancing the telegraph
lines and keeping up communication.
I submit this proposition to the judgment
of gentlemen who are practically familiar with
the subject. There are many gentlemen in
this House who can decide at once whether
there is merit in this application. I under-
stand there are but three or four hundred of
these men; and as they were subject to mili-
tary orders, as they pertormcd valuable service
and were exposed to the same risks with sol-
diers, I submit that they should be put on the
same footing in regard to homesteads, pro-
vided they were honorably discharged after a
service of at least one year.
I have understood that the distinguished
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
had indicated a willingness to support this
proposition, and I should like to hear from
him.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I will now take the
floor.
Mr. RITCHIE. As I have already said, I
have no practical familiarity myself with the
merits of this claim. I see gentlemen who are
competent to advise the House, and who know
whether the services of that class of men were
valuable or not.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I think this is a mat-
ter which should be considered separate from
this bill, and I desline to yield for the amend-
ment.
Mr. Speaker, the soldiers of the late war
are not unreasonable in their demands, but
from the thousands of petitions presented
here, and from the expression throughout the
country, I am satisfied that they are earnest
and determined. They have a right to ask
that Congress shall either confer upon them
a grant in the public lands similar to the
grants conferred upon soldiers of former wars,
or equalize the bounties so that those who per-
formed the most service shall be placed upon
an equal footing with those who performed
the least. And, sir, they fully comprehend
the strategy of those who are in favor of a land
grant where equalization is proposed and in
favor of equalization when a laud grant is
presented.
Let a law be passed giving to every Union
soldier and sailor, and to the widows and
orphans of those who are dead, one hundred
and sixty acres of the public land, to be held
by them and their heirs forever, or disposed
of under such regulations as will secure actual,
settlement and cultivation, and it will be not
