480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 22,1872,
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of the proceedings of Thursday
last was read and approved.
message feom the house,
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills;
in which concurrence was requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 876) to fund the debt of
the city of Washington existing June 1, 1871;
A bill (H. R. No. 1074) providing for the
survey of the harbor and river at Washington,
District of Columbia;
A bill (H. R. No. 1076) establishing certain
post roads in Vermont:
A bill (H. R, No. 1068) granting a pension
to Martha B. Williams; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1673) granting a pension
to Sarah Whiting.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Postmaster General rela-
tive to the persons liable as sureties for the
defalcation of Mr. Norton, late money-order
clerk in the New York city post office; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of
the Secretary of the Navy, communicating, in
obedience to law, the report of the board, of
officers organized to examine into the cases of
such officers as may deem themselves unjustly
passed over by promotions made in conformity
with the act of Congress approved July '25,
1866; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
PETITION'S AND MEMORIALS.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT presented resolu-
tions of the Legislature of South Carolina, in
favor of the removal of the political disabili-
ties of H. W. Carter, A. J. Stringer, and W. P.
Colcock; which were referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
He also presented resolutions signed by R.
W. White, chajrman, and William Cantwell,
secretary of the first congressional district
Republican committee, of Savannah, Georgia,
stating that some of their citizens are deprived
of civil rights by railroads, steamboat compa-
nies, hotel-keepers, and others, who deny them
accommodations which they readily accord to
aliens, non-tax-payers, &c., and thereforepray
for the passage of the supplementary civil fights
bill; which were ordered to lie on "the table.
Mr. BROWNLOW presented the petition of
Susan Patton, of Mcilinn county, Tennessee,
widow of John Patton, praying that she be
allowed a pension ; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the memorial of
a large number of citizens of Massachusetts,
being claimants and heirs of claimants for
French spoliations, in which they set forth
their losses from Prance and the existing obli-
gations of the national Government to pay those
losses and make them good. I move its refer-
ence to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present a petition
from the students of Lincoln University, in
Pennsylvania, asking the Senate to speedily
pass the bill known as the supplementary civil
rights bill; also a similar petition from Robert
vv. Stokes and one hundred and four others,
of . . ew Madrid, Missouri; also a similar
petition from the officers and members of
the Young Men's Christian Association of
Wilmington, Delaware; also a similar petition
from William P. Powell, notary public, and
one hundred and sixty-four others, of New
York city. 1 move that these petitions lie on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer the memorial
of the colored people of the United States in
convention assembled at Columbia, South Car-
olina, on the 18th day of October, 1871, which
convention, in the name of all American citi-
zens of African descent, memorialize Congress
"to enact into law the supplementary civil
rights bill introduced by Hon. Charles Stjm-
xer and now pending in the Senate of the
United States." This memorial is very brief,
very significant, very precise, and, in my judg-
ment, unanswerable. It says:
" As among American citizens there isno discrimin-
ation in regard to duties, so there should be none
in regard to rights. The Constitution of the United
States guaranties equal rights and privileges to
every class of citizens, and it is repugnant to its
spirit that any discrimination should be made
against any citizen on account of race or color, in
the enjoyment of a public privilege. American citi-
zens of African-descent are found among the execu-
tive officers and lawgivers in many of the States of
this great Republic; others are found occupying,
with honor to themselves and without discredit to
the country, seats in the national Legislature, while
others, with becoming dignity, represent the Gov-
ernment of the United States abroad in its diplo-
matic corps.
" Many thousands of these died that this nation
might live, and in the recent great rebellion they
often bore the honor of the Republic on the points
of their bayonots, side by side with their white com-
rades in arms. The shot and shell from rebel guns,
or the equally fatal pestilonce of the hospital and the
prison-pen, made no discrimination in their favor
then ; therefore the nation that they aided unflinch-
ingly to save should permit none against tlieui now.
You have the power to prevent the centinuance of
this great injustice, and to you we confidently look
for the enactment of a measure which will every-
where on American soil protect the American citi-
zen, whatever may be his color, against a degrading
discrimination. In the most refined capitals of Eu-
rope the privileges that this bill is designed to secure
have long since been accorded to tho colored man
equally with the white, and upon precisely the same
terms. Thisbeingthecaseunder monarchies avow-
edly founded upon distinctions in caste, it should
no longer be the reproach of the Bepublic that
four millions of its citizens enjoy abroad privileges
denied them at home.
" This is a civic 'disability' imposed upon us for
no crimes committed by us against, tho laws of our
country, and justice demands the passage of the bill
in question as the first great act of national amnesty.
Accord amnesty to others in your own good time, if
in your wisdom you so will, but grant it to us now,
for we have not offended again3t your laws. The
'disabilities' we labor under have arisen from no
act of our own, nor by any act of ours can they be
removed. Pass this bill, and you complete tho noble
arch of the American emancipation. You will thus
Prove to the world that the American Republic in
its beneficence has tho will, as well as the power, to
enforce the rights of the humblest citizen who yields
obedience to its laws."
This memorial, so admirable in form, is
signed by Robert B. Elliott, James M. Simms,
Richard Nelson, JosiahT. Walls, Isaac Myers,
Benjamin A. Bosemon, jr., F. C. Antoine, J.
P. Quarles, and F. G-. Barbadoes, committee
on behalf of the Colored Men's Southern State
Convention. I ask that this memorial take its
place with the other petitions and memorials
on the same subject.
The memorial was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of
Rufus M. Pickel, formerly assessor of internal
revenue for the first district of Iowa, praying
to be relieved from the payment of certain
internal revenue stamps alleged to have been
lost in transit from Washington city to Mount
Pleasant, Iowa; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have received and
been requested to present to the Senate the
memorial of John M. Scott and others, stating
that they hold the right of their ancestors to
some lands granted before the adoption of the
Constitution to the heads of families in the
State of Illinois, that they have been deprived
of those lands, and they ask that the Govern-
ment of the United States will now issue to
them land-warrants, that they may locate upon
other lands in lieu of those to which they were
entitled by grant made by Congress before the
adoption of the Constitution. I move that the
memorial be referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr..TRUMBULL, ..I. have .some-six peti-.
tions, numerously signed by citizens of the city
of Chicago, praying for the remission of duties
upon materials for the construction of build-
ings in the burnt district of that city, and also
a resolution passed by the board of county
commissioners of Cook county, Illinois, on
the same subject, asking that this relief be
extended to all the citizens of Chicago in erect-
ing buildings, whether inside or outside of the
burnt district. As I understand the commit-
tee will report upon this subject this morning,
or are prepared to do so, I move that the
memorials lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have also a petition
from tax-payers of Livingston county, in the
State of Illinois, in favor of a reform in the
tariffs so as to make it more nearly a system
of duties for revenue instead of protection.
I move its reference to the Committee on
Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. I present a remonstrance
from workers in Potts Grove Iron-Works, of
Pottstown, Montgomery county, Pennsylvania,
against a change of the existing tariff laws
abating or abolishing the duties upon such
articles as are successfully produced in this
country. The petitioners say they "are ad-
vised and believe such action will be urged
upon your honorable bodies by the English cap-
italists who maintain the Free-Trade League''
now existing in this country; and they respect-
fully pray for the repeal of all duties on tea
and coffee, and such other articles of necessity
or comfort as cannot be produced in the United
States; and they further pray " that as repre-
sentatives of the American people, you will
take care that duties shall be so adjusted as to
encourage and defend every home industry,
and to foster the honor and interests of the
American laborer."
I have also a similar petition from working-
men in the county of Lancaster, and a similar
petition from tho iron-works of Middletown,
Dauphin county, Pennsylvania, on the same
subject, and pretty much in the same words ;
all of which I move to refer to the Committee
on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON presented two petitions
from citizens of the western part of Pennsyl-
vania, headed by Governor John W. Geary
and other men who served in the late war,
praying a bounty of eight and one third dol-
lars per month to each soldier for the time he
served, and an amendment to the twenty-fifth
section of the act of July 15, 1870, so as to
allow soldiers and sailors to enter the land
therein allowed without the requirements of
settlement and cultivation ; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WILSON presented the memorial of
the Women's Economical Garden Homestead
League, praying the enactment of a woman's
homestead law, and that, one half of all lands
grauted to railroads, &c., and of that reserved
for homesteads along the lines of such grants
shall be held for settlement by women ; which
was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
He also presented the petition of Lucyna
Hathaway, praying to be allowed a pension ;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
He also presented the petition of George W.
Morse, praying an extension of his patents
Nos. 15995 and 15996 for an improvement in
fire-arms; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Patents.
Mr. NYE presented a petition of citizens of
Nevada, praying the establishment of a mail
route from Wells's station to Pioche in that
State; which was referred to the Committee
on Post. Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. SCHURZ. I present the petition of
several citizens of St. Louis representing (he
Jjiauor .Dealers' Association, praying for cer-
