1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3169
only an act of justice, but a graceful tribute
to their gallantry and devotion which will be
prized alike by the citizen and the soldier.
Such are the general features of the pend-
ing bill and of the bill which passed the
last House of Representatives. It authorizes
every honorably discharged soldier to enter
one hundred and sixty acres of any land sub-
ject to homestead settlement, with the follow-
ing additional provisions:
1. He is to have one year after the entry of
the land in which to commence his settle-
ment and improvement.
2. The time he actually served in the Army
is to be deducted from the time necessary
under the homestead law to perfect title.
3. He may assign his certificate of such entry
to any other person entitled under the laws
of the United States to enter a homestead,
who will succeed to all his rights and privi-
leges, but neither the assignor nor theassignee
can afterward avail himself of the benefits of
the homestead law.
4. Those who are disabled by reason of
wounds received or .disability incurred in the
line of duty may, at their option, make the
required settlement by an agent or attorney,
provided that no such agent or attorney shall
act for more than oue person at the same
time.
The provisions of this bill are in conformity
with the policy of the Government to dispose
of the public lands for actual settlement and
cultivation. It secures to every soldier, free
of cost, a quarter section of land with the
right of absolute enjoyment or alienation to
any purchaser who desires it for the purposes
contemplated by the homestead law. It takes
no money from the Treasury, interferes with
no industry, and violates no right. If it
be true that the public lauds under the pro-
visions of this bill would be rapidly absorbed,
it is equally true that they would be settled,
improved, and developed in the same propor-
tion.
The provision giving one year after the
formal entry in which to commence actual set-
tlement is of great importance. It will enable
the soldiers to arrange their home affairs pre-
paratory to a change of residence, and to torm
colonies and carry with them the conveniences
of life and the means of defense against In-
dian depredations. Those who are so situated
that a change of residence is undesirable can
also negotiate their titles without the inter-
vention of brokers and speculators.
Under existing laws it requires five years'
residence and cultivation to perfect a title to
the public lands. It is proposed to allow the
time the soldier served iff the Army to be de-
ducted from this period. And why not? Were
not the years during which the enei'gies and
attention of the soldier were withdrawn from
his private business and wholly devoted to the
public welfare worth as much as the time of
the homestead settler? If not, let us tax the
soldiers to pay the men who never raised their
hands or voice in defense of the Governmeut
for taking the broad acres of our public
domain as a gift!
The provision authorizing the soldier to
assign his certificate to any other person who
under the laws of the United States is enti-
tled to enter a homestead is just and reason-
able. It appropriates no land not otherwise
subject to homestead entry. The reward con-
ferred on the soldiers ought to be uniform and
general. But ail are not homestead settlers,
and never will be. Scarcely one in a thou-
sand can abandon his local associations, busi-
ness interest, and established home. A sol-
dier's land grant requiring actual settlement
by the soldier in person as a condition-prece-
dent is, therefore, a fraud on its face. It
would confer no substantial benefits, save
in a few exceptional cases. If any estate
were granted, or intended to be granted
thereby, it would work a forfeiture in a large I
42d Cong. 2d Suss.—No. 199.
majority of cases without crime or conviction.
I am aware that, it has been said, in opposi-
tion to this provision, that these assignments
would flood the market and become worthless.
The answer is obvious; the land covered by
a soldier's certificate in his own hands or the
hands of his assignee will be equal in value to
the railroad or other adjoining land of the
same quality. If, as the objection would seem
to indicate, the effect of our homestead law
has been to render the fertile plains of the
West, valueless, it is quite time we had a change
in our land policy. With an apparent incon-
sistency, it is also said that, the '•sharpers"
will cheat the soldiers out of their rights. If
a few are improvident, is that any reason why
all should be denied an act of justice? But,
sir, there is no cause for any alarm. The great
body of the soldiers will be found fully capable
of managing their own affairs and zealously
guarding their own rights. They exhibited
on divers and sundry occasions during the
war some sharp points, and there is good rea-
son to believe that the men who saved one
third of the area of this Republic from trea-
son and rebellion can take care of a hundred
and sixty acres of western land.
The clause allowing wounded and disabled
soldiers to settle homesteads by an agent or
attorney needs no comment. It makes no
difference to the Government who perforins
the manual labor required by law; and the
veteran disabled by the casualties or exposure
of war should at least be permitted to have
that done by another which he can no longer do
himself. Congress has repeatedly made liberal
grants of the public lands as a reward for military
services. The acts of May 6, 1812, and April
16, 1816, gave valuable rights to the soldiers
of the Revolution, and those of the war of
1812 who served out their term ot' enlistment.
The act of September 28, 1850, made gener-
ous provisions for the soldiers of the Mexican
and all former wars. And these grants were
si ill further extended by the acts of March 22,
1852. and March 3, 1855. There is no reason
for the abandonment of this just and whole-
some policy.
The total area of the public land sold and
unsold, as shown by the records of the General
Land Office, is 1,834,998,400 acres. The en-
tire amount sold and disposed of up to June
30, 1871, including railroad and other grams,
is 45S,031,895 acres, leaving 1,376,907,005
acres still uusold. Estimating the number of
soldiers and sailors who under this bill would
be entitled to enter lands at 2,225,569, and
multiplying this by 160, the number of acres
to be granted, gives 3G9,305,440 acres as the
amount of land ultimately required in case all
the claims are allowed. Deduct this from the
public lands now unsold, and there still re-
main 1,007,661,565 acres. Will any one pre-
tend that the nation cannot afford to do this
act of justice?
Since the passage of the homestead law the
public lands have ceased to be a source of
revenue. We give to foreigners of every class
and shade of character one hundred and sixty
acres of as fertile land as the sun ever shone
upon the moment they declare their intention
to become citizens. Why not make the pro-
visions broader and more beneficial to the
sons of the soil and those citizens of foreign
birth who have earned the nation's gratitude
in a long and perilous war? The soldiers'
claims are not to be sacrificed to the agrarian
theories and abstractions of homestead spec-
ulators. The design of the homestead law
was to enable all who desired, to possess one
hundred and sixty acres of the public land.
This is right; but unwise and hasty legisla-
tion has changed its whole character. It has
been tortured into an absolute prohibition
upon the right of the citizens of the United
States to purchase more than that quantity.
The enterprising farmer who emigrates there,
expecting to cover hill and dale with waving
grain and lowing herds, finds that although
the Government has millions of acres of un-
occupied lands he can only obtain a patch
about large enough for a western corn-field!
If he gets more, he must buy out some profes-
sional homesteader who claims the adjoining
land because some one else wants it and for
the purpose of making money out of the
nation's generosity. Fraud and perjury are
freely resorted to in support of their pretended
homestead claims ; military and Indian res-
ervations are invaded in violation of law, and
Congress at every session is asked to abandon
the one and drive the Indians from the other
iu order to enrich the worst set of sharks and
land-grabbers in Christendom. Should the
soldiers' bounty bill interfere with this state
of things it is cheering to know that the "Re-
public will leceive no detriment."
In answer to an inquiry addressed to the
Commissioner of the General Land Office I
have been furnished with a statement of the
percentage of homestead abandonments in
some of the most important land districts
which I will submit as a part of my remarks:
DePABTMEXT 01' THE LN'TEKIOK,
General Land Office,
Washington, U. C., April 8, 1872.
Sin: In reply to your inquiry of the 6th instant, X
have the honor to state that tlie following: approxi-
mate estimate shows the number of homestead en-
tries made in certain land districts, with the per
cent, of cancellations by reason of relinquishments
and abandonments:
Number Per cent.
Land district. homestead caneelia-
entries. tions.
St. Cloud. Minnesota 7,400 28
Jackson, Minnesota 7,50:) 20
Topeka, Kansas 8,577 28
Junction City, Kansas 0,800 15
Denver, Colorado 2,308 23
Vermillion, Dakota 3,4^0 24
Boonville, Missouri 'J.UOO 25
Ironton, Missouri 4,000 25
Bpim^licid, Missouri 5,914 25
Oouucil Blutfi, Iowa  581 46
l'ort Dodge, Iowa 6,144 25
Sioux City, Iowa 6,072 33
Lincoln, Nebraska 9,856 17
This is believed to be sufficiently accurate to show
the general result of the operation ol the homestead
laws in the districts named up to date. How many
will fail to be finally proved up (the term not having
expired except for those made as early as April,
1805) cannot, of course, be stated. These must,
however, necessarily add largely to the per cent, of
cancellations.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
W. W. CURTIS,
Acting Comitu^Bioner.
Hon. William L. Stoi;ghtox,
Mouse of lieyrebentatives.
This percentage, as the acting Commissioner
states, must be greatly increased, and probably
doubled. It is safe to say that one half of the
homestead entiies are for purposes of fraud
and speculation, and are settled, if settled at
all, by a restless and unstable population.
The law requiring our western lauds to be
disposed of only to actual settlers in tracts uof,
exceeding one hundred and sixty acres, is an
abridgment of the rights of the American
people, and benefits no one except homestead
speculators and the great railroad corpora-
tions, which, if this policy is continued, will
have a monopoly of all the laud sales in the
West. The immediate effect of the passage of
this bill will be to encourage a more enterpris-
ing class of settlers, who, as owners or pue-
chasers of soldiers' rights in a sufficient quan-
tity of land to constitute a productive farm,
will add to the industry and wealth of the West
instead of impoverishing the country by fraud-
ulent homestead entries and abandonments.
The so-called soldiers' homestead bill, which
passed this House on the 5th of March, con-
fers no general benefit upon the soldiers. All
that is valuable in that act is taken from the
House bill of the Forty-First Congress; but
the most important provisions are leit out. It
is the " play of Hamlet with the part of Ham-
let omitted." It rquires actual settlement by
the soldier in person. No provision whatever
is made for nine hundred and ninety-nine out
of every one thousand soldiers who cannot
