1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
420 Cons....2d Sess.
Frauds in the District—Mr. Roosevelt.
Ho. of Reps.
avenues, alleys, and sewers, and roads and bridges,
and shall assess in such manner as shall be pre-
scribed by law, upon the property adjoining and to
be specially benefited by the improvements author-
ized by law and made by them, a reasonable propor-
tion of the cost of the improvement, not exceeding
one third of such cost, which sum shall be collected
as all other taxes are collected. They shall make
all necessary regulations respecting the construc-
tion of private buildmgsin the District of Columbia,
subject to the supervision of the Legislative Assem-
bly. All contracts made by the said Board of Public
Works shall be in writing, and shall be signed by the
parties making the same, and a copy thereof shall
be filed m the office of the secretary of the Distriot;
and said Board ol Public Works shall have no power
to make contracts to bind said District to the pay-
mcnt of any sums of money except in pursuance of
appropriations made by law, and not until such
appropriations shall have been made. All contracts
made by said board in which any member of said
board shall be personally interested shall be void,
and no payment shall be made thereon by said Dis-
trict or any officers thereof. On or before the first
Monday in November of each year thoy shall sub-
mit to each branch of the Legislative Assembly a
report of their transactions during the preceding
year, and also furnish duplicates ot the same to the
Governor, to be by him laid bofore the President of
the United States for transmission to the two Houses
of Congress; and shall be paid the sum of $2,500
each annually." * * * * * * *
" Sec. 39. And be it further enacted. That if at any
election hereafter held in the District of Columbia
any person shall knowingly personate and vote, or
attempt to vote, in the name of any other person,
whether living, dead, orfictitious, or vote more than
once at the same election for any candidate for the
same office, or vote at a place where ho may not be
entitled to vote, ©r vote without having a lawful
right to vote, or do any unlawful act to secure a
right or opportunity to vote for himself or any other
person,a or by force, threats, menace, or intimida-
tion, bribery, reward, or offer, or promise thereof, or
otherwise unlawfully prevent any qualified voter of
the Distriot of Columbia from freely exercising the
ri$ht of suffrage, &c., shall be deemed guilty of a
crime and liable to fine and imprisonment."
The persons appointed by the President
under this act were H. D. Cooke, Governor;
Alexander R. Shepherd, vice president and
executive officer of the Board of Works;
James A. Magruder, who was afterwards made
treasurer without any authority of law what-
ever, S. P. Brown, ancPthe engineer A. B.
Mullett, who together constituted the Board
of Works.
From reading these provisions it will be
seen what a mongrel affair was the new gov-
ernment of the District, a step in the direction
of trusting the people—a halt and then a
step backward. It was anomalous, piebald—
u neither flesh, nor fowl, nor good red her-
ring." It revived the stale idea of commis-
sions, such as have been tried over and over
again for local government and always Tailed ;
it gave the people a taste of their rights while
it really created masters with absolute power
over them. In establishing a Board of Works
it virtually transferred "authority to those who
might, and who in the eventdid, utterly ignore
and despise the wishesand interests of the com-
munity. This strange state of the law is due to
the fact that it was not considered safe to trust
the ignorant uegro voters, who during and
since the war had congregated in Washington
in vast-numbers; that Republicans had no con-
fidence in the very element of suffrage which
they themselves had called into existence, and
put as little faith in the black vote as the ex-
tremes*; of old-fashioned secessionists. The
exclusive council and Board of Works weie to
be checks on the more common and vulgar
nominees of the ordinary herd of negroes, and
were appointed iu the interest of the dominant
and wealthier race. But in practice the at-
tempt did not work any more successfully,than
the frequent efforts of the Republican Legis-
latures of States to rule recalcitrant Demo-
cratic cities by commissions and non-partisan
boards. The appointed bodies soon made
themselves masters of the situation; they
elected whom they preferred to office, forced
the latter to pass whatever legislation they
demanded, took upon themselves to rule the
District as they pleased, and set the will of
the people at defiance.
With the action of the council I have noth-
ing to do, and can^only in the time .allowed
me trace out the proceedings of the Board of
Works in a few of its larger operations, and I
shall as far as possible avoid raising any ques-
tions of a difference of judgment or of doubt-
ful construction of law. Possibly a party
mancan hardly be expected to view the acts
of his adversaries with absolute impartiality,
but I shall endeavor to do so, and I may say
that I commenced the investigation with a
predisposition in favor of the Board of Works
instead of any feeling against it, and I sin-
cerely believe that I would now rather approve
its conduct than condemn it. But the outrages
committed against this city, and the deplorable
position to which property-holders have been
reduced in a short seven months, compel me to
tell the whole truth aud gloss over nothing, in
order that Congress may fully understand the
case and be able to apply the proper remedy.
The new government came into existence
June 1, 1871, and in January, 1872, at the end
of only seven months, so scandalous had
•become the conduct of the Board of Public
Works, so loud the complaints and notorious
their proceedings, that Cougress was forced,
on the demand of over a thousand citizens, to
order this investigation.
Of the most flagrant acts I shall select only
a few lor consideration, commencing with the
grading of F street from Seventeenth to
Twenty-first streets, west of the President's
grounds. This street has been cutdown from
two to twelve feet, involving a proportional
grading of the cross-streets and of G street,
which is the parallel street north of it, and
leaving the houses erected along the lines of
all these elevated from five to fifteen or twenty
steps above the sidewalk and roadway. This
was by no means a new street, nor in an unim-
proved part of the city, but ran through an
excellent portion of the town and was adorned
by some of the most beautiful and expensive
residences in it. The damage caused by the
change was enormous, probably not less than
half a million dollars. Houses had to be
under-pinned or tei raced, additional steps had
to be addttd in front, stables were rendered
useless, high, double back walls had to be built
for thousands of yards, sidewalks had to be
removed and relaid, water and gaa-pipes had
to be lowered, and now the ordinary acts of
domestic life, such as putting in coal, wood,
&c., are rendered exceedingly inconvenient.
For all this injury of course it will be ex-
pected that some great gain was to compen-
sate ; but what will be the surprise of all who
hear me when they are told that to tins day
nobody knows why the change of grade was
made. Mr. Architect Mullett says it was to
give a fine view from the new State Depart-
ment, which is now being erected ; Mr. Engi-
neer Green says it was done in order to elevate
the houses and make them more healthy, as if
cutting a sort of trench in front of them did
that; -others testified it was to give a view of
the Potomac river from Pennsylvania avenue ;
and others that it was to help the sewerage,
although the sewer through F street was laid
long before and at so deep a grade that it
was not changed at all; while the memorialists
assert it was done to improve a row of houses
owned by Mr. Shepherd, the president of the
Board of Public Works, and which bad been
set too low by a mistake of the architect. Here
are certainly reasons enough, if they were only
consistent; aud in order to enable gentlemen
to determine which is the more probable, I
will describe the proceedings in detail. But
first I will read portions of the testimony to
prove that I do not exaggerate :
"Question. Do youeon&ider the cutting on F strees
a proper or a necessary improvement?
"Answer. I think it is a very great improvement.
As to how much it will cost the property,! have
never examined that question. It opens that part
of the city to the river, both lor air and drainage,
and it is better on that account.
"Question. How do you mean that it opens it for
drainage?
Answer. It gives direct surface-drainage to. the
river. J.he best way tor sewerage is to carry it the
shortestdistance.
"Question. But if the sewor was laid before the
cut, it would not change that?
"Answer. No, it would not change that; but it
changed the sewers running north and south from
the cross streets.
"Question. Could they not have been laid without
cutting the street ?
"Answer. Oh, yes; they could have been laid. I
do not think that the cutting was a thing of absolute
necessity.
"Question. The principal benefit is only that it
opens the view to the river ?
"Answer. It opens the vjcw and the air, which is
of more oonsequence than the view. There was a
hollow between Pennsylvania avenue and the river
at about F street or E or G.
" Quention. What was gained by cutting down F
street in the manner stated?
'Vbuw. Merely getting this descent to the river
and to the lreasury Department. Tuat was the
principal part gained.
"Question. Was it cutdown with rogard to making
the situation ol the State Department more beauti-
ful ?
"Answer. I suppose that was one point. As I said
before, 1 did not discuss that question at all. The
cutting that was done in Seventeenth street,was
done before I came here, aud that involved the
cutting of F street.
"Question. What is the effect of that cutting with
reference to the State Department?
"Answer. It opens a vista to the State Depart-
ment. l'rom about Twenty-second street it is a
stiaight grade, or nearly straight.
/'Question, lias it any other effect upon the loca-
tion than adding to the beauty of the {State Depart-
ment?
"Answer. No, air; I do not think it has any other
effect.
/'Question. You say that you think that this cut-
ting through F street was a benefit; do you think
that it is a benefit to cut away the bod of & street so
as to leave the houses ten feet above it ?
"Answer. I think that a house should be five or
six toot abovo the street.
"Question. For what reason?
"Answer. On account of health, because the air is
not good too near the surface of the street. X think
that, in a sanitary point of view, that fact is pretty
well established.
"Question, Do you think it will be a wise thing to
cut down all the streets of Washington ten foot V
"Answer. I do. not know that; but I think it
would be better if every house was live or six feofc*
above the street. But whether it would bo worth
going to such an expense would depend upon the
value that people place upon their health.
"Question. Would there be any difference in that
rule as between F street and any other street?
" Annxoer. No, sir.
"Question. Y ou mean that it would be the same
benelit toF street as to any other street to have it
cut down ten feet ?
"Answer. I do not think it would be any benefit
to auy street to be cut down ten feel; I am only speak-
ing of the propriety of having houses live or six toot
above the street, which is given in sanitary discus-
sions as the height at which air should be taken.
" Question. Do you think that it is any benefit to
a stable to be left five feet in the air ?
"Answer. It will be a benefit to the horses.
'[Question. Would that benefit make up for the
difficulty in getting the horses down ?
"Answer, i do not know that; as I stated before,
I never examined the question in that point of view.
It never camo before me in that way.
" Question. Your impression is that the air it
better live feet above the street?
"Answer. 1 gather that from the sanitary discus-
sions.
" Question. Is that rule peculiar to this city ?
Answer. No, sir. (Pago Vi'l.)
"Question. Do you know the location of Mr. Shep-
herd's houses ?
" Answer. Yes, sir; very well.
" Question. Are they benefited more than the rest
of the properly on that street?
"Answer. 1 think so; very much more.
"Question. Why?
"Answer. Mr. Shepherd's houses, as originally
built, weie built very low. What struck me as very
pccuhar was that in the hou^e at the corner of
Eighteenth and F, the bay-window wab so near the
ground, nccording to the old grade, that you could
look right into it as you passed. This grade has cut
the street down, and has placed the sidewalk away
out from the houses, so that these bouses are very
much benefited by it. I do not think that the
houses near Seventeenth street are very much, ben-
efited. I think there are too many steps up to them;
ihat the houses are up too high: but the rest ot the
houses are very much benefited. 'They seem to me
to have been built; with a view to some change of
grade,
"Question. Whcrearcthey situated?
"Anmcr, On F street—the north side—fronting
south, and running from the corner of Eighteenth
street toward Seventeenth street. (Page 22.)
"Question. Has-it been necessary to change the
sewer in that sUeet?
*'Answer. No, sir.
"Question. The sewer, as it was constructed there,
was below the present grade ?
