1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1377
Congress of reporting and publishing the pro-
ceedings and debates under this bill:
Number of copies required.
For libraries of Uni ted States district courts  62
For libraries of States and Territories  47
For members of Senate and House ... 0^.0
For executive departments of General Govern-
ment        J.
For judges of the Supreme Court  9
For judges of the Court of Claims   5
For Senate Library  50
For House Library  7o
For Library of Congress   oO
Bound copies .. 028
Copies unbound for members ot Senate and
House 323
Total  951
Cost,
For reporting, composition, corrections, &c., of
13,804£columns (equal in length to present column
of Daily Globe, and making a little over two col-
umnsof the quarto) at$12 50 per column.$172,556 25
For printing 951 copies containing 10,423
pages each, and making 9,912,273 pages,
at two mills pet page  19,844 54
For binding 628 copies, 10 volumes each,
and making in all 6,280 volumes, at 60
cents per volume  3,768 00
For expense of mailing and wrapping 323
copies of the Daily to members for 300
days    909 00
For salary of one clerk to prepare index. 4,000 00
201,117 79
Should it be thought advisable to
stereotype the matter with a view to
supplying a possible demand in the
future, it would be necessary to add :
For stereotyping 10,423 pages at $1 50 per
page  15,634 50
Cost for one Congress $216,752 29
This estimate I regard as very liberal; it is
probably on the whole work fully ten per cent,
highfer than it can be done for and afford a
good profit to the contractor.
Comparison of the estimated cost under the bill with
ijld estimated cost under the proposition of Hives &
Bailey for continuing the Globe on the old plan.
The total amount expended for reporting, publish-
ing, and binding, (the latter estimated,) the
Congressional Globe for the Forty-First Congress
was.! $579,779 56
Deduct from this the extra compensa-
tion- voted to reporters, not properly
chargeable to the Globe,  2o,4j>2 5$
And we have  553,296 98
By omitting the duplicated indexes
contained in the volumes of the
Forty-First Congress, Eives & Bailey
estimate that the above sum may
be reduced for the Forty-Second Con-
gress to the extent of.  18,000 00
Cost for two years under the old ar-
rangement would then be 5o5,29b yo
Cost under the bill proposed 216,7o2 29
Amount which would be saved $318,544 69
Should it be thought advisable to so amend
the bill as to provide for printing the Daily
in folio form, as at present, and give to cach
member two copies of the folio instead of
one, we must add 323 to the number of copies,
and should it be deemed advisable to so amend
it as to give one bound copy to each county
and parish in the United States for the libra-
ries of the counties and parishes it would be
necessary to add 2,239 more, which would
make the total number of copies 3,513, or
nearly nine thousand less than are now pub-
lished. It would make the cost (I estimate
one and one half mills per page on this num-
ber of copies) $276,254 75, or over $259,000
less than Hives & Bailey's estimate for the
present Congress on the old plan.
The proposition to furnish county libraries
is open to some objection. It will be said that
counties like that in which the city of New
York is situated, with its population of a mil-
lion, would get no more than a frontier county,
with a population of five thousand. I do not
know how this objection can be obviated en-
tirely unless we abandon the amendment or
the principle which this bill seeks to apply in
the distribution of the Globe. But even in
42d Cong, 2d Sess.—No. 87.
the extreme cases named, will not the Globe
be just as accessible to every one of the many
citizens of a city as to the people of the more
sparsely settled counties, and will not the
superior advantages afforded by libraries and
newspapers render the Globe less desirable to
the former than to the people of the latter ?
This bill contemplates, as I have before
stated, a condensation of the debates and pro-
ceedings in the future, and stipulates that in
any contract made under it the right shall be
reserved to either or both Houses of abridging
the debates and omitting such of the proceed-
ings as they see fit, without any increase of
the rate per column for publication agreed
upon in the contract; and I trust that some
plan may be soon suggested which will save
$100,000 more each Congress than the amount
named above.
I do not believe the country is benefited in
the least by the publication in full of the de-
bates and proceedings of Congress. The
Journals of the two Houses and the press
would, in my judgment, preserve all that either
ourselves or our constituents have any use for.
But the Globe is one of the idols to which it
appears we are irrevocably joined. We have
helped to make it, and we love it because it is
the result of our own handiwork. It may not
be handsome, but it is our own child, and is
therefore dear to us, and Heaven knows it is
also dear enough to the country. We have
built many great expectations upon it. We
have hoped that it might carry our speeches
down to that remote period when the progress-
ive and widening intellect of man would be
able to discover in them the same beauties
which the scholars of this age find in the utter-
ances of the great Roman and Greek orators
of olden time. We have imagined that a
thousand years hence the student might rack
his brain over our orations and those of
Demosthenes, in the vain endeavor to determ-
ine which were most deserving of his admira-
tion. This is a flattering thought. Ittouchesus
in our tenderest spot; it tickles our vanity and
fills us with pleasurable emotions; it makes
us feel as if we were indeed born again, and
were thus assured of immortality. But I would
suggest that in the ecstasy with which this con-
sideration fills us we may by possibility kick
too high, and so upset ourselves. If the Globes
are permitted to increase during the next thou-
sand years at the same rate that they have
during the last thirty, the world would not be
large enough to hold them. There is no adja-
cent planet that could be conveniently annexed
for the purpose of a store-house, and the result
would be that the few men who would find room
to live at that distant day would have neither
the time, strength, or inclination to explore
the mountains of Congressional Globes which
would arise about them. In our tilt with
Demosthenes for their good opinion are we
not therefore contributing to the chances of
our own defeat when we print too much? I
leave this question to the serious consideration
of the House.
civil service reform.
Mr. LAMISON. Mr. Speaker, among the
subjects contained in the message of the Presi-
dent, which he addressed to us at the open-
ing of the present session of Congress, none
is more seriously commended to our attention
than is that of a "reform of the civil service
of the country."
The attention of Congress had, I believe,
for the first time in the history of the Govern-
ment, in any message of the President, been
called to this subject in the annual message of
the Executive addressed to Congress at the
last session of the Forty-First Congress.
In that communication the President, in
referring to this subject, held the following
language;
" " Always favoring practical reforms, I respect-
fully o&llyour attention to one abuse of long stand-
ing, which I would like to see remedied by this
Congress. It is a reform in the civil service of the
country. I would have it go beyond the mere fix-
ing of the teirare of office of clerks and employSs,
who do not ' require the advice and consent of the
Senate' to make their appointments complete. I
would have it govern, not the tenure, hut the maa-
ner of making all appointments. There is no duty
which so much embarrasses theExeeutive and heads
ofDepartments asthatof appointments ; nor is there
any such arduous and thankless labor imposed on
Senators and Representatives as that of finding
places for constituents. The present system does
not seoure the bestmen, and often not even lit men,
for public place. The elevation and purification of
the civil service of the Government will be hailed
with approval by the whole people of the United
States."
For the purpose of enabling the President
to inaugurate and carry out the reforms sug-
gested by him in his message as necessary in
order to render the civil service efficient, and
to relieve it from the abuses from which it was
suffering, that Congress before the close of its
session passed the following act:
"That the President of the United States be, and
he is hereby, authorized to prescribe such rules and
regulations for the admission of persons into the
civil service of the United States as will best pro-
mote the efficiency thereof and ascertain the fitness
of each candidate in respect to age, health, charac-
ter, knowledge, and ability for the branch of service
into which he seeks to enter; and for this purpose
the President is authorized to employ suitable per-
sons to conduct said inquiries, to prescribe their
duties, and to establish regulations for the conduct
of persons who may receive appointments in the
civil service."
In his message of December 4, 1871, ad-
dressed to this Congress, in alluding to the
above statute and to his action under it, the
President says:
"In my message to Congress one year ago I
urgently recommended a reform in the civil service
of the country. In conformity with that recommend-
ation, Congress, in theninth section of an act making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment, and for other purposes, approved March
3,1871, gave the necessary authority to the Execu-
tive to inaugurate a oivil service reform, and placed
upon him the responsibility of doing so. Under the
authority of said act I convened a board of gentler
men eminently qualified for the work to devise rules
and regulations to effect the needed reform. Their
labors are not yet complete, but it is believed that
they will succeed in devising a plan that can be
adopted, to the great relief of the Executive, the
heads of Departments, atid members of Congress,
and which will redound to the true interest of the
public service. At all events, the experiment shall
have a fair trial."
It will be seen from a reading of the
foregoing extract that the commission con-
vened and organized by the President under
and in pursuance of the law before referred
to had not yet completed their labors; but
the hope is confidently expressed that they
will " succeed in devising a plan that can
be adopted, to the great relief of the Ex-
ecutive, the heads of Departments, and mem-
bers of Congress, and which will redound to
the true interest of the public service."
On the 19th of December, 1871, the com-
mission having " completed their labors," the
President transmitted their report to Congress,
and accompanied the same with a special mes-
sage, which I will read entire for reasons which
I think will become apparent before the close
of my remarks. The President says :
"In accordance with the act of Congress approved
March 4,1871, X convened a commission of eminent
gentlemen to devise rules and regulations for the
purpose of reforming the civil service. Their labors
are now complete, and I transmit herewith their
report, together with the rules which they recom-
mend lor my action. These rules have been adopted,
and will go into effecton thelstday of January, 1872.
"Under the law referred to, as I interpret it, the
authority is already invested in the Executive to
enforce these regulations, with full power to abridge,
alter, or amend them, at his option.when changes
may be deemed advisable. These views, together
with the report of the commissioners, are submitted
for your careful consideration, as to whether further
legislation may be necessary in order to carry out an
effective and beneficial civil service reform.
"If leit to me, without further congressional
action, the rules prescribed by the commission, under
the reservation already mentioned, will be faithfully
executed; but they are not binding, without further
legislation, upon my successors. , _
"Being desirous of bringing this subject to the
attention of Congress before the approaching recess*
I have not time to sufficiently examine the accom-
panying report to enable me to suggest definite legis-
lative action to insure the support which may o 
