THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
which were referred to the select Committee
on- the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. STEVENSON presented the petition of
W. W. Bradley and others, Federal soldiers
.of Harrison county, Kentucky, praying an
amendment to the act -of July 15, 1870, so as
to provide for the equalization of pensions and
bounty lands by abolishing the requirements
of- that act as to settlement and cultivation;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
. Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, presented the
petition of George F. Tracy, of Bridgeport,
Connecticut, setting fortli.that he is postmas-
ter of that place, that the post office was en-
tered and robbed of a large amount of stamps,
and praying that he may be relieved from the
obligation of reimbursing the Government
therefor ; which was referred to the Committee
oti Post Offices and Post Iloads.
Mr. SCHURZ presented tbe petition of
Philip Gordon, a,soldier in a regiment of New-
York volunteers, praying inquiry into the cir-
cumstances connected with the murder of
Elian Gordon ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. LOGAN presented a petition of-citizens
of, Pennsylvania, praying the passage of an act
granting soldiers, sailors, and marines who
served m the war of the rebellion a bounty of
$8 33Jper month, deducting bounties already
paid; wiiich was referred to the Committee on
Mil nary Affaii'3.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Illinois, praying (lie retention of the existing
tariff on articles successfully produced in the
United States ; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Illinois, praying the remittance of duties and
taxes on materials entering into the construc-
tion of buildings in thecity of Chicago ; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a resolution of the Board
of Commerce, of Chicago, lllinois, praying the
remittance of the duty and tax on all mate-
rial entering into the construction of build-
ings in that city; which was ordered to- He on
the table.
Mr. LOGAN. I present a petition, or I
should say a letter, of Philip A. Hoyne. It is
not addressed to me as a petition, but I ask
that it be made a petition and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary; and I desire to
make ashortstateinent in inference to it. Mr.
Hoyne is the United States commissioner for
the northern district of Illinois, and his claim
for fees against the Government for duties per-
formed by him, as proven by the judge of the
court, Judge Blodgett, and other witnesses by
affidavits, was presented to the Auditor here
for settlement. I have the reply of the
Auditor, which I desire to read, so that the
Senate may hear it:
"Sift: Your account for foes from 1st July to 7th
October, 'estimated.' is herewith returned to you
disallowed. You should give uotonly the case, but
the items in each ease. This you cannot do. your
books and papers having been destroyed by the
'great fire."'
This is the kind of answer that ho got.
I move that this communication be made a
petition and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of
Nicholas White, of Washington city, District
of Columbia, for compensation for losses sus-
tained by him in consequence of the occupa-
tion, use, and partial destruction of certain
property owned by him at Newport News, Vir-
ginia, during the rebellion, by the military
authorities of the United States ; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
PAPKRS WITHDRAWS ANO REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. CARPENTER, it was
Ordered, That D. V. Cole-Inzer have leave to with-
draw from the files of the Senate his memorial and
papers.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Etham ll'ty Clarke
and Samuel W. Clarke be taken from the files of the
Senate and referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
CHICAGO ¥IRE. ' - ■
Mr. WEIGHT. Jt will be remembered that
last week the Committee on Finance reported
back the bill (S. No. 830) to provide for the
relief of sufferei's by tire at Chicago, recom-
mending that it pass with an nmindrPent
striking out the second section. The bill was
recommitted to the committee, the report
being made at that time for the purpose of
giving to the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Looan"]
an opportunity to be heard on the general
question. I am instructed this morning to
report the bill, recommending its passage with
two or three amendments, the amendments
relating to the second section of the bill. The
first section of the bill, it will be remembered,
relates to the introduction, free of duty, of
articles that are intended as gifts to the suffer-
ers by the Chicago fire. The second section
provides for a drawback on all materials to be
actually used in buildings. The recommend-
ation of the committee, is that the bill pass
with these amendments: in line three, after
the word " materials," to insert the word
"imported," and after the words "to be," to
insert'the word "and;" so that it will read,
"on all materials imported to be and actually
used in buildings." In the sixth line of the
same section the committee propose to insert
tiie words "andused" after tlie word "im-
ported," and then at the end of the section to
strike out tlie words " said 9th day of October,
1871," and insert "after the passage of this
act.;" so that the proviso will read:
Pru-idrd, That said.materials shall havo been
imported and used during the term of one year from
and after tho passage of this act.
The committee instruct me to report the
bill back and ask that it be passed with those
amendments. 1 am also instructed to ask that
the iiill be considered at this time. I under-
stand that tho Senators from Illinois desire
its present consideration. Having made this
recommendation, and reported the bill back
and asked its present consideration, the bill
hill is now passed to their charge.
Mr. LOGAN. If the Senate are dispose'd
to consider the bill at this time, T ask that it
be laid aside and the bill from the House be
taken up in order that I may offer the Senate
bill as reported from the Committee on Finance
as a substitute for tho House b>I!, so that when
it goes back to the House the question will be
merely on concurrence. I ask that that course
be pursued.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of this bill
reported by the Committee on Finance? The
Chair hears none.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Mr.President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. DoestheSenator
from Kentucky object to the present consider-
ation of the bill?
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I wish to inquire
of the honorable Senator from Illinois about
what length of time this business will probablv
consume?
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. It will be term-
inated at one o clock, if not sooner concluded
by the unfinished business coming up.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Very well.
Tim "V ICE .PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection tho request of the Senator from
Illinois wiil be regarded as acceded to, and the
House bdl taken up, and these amendments
proposed by the Committee on Finance be con-
sidered as pending to tbe House bill.
Mi'. LOGAN. The Senate bill and, the
amendments, as a substitute for the House
bill.
The VICE-PRESIDENT. Then the bill
(II. R. No. Ou-j) for the relief of sufferers by
fire at Chicago is before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole, and the Senator from 1
Illinois now moves that the Senate bill No.
330, as reported by the'Commitlee on Finance,
be substituted for the House bill. The Sec-
retary will first report the House bill and tlien
the substitute.
Mr. POME ROY. ' I think it is only neces-
sary to read the substitute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. , The_ substitute
then only will be reported to save time, if no
Senator calls for the reading of the House bill.
Mr. CAMERON. I should like to hear the
whole bill read.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. The original
bill?
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, sir ; it is a very
important bill, and I do not want it to pass
without being thoroughly understood.
The VICE PRESIDENT. t The Secretary
will first report the original bill.
The bill (H. R. No. 555) for the relief of
sufferers by lire at Cbicagq was read.
The amendment was read, being, to strike
out all after the enacting clause and in lieu
thereof to insert:
That all goods, wares, and merchandise which
may be sent from places without the limits of tho
United States as gratuitous contributions to tho
relief of sufferers by the tire which occurred at
Chicago, Illinois. October 8 and 9,1371, shall, when
imported and consigned to the proper authority at
Chicago for distribution, bo admitted tree of duty.
Sec. 2. That there shall be allowed and paid, under
such regulations as the Secretary of tho Treasury
shall prcserible, on all materials imported to be and
actually used in buildings crccted on tho ground
burned oyer by said fire, a drawback of the import
duties paid on the same : Provided, That said mate-
rials shall havo been imported and used during the
term of one year from and after the passage of this
act.
Sec. 3. That the. Commissioner of Internal Ilev-
cnue is herebj authorized to suspend the collection
of such taxes as may have been assessed, or as may
have .accrued, prior to the 9th of October, 1871, in
the first collection district of the State of Illinois,
against any person residing or doing business and
owning property in thatportion of the eity of Chi-
cago recently destroyed by-fire; and wtr«, in the
opinion of said Commissioner, has suffered material
loss by such ftro'- Provided, That such suspension
shall not be continued after the close of the next
regular session of Congress.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont I rather feel
it tny duty to offer the following amendment:
In lino three, section two. after the word "im-
ported," to insert the words "herein enumerated,"
and after the word "same," in line five, to insert,
namely, timber rough-hewed or sawed; boards
in the rough;'lath, clapboards, shingles, cut nails,
iron specially made and fitted for the construction
of buildings, slate, brick, building-stone, lime,
cement."
The purpose of the amendment will be ob-
vious to the Senate, and that is that the bill
shall affoi d in all substantial respects the aid
intended by the bill as it came from the House ;
but if it shall pass in the general terms in which
it was submitted, there are numberless ai tides
that might be imported which would cause the
custom-house a vast amount of labor, and yet,
would be of no considerable benefit to any
parties whatever. For instance, if the hill
shall pass as it came from the House all the
smallest materials in the way of hardware
might beiLtroducedforthe purpose indicated :
paints, every article like oil and lead, and the
various articles that are used for drying pur-
poses. It strikes me that if the substantial
articlesupon which more competition is desired
are enumerated, the bill should be acceptable
to the Senators from Illinois.
Mr. LOGAN. I merely wish to call the
attention of the Senate to a fact or two. This .
bill is a verbatim copy, except as to dates and
name, ot the bills that were passed in 18GG for
the relief of the citizens of Portland, Maine.
I drew the bill as a copy from two bills passed
in I860, one for the remission of-duties on
building-materials, and the other giving the
Commissioner of Internal Revenu.e tbe right
to suspend for one year the collection of that
revenue in that district where the evidence
proved to him that it was proper to be done.
A. word, now, in answer to what has been
said by the Senator from Vermont. The hill
has been changed by the amendment of th«i
