3170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
become homestead settlers; and by striking
out the assignment clause it exhibits the sin-
gular spectacle of a great and wealthy nation
offering to the widows and orphans of soldiers
who fell in defense of the Union one hundred
and sixty acres of land in the far West, pro-
vided they will abandon all advantages for edu-
cation, and all the ties of home and kindred
left to them, and actually settle, and probably
starve, upon the niggardly gift. The pending
bill supplies the defect and makes the benefits
conferred uniform and equal. Anything short
of this is unjust to the soldiers and unworthy
of the Government.
I now call the previous question.
Mr. McCOllMICK, of Missouri. Ihopethe
gentleman will allow some time for discussion
011 this bill.
The House divided on seconding the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. STOUGHTON. As there seems to be
a general desire for some discussion of this
bill, I will withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question, and yield for five minutes to
the gentleman from Minnesota.
Mr. DUNNELL. Mr. Speaker, it may be
an ungracious thing to oppose the passage of
this bill; but yet a sense of duty compels me
to do so. We have heard more than one appeal
during this session of Congress about reserv-
ing the public domain for actual settlers. We
passed a bill a few days ago giving to every
soldier who really desires a home, who desires
a farm in the West, to go out and settle on it
and become the owner of one hundred and
sixty acres. It was a just act to the soldiers
who went out and fought ill defense of the
country. 1 am happy to sny under that bill
already colonies are being formed in New
England. Only one week ago a hundred sol-
diers left Boston for the western States under
this act.' We ought to let that present, act
alone. It was in the interest really of the
men who wished to settle on the public lands
of the country. If we pass this bill we will
deprive these men who want homos in the
West of all opportunities to get them. If wo
give a land warrant to every soldier who served
in the Army of the United States, you will
soon have not an acre of land open for those
who desire to enter upon a quarter section.
We do vast injustice to these new States of the
Wost. In thirty days alter these land warrants
are issued there will not he a solitary quarter
section lel't, and entire counties in the West
will bo assigned to silence and non-develop-
ment for years by those land warrants being
held by speculators.
Mr. COBUKN. Does the gentleman un-
derstand anything liko that will be the effect
of this bill?
Mr. L> UN NELL. I understand that is to
be its operation. I wish gentlemen to remem-
ber even under the preemption laws whole
counties are held iu my district to-day by men
who never saw the laud and never expect to
see it.
Mr. COBURN. But that has nothing to do
•with this bill.
Mr. DUNNELL. The whole theory of giv-
ing public land except on personal settlement
is all false and wrong, and unjust to these new
States.
Mr. Speaker, I am willing to do justice to
the soldiers. My voice shall never be heard
against the soldier. We have put into the
Military Committee petitions signed by more
than two thousand uames not asking for this
bill, not one of them. Not a soldier from my
district asks for this bill; but they do for the
other one before the committee. They ask
for equalization of bounties. Do not give the
soldiers a stone, but give them bread. If they
are entitled to equalization of bounties, give it
to them in hard cash, and then we will reserve
our public lands for settlement. I hope the
time Las come when we will take care of the
public lands, reserving them to the actual set-
tler. The day is past when land-sharks should
traffic in the public lands. There is an organ-
ization in my State who smell out land as by
instinct. They formed a company after this
bill was brought in to get hold of all these
lands from the unfortunate soldiers. If we
grant land warrants they will be sold, and hun-
dreds of thousands never will get but a nom-
inal price for them. Give them money, give
them bread, and do not give them a stone.
I respect the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
Stoughton,] who reported this bill. He is
all atire with reverence and respect for the
soldier, but let us take care that the soldier
gets some substantial good.
Mr. HAW LEY. I hope the gentleman from
Michigan will yield to me for five minutes.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I will yield first for
five minutes to the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Platt.]
Mr. PLATT. I think, Mr. Speaker, that
this House is laboring under a misapprehen-
sion in regard to the intentions and effect of
this bill reported by the gentleman from Mich-
igan, [Mr. Stougiiton.] It simply makes it
possible for soldiers who cannot go themselves
to settle on these lands of the Government, and
take advantage in their own persons of the
privileges of the homestead act, to assign to
actual settlers that right which the previous
bill has given them. In other words, the pre-
vious bill gives to every man who served in
the Army and Navy of the United States and
has been honorably discharged credit for the
length of time he has served in the Army or
iu the Navy in the settlement be makes under
the homestead laws of the country. If he
serves three years, he has to live only two
years on those lands before be gets his title.
But as the law stands now its privileges are
not worth one cent to ninety per cent, of the
men who served in the Army and Navy of the
United States during the last war, because
they cannot iu their own persons take advan-
tage of the privilege.
This hill provides that when a soldier has
died his widow or children may assign his title
to an actual settler, who will have m his own
person to comply with every requirement of
the homestead act which is now required of
the soldiers who go upon these lands in per-
son to become settlers. Now, I am unable to
see how the land-sharks whom the gentleman
from Minnesota [Mr. Dunnkll] tells us about
are to get any advantage from this bill. I do not
see how under its provisions thev are to take
up whole counties and turn theiu into deserts
for a long series of years ; for under this bill
if a man to whom the right is sold by the sol-
dier does not become an actual settler within
twelve months, docs not settle on the laud
and comply with all the requirements of the
homestead act, the privilege lapses and is
worth nothing, and the land reverts to the
Government of the United States.
Tiiia is the only proposition which has been
before this Congress, or which has been before
the Congress of the United States since the
war, which looks to equalizing bounties in any
way. This does it, in a measure, in providing
that the man who served three years shall have
a greater privilege than the one who has served
only three months; and that the man who has
served in the Army and been honorably dis-
charged shall have a privilege valuable in
accordance with the term he has served. It
enables the soldier who cannot himself settle
on the public domain to have the full advan-
tage the Government has given him. It does
not place in his hands au assignable warrant
to be hawked about the streets and sold to
speculators.
It appears to me that it is a beneficent act,
which is no more than the due of the soldiers
and sailors of this country.
1 have presented here petitions, which have
been referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, ef soldiers and sailors who were hon-
orably discharged, asking for this very provis-
ion ; the very provision that can make this
homestead law of any avail to ninety per cent,
of the soldiers. They do ask for it. What-
ever expectation they may have had of getting '
a money bounty, they have abandoned it in
despair; at least most of them have done so.
They do not believe that the time will ever
come when a Congress of the United States
will vote the enormous sum of money neces-
sary to equalize bounties. I feel assured, how-
ever, that tbey will be in a measure satisfied
with this bill, and I hope that the members of
this House who are called upon to act on it
to-night will carefully consider it, and that*'
they will grant this measure of justice which
is asked for by the men who served in our
Army and Navy during the war.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I yield five minutes
to the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. McCor-
mick.]
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I do not
believe, Mr. Speaker, that there has been a
bill introduced into the Congress of the Uni-
ted States for many years that has exercised
so wide an influence upon the public domain
of the country as this bill, if it goes into oper-
ation, will do. It will result in the greatest
land monopolies, I predict, that have ever
existed in this country. Under the fourth
section of this bill every soldier who is now
upon the pension-rolls of the country will be
entitled to locate one hundred and sixty acres
of land by his agent. His agent is the person
who will purchase from him his certificate.
And in this way these soldiers, who are now
pensioners upon the Government of the Uni-
ted States, will in hundreds of cases part with
their land certificates for a mere trifle. Those
certificates will go into the hands of speculat-
ors, who will plaster the whole western country
over with more than two hundred thousand cer-
tificates, for one hundred and sixty acres each,
of disabled soldiers who are entitled to the
land under this bill, while the soldier himself
will receive little or no substantial benefit
from tins gratuity of the Government.
Under existing laws every citizen of these
United States is now entitled to select for
himself a homestead and to enjoy and live
upon that homestead without money and with-
out price. The object of the homestead laws
of the country is to secure a home for every
man in this broad land. But under this ar-
rangement these certificates will go into the
hands of speculators and hucksters. I hope
this bill will not become a law. I think it is
mischievous, and will be without benefit to
the soldiers. In many instances it will not be
of the value of ten dollars to the soldier who
will be defrauded and cheated out of thia
bounty, the full benefit of which will goto the
relentless speculators and monopolists, who
will tic up the public lands so that they cannot
be enjoyed and occupied by those wishing to
make actual settlements thereon.
Mr. PLATT. Will the gentleman state
llpw that will be?
Mr. McCOltMICK, of Missouri. Under
these very certificates every soldier of this
country has a year in which to locate his claim
on the public domain. At least eight hundred
thousand men will be entitled to one hundred
and sixty acres of land each, and they have
now the right to go upon the public domain
and for a year hold in abeyance the whole
amount of land they can claim under this pro-
vision.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New Yerk. If the
gentleman will allow me to interrupt him, I
will say that instead of eight hundred thou-
sand soldiers there will be two and a half mil-
lions, for there were three million soldiers
enlisted in the service.
Mr. McOOliMlCK, of Missouri. I was very
sure when I named the sum of eight hundred
thousand that I was far below the correct num-
ber. When the war ended we had in the Army
