4066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
ment that the Senator from Florida, not now
here, [Mr. Gilbert,] desired me to present.
It is to insert on page 25, Section five, after
line two hundred and ninety-three—
Fruit plants, tropical and semi-tropical, for the
purpose of propagation and cultivation.
I see no objection to it, and if the Senate
does not, I ask to have it adopted. It is
merely to allow them to be put on the free
list.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tlie Chief Clerk. The next reserved
amendment is on page 32 
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Before reach-
ing that, I gave notice of an amendment to the
free list which I should like to have acted
upon.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not in order now.
The amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole must first be acted upon.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I gave notice of an
amendment on page 27, which I should like to
have considered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The Senator proposes
an original amendment. The amendments
that were adopted in Committee of the Whole
are first in order, and after those have been
disposed of, then it will be proper to offer
other amendments.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I reserved an amend-
ment on page 20, lines three hundred and six-
teen, three hundred and seventeen, three hun-
dred and eighteen, and three hundred and
nineteen, in regard to hides.
Mr. SHERMAN. I remember that the
Senator did ask to have that question re-
served.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole
are first in order. After those have been dis-
posed of, then it will be in order for the Sena-
tor to offer his amendment to strike out those
lines.
The Chief Clerk. The next reserved
amendment is on page 33, section [nine] ten.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, in
the fifth line of that section struck out the
words "wooden sailing" before the word
ii ye8selg M
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion, and declared that the amendment was
concurred in.
The Chief Clerk. In the same section, in
line fourteen, the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole, struck out the word "two" and
inserted the word "three" before the word
" months."
Mr. SCOTT. Before that last amendment
is passed striking out the words " wooden sail-
ing," it brings up possibly the whole question
that will be involved in that section. The
striking out of the words " wooden sailing"
makes the section apply to all vessels, and it
admits free of duty all lumber, timber, hemp,
manila, iron and steel not advanced beyond
rods, bars, and bolts, copper, and composition
metal which may be necessary for the con-
struction and equipment of all vessels built
in the United States. I wish the attention of
the Senate to be drawn to this fact before any
of the amendments in this section are con-
curred in. It is probable the Senate may take
the view that if the section itself is to be con-
curred in, the admission of these articles shall
apply to all vessels, and not simply wooden
sailing vessels. That is the amendment as it
now stands; but I give notice before any of
the amendments are concurred in I propose
to offer an amendment to this section, taken
from a bill already reported by the Committee
on Commerce, which, if anything is to be
adopted on this subject, I think is a better
amendment, striking out the third and fourth
sections that were reported, than this one, and
1 should like to test the sense of the Senate
on that question before these amendments s^re
concurred in, if I can.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will regard the question as not having been put
on striking out the words "wooden sailing,"
in line five.
Mr. SCOTT. I move, then, for the purpose
of testing the sense of the Senate on that ques-
tion, to add to this section as it stands, before
any other amendment is offered, the following
proviso :
Provided, That where American material is used
in the construction of such vessels, there shall be
allowed and paid as aforesaid anamountequivalent
to the duties imposed on similarinaterials and arti-
cles of foreign manufacture when imported.
I send the amendment to the Secretary, to
come in at the close of the section.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not think it material
whether the Senator offers his amendment now
or after the Senate shall have expressed its
opinion upon the amendment, reported by the
committee ; but certainly his amendment is
not in order now, unless it be to amend some
one of the amendments of the committee, and
he does not propose to do that, but proposes
to add words at the end of the section, leaving
unacted upon the amendments reported by the
committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. One of them
has been acted upon already.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Chair said he would
cousider it as not acted upon. I do not for
the life of me see how it will affect the Sen-
ator's amendment if we shall act first on the
amendments reported by the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall insist on that.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 understand the chairman
to say that he will insist upon that. Then
that brings us back to the amendments of the
committee first.
Mr. SCOTT. Very well; if that point of
order is made, I only wish to call the attention
of the Senate to the fact that this first amend-
ment involves to a considerable extent the
whole question in the section; and if I am in
order at this time, I will ask for a vote on that
first amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment in line five, striking
out the words " wooden sailing."
Mr. THURMAN. I must say that I feel
some surprise that ihe great question of what
is best to be done to restore America to the
preeminence—I think I am not mistaken in
saying the preeminence—tbat she had in ship-
building should now be belore the Senate in a
discussion limited to five minutes upon each
amendment. This section No. 9, now No. 10,
undertakes to solve that question. Various
propositions have been made to restore our
ship building; and there is no man who has
an American heart in his bosom but desires
that that shall be restored. This section pro-
poses to solve that difficulty by adopting a
particular mode, the mode of free materials
for ship-building, free from any duty what-
ever. The amendment offered by the Senator
from Pennsylvania is only in the same line,
that where American materials are used there
shall be a drawback, or what is equivalent
to a drawback, to the same extent. It
strikes me as very singular indeed that so
great a question as this should be in the bill
and under a five-minutes debate. I can only
do as I have done heretofore: where I am not
quite certain the committee has erred, I can
only follow the advice of our committee ; but
I must protest that this is a most extraor-
dinary mode of legislating upon so great a
subject. I will say, however, 1 am inclined
to believe with the committee that this section
which comes to us from the House is really
the most feasible, the most practicable, and
the most efficient mode by which you can give
to American ship-builders that preeminence
which they once enjoyed.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the Clerk to read
a bill which has been prepared by the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and which I propose to
offer as a substitute for this tenth section. I
wish to have it read for the information of the
Senate in their action on this amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
A bill to promote the ship-building and commercial
interests of the United States.
Be it enacted, <frc., That upon all imported lumber,
timber, hemp, manila, composition inetal, and upon
iron rods, bars, and bolts, and other articles entering
into the construction of vessels,which may be used and
wrought up in the construction of steam or sail ves-
sels built in the United States, whether iron, wooden,
or composite vessels, to be used in trade between the
United States and foreign countries exclusively,
whether for the hull, rigging, equipment, or ma-
chinery of such vessels, including such portions as
may be prepared in sections, there shall be allowed
and paid by the Secretary of the Treasury, under
such regulations as he may prescribe, a drawback
equal to the duties which may have been paid on
such material: Provided, That where American
material is used in the construction of such vessels,
there shall be allowed and paid as alorcsuid an
amount equivalent to the duties imposed on similar
material and articles of foreign manufacture when
imported.
Sec. 2. That the vessels mentioned in the first sec-
tion of this act shall be built and constructed for
bona fide American owners, and shall be registered
as American vessels by such owners.
Skc. 3. That American vessels which have been
registered in foreign countries since the 1st day of
January, 1801, may, within two years trom the pas-
sage of this act, be registered as American vessels,
under such regulations as the Secretary ol the Treas-
ury may prescribe.
Sec. 4. That foreign-built iron ships of not less
than two thousand tons, when owned by citizens of
the United States, may bo registered in this coun-
try for foreign trade, under such rules and regula-
tions as the Secretary of the Treasury may pre-
scribe: Provided, That such registry shall be made
within three years from the passage of this act.
Sec. 5. That all ship stores and coal, to be used
and consumed by any vessel owned by citizens of
the United States, and engaged exclusively in trade
between the United States and foreign countries, on
its voyage from any port of the United States to
any foreign port, may, in such quantity and under
such regulations as the Secretary ol the Treasury
may prescribe, be taken in whole packages in bond
and disposed of for such purposes, tree of import
and internal duty a.nd tax.
Sec. 6. That whenever in time of war, or threat-
ened invasion, the President of the United States
shall deem it necessary that any vessel hereinbefore
mentioned shall be used in the naval servioe of the
United States, the Secretary of the Navy shall ap-
point an appraiser and request the owner or owners
to appoint another appraiser, who shall examine
said vessel and report her actual worth at the time ;
and if such appraisers shall agree as to the value of
the vessel, their report shall be final, but in case they
disagree, they may select an umpire, and in case of
failure to agree or appoint an umpire within a rea-
sonable time, the President ol the United States may
appoint said umpire, and in either ease the decision
ot the umpire shall be final; and in case the owner
or owners of such vessel, being duly requested to
appoint an appraiser, shall tail to do so within a
reasonable time, the President of the United States
may appoint one or more appraisers, whose decision
as to the value of said vessel shall be final; and the
United States shall then become the sole and abso-
lute owner of said vessel, and may take immediate
possession thereof upon payment of the appraised
value. Said payment shall be made upon the certifi-
cate of the Secretary of the Navy, and an order of
the President, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, but possession shall not be
taken of such vessel, nor shall any payment be made
therefor until said vessel shall have be"U carefully
inspected by a board of inspectors, which shall be
appointed by the Secretary of the Navy, and .-hall
consist of a line officer in the Navy not below the
rank of commander, a naval contractor, and a chief
engineer, and shall have been reported by said board
of inspectors to be a suitable vessel for the naval
service of the United States, and fully worthforsaid
service the value named by the appraisers.
Sec. 7. That it shall not be lawful lor any vessel
constructed under the first section of this act to
engage in the coasting trade of the United States, or
otherwise than in the foreign trade, excepting upon
the payment into the Treasury of the United States
of the amountof drawback or duty allowed in the
construction of any such vessel under said section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment in
line five.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not desire
to make more than a single observation upon
this precise amendment, and that is to say
that it does not involve the merits of the gen-
eral proposition in regard to rendering aid to
ship-building. It presents this precise ques-
tion : whether you will extend the aid to all
classes of ships ? As it stood in the text of
the bill as it came from the House, the aid
proposed was to wooden sailing vessels. As
