2274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
place where the banquet was said to liave been held,
and it further appeared that no such banquet was
ever held.
No doubt Dr. Houard would have been released
from prison, instead of undergoing the form of trial
by court-martial, in December, 1871, but for the fact
that he was an American, and had claimed protec-
tion as such from the time of his first arrest. In
consequence of this claim, it was supposed necessary
to have the form of an adjudication to the effect that
he was guilty, and was not entitled to claim to be an
American citizen, in order to prevent his prosecut-
ing a claim for damages for fa lse imprisonment be-
fore the joint commission at Washington. Hence
Dr. Houard was tried, or something of the form of a
trial was had; four yvitnesses were examined, whose
testimony was well known to be unworthyofcredit;
three were of notoriously bad character, the only
one having any pretense to ehaiacter being Manuel
Ma. Capote, who, since his escape from Cuba, has
made a formal affidavit, which has been furnished
to the State Department, to the effect that he was
compelled to testify as he did under the fear of loss
of life if he refused, and that his testimony was all
false. This may be called "an ex parte declaration
of an untrustworthy witness," still it is the declara-
tion of the principal witness on whose testimony
Dr. Houard was sentenced to eight years hard labor
in the cbain-gang and the confiscation oi all his
property; a sentence worse than mere death, being,
in the case of such an old man. entirely equivalent,
if carried out, to death by slow twifjie.
The Spanish authorities have up to this time re-
fused to furnish copies of the proceedings of the
court-martial. When furnished, they will be such
as they consider most suitable to their purpose. No
one who knows anything of the proceedings of
Cuban authorities and court-martial will consider
this an unwarranted statement; those who have no
special knowledge on tliesubjeot have only to leqall
the public occurrences at Habana, not far from the
same date of this court-martial, where a number of
children were accused of violating the grave of a
volunteer by breaking the monument or tomb. The
unbroken monument and uninjured grave remain-
ing conclusive proof that none of them were guilty
of what had in fact never taken place, and that at
most the children had committed a fault deserving
reprimand ; yet a court-martial composed of the
highest military officers, held the same evening that
the charge was made, aotiug under the pressure of
the threat of personal violence, determined to mur-
der several of the children that very night, under
the form of judicial execution, and selected by lot
the victims against whom a judgment should be first
rendered as part of the lorrnal justification of the
murder.
Must a native-born American citizen, of whose
nationality there is not a particle of doubt, based
on any truthful testimony, or on any testimony not
K coming from Spanish officials, suffer worse than
death because of the decree ot such a court-martial ?
JOHN G. HOUARD. M.D.,
No. 402 South Broad street, Philadelphia.
Mr, RANDALL. I shall move to suspend
the rules, in order that the Committee on For-
eign Affairs may be allowed to-report at any
time on the subject embraced in the preamble
and resolution, which I ask the Clerk to read.
The Cierk read as follows:
Whereas from information now in the possession
of this Houoe, it appears that Louis Houard, the
father ot Dr. John Emilio Houard, was born in
Franco m 17lJ5, was duly naturalized, according to
law, as aeitizen ot the [JnitedStates in 1803, and con-
tinued to retide in the city ot Philadel phia until 1822.
when he, the father, went to Cuba with his family.
During his stay in .Philadelphia on the 5ch of Sep-
tember 1815, the said John iilmilio Houard was
born, and about the age of seven years was taken by
his lather to live at Cienfuegos, Cuba. While there
the said lather was engaged in what was known as
American business. He died in 1828. The son was
educated in the United States, and graduated at the
Jefferson Medical College, in said city, in the year
18-i4, alter which he returned to Cuba to practice his
profession, and was there examined and permitted
to practice medicine as a foreign physician ; was
at waysrecognized as an American citizen andalways
claimed sueii citizenship, and was given a certificate
by the Cuoan or Spanish authorities in strict accord
therewith. That in 1868 or early inl869, he, on the
breaking out of political troubles on the island,
applied to Mr. ChailesFox, then American consul at
Cienfuegos, to be en rolled,and a certificate was issued
to him by Mr. II. M. Morns; on November 2-5, 1870,
as an American citizen. Dr. Houard never did re-
nounce his nationality of birth, and never did accept
the Spanish nationality; and_ whereas it further
appears that in December, 18(0, the said Dr. Hou-
ard was ai rested, and, alter a year's confinement in
a prison, was tried and convicted of giving aid and
comiort to the so-called in-urgent cause on said
island against the Spanish authorities; that he
was tried by a military court-martial and found
guilty, on testimony smce fully acknowledged to
have been untrue, and the evidence of a Willi ul and
designedly perjured man. He was then sentenced
to transportation to a Spanish penal colony on the
west coast of Africa for a term of eight yeais, and
all his pioperty confiscated. It furtherappears that
since his arrest and imprisonment, the treatment he
has been subjected to was brutal and cruel, and in
violation ot the modes ot modern warfare as now
recoguiztd by all civilized Governments ; Therefore,
Beit resohxd. That in theiudgmentotthisHou.se
the said John, Emilia Houardwas and is a citizen of
the United States by birth and continued and unin-
terrupted choice, and as such is entitled to all and
every protection as such from tnis Government, and,
in the opinion of this House, the President should
promptly demand his unconditional release, and the
return of his property confiscated to him as legal
owner, and further demand full reparation and apol-
ogy for such indignity and outrage committed on a
citizen of the United States by the Spanish author-
ities in Cuba.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the resolu-
tion which has been read be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, with leave to
report at any time.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the motion was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call up the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill (H. R.
No. 1935) to remove the disabilities imposed
by the fourteenth amendment to the Constitu-
tion was passed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
taxes on judges' salaries.
Mr. KERR. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, to permit the introduction and pas-
sage of a bill to provide for refunding to the
several United States judges the taxes illegally
collected upon their salaries.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury, in conformity to
the provisions of section forty-four of the aci.
of June 30, 1804, entitled "An act to provide
ways and means for the support of the Govern-
ment, and for other purposes," to cause to be
refunded to the judges of the several courts of
the United States all taxes which have been
heretofore levied and collected or retained
from them out of and 011 account of their offi
cial salaries under the provisions of the income
laws of the United States, the same having been
erroneously and illegally exacted and collected
from them.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman consent
to- the insertion of the words " and of the
several States?".
Mr. KERR. I would do so with great pleas-
ure but for the fact that all the taxes col-
lected from the State judges have already been
refunded. So have the taxes collected from
the judges of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States. Only those remain unrefunded
which have been collected from the circuit
and district judges of the United States.
Mr. VOOltHEliS. With the permission of
my colleague, [ilr. Kerr,] I desire to say that
I think he is mistaken in regard to the ques-
tion of fact. It is a question I have had pre-
sented to my mind for examination, and I
presented a bill to this House for the purpose
of refunding the taxes paid by State judges.
I had it referred to the Committee 011 the Judi-
ciaiy, which has unanimously agreed, when
it is called, to repoit it back to the House, the
bill being just such as has been indicated by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar.]
1 have no objection at all to the bill of my
colleague. I would like to have the whole
subject acted 011; if not now, when o'ur com-
mittee is eidltd.
.Mr. dCERR. This bill will not interfere at
ail with the bill proposed to be introduced by
the Committee on the Judiciary; and 1 wish
to add in relation to the taxes collected of the
State judges, that if I am mistaken in the state-
ment that they have all been refunded, I am
not mistaken 111 the statement that they are in
process of refunding, that no question is made
against the legality and propriety of refunding
them, and many of them have already been
refunded. I believe also that a law of this
kind in reference to all the judges is entirely
satisfactory to the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I would suggest to the,
gentleman from Indiana that if it is the case,
as he states, that these taxes have been re-
funded to the State judges, the question has
been reconsidered.
Mr. ARCHER. These taxes have been
refunded to the judges of my own State within
the last two weeks.
Mr. DAWES. I think my friend from Indi-
ana should let this bill go to the Committee
on the Judiciary with the other^ matter, and
let them consider it and have it all in one
measure. It is a little dangerous introducing
bills of this sort and passing them under the
previous question.
Mr. KERR. I should have no objection to
its reference to the Committee on the Judiciary
if that committee can have leave to report it at
any time.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the bill will be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary with that understanding. The
Chair hears no objection, and the bill (II. R.
No. 2248) is referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, with the right to report it back at
any time.
international congress.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and agreed to :
Revolved, That when the sundry civil appropria-
tion bill is under consideration in Committee of the
Whole it shall be in order to entertain an amend-
ment providing for the expenses of the United States
commissioners to the international congress on the
prevention and repression of crime, to be held in
London, beginning July 3, 1872.
atchison, topbka, and santa fe railroad.
Mr. TWICHELL. The Committee on the
Public Lands failed to report iu favor of a
bill extending the time for the completion of
the Atchison, Topeka, and Santa Fe railway
on Wednesday last for want of time. I move
that the committee be authorized to report
that bill on Wednesday of next week, at two
o'clock p. m.
Mr. STEVENSON. I must object to that.
Mr. TWICHELL. I move to suspend the
rules so as to authorize the committee to
report the bill at that time.
The question was put; and there were—
ayes 84, noes 39.
Mr. HOLMA.N, As this bill involves a vir-
tual grant of some two million acres of land,
I ask for the yeas and nays upon suspending
the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 83, nays 63, not voting 94 ; as follows :
TEAS — Messrs. Ames, Averill, Banks. Bar-
ber, Barry. Bcveridge, Bigby, George M. Brooks,
Buckley, Butfinton, Benjamin P.Butler, Roderick
R. Butler, Caldwell, Conger, Cotton. i)avre*. Do
Large, Donnan, Box, Bunnell, Earner, Farweil,
Frye, Hale, Harper, George K. Harris, Hawley,
Gerry Wv Hazelton. John W. Hazelton, Houghton,
Kelley, Ketcham, King, Lamport, Leach, Lowe,
Maynard, MeCormick, McCrary, McIIenry, McJun-
kin, Mcrcur, Merriam, Merrick, Moors, Morev,
Morphis, Palmer, Hosea W. Parker, Isaac C. Par-
ker, Peck, Pendleton, Peters, Piatt, Poland, Porter
Rainey, Rogers, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Sheldon,
Sherwood, Shoemaker, Slater, Worthington C.Smith,
Snapp, Snyder, Thomas J. Speer, Starkweather,
Stoughton, Stowell, Swann, Taffe, Thomas, Wash-
ington Townsend, Twichell, Wakeraan, Walden,
Waldron, Wallace, Warren, and WelH—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer. Arthur
Beatty, Bell, Bingham, Bird, Braxton, Burchard,
Coghlan. Conner, Cox, D.wis, Duke, Fmkduburg,
Lorker, Henry D. Foster, Wilder D. Fnner. G<>Hn-
day, Griffith, Haldeman. Handley, Hank^. John T.
Harris., Hay, Herndon, llibbard, Hoiman. Kendall,
Kerr, Lamison, Lewis. Manton, McCielland ml-
Intyre, Merely, Benjamin F. Meyer.-, Mitchell,
Morgan, Randall, Read, Edward Y. Itiee, John M.
Rice, Lihs H. Roberts. Shanks, Shober, H. Board-
man Smith, John A. Smith, Spragrue, Stevenson,
fetrong, lorry, lyner. Upson, Van Trump, Voor-
hees, Whitthorne, Wjllard, Williams of Indiana,
j0xVR^Ov,V^\^inch(:Ster' ai-d Young— 03
t> a OlfjNG—Messrs. Ambler, Barnum, Beck,
Biggs, Austin Blair, Jame^ G. Blair. Boles, Blight,
James Brooks, Burdett, Campbell, Carroll, William
1. Mark, i roe man Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Uounngo,
Crebs, Creely, Critcher, Crocker, Cropland Darrall,
Bickey, Bu Lose, XMeli, Eidmlge; Elliott, Ely,
i-'arnsworth, Charles Foster, GartlelU, Garrett, Gel/,
Goodrich, Halsey, Hambleton, ilaiicook, liarmer,
