1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4067
it now stands it would include all classes of
vessels; so that the precise question is this:
if you do anything for the shipping interest,
will you do it to a class or will you do it to the
whole? Will you extend it to sailing ships,
to iron ships, and composite ships, and also to
steamships, wooden ships, and iron, steam-
ships? That is the precise question, and
nothing more. I do not care to enter upon
the general proposition.
Mr. CHANDLER. It will be noticed that
the bill just read, coming from the Committee
on Commerce, covers the whole ground. I
think it is a much better bill than this tenth
section would provide. I therefore move to
substitute Senate bill No. 914 for section ten.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is not iu order now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The motion
of the Senator from Michigan is not now in
order. The question is on concurring in the
amendment in line five striking out the words
" wooden sailing."
Mr. CORBET!. I hope those words will be
stricken out.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to give notice
that before the final vote is taken on this sec-
tion I shall move to perfect it by striking out
the clause in lines six, seven, and eight, " in-
cluding the trade between the Atlantic and
Pacific ports of the United States."
The Chief Clerk read the next reserved
amendment, which was in section [nine] ten,
line fourteen, to strike out " two" and insert
" threeso that the clause will read:
Promoted, That vessels receiving the benefit of
this section shall not bo allowed to engage in the
coastwise trade of the United States more than
three months in any one year, except upon the pay-
ment to the United States oi the duties on which a
rebate is herein allowed.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next reserved amendment was in sec-
tion [nine] ten, line sixteen, after the word
"allowed," to strike out the following pro-
viso :
And provided further, That the provisions of this
section shall apply to the materials above enumer-
ated which shall be used in the construction and
equipment of steamboats engaged m navigating
the navigable waters of the United States.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next reserved amendment was in sec-
tion [nine] ten, line twenty-two, to strike out
the words "ship stores or," and in the same
line to strike out, the word "sail" before
"vessels;" so that the proviso will read:
And provided further, That all articles of foreign
production needed for the repair of American ves-
sels engaged exclusively in loreign trade may be
withdrawn from bunded warehouses free of duty,
under such regulations as the Secretary of the
Treasury may prescribe.
Mr. CORBETl1. I hope those words will
not be stricken out. It is very important that
vessels engaged in the foreign trade shall be
allowed the benefit of securing ship stores free
of duty, provided we expect them to compete
with foreign vessels. We know that all for-
eign vessels obtain their stores abroad free of
duty. It is the custom and the law, I believe,
of all foreign Governments now engaged in
commerce to allow their vessels employed in
foreign trade to obtain their ship stores and
ship supplies free—not only the cordage and
the sails that are necessary for the ship, but also
the supplies of the vessel. It is necessary, if
we desire to compete with them, that our ships
should be allowed to furnish their passengers
with all the necessary stores as low as tln>y can
be purchased on board an English or German
vessel. If travelers using wines, cigars, and
a great many luxuries on board of a vessel,
have to pay d'ouble price for those articles on
an American vessel, of course they will go on
board an English or German vessel. That is
one reason why the Committee on Commerce
reported in their bill a provision covering this
entire ground. 1 hope, therefore, that the
words "ship stores" will not be stricken out
of this section, so that if we fail to get the
other bill this provision will still remain in
this bill.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on concurring in the amendment, and
declared that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think Senators do not
appreciate the importance of the question
involved. I will state that the words " ship
stores" were stricken out after full considera-
tion, and for very important reasons. I will
read the clause:
And provided further. That all articles of foreign
production needed for ship stores, or the repair of
American sail vessels engaged exclusively in for-
eign trade, may bo withdrawn from bonded ware-
houses free of duty, under such regulations as the
Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe.
That is, one of these vessels may take on
board ship stores from bonded warehouses
free of duty. What are ship stores? When
we come to look at a mercantile dictionary
we find that ship stores mean anything neces-
sary for supplying the ship and running the
ship. They mean cigars, whisky, liquors, a
thousand things that are subject to tax. Im-
ported cigars from Havana may be taken out
of bond under this provision on shipboard,
and there may be dropped and get back again
into domestic use ; and so with whisky and a
thousand things subject to taxation.
I have no time in five minutes to go into any
detail on the question, but 1 will say the com-
mittee were very decided and firm in the con-
viction that in this experiment we ought not
to endanger the revenue, we ought not to
tempt the officers and men on board these
vessels to impair the revenue and to introduce
on board articles subject to domestic taxation.
It would be very dangerous to do so. There
is no difficulty at all in the vessels, with all the
protection that is given them, conducting their
business without having this privilege. It
■would be opening a wide door to fraud. It
would allow them to take on board almost
every article that can be conceived. A ship
is a little town. Everything that enters into
consumption is covered by the words "ship
stores." It would allow them to take foreign
sails, foreign canvas, foreign bagging, foreign
supplies, loreign goods, foreign cloth, every
article of consumption, every article used by
a sailor, every article that could be worn. It
would open a widedoor for fraud. Now, when
the bill is confined simply to the remission of
duties that enter into the construction of the
vessels or articles needed for the repair of the
vessel, they can be limited and defined bylaw
and by regulation ; but when you include ship
stores you go far beyond what is deemed safe
for the revenue. 1 cannot go into the discus-
sion of a question of this kind, especially with
the confusion that prevails here.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think the Senator from
Ohio does not comprehend precisely what
the words stricken out contemplate. Cer-
tainly, if the Senator does, I do not. They
mean this, and they mean no more: that
when an American ship is in a foreign port,
and gets a charter-party for a round trip, so
called, returns to her home, and has provis-
ions on board for the round trip, and has
consumed but half of them, when she reaches
her home port, the custom-house officer shall
not lay his hand upon the half remaining and
compel it to pay duty. The Senator from Ore-
gon stated truly that all the great maritime
Powers of the earth allow their ships abroad
to victual for their voyage. Now, we ask,
we want, and we mean no more than that.
I tell you, Mr. President, what 1 know and
what I have seen under my administration of
the law, and I was obliged to administer it so
under the instructions of the Treasury Depart-
ment. If a vessel from a foreign port entered
and had a few barrels of beef purchased for
the purpose of victualing the vessel and noth-
ing else in the world, if she had not consumed
every pound of that beef, pork, "sugar, molas-
ses, "or whatever went into the sustenance of
the crew, the ruling of the Treasury Depart-
ment made those articles dutiable, and I have
seen them jjay duty and have imposed it my-
self. Now, is it wise that we should ourselves
discriminate against our own commerce, against
the commerce of the world? I repeatthat every
commercial nation adopts this rule. It is the
English rule; it is the French rule. They allow
their vessels when abroad to purchase their
supplies 
Mr. THURMAN. Allow me to ask my
friend, does he mean to say there ever was
anybody in this country that charged a ship
with duty on stores that were laid in simply
for the use of the ship and not lauded?
Mr. HAMLIN. I do say so, and I say it
always has been the law up to this time, and a
most onerous and unjust law.
Mr. THURMAN. £ think so, too.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think my friend from
Maine must be mistaken.
Mr. SHERMAN. He is mistaken.
Mr. CASSERLY. There are one hundred
and fifteen foreign steamers plying to the port
of New York. I think every one of them
brings her ship stores and takes them away
without being subject to any impost or duty.
Mr. HAMLIN. I can only tell you what I
have seen and what I know. I cannot tell
how every collector in all the broad land may
have administered the law. The Senator is
talking about ships under a foreign flag. That
is an entirely different thing. They do not
enter into the country. They are not articles
over which we have control. They are not
brought in here. I am speaking of our own
vessels.
Mr. CASSERLY. I misunderstood the
Senator.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am speaking of our own
vessels. If there be too broad language used
here, let the Senator from Ohio, or any other
Senator, suggest that language which shall
express, if you please, in better words, what is
meant.
But the Senator says it means the cigars
the crew may smoke. Suppose it does ; would
there be any alarming depredation or diminu-
tion of the revenue by that? He says it may
mean the liquor and the wines they may drink.
Suppose it does; they are not landed in the
country. I submit to the Senator that is crit-
icising the provision in too limited and too
small a way; but yet I will agree to an
amendment that shall except the liquors and
the cigars if they are obnoxious.
Mr. SHERMAN. When the Senator is
through I will show him that he is entirely
mistaken in regard to the section. He is talk-
ing about one thing and I about another, but
I will not interrupt him.
Mr. HAMLIN. I understood the Senator
to say that these words here were stricken out
because they were too broad in their latitude
and that they would admit all these various
things. I state to the Senator precisely what
we mean. We want the substantial supplies
for these vessels.
Mr. BAYARD. If I may interrupt my
friend from Maine for a moment, would ,not
the words " entered for victualing and repair"
be better?
Mr. HAMLIN. Although the language
here is well known and well defined in com-
mercial parlance, understood by every ship-
owner and every ship's husband and every
man in the country, still if it be necessary I
will adopt the suggestion of the Senator from
Delaware and say " for victualing the vessel."
That will meet all the substantial points that
wo ask. We do not ask for liquor ; we do not
ask for cigars; although I must say it is a
small business if a Jack tar wants a glass of
liquor or a captain wants a cigar to smoke for
the Government to say he may not have it;
but we will take the language of the Senator
from Delaware, or any other language that
will satisfy the Senator from Ohio. I have
stated all the clause means and all we want to
reach by it.
