1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
187$
Certainly a most weighty and overwhelming
reason why a change in the (i manner11 of sup-
plying the civil service with its working force
should be promptly made, and Congress would
not dare for a day to continue a'' system'' that,
as a rule, "does not supply the best men, and
often not fit men for public place." It will
be remembered that it was in pursuance of the
recommendations made by the President in
this message that Congress passed the act to
which I have already referred, which author-
izes the President of the United States to pre-
scribe such rules and regulations for the admis-
sion of persons into the civil service of the
United States as wifl best promote the effi-
ciency thereof, and ascertain the fitness of
each candidate in respect to age, health, char-
acter, knowledge, and ability for the branch
of service into which he seeks to enter 5 and
that it was by virtue and in pursuance of the
last provision of that act, which authorized him
to "employ suitable persons to conduct said
inquiries/5 that the commission was organ-
ized whose report, with the rules which they
had prescribed, was sent to this Congress, ac-
companied with an approving message of the
President, to which I have already alluded,
and which it is but fair to infer contains a state*
ment of the reformed plan or "manner" in
which all appointments to the civil service
should be hereafter made.
But in order that we may have an intelligent
understanding of the new plan or "manner"
which is presented by the commission in these
rules, and to the end that we may be enabled
to trace wherein they differ from the former
plan or "manner," which it is charged has
resulted in such disaster to every department
of the civil service, it is but fair that they be
examined, and I therefore read them here
entire, with the exception of rules nine, ten,
eleven, twelve, and thirteen, which have no
relation whatever to the subject in hand. They
are as follows :
"1. No person shall be admitted to any position
in tho civil service within the appointment of the
President or the heads of Departments who is not
a citizen of the United States; who shall not have
furnished satisfactory evidence in regard to charac-
ter, health, and age; and who shall not have passed
a satisfactory examination in speaking, reading,
and writing the English language.
"2. An advisory board oi suitable persons, to be
employed by the President under the ninth section
of tho act of March 3, 1871, entitled 'An act mak-
iug appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the fiscal year ending June 30,1872,
and for other purposes/ shall, so far as practica-
ble, group the positions in each branch of the civil
service according to the characterof the duties to b©
performed, and shall grade each group from lowest
to highest, for the purpose of promotion within the
group. Admission to the civil service shall always
be to the lowest grade of any group; and to such
positions as cannot be grouped or graded admis-
sion shall be determined as provided for the lowest
grade.
*'3. A vacancy occurring in the lowest grade of any
group of offices shall be filled, after due public no-
tice, from all applicants who shall present them-
selves, and who shall have furnished the evidence
and satisfied the preliminary examination already
mentioned, and whoshali have passed a public com-
petitive examination # to test knowledge, ability,
and special qualifications for the performance of
the duties of the office. The board conducting such
competitive examination shall prepare, under the
supervision of the advisory board, a list of the
names of the applicants, in the order of their excel-
lence, as proved by such examination, beginning
with the highest; and shall then certify to the nom-
inating or appointing power, as the case may be, the
names standing at the head of such list, not exceed-
ing three ; and from the names thus certified the
appointment shall be made.
"4. A vacancy occurring in any grade of a group
of offices, above the lowest, shall be filled by a
competitive examination of applicants from the
other gra'des of that group, and the list of names
from which the appointment is to be made shall be
prepared and certified as provided in the preced-
ing rule; but if no such applicants are found com-
petent, the appointment shall be made upon an ex-
amination of all applicants, conducted in accordance
with the provisions for admission to the lowest grade.
'*5. Applicants certified as otherwise qualified for
appointment as cashiers of collectors of customs,
cashiers of Assistant Treasurers, cashiers of post-
masters, superintendents of money-order divisions
in post offices, and such other custodians of large
sums of money as may hereafter be designated by
the advisoiy board, and for whose pecuniary fidelity
another ofiicer is responsible, shall, nevertheless,not
be appointed, except with the approval of such other
officer.
"6. Postmasters whose annual salary is less than,
two hundred dollars may be appointed upon the
written request of applicants, with such evidence of
character and fitness as shall be satisfactory to the
head of the Department.
"7. The appointment of all persons entering the
civil service in accordance with these regulations,
excepting persons appointed by the President, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate, post-
masters, and persons appointed to any position in a
foreign country, shall be made for a probationary
term of six months, during which the conduct ana
capacity of such persons shall be tested; and if, at
the end of said probationary term, satisfactory
proofs of their fitness shall have been furnished by
the board of examiners to the head of the Depart-
ment in which they shall have been employed during
said term, they shall be reappointed.
"8. The President will designate three persons in
each Department of tho public service to serve as a
board of examiners, which, under the supervision
of the advisory board, and under regulations to be
prescribed by it, and at such times and places as it
may determine, shall conduct personally, or by per-
sons approved by the advisory board, all investi-
gations and examinations for admission into said
Departments, or for promotions therein/'
Here, Mr. Speaker, in these rules is found
the true panacea for all the woes which have
heretofore beset the civil service of the
country. It is to enforce these that " all the
strength that Congress can give," has been
invoked by the President. These disclose the
new plan, the "change in the manner" of
making appointments to the civil service de-
partments of the Government of such clerks
and employes as do not require the i( advice
and conseut of the Senate to make their ap-
pointments complete ;" and it is charged that,
for want of this systfem, demoralization, chi-
canery, corruption, incompetence, fraud,
and robbery have found their way into every
branch of the public service, and resulted in a
loss to the Government of its revenues to the
extent of $100,000,000 annually. Was there
ever since the world began such shallow,
such hollow pretense! What change in the
" manner" of appointing these clerks and em-
ployes do gentlemen find here that has not
been substantially and legally prescribed for
more than twenty years past? I fiud none,
unless it be found in the fact that here-
tofore gentlemen were selected who consti-
tuted the board of examiners, who were
interested, by the relations which they sus-
tained to the positions which were sought by
applicants for admission to the service, in
securing good and competent men; and who
received no extra compensation for their ser-
vices as examiners j while those who comprise
the present commission seem to have been
selected with especial reference to their abso-
lute want of connection with or interest in the
Departments which are to be supplied; with a
salary attached that makes the position a sine-
cure for pedants, who hang around this Capi-
tol, and which they are entitled to draw with
becoming regularity.
But to the facts, The'Constitution provides,
with reference to the appointment of officers,
as follows :
"He [the President] shall have power, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, to make
treaties, provided two thirds of the Senators present
concur; and he shall nominate, and, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, shall appoint
embassadors, other public ministers, and consuls,
judges of the Supremo Court, and all other officers
of the United States whose appointments are not
herein otherwise provided for, and which shall be
established by law; but the Congress may bylaw vest
the appointment of such inferior officers as they
think proper in the President alone, in the courts
of law, or in the heads of Departments."
In pursuance of this regulation of the Con-
stitution, Congress at its first session after the
adoption of the Constitution invested the
heads of the several Departments with the
power to appoint these "inferior officers" in
their several bureaus. Afterward, as other
Departments were created, this power of ap-
pointment was conferred upon the several
heads. With the power to appoint was also
conferred the power to remove. Each by law
was made responsible for the conduct of the
Department over which he was chief. In 1842
Congress passed an act by which a kind of
supervisory power was reserved to the Con-
gress over the several Departments. That act
reads as follows:
"Sec. 11. That it shall be the duties of the Secreta-
ries of State, of the Treasury, W ar, and Navy, of the
Commissioners of the Navy, of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, of the Secretary of the Senate, and of the
Clerk of the House of Representatives, to report to
Congress at the beginning of each year the names
of the clerks and other persons that have been em-
ployed, respectively, during the preceding year, or
any part thereof, in their respective Departments
and offices, together with the time that each clerk
or other person was actually employed; together
with the sums paid to each: and also, whether they
have been usefully employed; whether the services
of any of them can be dispensed with without detri-
ment to the publicservice, and whether the removal
of any individuals and the appointment of others in
their stead is required for the better dispatch of busi-
ness *********
Sec. 13. " That it shall be the duty of each chi ef or
principal clerk, in the respective Departments, bu-
reaus, and other offices, to supervise under the direc-
tion of his immediate superior officer the duties of the
other clerks therein, and to see that their duties are
faithfully executed, and that such duties are dis-
tributed with equality and uniformity, according to
the nature of the case. And such distribution
shall be reviewed from time to time by said chief
or principal clerk for the purpose of correcting any
tendency to undue accumulation or reduction of
duties, whether arising from individual negligence
or incapacity, or from increase or diminution of
particular kinds of business; and such chief or
principal clerk shall report monthly to his superior
officer any existing defect that he may be aware of in
the arrangement or dispatch of business, and such
defect shall be amended by new arrangements of
duties, dismissal ofnegligent or incompetent officers,
or otherwise."
Thus stood the law regulating employment
in the civil service until May, 1853, when Con-
gress, in addition to the provisions of the act
of 1842, before cited, passed the following:
"UTo clerk shall be appointed in either of the
four classes until after he has been examined and
found qualified by a board, to consist of three .ex-
aminers, one of them to be the chief of the bureau
or office into which he is to be appointed, and the
two others to be selected by the head of the Depart-
ment to which the said clerk will be assigned."
It will be borne in mind that these " inferior
offices," or clerkships, had been previously
divided into four grades or classes by an act
of Congress; that the same rule of grading
or classifying exists to-day, and that the rules
adopted by the commission of 1871 as to the
gradation and classification of these persons
are in every essential the same which obtained
and were prescribed by previous laws.
The eleventh section of the act of 1842, as
I have once before said, reserved to Congress
a supervisory power over the several Depart-
ments connected with the civil service of the
Government; while the thirteenth section of
the same act enjoined and required the most
rigid scrutiny into the conduct and capacity,
ability and usefulness, of those who were em-
ployed in these Departments. One can scarcely
see how, under the system inaugurated by these
acts, incapacity could long be retained in any
bureau. Certainly the rules here found, for
the regulation and government of those con-
nected with the service, in the capacity of clerks
and employes, are not less comprehensive, not
less rigorous, than are those which have been
presented for the government and regulation
of that service by the present commission.
Nor is the system of examinations introduced
into use by the commission a new one, as
these gentlemen would have the country be-
lieve, unless the novelty of the system be found
in the character of the examination to which
applicants are required to submit; for by the
act of 1853, to which I have before referred,
these examinations were enjoined and de-
manded, and the examinations were required
to be conducted, as I have already said, by
those who in my opinion were far more com-
petent to discharge this particular duty for
each particular service than can be those
whose duty it has become under the last law
and by the appointment of the President.
But I have not now the time to run this
parallel further. I have submitted the old
with the new rules, and gentlemen can, if it
