1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
488
committee, so aa to remit the duties simply
on materials imported to be used and actually
used. Now, suppose parties were to import
the small articles he has mentioned and they
■were to be used in a building, is it not as fair
to remit the duty on those as it would be on
anything else? He desires us to be confined
to certain articles; those articles are not all
that are employed in a building. I believe he
does not mention brick at all.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, brick,
lime, and cement.
Mr. LOGAN. What else?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Shingles,
slate.
Mr. LOGAN. Building-stone?
Mr MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, stone.
Mr. LOGAN. What else?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. All kinds of
lumber.
Mr. LOGAN. Are those articles all that
go into a building? I would ask the gentleman
why not include glass? You put glass in a
building; you use screws to hang doors with ;
you use putty, and many other things. Does
the gentleman propose to remit the duties on
a portion of tbe articles and not on the others?
Many things that we cannot just now remem-
ber or think of belong to a building as building
materials.
I desire further to call the attention of the
Senate to another point. There seems to be
a kind of a scare here among some gentlemen
that some fraud is going to be committed; that
the revenues are going to be materially reduced
by this bill, or that somebody will not get the
tariff in his pocket on the articles that may be
used. Let me call the attention of the Senate
to the amount of duties remitted in the case
of Portland, Maine, after the great fire there
in 1866, under just such a bill as this, that we
may see whether a Senator ought to be alarmed
atit or not. Wh"n Portland was rebuilt under
a bill precisely like this the amount of duties
remitted by the Secretary of the Treasury was
$21,456 86, as stated by the Secretary of the
Treasury himself, and I have his official letter
here; and I will have it read at the Clerk's
desk to show that there is no occasion for
alarm.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
Treasury Department,
Office of Commissioner of Customs,
January 10,1871.
Sir: In reply to your verbal inquiry of this date,
I have the honor to inform you that the amount
paid by the Treasury Department, through the col-
lector for the district of Portland and JPalninuth,
Maine, from July 1, 1866, to December 31, 1868, as
drawback on mate-rial used in buildings erected on
the ground burned over by the fire which occMrred
at Porthmd, Maine, July4 and 5, 1868, was&21,456 86.
The collector has been written to and requested to
furnish any further information he may be able to
communicate upon the subject, upon the receipt of
which you will be duly notified.
Very respectfully, W. T. HAINES,
ComiaissioTier.
Hon. H. C. Bcrchard, M. C.
Mr. LOGAN. This shows that in the rebuild-
ing of that city a very small amount of duties
were remitted. I will say to the Senate that
the articles which the Senator from Vermont
names in his amendment to this bill may be
the very articles that in all probability there
would not be one dollar's worth of used. As
far as stone is concerned, we do not ask that
any stone be imported. We have as good stone
quarries as there are in this country right there
in the vicinity of Chicago. Brick may be
imported under this bill, and there is a very
good reason why it should be. The moment
this fire occurred, almost all the bricks through-
out the country were purchased by a few men,
and at once put up to enormous prices. I do
not know that any brick will be imported; but
if this bill should pass it would force the men
who organized themselves and purchased all
the btick in the country to reduce the price to
a reasonable figure. That is about all that is
expected to be done by this bill. It is to pre-
vent organizations of that kind putting up
building materials to such prices as people
cannot afford to pay. I do hope the Senate
will pass the bill as it is reported from the
committee without further amendment, for with
the amendment now proposed the bill would
be of no advantage whatever to us.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the unfinished business
pending at the last adjournment is now before
the Senate, being the amnesty bill. The Sen-
ator from Vermont at that time indicated a
desire to claim the floor to-day.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President——•
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman will allow
me 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Pardon me for one mo-
ment, and I will state what I propose. I said
on the last occasion of adjournment that. I pro-
posed to address the Senate this morning on
the subject ol' the civil service bill, presenting
it as an amendment to the hill which is the
regular order for to-day, in order that I might
reply to the argument of my friend from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Carpenter ;] but I am again
obliged this morning to go into the Supreme
Court, and I shall therefore take occasion some
time later in the day, if I get back, to go on.
I will therefore, at this time, yield to anybody
who may wish to take the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
move his amendment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not at this moment, be-
cause it might embarrass the debate on other
points connected with the bill.
Mr. DAVJS, of Kentucky. Mr. Presi-
dent 
Mr. LOGAN. I hope the Senator will allow
me to make an appeal to the Senate. I do
not presume that there is going to be any
further discussion on the bill which we have
been considering this morning. All the time
it will require will be the time necessary to
take the vote. I ask, therefore, that all prior
orders be postponed and that bill be acted
upon.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the unfinished business
be passed over informally.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well. That is what I
meant to suggest.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I would remark
to the honorable Senator from Illinois that I
have received a remonstrance from some a>f my
constituents against the passage of tliis bill. I
would therefore ask his courtesy to allow me
an opportunity to examine the bill in connec-
tion with that remonstrance. My feeling is
altogether in favor of his bill; and I am not
at all disposed to eome to the conclusion that
I will oppose the bill, even to effect the pur-
poses of the remonstrants. All that I desire is
to have an opportunity of examiniug it in the
most liberal spirit to the bill.
Mr. LOGAN. I certainly would not ask the
consideration of it without every Senator being
willing, and I will most gladly allow it to go
over so that the Senator from Kentucky can
have an opportunity of examining it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over for the present, and the Senator
from Illinois gives notice that he will call it up
to-morrow.
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the amend-
ment reported by the committee and the amend-
ment of the Senator fiam Vermont be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
OliDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I move that the
pending orders and all other orders be post-
poned to enable me to call up the resolution
which I offered some weeks since in the Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is morning business
yet undisposed of.
Mr. WILSON. 1 hope we shall be allowed
to finish the morning business.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I have no sort
of objection.
Mr. WILSON. I ask that the unfinished
business be laid aside informally for the pur-
pose of proceeding with morning business.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall make no objection
to laying by the regular order informally, so
that it shall not lose its place.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. That was the
suggestion I was going to make, and I thank
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
for making it.
Mr. MORTON. Is it in order to make
reports ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts yields to allow the pending-
business to be informally passed over, and
the Chair again states to Senators, as he did
several times last week, that before a motion
to adjourn or to proceed to the consideration of
executive business shall have been made, some
Senator must demand the regular order, which
will call up this bill, or else, whatever the
Senate adjourns on will be the unfinished busi-
ness preceding this bill. The Senator from
Massachusetts now yields to allow the current
morning business to be completed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I ask the hon-
orable Senator to let me have my resolution
taken up, and then I will consent that it be
informally passed over until all the morning
business is done.
Mr. SUMNER. I trust the Senator will
wait until the morning business is over and
then make his suggestion, and let it take the
form of passing over the order of the day
informally.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I do not object
at all.
ItEPORtS OF COMMITTEES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive morning business. Reports of com-
mittees are in order.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom were referred
the bill (S No. 341) to reduce the rates of
correspondence by telegraph and to connect
the telegraph with the postal service, have in-
structed me to report it back with an amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute, together
with a written report. I will simply say in
reporting this bill that I do not think there is
any legislation pending before either House of
Congress fraught with as much real benefit to
the people, not even excepting the civil service
reform, as this measure which I now present.
It proposes the reduction of the cost of tele-
graphic communication by one half, and this
without any expense to the Government or to
the people; and not only does it involve no
expense to the Government, but it produces
a large revenue to the Treasury by the postal
stamp which it requires on every telegraphic
communication. In every other civilized coun-
try of the world, I believe, without exception,
the cost of telegraphic communication has been
within the last few years very considerably re-
duced—reduced in about the same ratio that
this bill proposes a reduction in this country.
I hope the committee will have an early op-
portunity of bringing this bill before the Senate
for action. I move now that the report be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask that an extra num-
ber of copies of the bill and report be printed,
say one thousand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion,
under the law, will be referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
Mr. WINDOM, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, who were instructed to inquire as to
the necessity and propriety of further legisla-
tion with regard to the Mille Lac reservation,
reported that in their judgment no further
legislation on tbe subject was necessary, and
therefore asked to be discharged from its con-
sideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. The Committee on Public
Larids, to whom were referred the bill (S. No.
447) to enable honorably discharged soldiers
