1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3171
! eight hundred thousand men, and the records
of the Army show that more than three mil-
lion men were enlisted. Every foot of the
public domain worth holding by the actual
settler will be covered by the provisions of
this bill. Why, sir, we talk about railroad
land grants; this is a cheaper plan to build
railroads upon the public lands by purchasing
these certificates than it would be to have the
land granted to them directly in the first place.
If I have time, I will yield a minute to the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Ritchie.]
Mr. RITCHIE. 1 desire to say that in ad-
vocating the claims of military telegraph
operators I did not intend to indorse the pro-
visions of the bill itself. I only wished the
House to take into consideration the claims
of these men with other members of the
Army. I thoroughly sympathize with the
only true method of reform in regard to land
grants; that is, the restriction of donations of
the public lands to actual settlers.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I yield five minutes
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Haw-
ley.]
. Mr. HAWLEY. It is well known to mem-
bers of this House that I have been in favor
of the homestead law, and upon many occa-
sions since I have been a member it has been
my privilege to advocate that measure. I am
as much in favor of it now as I have ever been
at any former time. And I believe that the
bill now offered to the House is vicious in
most of its parts, and that if enacted into a
law nothing but evil will result from it. The
bill which passed the House and the Senate,
and which has become a law during the pres-
ent session of Congress, is in my opinion in all
respects a just and wise measure.
That bill, in my judgment, went as far as it
was safe for Congress to go in this direction.
It was, as I thought, the only bill which could
receive the sancdon of both Houses of Con-
gress ; and so believing, I moved, when it came
from the Senate, that it be taken from the
Speaker's table and passed under a suspension
of the rules.
In the brief time allowed me I wish to call
the attention of the House to some of the per-
nicious features of the bill now before us. By
this bill the soldier is to be allowed to assign
his certificate to any citizen of the United
States ; any assignee may purchase four such
certificates and take, not a quarter section, but
a section of the public land. In this respect
the bill violates in an important particular the
principle of the homestead law.
_ Now, what will the soldier get for his cer-
tificate? Any man from the West who has
been familiar at all with land speculation in
that section knows that the soldier would not
be able to get ten dollars for one of these cer-
tificates. There are two and a half million
soldiers entitled to these certificates ; and to
meet the certificates more than four hundred
and fifty million acres of the public lands will
be required. What, then, is the result? if
the soldier disposes of his certificate, he gets
but an insignificant price. The certificates go
into the hands of speculators, who absorb these
lands to the detriment of men who desire to
occupy them as actual settlers. I wonder any
member of the House should fail to see that,
this measure in all its parts is vicious and
only vicious.
If I could see any merit in this proposition,
if I could understand it as advantageous in
any respect to the soldier, I would support it.
But I do not believe it will be of any benefit to
him, while it will be a wrong to the country.
It will involve the lands of the West in inex-
tricable law suits. It will place those lands
m the hands of speculators, and men who
want to occupy them will be obliged to pay to
these speculators such a price as they may see
fit to demand.
Sir, if we stand by the homestead laws we
have lands enough for all who desire them,
and will actually settle up them. There is
now no difficulty about the question. Every
man who wants to occupy a portion of the
public lands can do so. The soldier who has
served in the Army may, under existing laws,
go upon our western lands, take up his quar-
ter section, and be credited with the time he
served in the Army. That, in my judgment, is
all the soldiers demand. They do not ask the
passage of the bill now reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. I do not believe
the soldiers of this country are in favor of the
principle of this bill.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I now yield five min-
utes to my colleague, [Mr. Congee.]
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Speaker, from the re-
marks of the opponents of this bill one would
think that it provided for a great many more
homesteads than any existing law; that under
this bill the public lands will all be taken up
with homesteads in a way not now provided
for by law. I submit, Mr. Speaker, that the
homestead laws of the United States as now
in force provide for just as much land being
taken as may be taken under the provisions
of this bill—no more and no less. Under our
homestead laws every citizen may take a
homestead. If, then, there is any force in
the argument of the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. McCormick] that the homesteads taken
under this bill will absorb all the public lands,
it is equally an argument against our present
homestead laws. Under this bill no man can
take any more land as a homestead than he
could without it.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Does it
not allow one person to take six hundred and
forty acres?
Mr. CONGER. It does not allow a single
additional homestead; in fact, it saves one
homestead out of four; for the assignee who
may purchase four soldiers' certificates, and
thus become entitled to six hundred and forty
acres, might, aside from this bill, have a home-
stead which would make five homesteads.
But by this bill the assignee is restricted to
four quarter sections. Therefore, it saves one
homestead, one quarter section of land.
Now, what are the provisions of this law,
and how do they affect the soldier? It provides
that the cripple, that the soldier who has no
arms, or no legs, or not enough of them to
travel from his home to these far western
lands, may send an agent to go on the lands
and cultivate them and make a home for him
to which he may go. What is there wrong in
that? it provides there shall be but one
agent for each soldier. Those who are so
friendly to the soldier object to his sending an
agent out to the wilderness to make a home
to which he may go. That is what this law
does.
Mr. Speaker, in my opinion the provisions
of this law are all just and are all light to
the soldier. It provides no greater amount
of homestead land. It does not provide the
certificates may be thrown upon the market
to be bought up by speculators. Each inan
who buys a certificate must have settled on a
homestead. He must himself go on it, culti-
vate it, and acquire the rights of the soldiers.
There is in this Hall professedly agreat love
for the soldier, but I have noticed whenever a
bill is introduced into it which will inure to
the benefit of the soldier these gentlemen rise
up and oppose it as if it were a grant of lands
to agreat monopoly, when the bill does no such
thing. There is love for the soldier on the
lips of gentlemen here which I am afraid is not
in their hearts; and 1 defy any gentleman to
find in this bill anything which caters to the land
speculator in any degree whatever, or makes
any of these lands go to the speculator. I hope
when the final vote comes to be taken on this
bill gentlemen will have an opportunity to de-
clare by yeas and nays their respect for the
wounded, disabled defenders of this country,
and then we will see who loves the soldier iu
fact, and who merely love him by profession
of their lips.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I now yield for five
minutes to the chairman of the committee,
[Mr. Coburn.J
Mr. COBUKN. I will yield my time to the
gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Boles. ]
Mr. BOLES. Mr. Speaker, I wish to say
to the House I would go as far as any other
member ou the floor to reward the soldier for
the privations he suffered during the war. I'
am willing to show it by my votes, and not only
by lip service, of which the gentleman from
Michigan has spoken. Now, if we are in earn-
est about granting a bounty to the soldiers
let us give him money, let us give him some-
thing he can use, and let us give the widows
and orphans something they can use. But do
not let us give away our public lands.
It seems to me, Mr. Speaker, the committee
who reported this bill have not considered the
magnitude of it. Take the number of soldiers
who will be entitled to one hundred and sixty
acres of land under this bill and multiply them
together, and it will be seen this bill grants
four hundred million acres of land. Think
of it! Four hundred million acres of the
public land granted by this one bill.
The gentleman from Michigan says these
soldiers are to locate these lands in one year.
That is impracticable. We have not one
tenth enough of land surveyed now to fulfill
the requirements of this bill. It would take
the present surveying force of the United
States forty years to survey our western
domain in order that these certificates may
be located. It will take forty years to survey
lands of the West in order to carry out the
provisions of this bill.
It is entirely impracticable. If we intend
to benefit the soldier, let us give him money,
and not land. All citizens of the United States
have the right to go on the public lands and
make homes of them. I do not think we
should trifle with our lands in this way.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I now yield to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Town-
send.]
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, it is a mistake to suppose this bill is
in accordance witli the wishes of all the soldiers
of the Union. It isin direct opposition to the
wishes of the soldiers of Pennsylvania. They
have had their regular meeting,their grand en-
campment, and they have passed resolutions
directly hostile to this plan of giving lands to
the soldiers, and in order that their views may
be fairly expressed to the House, I send up to
the Clerk's desk to be read resolutions of that
grand encampment of Pennsylvania, signed
by some of the most eminent men who served
in the war from the State of Pennsylvania.
The Clerk read as follows :
Headquarters Department oi' Pexnsylvania,
Grand Amy of the Rkpujjlj;:.
Easton, i'n*\k vi,y a\ r a, February 1, 187—.
Dear Sir: We have the honor to present to your
notice the resolutions adopted by the encampment
of Pennsylvania at its annual session, January 25,
187_i, in reference to congressional legislation in the
interests of the honorably discharged soldiers and
sailors who served during the late rebellion, and for
the widows and orphans of the fallen.
Mcsolved, 1. That the department of Pennsylva-
nia, Grand Army ot the Itepublie, earnestly pro-
tests against the passage of any law granting one
hundred and sixty acres of land to honorably dis-
charged soldiers and sailors, or their legal represent-
atives, without actual residence theron, as being
adverse to a sound public policy in the distribution
of the public lands, locking out for years from the
actual settlers nearly three hundred and filty mil-
lion acres, and in no way confening any appre-
ciable benefit on thoseit is proposed to serve.
2. That we cordially approve of an amendment to
the homestead laws, granting title to one hundred
and sixty acres ot the public landsto all who served
m the Army and Navy during the rebellion, or the
legal representatives of those deceased, alter two
years' residence thereon.
3. That we earnesfly urge upon Congress the duly
of passing the bill for an increase ot pensions twenty
per c^ut.
4. That wo heartily approve of tho bill offered by
General Stocgiitox, of Michigan, December 11. tor
the equalization of bounties, as being correct in
principle, and remedying much of the nijuslice
done thousands of our deserving comrades in tho
hasty passage of previous similar bilK
0. That a committee of five be appointed by the
