484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
and sailors, their widows and orphan children,
to acquire homesteads on the public lands of
the United States, have unanimously directed
me to report it back with amendments. This
bill is one of very great importance, and I
desire now to call the attention of Senators to
it so that they may examine it. It gives a
homestead of one hundred and sixty acres of
land to each officer, soldier, sailor, or marine
who shall make his application within fix
months and occupy actually in person the
premises for eighteen months. Then the rest
of the time that he served in the Army is to
be deducted from the five years now required
under the homestead law for the settler to
remain on the land. These are the mam
features of the bill. It has been very carefully
examined by the committee, and is, I think,
an excellent measure. I ask the attention of
Senators to it, so that when it is called up for
r."tion they may know what it is.
■ ■. HAMILTON, of Texas, from the Com-
mits e on Pensions, to whom was referred the
petition of Mrs. C. B. Conant, praving that
pensions be granted to the widows of soldiers
of the war of 1812 who were married since
the time stipulated in the act of February 14,
1871, asked to be di^ch.irged from it J farther
consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of itfili B. Stevens,
praying for a pension, asked to be discharged
from us further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Aline 15. Boyle,
widow of the late Commodore Junius J. Boyle,
United States Navy, praying for a pension,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 am instructed by the
Committee on f'ublic Lands to report baek
and recommend the passage of thebill (S. No.
392) to set apart a certain tract of land lying
near the headwaters of the Yellowstone river
as a public park. It will be remembered that
an appropriation was made last year of about,
ten thousand dollars to explore that country.
Professor IJaydeti and party have been there,
and this bill is drawn on the recommendation
of that gentleman to consecrate for public
uses this country for a publ.c park. It con-
tains about forty miles square. It embraces
those geysers, those great natural curiosities
which have attracted so much attention. It is
thought that it ought to be set apart for public
uses. I would like to have the bill acted oil
now. The committee felt that, it' we were
going to set it, apart at all, it ought to be done
before individual preemptions or homestead
Claims attach.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts and the Senator from
Kentucky both gave way only for currant
morning business, but the Senator from Kan-
sas now asks unanimous consent for the
consideration of the bill which he lias just
reported.
Several Senators objected.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I withdraw the
report for the present.
Mr. PATTERSON, from the Committee on
the District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 385) to regula'e the admission
of pupils into the Columbia Institution fortbe
Deaf and Dumb, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. KELLOGG, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 114) to incorporate the Shreveport and
Red River Improvement Company, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on
Public Lands; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 169) to amend an
act passed March 2, 1831, entitled "An act
allowing the duties on foreign merchandise
imported into Wheeling, Vicksburg, Cincin-
nati, St. Louis, Nashville, and Natchez to be
secured and paid at those places," reported it
without amendment.
Mr. COLE. The Committee on Appropri-
ations, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. G25) making appropriations to supply a
deficiency in the appropriations for salaries
and contingent expenses of the Post Office
Department for the current fiscal year, have
instructed me to report it back without amend-
ment. It is a very short bill, and I think need
not trouble the Calendar. I ask that it be
read and put on its passage now.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I object.
Mr. COLE. It will go on the Calendar,
then.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
withdraw the report or have the bill placed on
the Calendar.
Mr. COLE. Let it go on the Calendar.
Mr. MORTON, from the Committee on
Privileges and Elections, to whom was re- !;
ferred the bill (S. No. 58) to prescribe the
time for holding the election for electors ij
of President and Vice President In the State j
of Louisiana, and for other purposes, reported ;
it with an amendment. ;j
He also, from the same committee, to whom !j
was referred the bill (H, It. No. 281) to pay
William P. Preston the sum therein mentioned, o
reported it without amendment. |j
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED. jj
The bill (H. R. No. 876) to fuud the debt [i
of the cit.y of Washington existing Juno 1, :
1871, was lead twice by its title, and referred >|
to the Committee on the District of Columbia. I
The bill (H. R. No. 1074) providing for the j
survey of the harbor and river at Washington, j
District of Columbia, was read twice by its ;
title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
meree. j!
The bill (H. R. No. 107G) establishing cer- |j
tain post roads in Vermont was read twice jl
by its title, and referred to the Committee on ;i
Post Offices and Post. Roads. i
The following bills were read twice by their ;
titles, and referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions :
I A bill (H. B. No. 1068) granting a pension
to Martha li. Williams; and
A bill (II. 11. No. 1078) granting a pension ■:
to Sarah Whiting. :j
BILLS INTRODUCED. j;
Mr. BLAIR asked, and by unanimous con- ]■
^ sent obtained, leave to introduce abiil (S. No. ■
i 504) in regard to entries by preemption under j,
the act of Congress approved September 4, :!
; 1841, entitled "An act to appropriate the ,
| proceeds of the sales of the public lands and
| lo grant pieemption rights," and to amend ,
! the same; which was read twice by its title,
| referred to the Committee on Public Lands, ,
I and ordered to be printed. j;
| Mr. HITCHCOCK asked, and by unani- j;
' mous consent obtained, leave to introduce I
I a bill (S. No. 505) granting lands to certain ;
institutions in the State of Nebraska; which 'j
I was read twice by its title, referred to the Com- j j
i mitteo on Public Lands, and ordered to be i
i printed. ;i
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con- jj
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. ;i
50G) to establish military prisons; which was j;
read twice by its title, ana referred, together
with a communication from the Secretary of jj
War on the same subject, to the Committee on [j
' Appropriations, and ordered to be printed. jj
j Mr. FENTON asked, and by unanimous con- ;j
j sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. jj
j 507) to authorize the establishment of ocean jj
j mail steamship service between the United :!
I States and Mexico; which was read twice by j|
: its title. ;.
j Mr. FENTON. I believe the propositions jj
j contained in this bill have been before the i;
. Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads ji
i from the same parties in another form, and I jj
move the reference of this bill to that com-
mittee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I present a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior, inclosing
letters from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
and the superintendent of the northern snper-
intendency, together with the draft of a bill for
the relief of certain tribes of Indians in the
northern superintendency. I ask that the
hill be read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed, together with this communication.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 508) for the relief
of certain tribes in the northern superintend
ency; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and, with
the accompanying communication, ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HABLAN. I present similar papers
from the Secretary of the Interior in regard to
other Indians, with a draft of a joint resolution,
and I ask that they may take the same course.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the practice
of the Senate, the resolution wiil be changed
to a bill.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 509) to enable the
Secretary of the Interior to use for the removal
of scattering bands of Chippewa Indians to
their reservation near White Earth Lake, Min-
nesota, to subsist them thereat for six months,
and for improvements on their reservation,
the unexpended balance on the books of the
Treasury heretofore appropriated forthose pur-
poses; which was road twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and, with
the papers from the Department, ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 510) for the improvement of the Willa-
mette and Columbia rivers, in Oregon; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
He. also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 511)
to amend an act entitled "An act to provide
for the payment of expenses incurred by the
Territories of Washington and Oregon in the
suppression of Indian hostilities iherein in the
years 1855 andl85G," approved March 2,1801;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to in-
troduce a bill (S. No. 512) to provide for the
erection of a building suitable for the use
of the United States courts, post office, and
other necessary offices at Charlestown, West
Virginia; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to introduce
a bill (S. No. 613) to extend the time for the
completion of the military road from Fort
Wilkins, at Copper Harbor, in the State of
Michigan, to Fort Howard, at Green Bay, in
the State of Wisconsin; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No; 514) for the relief of Albert Wieland;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce abill (S. No. 515)
authorizing the construction of arailroad from
Pioche, Nevada, to the Utah Central railroad,
in Utah Territory; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
