1380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
may please them, examine the question for
themselves. I present only the facts as I find
them.
Mr, Speaker, after examining this subject
in the light of these facts, what foundation is
discovered for the statement made by the
President in his message, that the "present
system does not secure the best men, and often
not even fit men, for public place ?"
To what change in the manner of making
these appointments can the President possibly
allude? He certainly does not demand that the
powerto appoint shall be transferred into other
hands than those in which it is now placed.
This is fixed by the Constitution, and by the
laws passed by Congress in pursuance of its
provisions. He assuredly did not entertain
the hope that the organization of this new
board of examiners would bring any new or
favorable results, for the reason th'at this sys-
tem existed in substantial form and was prac-
ticed long prior to the creation of this new
board.
"Why were these rules not enforced before?
What excuse is offered for the failure of those
in whom the power of appointment was lodged
to enforce the regulations which existed long
prior to the time when this Administration
came into power, and which exists to-day in
the form of positive law?
A reference to the report of the commission
will, I think, throw some light upon this sub-
ject. This report is furnished to this House
under the direction and at the request of the
President. He accompanies it with a mes-
sage in which he commits himself to the state-
ments therein made. He adopts it as explana-
tory of the evils under which the civil service
now suffers. In the enumeration of these
evils the report says :
" It is not easy to compute in figures tlie exact
economical difference between a good and a bad
system of the oivilaervice. It is necessarily a mat-
terofinferenceandof comparison between the prob-
able operation of a careless and a careful method.
But it is calculated, by those who have made a care-
ful study of all the facts, that one fourth of the
revenues of the United States are annually lost in
the oollection, and for a large part of that loss a.
system of the service which is fatally unsound may
reasonably be held responsible."
Here is contained one of the principal evils
which it is sought to remedy. This immense
loss of revenue is one of the results, we are
told, which attends the present "system" of
civil service, and which "system" has been
readopted by this commission without half
the safeguards that surrounded it before. Was
there ever before such specious pretense offered
for official dereliction of duty ? And this, too,
from men who had solemnly promised the
country to put none but "loyal men" on
guard. I fear that gentlemen will find, if they
will but examine this subject, that the evils
complained of are not chargeable to the " sys-
tem," but to the "manner" in which the
"system" has been administered by those
who have had it in charge. And in proof
"of this let ua again resort to the report of the
commission. They say:
" While, therefore, the appointing power ischicfly
and properly vested in the executive department
because that department is responsible for exec-
utive administration, yet the practise that has arisen
under the evil theory of the civil service tends to
make the President and Secretaries merely the ap-
pointment clerks of Congress, from which body the
Constitution carefully withholds the appointing
power. One result we have just considered, but
there are others. Thus it is notdenied that the chief
national appointments in the several States are now
really made, not by the XJresident and the Senate
but at the pleasure of the Senators from the States in
which the office is to be filled. The President may
have personal knowledge of the unfitness of certain
persons whose appointment is sought, but if the Sen-
ators from the State are in favor of those persons
the President must yield his knowledge to their
pleasure or the offioes must remain unfilled. The
Senate will, indeed, naturally and properly inform
itself in regard to particular candidates by the
knowledge of Senators who may be supposed to
know something of them. Butwben it governs its
own action merely by the will of such Senators it
makes them virtually the appointing power, and so
destroys one of the fundamental safeguards of the
Constitution. It is impossible that the Legislature
should absorb the executive funotion of appoint-
ment and remain pure. One of the wisest of Amer-
ican political writers remarked, before the Con-
stitution was adopted, 'When the Legislature is
corrupted the people are undone.'"
The whole subject of complaint is here con-
tained in a nutshell. For more than seventy
years the civil service of the Government has
been administered under the Constitution and
laws, as this Administration found them when
it came into power, and as I have here given
them. Yet no complaint ever before came
from the Executive, or from the heads of
Departments, that they were the slaves of Sen-
ators and members of Congress in everything
relating to the administration of their offices.
From the day when Washington first occu-
pied the presidential chair until the day when
President Johnson left it, no such admission
of beggarly subserviency and pitiful and cow-
ardly incompetence was ever uttered for the
ear of the American Congress and the Amer-
ican people as is contained in the report of
this commission, which is sent here accompa-
nied by a message from the President indors-
ing all it states. There is no complaint of a
want of constitutional power; there is no com-
plaint that the laws of Congress are inadequate,
or that they do not provide a remedy; but the
humiliating, the beggarly, the cringing and
cowardly confession is made that—
"The President may have personal knowledge of
the unfitness of certain persons whose appointment
is sought, but if Senators from the State are in favor
of those persons, the President must yield his knowl-
edge or the offices must remain unfilled."
" To what base uses have we come at last!"
What a flattering compliment is here paid to
the integrity of honorable Senators! It will
be remembered that there is no rule of law
that makes these Senators the appointing
power, or confers control upon them over
these appointments. The law has placed these
powers elsewhere. What a spectacle to con-
template ! The Executive, the heads of De-
partments of the most liberal and powerful
and free Government on earth, clothed with
all the attributes of supreme authority in their
respective spheres of action, suffer a report to
come here from a commission appointed by
the President, in whi.ch is contained the basest
confession of corruption, weakness, imbecility,
if not of downright pusillanimity, that ever dis-
graced any Government asking to rank as free
and civilized, and compared to which the reign
of Charles I becomes just and the vacillations
of Louis XVI are dignified into heroisms.
And this is the " manner'' in which the laws
are enforced by those whose boast it is that
good government is only to be obtained through
a "rigorous enforcement of the laws." But
there is one thing more I desire to refer to before
1 close my remarks, which strikes me as the
most peculiar and disinterested of all the rec-
ommendations of the President, and which I
think furnishes the key to all the clamor that
has been raised over this subject of civil ser-
vice reform.
The President, it will be remembered, in his
message which accompanied the report of the
commission, and to which I have already re-
ferred, uses the following "
"If left to me, without further congressional
action, therulcs prescribed by the commission under
the reservation already mentioned will be faithfully
executed; but they are not binding without further
legislation upon my successors."
Now, Mr. Speaker, after the accession of
Andrew Johnson to the presidential chair,
the Congress of the United States, in order
to prevent that officer from making changes in
the departmental-and other offices of the Gov-
ernment,, passed what was known as the
tenure-of-office law.
That act was one of the "cheeks," I pre-
sume, which was so eloquently referred to by
my distinguished colleague [Mr. Shellabar-
ger] in his remarks made on the question of
civil service reform the other day, which Con-
gress thought necessary to provide in order
that the President should have the benefit and
assistance of competent advisers. It is this
precedent, I presume, the commission had in
their minds when they embodied the following
language in their report:
"It seems to us, therefore.more desirable to afford
this reasonable security of permanence in office,
by depriving the head of illegitimate motives for
removal rather than by providing a fixed tenure, to
be disturbed only upon conviction, after formal
accusation and trial. There is, indeed, no reason
for such a tenure, unless it can be shown from the
nature of the system that the power of removal is
likely to be abused."
And it is to this portion of the report, I have
no doubt, that we are indebted for the deep
solicitude expressed in the message of the
President that the benefits accruing from the
adoption of the new system should be secured
to "his successors."
But the President was not always thus favor-
able to the " security of permanence in office,"
as we shall presently see. In his message to
Congress of December 6, 1869, in speaking of
the act of Congress which had been passed
with the intention of " securing permanence
of offiec," the President says:
" It may be well to mention here the embarrass-
ment possible to arise from leaving on the statute-
books the so-called 'tenure-of-office acts,' and to
earnestly recommend their total repeal. It could
not have been the intention of the earners of the
Constitution, when providing that appointments
made by the President should receive the consent
of the Senate, that the latter should have the power
to retain in office persons placed there by Federal
appointment, against the will of the President. The
law is inconsistent with a faithful and efficient ad-
ministration of the Government. What faith can
an Executive put in officials forced upon bim, and
those, too, whom he has suspended for reason I
How will such officials be likely to serve an Admin-
istration which they know does not trust them?"
Who is there here now who will question
the soundness of the principles expressed in
this recommendation of the President? If
sound in 1869, will some gentleman upon the
other side of the House explain to what cause
this change of opinion in the mind of the
Executive is attributable ? Why this uncon-
querable desire to be of use to his " successor,"
who it seems, under existing law, " will not
be bound without further legislation ?"
Is it intended to pass into a law an act that
will "hedge about" "his successor" with
officials "whom he does not trust," and
"whom he has suspended for reason ?" Is it
possible that gentlemen on the other side of
the House have already discovered the cloud,
a short time since no larger, than a man's
hand, but now overspreading the entire po-
litical heavens, that is soon to burst with all its
fury upon the heads of those who, if this re-
port of the civil service commission be true,
are confessedly incompetent to administer the
Government with either efficiency, fidelity, or
honesty ?
Is it intended before bidding " adieu to all
your greatness," that you intend to leave to
"your successors" as a rich legaey which
must not lapse, more than fifty thousand officers
who have been thrust upon this Administration
by Senators and Representatives in Congress
whom the appointing power '' personally knew
to be unfit for the positions to which they were
appointed?" Is this the reform that is sought
to be accomplished by gentlemen who have in
charge this portion of ths message of the Pres-
ident? Gentlemen, do not deceive yourselves.
The country will not be satisfied with your pro-
fessions for reform. The country cares noth-
ing for the "manner" in which your appoint-
ments are made. It is for your appointments
and the fidelity with which you administer the
affairs of the Government that they will hold
you responsible.
The clerks and employes " are not charge-
able with the condition of demoralization
which it is conceded pervades every branch
of the civil service. As a class, I believe them
to be better men than the chiefs under whom
they serve. They are the working bees in this
great Government hive; and it is unfair to
