1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1381
class them with the pimps and spies and
harpies and thieves who have found their
way into the Government service, to the dis-
gust of our people and the disgrace of our
civilization, and whose loathsome presence
lias been forced into every portion of our land.
Again I say to gentlemen, do not deceive your-
selves. This cry for reform will avail you
nothing. Our people demand acts, not words.
There is a "species of molluscous animals
that inhabit the sea, of the order Cephalopoda
and genus Sepia. They have small arms with
serrated cups by which they lay fast hold of
anything. They have also two tentacula longer
than the arms. The mouth is in the center ef
the arms, and is horny and hooked, like the
bill of a hawk. They feed on lobsters and
other shell-fish. They have a little bladder
under the throat, near the liver, from which,
when pursued, they throw out a black liquor
that darkens the water, by which means they
escape. It is called the cuttle-fish. Mr. Speaker,
I think I can discover many points of resem-
blance between this marine monster and the
Administration which now controls the affairs
of this country. I think I could point out at
least some of the causes which have contrib-
uted to produce the evils which afflict the pub-
lic service if I had but time to do so. I may
however be permitted to say that all is charge-
able to the manner in which the Government
has been administered within the last three
years. The people who pay tribute to sup-
port the Government, and who are at once the
source of your wealth and your power, have
been treated by those who administer the Gov-
ernment,, not as friends, but as aliens and
enemies. Every department of trade and of
commerce has been humiliated and degraded
through your espionage. Spies and informers,
heretofore only known in a republican Govern-
ment as the instruments of despots and tyrants,
have been employed in every branch of the
public service.
They are the lepers you have fastened upon
our political system. These are the fruitful
causes which have created the widespread liti-
gation, discord, strife, tumult, disorder, mis-
ery, riot, and bloodshed, from which almost
every portion of our country has already or
is now suffering. With such agents, with the
continuance of such a system, the same results
must continue to follow. You have a right to
hope for no other. Your cry of " reform " will
not cleanse this Augean stable. But do not
"lay the flattering unction to your souls"
that in imitation of the cuttle-fish you can by
the simple cry of "reform" so darken your
surroundings as to hide from view the waste,
extravagance, and demoralization which have
marked your administration of public affairs,
or that thereby you will be enabled to escape
the slow but certain condemnation of a suffer-
ing people.
I yield the remainder of my time to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Speer.]
william and mary college.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. The Col-
lege of William and Mary, located at Williams-
burg, Virginia, was chartered and richly en-
dowed by the sovereigns whose names it bears
in 1693. It is believed to have been the only
college in the colonies that received a royal
charter. The buildings were designed by Sir
Christopher Wren, and were completed in 1723.
It rapidly grew in the confidence and love of
the colonies, and afterward of the States of
the Union. Its history is the common prop-
erty and glory of the nation, linked as it is
with the names of statesmen and patriots whose
memory we all delight to honor. It hasgiven
to the nation the author and five signers of the
Declaration cf Independence, the President
of the first American Congress, three Presi-
dents of the United States, its great Chief
Justice (Marshall) the first Attorney Geoeral,
one general commanding the armies of the
United States, (General Scott,) and many
other eminent statesmen, jurists, and soldiers.
On the night of the 8th of February, 1869,
the buildings of the college were destroyed by
fire. Its resources, however, were then ample,
and in just one year from the time of its de-
struction new buildings were erected and fur-
nished, and the college was again prepared to
enter upon its work of usefulness.
But in the spring of 1861 the war of the
rebellion began, and the country surrounding
the college became the scene and theater of
active operations. That part of Virginia in
which it was located was alternately traversed
by the opposing armies, and on the 9th day of
September, 1862, in the language of the report
of the committee of this House, made on the
29th of January last—
•"A body of stragglers from the United States
forces, drunken, disorderly, and insubordinate, fired
and destroyed the college building, with the library,
apparatus, furniture, and other property therein
belonging to the institution."
In characterizing this act, General Meade
says:
"I am satisfied, on examination of the facts of the
case, that the destruction of the buildings of "Wil-
liam and Mary College by our troops was not only
unnecessary and unauthorized, but was one of those
deplorable aots of useless destruction which occur
in all wars."
In the last Congress the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] presented a
memorial from the friends of the institution,
embracing the Executive and all the members
of the Legislature of Virginia, of both parties,
praying for an appropriation to enable them
to rebuild the college. This memorial was
referred to the Committee on Education and
Labor, and a favorable report was made
thereon by its chairman. It was so late in
the session, however, that no efficient action
could be taken; but the matter has been
brought to the attention of the same commit-
tee this session, and the House now has its
unanimous report in favor of the passage of
this bill directing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to the College of William and Mary
the sum of $64,000 for the destruction of its
buildings and other property, "without au-
thority, by disorderly soldiers of the United
States," upon accounts of such destruction
and the damage caused thereby duly verified
and proven.
The fact and the amount of the loss are not
disputed, and the bill comes before the House
with the second report in its favor of one of
our most able, careful, and cautious com-
mittees. And in a just and fair consideration
of its merits, it should be remembered that at
the time of the destruction of the college, the
territory in which it was located was claimed
and recognized by the Government of the
United States as being in the Union, and was
at the time, and afterward, represented on this
floor by its member of Congress. The build-
ings were in possession of Union troops, and
the day before their destruction a court-martial
was held in one of the rooms. We have, then,
the case of an institution of learning, standing
upon our territory, held by our forces, and
destroyed by our troops, when its destruction,
as General Meade says, "was unnecessary and
unauthorized." Had the burning of the col-
lege been authorized by our officers as a mili-
tary necessity; had it been at the time in the
possession of the enemy and used by them for
military purposes; had it contributed in any
way or to any extent to the aid of the rebel-
lion ; or had its loss been of any imaginable
advantage to us, its destruction then would
have been justified by the law of nations.
But it was fired by1' disorderly and drunken''
soldiers, without orders or authority from
anybody, and the act was alike useless and
wanton. In an hour this venerable institution,
dear to the friends of learning everywhere,
the growth and the pride of a century and a
half, the abode of science and the nursery of
Presidents and statesmen, slumbered in its
ashes. Far back beyond the birth of our Re-
public ran the memory of its usefulness, and
around the long record of its life were linked
the fondest associations of patriotism and vir-
tue. Its destruction did no possible damage
to our armed foe, and no possible good to us.
It was private property, dedicated to the cause
of letters and the purposes of peace, and min-
istering to the interests of all humanity. Its
loss aided neither army, and its preservation
under the circumstances was demanded alike
by the cause of science and the rules of civil-
ized warfare. No man free from prejudice
and from the bitterness nursed in the cradle
of the rebellion can contemplate its destruc-
tion without the sincerest regret.
In view, then, of the location and character
of this property, and of the unauthorized and
wanton manner of its destruction, what is the
duty of Congress; or, if there be no legal duty,
what obligation should the Government im-
pose upon itself? I freely admit that, as a mat-
ter of legal right, the College of William and
Mary has no claim that she can enforce against
the Federal Government. Her appeal here is
not for compensation, but for charity; not for
that justice which is defined and limited by the
statute, but for that generosity which is higher
and nobler than legal justice; which, recog-
nizing in a loss like this a national calamity,
stretches forth its arms to restore to the re-
public of letters its lost treasure. The recog-
nition of this moral obligation, so just and so
consonant to the better feeling of our nature,
is found in the works of all standard writers
upon international law. Vattel in his Law
of Nations, page 367, says:
"For, whatever cause a country is ravaged, wa
ought to spare those edifices which do honor to hu-
man society, and do not contribute to increase the
enemy's strength, such a? temples, tombs, public
buildings, and all works of remarkable beauty.
What advantage is obtained by destroying them ?
It is declaring one's self an enemy to mankind, thus
wantonly to deprive them of these monuments of
art and models of taste; and in that light Bolisarius
represented the matter to Totila, king of the Goths.
We still detest those barbarians who destroyed so
many wonder? of art when they overran the Roman
empire. However just the resentment with which
the great Gustavus was animated against Maximil-
ian, duke of Bavaria, he rejected with indignation
the advice of those who wished him to demolish the
stately palaco of Munich, and took particular earo
to preserve that admirable structure."
Wheaton in his Elements of International
Law, page 420, states the same principle thus:
"By the ancient law of nations, even what were
called res sacrae were not exempt from capture and
confiscation. Cicero has conveyed this idea in his
expressive metaphorical language, in the fourth ora-
tion against Verres. where he says that 'Victory
made all the sacred things of the Syracusans pro-
fane;' but by the modern usage of nations, which
has now acquired the force of law, temples of religion,
public edifices devoted to civil purposes only, mon-
uments of art, and repositories of science, are ex-
empted by the general operations of war."
Halleck, an American author and com-
mander of the Union Army in the late war,
says:
"But whatever may be the decision of the ques-
tion respecting the right of the conqueror to seize
or levy upon such works of art and taste belonging
to the hostile State as come under the denomination
of movable or personal property, it is the modern
usage, and one which has acquired the force of law,
that such works cannot be wantonly or unnecessa-
rily destroyed, and that all structures of a civil
character, all public edifices devoted to oivil pur-
posesonly, all templesof religion, monumentsot art,
and repositories of science, are to be exempt from
the operations of war."
Kent says:
"If the conqueror makes war npon monuments
of art and models of taste, he violates the modern
usages of war, and is sure to meet with indignant
resentment, and to be held up to the general scorn
and detestation of the world."
And our Government recognized this rule in
the war of the rebellion, as will be seen from
the following extract from General Order No.
100, approved by President Lincoln and issued
by the Adjutant General for the guidance of
our armies:
"As a general rule, the property belonging to
churches, to hospitals, or to other establishments oi
an exclusively charitable character; to establish-
ments of education, orfoundations for thepromotion
