11872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3173
f taxes on distilled spirits.
I The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
P Senate the amendments of the House of Rep-
[• resentatives to the bill (S. No. 881) to pro-
[" vide for the abatement or repayment of taxes
f on distilled spirits in bond destroyed by
f._ casualty ; and on motion of Mr. Sherman, the
I, amendments were referred to the Committee
on Finance.
house bills referred.
The following bills, received from the House
> of Representatives, were read twice by their
- titles, and referred as indicated below:
The bill (H. R. No. 2093) to grant an Ameri-
can register to the Hawaiian bark Florence—to
the Committee on Commerce.
The bill (H. R. No. 2G82) authorizing the
construction of a public building at Fall River,
in the State of Massachusetts—to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
The bill (H. R. No. 2690) defining and limit-
ing the appropriation of certain moneys for
the preparation, issue, and reissue of the
securities of the United States, and for other
purposes—to the Committee on Finance.
The bill (H. R. No. 2691) to amend an act
entitled " An act to reduce internal taxes, and
for other purposes," approved July 14, 1870—
to the Committee on Finance.
order op business.
Mr. KELLOGG. At this stage of the ses-
sion I notice that there is very little morning
business. There is a bill that is nponits pas-
sage that I think there can be no objection to,
Senate bill No. 58. It is desired by respect-
able parties all over my State. It is a matter
of public concern universally, and there is no
party question about it at all. I should like
very much to have that bill passed. It is very
short.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Louisiana asks unanimous consent that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the bill
(S. No. 58) to prescribe the time for holding
the election of electors for President and Vice
President in the State of Louisiana, and for
other purposes. Is there objection?
Mr. BLAIR. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have a little bill to
change;the spelling of the name of a vessel.
I hope the Senate will consent to pass it. It
is reported from the Committee on Commerce.
It is Senate bill No. 1062, to change the name
of the schooner La Pette to La Petite.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Isthe morning business
through?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had better
go through with it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Illinois objects, this bill cannot be con-
sidered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it is time we
had some way of doing business here that
would enable business to be called up.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is to enable a vessel
to be put in service.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not suppose there
is any objection to it in the world. 1 certainly
have no objection to the measure, but I insist
on the regular order of business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Illinois demands the regular order of business,
which is the presentation of petitions and
memorials.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILSON presented three petitions of
late soldiers and sailors of the United States
volunteer Army and Navy in favor of the
passage of a bill to provide industrial homes
and training schools for the orphans of the
soldiers and sailors who served in the Army
or Navy of the United States during the war
of the rebellion ; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. PRATT presented a petition of citizens
of Lafayette, Indiana, praying the adoption
of certain measures by the Congress of the
United States to provide ways and means for
collecting and disbursing the charities of the
benevolent who may wish to remember the
suffering Persians in their adversity; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. BLAIR presented the petition of Daniel
Duffy, a pilot of the Mississippi fleet during the
late war, praying additional pay for his ser-
vices ; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petitions of P. H.
Trout, of Staunton, Virginia, and of James
W. T. Allen, of Hardy county, West Virginia,
praying the removal of their political disabili-
ties ; which were referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. CONKLING presented two petitions
very numerously signed by soldiers and sailors
of the State of New York, praying that they
may be permitted to sell, assign, and transfer
their right, title, and interest in and to the
lands granted them under the homestead act;
which were referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. CONKLING. I present a memorial
of the Chamber of Commerce of the State of
New York, which, if I were presenting at an-
other moment, I would state more at length
than I shall do now. It relates to the coinage
of the country, giving facts and making a very
strong argument in regard to some matters to
which I beg to call the attention of the Com-
mittee on Finance. I move its reference to
that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of
James H. Holmes, attorney for Samuel B.
Watrons and others, praying for authority to
test their rights to certain lands in Mexico
before the proper courts; which was referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
reports of committees.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance to report back the bill
(H. R. No. 2629) amendatory of an act set-
ting aside certain proceeds of internal revenue
for the erection of penitentiaries in the Terri-
tories of Nebraska, Washington, Colorado,
Idaho, Montana, Arizona, and Dakota, ap-
proved January 22, 1867, and to ask that the
committee be discharged from its further con-
sideration. If the penitentiaries provided for
in this bill need an appropriation, the bill
ought to go to the Committee on Appropria-
tions ; but I simply ask that the Committee
on Finance be discharged from its further con-
sideration.
The Committee on Finance were discharged
from the further consideration of the bill, and
it was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
Mr. HITCHCOCK subsequently said: I
desire to ask that House bill No. 2629, from
which the Committee on Finance has been
discharged this morning, be referred to the
Committee on Territories. It relates to a
matter in Washington Territory, and properly
belongs to that committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection at
all, provided they do not make a special fund
out of which the money is to be appropriated.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the bill will be referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
Mr. BOREMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 689) for the relief of Jane
A. Green, to report it back without amend-
ment, and to ask for its immediate consider-
ation. It is merely to authorize the issuing
of a bond to this lady in lieu of one destroyed
by fire. It will not take a moment to pass it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Senator
from West Virginia asks unanimous consent
for the present consideration of this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope it is not neces-
sary for a Senator to rise to object to every
one of these unanimous requests. After I
have just objected to the Senator from Ohio
asking the same thing, and after the request
of the Senator from Louisiana was objected
to by a Senator across the way, how can the
Senator from West Virginia expect, when Sen-
ator after Senator has asked the same thing
and it has been objected to, that he can now
be permitted to pass his bill in this way?
The yiCE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois objects. If the Senator states
that he makes the objection for the whole
morning hour and remains in his seat, the
Chair will entertain it without requiring him
to rise on each occasion ; but when a Senator
asks unanimous consent it is the duty of the
Chair to propound that request to the Senate
unless some other Senator states that he ob-
jects to all such requests for the whole morn-
ing hour, and remains in his seat during the
hour.
Mr. BOREMAN. This is not a matter per-
sonal to myself. The bill is rather more a
matter of form than anything else, and I believe
such a bill has not been retused in any similar
case. The lady is a constituent of the Sen-
atorfrom Illinois, and if he chooses to object,
let him do so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent to consider the bill, and objec-
tion is made.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 2567) to authorize the issue of a supply
of arms to the authoiities of the Territory of
Montana, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Harmon E. Went-
worth, late sccond lieutenant fourth New York
artillery, reported a bill for his relief.
Mr. FENTON. If unanimous consent is
not granted for the consideration of that bill,
as I presume from what has been said it will
not be, I ask the Senator from Massachusetts
to withdraw the report until after the morning
business is completed.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw the report.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 2247) giving the approval
and sanction of Congress to the termini and
route of the Anacostia and Potomac river
railroad, and to regulate its construction and
operation, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 818) to allow the
Orange, Alexandria, and Manassas Railroad
Company to run trains and transport passen-
gers and freight within the corporate limits
of Washington city, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. NYE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom were referred the bill (S.
No. 927) for the relief of the children of
Otway II. Berryman, deceased, and the bill
(8. No. 899) for the relief of the children of
O. H. Berryman, and others, reported them
without amendment.
bills introduced.
Mr. CLAYTON (by request, as he stated)
asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1083) to amend
the various acts relating to agents and attor-
neys prosecuting claims or demands before
Congress and the Executive Departments of
the Government, and for other purposes;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SAWYERasked, and byunanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1084) authorizing Samuel Watrous and others
to have their rights to certain land in New
Mexico adjudicated in theproper courts; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Piivate Land Claims.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
