1882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
of knowledge, whether public schools, universities,
academies of learning, or observatories, museums of
the fine arts or of a scientific character, such property
is not to be considered property in the sense of par-
agraph thirty-one; but it may be taxed or used when
the public servioe may require it."
If the destruction of institutions of learning
be necessary for the purposes of war, as to
dislodge the enemy, or to prepare for or defend
against an attack, or to open away of retreat,
it is, of course, justifiable. But where no such
necessity fancied or real exists, the usage of
all civilized nations now is to spare this class
of property. And whenever and wherever this
usage has been intentionally departed from,
the departure has been regarded as a violation
of the laws of civilized warfare. The destruc-
tion of the Capitol, the President's House, and
other public buildings at Washington, by the
British forces in 1814, receives, and ought to
receive for all time, the condemnation of the
world. This act gratified the spirit of ven-
geance, but it dishonored the British flag, and
placed a stain upon the British name that cen-
turies will not erase. The memory of this
outrage lingers in the American heart to-day,
and it will be remembered by our children's
children when we are gone.
History with unbroken voice condemns the
conduct of Napoleon in despoiling the temples
of art in the countries overrun by his victorious
legions; and in 1815, when the allied Powers
entered Paris, they restored to their original
owners the monuments of art plucked from
the galleries of Europe by the eagles of Prance.
And the distinguished gentleman from Mas
sachusetts, [Mr. Hoar,] in his admirable
speech in support of this bill, instanced a
striking recognition of this obligation by Wash-
ington himself. The American Army in driving
the British troops from Princeton, on the 3d
of January, 1777, fired a cannon ball through
the college walls, and to repair the damage
done by this act Washington gave the trubtees
fifty guineas. The injury to the college, though
unintentional, resulted from the necessities of
actual battle, and therefore afforded no cause
whatever for complaint. It was clearly justi-
fied by the rules of war; but so anxious was
the great leader of the Army of the young
Republic to temper the rigors of war with the
offices of humanity, and to pay homage to the
sacred cause of learning, that he would not
suffer even this justifiable act to pass without
the practical acknowledgment of his regret.
Bat why multiply examples? War at best
is clothed with horrors and is red with blood.
But it has long been, and continues to be, the
grateful study of all civilized nations to nar-
row the scope of its desolations and to limit
the objects of its fury.
_ It will be observed that Vattel, in the quota-
tion above made, places- temples, tombs, and
public buildings in the same class, as alike
exempted from the ravages of war. Now, if
instead of wantonly burning the College of
William and Mary, in whose halls Jefferson,
Madison, and Monroe were students, and
from whose fountains they drew the pure in-
spiration of their patriotism, our soldiers
had wantonly despoiled their graves, and de-
stroyed the simple slab that points the friends
of liberty to the place of their repose, who
would,have lifted his voice against the nation
repairing the vandalism, and planting anew
the flowers upon their sepulchers?
, And yet do we not pay to their memory a
higher tribute, and erect to the spotless worth
and purity of their lives a nobler monument,
by lilting from its ashes the institution which
they all loved, than by placing the costliest
marble upon their tombs? Does this nation
owe nothing to the associations of the past ?
Founded upon the intelligence and virtue of
her citizens, recognizing religion and learning
as handmaidens, and civilization and liberty
as their offspring, can she in this hour of
prosperity hear unmoved the cry of distress
from an institution which, in our struggle for
independence, bequeathed to us the author and
five signers of the Declaration, and which, for
one hundred and fifty years, has been the nurs-
ing mother of patriots and statesmen? Wash-
ington, in his youth, bore from her halls his
diploma of surveyor ; and when, in after years,
a nation's gratitude had wreathed his brow
with her highest honors, he repaid the College
of William and Mary with the love of his great
heart.
The security of nations lies not in their
armies and navies, but in their schools and
churches. The former appeal to force, the
latter to the conscience and the heart. Knowl-
edge is power ; the wise and good are the truly
brave ; and that nation whose people are most
intelligent and virtuous is most prosperous in
peace and most powerful in war. The best
guarantee of the perpetuity of our civil insti-
tutions is found in the school-houses that dot
our land. For the preservation of constitu-
tional liberty and free government, they are
stronger than forts and more useful than ar-
senals. Cannon-balls may batter down walls
and level cities, but our schools batter down
prejudice and vice, and thus bless mankind.
In them lies the hope of the Republic, and to
their guardian care the nation can commither
millions of youth with a faith that knows no
doubting. By the passage of this bill we
honor the dead, we benefit the living, and we
provide blessings for the yet unborn. We
pay to the sacred cause of letters the graceful
tribute of national recognition, and embody
the nation's charity in a monument more im-
perishable than marble.
Why, then, shall this bill not pass? It is
opposed by a twofold objection: first, that
its passage would afford a dangerous prece-
dent ; and secondly, that during the war some
of the friends of the college were engaged in
the rebellion.
The first objection is not well taken. Pre-
cedents, to be of any value, must agree in
time, place, circumstances, and condition
with the measure claimed to be justified by
them. And when throughout the whole war
was there an institution of learning with the
history, associations, and usefulness of the
College of William and Mary wantonly de-
stroyed as it was? Its claims to the nation's
charity stand unrivaled and alone. None but
itself can be its parallel. I know of no case
in the wide desolations of the war, of a like
class, that approaches or can approach this
one in the mute eloquence of its appeal. Let
each claim stand or fall here upon its own mer-
its. It is the part neither of impartial justice
nor of wise statesmanship to oppose a meas-
ure, proper in itself, upon the ground that its
success may possibly hereafter be claimed as
a reason for the passage of other bills resem-
bling it in outline, but utterly unlike it in
detail. Unjust, because they may never be
presented; and unwise, because if presented
they should be considered upon the inherent
justice of the case, and not by the former
action of Congress upon a different state of
facts.
But if there be force or eloquence in prece-
dents, then I appeal to precedents; and I affirm
that the passage of this bill will not make, but
simply follow precedent; and precedents made,
too, in applications of far less merit than the
one now under discussion.
By the last Congress the following bill was
passed, and approved by the President on the
17th day of January, 1871, to wit:
" That the Treasurer of the United States be, and
he is hereby, authorized to pay to the treasurer of
the Kentucky University the sum of $25,000, in full
compensation for all claim which could be made by
said university, or by Transylvania University, to
whose rights it has succeeded, for the occupation of
their buildinas at Lexington, Kentucky, as a general
hospital for United States soldiers, and for all dam-
ages and injury caused to said buildings and the
grounds adjacent, and to tha museums and personal
pioperty of said university: Provided, That before
said sum shall be paid, a release in full of all claims
against the Government of all rents and damages
that might or could be claimed by said Kentucky
University, or by Transylvania University, shall be
executed m due form by the proper officens of said
university, and deposited with the Treasurer along
with the receipt for the sum here appropriated."
This bill passed the House without even the
yeas and nays being called. It recognizes the
legality of the claim of the university to com-
pensation from the Government, and provides
that a release shall be given on payment of the
money. Here the occupation of and damage
to the buildings were by the order of the mili-
tary authorities, as necessary for the prosecu-
tion of the war; while the buildings of William
and Mary College were wantonly burned with-
out orders or authority. In the Kentucky case
the act was justifiable by the Rules of War, and
the university, being located in a State over-
run by the enemy, had no legal ground for
compensation. In the ease before the House
the destruction of the property was unauthor-
ized, unnecessary, useless, and wanton, and is
condemned by the law of nations and the
usage of all civilized warfare. If, in the judg-
ment of Congress and the President, the first
presented a proper case for the charity of the
Governmeat, what may not justly be urged for
the last?
A similar bill, granting to the East Tennes-
see University the sum of $18,500 for damages
caused to its buildings during the war by our
forces, passed the Senate last session, and
came to the House on the 3d day of March,
1871, when it could not be reached for want
of time. It has been introduced again into the
Senate, and on the 17th of January last was
reported from the Committee on Millitary
Affairs, without amendment, by the chairman,
Senator Wilson.
Upon the admission of Missouri as a State,
in 1820, Congress granted two townships of
the best land in the State for the support of
a seminary of learning, which were estimated
to be worth $500,000 in 1832. (See report of
Commissioner of Education for 1870, page
203.)
There have been expendedfrom thenational
Treasury for the education of freedmen over
five million dollars ; and while I indorse the
efforts of the Government to establish institu-
tions of learning for the colored race, I fail
to see the consistency of those members of
Congress who have uniformly supported this
policy but who denounce in unmeasured
terms the pending bill granting the nation's
charity to an illustrious institution, devoted
through a long and glorious life to the educa-
tion of the white race.
If precedents be required, then they are at
hand; but when before, in the history of the
world, did a great people ask for precedents
in the distribution of their csharity ? In ques-
tions of governmental policy it is proper and
•well to look to the past for wisdom to guide us
in the future. But when a great institution
of learning, hallowed by the memory of five
generations, has been wantonly blotted from
the land by the lurid flames of war, and her
friends, clasping hands over her ashes, appeal
to Congress for assistance, how unlike Amer-
ica it is to inquire whether ever such an appeal
was made before or will be made again ! More
worthy of the land of Washington would it be
to give back to the State that holds the sacred
dust of Mount Vernon the institution which
he loved and to which, until the latest hour of
his life, his heart turned with grateful pride.
But it is further urged against this bill that
during the war some of the professors of the
college engaged in the rebellion. Granting
that the fact be as alleged, it does not follow
that the objection is valid. Forget not the
purpose and object of the bill. It grants noth-
ing to individuals; it makes no appropriation
to professors, whether they were loyal or dis-
loyal; but it is intended to aid the cause of
learning, to reopen the doors of a once great
college to the sons of Massachusetts and Vir-
ginia alike, into whose halls they can enter
