434
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 17,
Ho. of Reps.
Frauds in the District—Mr. Roosevelt.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
the taxation should not exceed two per cent.,
and this seems to have given the idea for a
similar provision of this organic law, as other
suggestions seem to have been obtained from
that eminent statesman; but he had the decency
to provide that this two per cent, should be
calculated upon an existing fixed valuation.
There is no such clause in the organic act of
this District, but if enough moneyis not raised
at present valuations they can be increased till
they effect the desired result, an evasion so
barefaced it would have shamed Tammany
Hall. Moreover, to keep the entire amount of
money in their own hands, and prevent an in-
quisitive prying by the people, the Board of
Works selected a treasurer from their own
body, although there was already existing an
official treasurer of the District, and into the
hands of this individual, who had given no
bonds of any legal validity, and against ilie
express clause of the law which provided that
all moneys should be drawn out by the Board
of Works by their warrant upon the District
treasurer, millions of dollars of the public
money were passed without the slightest guar-
antee for its safety.
Not the least remarkable feature of this debt
is the manner in which the loan was ne-
gotiated. By act of Legislature the entire
matter was left to the Governor, who had full
authority to dispose of the bonds at any price
which he might think proper. Such unusual
confidence either proves that the Legislature
was utterly incompetent for its duties, or shows
that there was some covert influence at work.
What would be said if it were proposed in
Congress to allow the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to dispose of the national securities at
any rate and on any terras he thought best?
Would not the people condemn such negligence
from one end of the land to the other? The
Governor, under this liberal authority, sold the
entire $4,000,000 to the E'irst National Bank of
New York at ninety-four per cent.., and the
bank immediately transferred the loan to that
money-making machine, a syndicate, at ninety-
six ai.d a half, clearing $100,000 by the oper-
ation, and the syndicate negotiated the bonds
abroad at a much higher rate, but under mis-
representations which were utterly unjusti-
fiable, and which must in the end throw it
upon the United Stales Government for re-
demption.
Mr. Sell gman, one of the syndicate, when
called before the committee could only remem-
ber one advertisement of the loan, which was
published in a Frankfort paper, and which was
comparatively harmless. I, however, hold in
my hand a copy of the Galignani newspaper
containing a very different one, which reads as
follows:
"Loan of $4,000,000 of tho city of Washington,
capital of the United States of America, and of the
District of Columbia, authorized by act of t'ongress
of the United States the 21st of February, 1871, and
confirmed by the vote of the people on the 24tti day
of November of the samo year. Interest atsix per
cont., payable in gold, tree from all Government
taxes, tho 1st of January and the 1st of July of each
year. The redemption of the loan will be effected
by purchases made by a commission nominated by
the Governor of the District of Columbia."
Then followed a description of the loan, the
manner of interest payments, redemption, &c.
Here, it will be clearly seen, is a deliberate
fraud, and Galignani is the paper most gen-
erally read on the continent of Europe. The
loan is described as "authorized by Congress
under the law of February 21, 1871," whereas
that is simply the organic act creating the
special government of this District, and in no
way refers to the loan. The impression is
given and was meant to be given that the
United States were responsible for bonds
issued under their sanction to beautify the
national capital. Governor Cooke testified
that he knew nothing of this advertisement
until the investigation was commenced, but
his ignorance only shows more clearly the
loose and careless way in which such import-
ant matters were managed under this hybrid
government.
When the interest on these bonds is not met,
as it surely soon will not be, for the simple
reason of poverty, all our national funds willbe
discredited. Foreigners deceived as to one class
will doubt all. There are so many different kinds
on the market that suspicion as to each sort will
be engendered; and finally, as a mere measure
of economy, the national Treasury will have to
respond to what are little else than forgeries.
Possibly the local authorities may have antici-
pated and looked to such a result, and in that
view it would be less grievous and unsatisfac-
tory had the money thus dishonestly obtained
been appropriated wisely and economically,
instead of being wasted in silly, extravagant,
and corrupt experiments or enterprises.
Nor is the falsehood as to thg authorization by
the United States the only fraud. It is stated
that this loan was approved by the people,
whereas it will be remembered that this is the
first four-million loan, and was never submit-
ted to the people in any shape. The second
loan, providing for a different rate of interest,
was so submitted, and that alone, and neither
is exempt from Government taxes. So that
subscribers were trebly deceived—first as to
the character of the security ; secondly, as to
the popular indorsement ; and thirdly, as to
the question of taxation, all of which decep-
tions had an object, and were intended to give
the impression that it was a United States
security.
But there is another reason still more con-
clusive why the United States must pay this
enormous debt, and why this rises from the
insignificance of a local matter into a national
question, involving many millions. The Board
of Works was created by Congress, was
appointed by the President, and is above
and beyond the reach or control of the people.
There is no authority over the members except
in the Executive of the United States, and
when this body thus established and organized
sets at defiance all restraints, and squanders
recklessly the money of the tax-payers of this
District, the power which called it into being
is bound in justice and propriety to make
good the loss thus caused.
Theprofits realized by thesyndicate werestill
higher than those made by the First National
Bank. They sold the loan abroad on these
false representations, and realized over one
hundred and four for it, and the total profits
to be divided among those interested, whoever
they might be, were $-126,920, which is doing
well for the opportunity presented. (Page
690.)
It may create surprise that the $4,000,000
loan, when _ submitted to the people, was
approved with such remarkable unanimity,
but this surprise will be lessened when the
methods taken to make it popular are consid-
ered. In the first place, every appliance at the
command of the Board of Works was used to
force voters to sustain it. The poor were threat-
ened and cajoled ; they were promised work
if they supported it and menaced with starva-
tion if they opposed it. Thousands of men
were placed on the pay-rolls just before elec-
tion day; voters were imported from neigh-
boring States, and the blacks were organized
into gangs, so much so that men of property
gave up the contest in despair and allowed it
to go by default. But besides all this the press
of the District was subsidized most shame-
lessly. Every paper, no matter how petty or
worthless, had a share of the spoils. Sheets
never heard of, even by newspaper men, re-
ceived thousands of dollars, and even the sole
Democratic organ was induced to betray its
principles. Thirty or forty thousand dollars
were paid to single papers, and the total ex-
penses for seven months for printing and
advertising was $143,035, the amount paid
for advertising alone being $109,955. This
far surpasses any act of the much-abused
Tammany Hall in this line, when the relative
circulation of the papers and wealth and pop-
ulation of the District are considered. To give
a specimen of the sort of papers thus encour-
aged, I will read the following from the testi-
mony verbatim,, the party giving it being the
editor himself:
"Question. How is the paper supported?
"Answer. By industry and hard labor.
"Question. In what way?
"Answer. By me.
"Question. Do you receive pay for advertising ?
"Answer. Certainly. .
"Question. That is the way in which it is supported ?
"Answer. Certainly; but that would not support
it. Its matter is peculiar; the circulation is larger
than four or five of the other papers here. I will
state that a person calling himself Morris has, I
understand, sworn before this committee that my
paper has the smallest circulation of any here. With
your permission I will correct him there. I will
state that he spoke either maliciously or ignorantly.
At all events, I do not know how influenced, but ho
was guilty of corrupt perjury; whether intentional
or not I cannot tell. It is known to the people of
this District that my paper is distributed by horse-
power, horses carrying the papers through the city;
consequently, notwithstanding this man swears in
the face of the citizens of "Washington, who know
the untruth of his statements, it is, as I state, a paper
having the largest circulation in this community,
and I repeat that he stands a perjurer in the face of
this entire community.
"Question. What are the terms of subscription
which you publish at the head of your paper?
"Answer. The statement is that 'the Times is
supplied to subscribers at one cent per annum, pay-
able at the end of the year; single copies gratuit-
ous/
"Question. Would you like to tell the committee
what your circulation is?
"Ansiver. Certainly; it varies. We have printed
about eight thousand oopies, that is. sixteen reams,
to the issue.
"Question. How frequently is it distributed?
"Answer. Weekly.
"Question. Was it published weekly during the
continuance of these advertisements?
" Answer. No. I broke my leg last winter; some
gentlemen laugh at the breaking of my leg, but they
would not like to have theirs broken. I was laidup
some four or five weeks, and during that time the
paper came out only monthly.
" Question. IIow long was that advertisement in
your paper altogether?
" Answer. Tbe loan was in three months.
" Question. How often was the paper published
while that was in ? _
"Answer. A portion of the time once a month,
and the remainder of the time, about a period of six
weeks, once a week.
" Question. Did you make a contractwith anybody
in advance as to publishing it?
" Answer. No, sir.
" Question. What are the terms upon which you
publish advertisements?
" Answer. Twenty cents a line.
" Question. Is that your ordinary price ?
"Answer. I c.ollect that from citizens almost
uniformly; that is the rate I was then charging
grocery dealers, merchants, and others.
*' Question. Who made tho arrangement with yon
to publish the advertisement?
"Answer. No person at all.
" Question. How came it then to be published in
your paper?
"Answer. I saw all the papers publishing these
long advertisements; I did not see from what
authority they came; I hesitated some time ; I saw
them being published in several of the papers with
not a tenth of my circulation, in some of them with
not a twelfth of mine, and I said to myself. a.s rny
paper reaches so many people, I think the District
government will very readily appreciate an adver-
tisement published in it. I therefore copied some
of the advertisements; they weie published hon-
estly and paid for readily. They wore not set up
as some of these papers set tliera up. with the type
leaded so as to increase thespacethey cover.
Question. AVhen youpublish ?uch advertisements
as that uo you not make some bargain in relerenco
to^them m advance?
" Anxwer. Certainly, as a rule, but this was a great
public lob, and I published the advertisement, be-
lieving I was better entitled to it than those who
were publishing it, and the Government very rightly
paid tho bills.
" Question, Was there no objection made to your
bms when you presented them?
' Ansroer. Not much; I think Secretary Stan!on
requested me to cut off some charge, which I did ;
but I would to-morrow publish the same matter over
again for the same price which I received.
Question. It paid pretty -well, then ?
Answer. It paid, as I have stated, $1,532.
Question. That paid you pretty wellfor the work,
did it not?
