3174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
1085) for the relief of P. O'Donnell; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1086) to change the location of the Rail-
road National Bank, of Lowell, Massachu-
setts, to the city of Boston, Massachusetts;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained,leave to introduce
a bill (S. No. 1087) for the relief of Thomas
B. Tutt & Co.; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
EQUAL RIGHTS IN SCHOOLS.
Mr. VICKERS. I offered an amendment
yesterday to the bill of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, which I desire to have printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maryland desires to have an amendment
which he offered yesterday to the pending Dis-
trict school bill ordered to be printed. The
Chair hears no objection, and it is so ordered.
Senate resolutions are now in order.
consideration of bills.
Mr. VICKERS. Mr. President, it must be
very unpleasant to any member of the Senate
to object to the consideration of private bills,
when it is asked almost as a special favor to
have them considered. In order to obviate
all difficulty I submit the following order, and
ask for its present consideration :
Ordered, That during the present session no bill
shall bo considered till afterthousuat morning busi-
ness shall havo been disposed of, and that no motion
to tako up bills shall bo ontortainod by tho Chair
until after tho morning business shall bo ondod.
Mr. BO REMAN. I objcct to that.
The VICE PRESIDED 1'. The resolution
lies over, objection being made to its present
consideration.
KIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask leave to offer an
amendment to the bill (II. R. No. 2208) making
appropriations for the repair, preservation,
and completion of certain public works on
rivers and harbors, and for other purposes.
The amendment is in line one hundred and
eight, page in the clause making appropria-
tions for tho improvement of Motiile bay and
harbor of Alabama, to strike out " $50,000"
and iusert ''$100,000."
The proposed amendment was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
SURVEY OF ISTHMUS Of DAItlKN,
Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
liennlvcd. That tho Secretary of tho Navy bo re-
quested to furnish tho Senate with Commander
bollridge's report and maps of tho survey of tho
Isthmus of Darion for an intoroooanio ship-canal.
order of business.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Senate resolu-
tions are still in order.
Mr. BLAIR. I desire, if the morning busi-
ness is concluded, to ask to take up a bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not con-
cluded until the Chair announces its conclu-
sion. [After a pause.] The morning business
is now concluded.
Mr. KELLOGG and others addressed the
Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Louisiana.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask that Senate bill No.
68 be now taken up. It is upon its passage.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the Senator from
Louisiana to allow me to make a motion that
will not take a moment.
Mr. KELLOGG. If theSenator will allow
me first to have this bill taken up, I will do
so.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Louisi-
ana, to take up what is known as the Louisiana
election bill.
The motion was agreed to.
potomac railroad depot.
Mr. CAMERON. I now move that House
bill No. 2187, to confirm the action of the
board of alderman and common council of
the city of Washington, designating a depot
site for the Baltimore and Potomac Railroad
Company, and for other purposes, be taken
up. I will state that I submit the motion
merely for the purpose of agreeing npon a
day when the Senate shall drncuss it, and I
do it after consultation with the Senator by
my side, [Mr. Morrill, of Vermont,] who is
opposed to the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The,Louisiana
election bill being before the Senate, the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania asks unanimous con-
sent that the bill in regard to the depot for the
Baltimore and Potomac railroad be taken up,
not for discussion now, but to fix some time
when it shall be discussed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think it
but fair that some day should be fixed when
that bill may be disposed of, and if the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania is disposed to fix it for
a day when it will not interfere with business
that is now pending, or immediately expected
to be pending, say next Tuesday, I shall make
no objection.
Mr. VICKERS. Tuesday will not suit me;
Wednesday will suit me. I shall not be in
the city on Tuesday.
Mr. CAMERON. I have been very good-
natured about this matter, and all I desire is
that, the Senate shall take it up at some time,
and enable us to dispose of it, and I will
agree now to the suggestion of the Senator
from Maryland, and say Wednesday next.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me that would
be entirely fair. If the Senator from Penn-
sylvania will consent to a day next week, I
think we ought all to unite in bringing the bill
forward at that time, for I agree with him it
ought to be disposed of, and I will unite in
that most cordially; but I do think that the
bill ought to go over until next week. There
are reasons why it should go over until then.
Mr. CAMERON. I will say Wednesday
next.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the biil alluded to by the Senator
from Pennsylvania in regard to the depot of
the Baltimore and Potomac Railroad Com-
pany will be assigned as a special order for
Wednesday next at twelve o'clock, subject to
the unfinished business, and the Chair at that
time will recognize the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, with the consent of the Senate, to
move to lay on the table whatever unfinished
business may then be pending so that a major-
ity of the Senate may, if they desire, go on
with the bill or may refuse to go on with it.
Is there objection to the proposition?
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia ? No; it
appears to be fair, and I agree to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection.
island of y'erba. buena.
Mr. STEWART. I ask the Senator from
Louisiana to give way for a moment. 1
should like to have House bill No. 1553, re-
lating to the Central Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, read a second time and referred. Its
second reading was objected to the other day.
Mr. KELLOGG. I will yield for that
purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the bill in regard to Goat Island being
read the second time and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad?
Mr. COLE. It will lead to some discussion.
Mr. BAYARD, lam aware that theSen-
ator from California on my left [Mr. Cas-
serly] desires to be in the Senate when that
motion is made.
Mr. STEWART. Then I will make the
motion immediately after the conclusion of
the pending bill.
elections in louisiana.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No!
58) to prescribe the time for holding the elec-
tion for electors of President and Vice Presi-
dent in the State of Louisiana, and for other
purposes. •
The VICE PRESIDENT. When the bill
was last under consideration, the Senate agreed
to an amendment reported by the Committee
on Privileges and Elections, striking out the
greater portion of the bill, and the Secretary
will report the bill as it now stands.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
That in tho State of Louisiana tho election of
Representatives to the Forty-Third Congress and
the appointment of electors of President and Vice
President for said State shall be on the first Monday
of November, in the year 1872; but thereafter such
elections and appointment shall be on the day desig-
nated by law for the other States.
Mr. SUMNER. I am not ready to say that
I am against this bill; indeed, I want to be for
it; but I confess a remark made by the Sen-
ator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] when it
was last up has at least drawn my attention to
the importance of the question. As I under-
stand it, it proposes to make the presidential
election in Louisiana on a day different from
that in other States. There may be a sufficient
reason for that, but it ought to be a strong
reason. I had supposed that when the elec-
tion was made uniform throughout the coun-
try we had reached an important point in the
administration of our Government. It seems
to me that the rule should not be departed
from except for cause. Now, I wish to know,
first, whether thero is sufficient cause for such
a departure; and, in the second place, I
should like to know whether, if there be sucli a
cause, a remedy cannot bo found in some
other way?
Mr. CARPENTER. The cause is that the
day for the election of presidential electors
is next to the day when there must be an elec-
tion under the Slate law, so that there must
be two elections on two consecutive days,
which of course will be expensive and incon-
venient. and result in a great portion of the
people not being present at both elections.
There can be no other remedy than this because
there is not time. I understand the day of
election in Louisiana is fixed by the consti-
tution of the State.
Mr. KELLOGG. Yes sir.
Mr. CARPENTER. There is not, of course,
time to amend their constitution for the pur-
pose of reaching that election. This bill is
therefore to cure the inconvenience for this
one election. It is very easy to see that where
you are to have the whole people of a State
out at an election on Monday you will hardly
get them all out at an election on the next day,
Tuesday. It would be far better if there was a
month intervening ; but if these elections occur
on consecutive days, it will be a great hardship
and inconvenience. This bill only makes the
change for one year, and after that they must
change their State constitution.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, by the con-
stitution of Louisiana, the State election is to
be held on the first Monday of November. _ It
seems to have been a mistake in engrossing
the constitution, it was intended to make it
on the first Tuesday of November, the day
that the presidential election was to be held
by law, but it is put on Monday, and that can-
not be changed. By the law a congressional
election is to be held on the same day with the
State election. As stated by the Senator from
Wisconsin, the presidential election coming
on the next day after the State and congres-
sional election, it will be a great hardship,
requiring two days instead of one, taking two
days from labor where it should take but one,
and many poor-people who have to travel some
distance will perhaps be unable to attend both
