486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
ator will do as lie pleases in reference to that.
For myself, I did not propose to object to the
Senator from Kentucky making his speech,
because it is an indulgence which has been
extended to several other Senators, and I did
not wish to discriminate, as far as I was con-
cerned, between the different members of the
body. But it seems to me that we are falling
into a very unfortunate practice at one o'clock
each day of calling up some resolution, and
laying aside the regular business, to hear a
set speech upon that resolution. However, I
do not propose to make the objection here.
I was in hopes that the Senator from Ken-
tucky would not ask to postpone this measure,
bat merely to pass it by informally.
Mr. MORTON. I shall not object to the
Senator from Kentucky making his speech,
nor to the adoption of the motion which he
has made; but if the present order of busi-
ness is passed by informally, it will then be
in the power of any Senator to cut off further
debate or any proposition to amend his reso-
lution as soon as he shall have concluded his
speech. We do not propose to have it takeu
up in that way. We are willing that he shall
take it up, and shall make his speech, but we
propose to have it in such a situation that
others may speak or may move to amend.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. When I address
the Senate, particularly recently, I do so en-
tirely from a sense of my own duty, and for
the simple purpose of expressing my thoughts
and my feelings—for no other purpose. I
merely want that opportunity at the present
time. I am now ready to proceed with my
speech, and all that I feel any personal interest
in, is that I have the opportunity of making
it. I care not what becomes of the subject, or
what disposition the Senate may make ot' it
afterward ; but I am now ready to make what
remarks I have to make to the Senate, which,
I suppose, will occupy something like an hour.
It is my purpose to make this speech at some
time, if I can possibly command the oppor-
tunity. It will take no longer time to make it
now ihan on any other day, and I think that
Senators, especially those who have been in-
dulged by the Senate in appointments to make
their particular speechesupon favorite subjects,
and who have made them at any length they
chose, might as well consent to hear my speech
now as at any other time. I therefore trust
that the motion which I have made will be
accepted by the Senate with the avowal that
when I have made my remarks, so far as I am
concerned, the Senate may make what dispo-
sition itpleases of the subject.
Mr. SUMNElt. 1 am reluctant to interfere
in any way with what are understood to be the
courtesies of this Chamber, i do not foiget
that the Senator from Kentucky some days
ago gave notice of his purpose to address the
Senate to-day. I supposed that if he did, it
would be as other Senators had spoken during
the last week or fortnight while the other
measure was pending, simply by putting that
aside informally, so that that great measure
might not lose its place before the Senate. 1
confess my reluctance to consent to any other
arrangement. Tt does not seem to me that the
great measure of amnesty and of equal rights
ought to give way to anything. It is first and
foremost, intrinsically so, above every other
question that can be presented.
But again I say I would not interfere with
the courtesies of this body. I would not de-
prive the Senator of his hearing, of his day in
this court, which he asks; but I do think that
it ought to be according to our proceedings
during the last week and fortnight on this very
measure, by unanimous consent; and I do not
doubt that the same unanimous consent would
be cheerfully accorded to the Senator from
New York, [Mr. Conklino,] or the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] or any other
Senator who should wish to follow the Senator
from Kentucky. By all the usages of the
Chamber, it would be their title.
Now, I would submit that we do as we have
done in other cases, allow the pending order
to be put aside informally, and let the Senator
from Kentucky proceed, and if any other Sen-
ator wishes to amend his resolution or to make
remarks upon it, of course he will be entitled
to that indulgence by a higher law than the
rules of this Chamber—that is, by fairness,
equity, courtesy. I hope, therefore, that Sen-
ators who insist upon another rule will with-
draw their objection and allow the Senator
from Kentucky to proceed by unanimous con-
sent, putting aside the pending order inform-
ally.
Mr. CONKLING. I would remind the hon-
orable Senate!- from Massachusetts that if he
be right in saying that a higher law than the
rules, the law of courtesy, will give to all of
us an opportunity to amend and speak to this
resolution who wish to do so, precisely the
same time will be occupied in that way as will
be consumed if we allow it regularly to displace
the pending question. The honorable Senator
will see that we can neither gain nor lose a
moment by a choice between the methods, if
he is right in supposing that all members of
the body would accord to all others by com-
mon consent the privilege of debating this
resolution, and the right of offering amend-
ments; and, as my friend from Indiana [Mr.
Moiiton] reminds me, should the debate upon
this resolution become prolix, unnecessary, or
go to that sxtreme which would lead the Sen-
ator or anybody else to interpose, there will
be no difficulty, by motion, in resuming the
consideiation of the amnesty bill.
Mr. SUMNER. May I interrupt the Sen-
ator just there?
Mr. CONKLING. _ Certainly.
Mr. SOMNBli. If there can be an under-
standing that when the resolution of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky is disposed of one way or
the other the amnesty bill shall be taken up
by general consent, I shall have no objection.
Mr. CONKLING. I have no objection to
that. On the contrary, I shall be happy to
cooperate with the Senator.
Now. while I am up, I beg to sayone thing,
for really I should consider it a present calam-
ity if I were placed in the position of being
wanting in courtesy. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts says, why not allow the Senator
from Kentucky to proceed as other Senators
have done? So I want him to proceed as I
was allowed to proceed the other day in this
Chamber, when I selected a vacant day over
which the Senator from Massachusetts had
moved the amnesty bill, and selecting that
vacant day, moved, as the Senator from Ken-
tucky has now moved, to take up by a vote of
the Senate a resolution to which I wished to
speak. The resolution was taken up; thohon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts had his
right to speak to it; and his colleague moved
to postpone it to another day. Therefore I can
say for myself that I have asked 110 indulgence
of the Senate in any other case to wnich I
object now.
I say, however, Mr. President, and I am
very frank to say, that in my judgment, as far
as the east is from the west, so is such a res-
olution us this iar from the ordinary resolu-
tions which Senators are indulged in taking
tip at hap-bazard for the purpose of submit-
ting thei r remarks. Therefore, even if it were
the. ordinary mode of transacting business
here, even had I myself been recently indulged,
as I have not been, in laying aside an import-
ant measure informally and taking np another
measure which would be subject to the instant
displacement of any Senator who demanded
it, I should feel that in this case no such court-
esy as that, ought to prevail. Here is a reso-
lution which I shall offend nobody by denom-
inating a very extraordinary resolution. It,
would not be in order for me at this moment
to Slate why I deem it extraordinary, nor how
unusual I deem it. It is not within the ordin-
ary category of resolutions offered by Sen-
ators for the purpose of presenting remarks
upon them ; and I shall submit to the Senate,
when I am in order in doing so, that this res-
olution having once been taken up should be
faced by the Senate, not avoided, but should
be disposed of upon its very truth and merits ;
that we owe that to ourselves and we owe it to
the American name. This is not the time to
discuss that.
I say, therefore, that looking to what we
have done at this session, looking to the con-
venience of everybody concerned and to court-
esy as well, the suggestion last made by the
Senator from Massachusetts covers the whole
ground. Let the Senator from Kentucky pre-
vail in his motion; let his resoluiion become
the rpgular order before the Senate, and, as
the Senator from Massachusetts says—I bor-
row his suggestion—as soon as it is disposed
of, let us all understand—though I am sure
an understanding is not necessary on that
point—that we will follow the Senator and be
his coadjutors in resuming at once the con-
sideration of the amnesty bill. If, on the con-
trary, the amnesty bill is so urgent, if it presses
so that we ought not to trip its feet by any
intervening business, then I stand upon my
objection, and I trust I shall not be charged
with discourtesy, and I insist that this reso-
lution must wait and abide that time when I,
too, may have my day in court, as the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts says, and
when a majority of the Senate may have the
power to persist in its consideration until a
vote is recorded showing the judgment of the
American Senate upon the merits and pro-
priety of such a resolution.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I ask leave to
add one word. I concede that this resolution
is a very extraordinary resolution ; but I insist
that its subject and the occasion are very
extraordinary, too, and amply sufficient to
justify the resolution. At least they are so in
my judgment; and I decide questions of pro-
priety for myself.
Mr. President, when I reached this city at
the beginning of the present session I found
the Senate in the midst of a debate upon the
proposition to raise a committee 011 investiga-
tion and retrenchment. 1 listened silently to
that debate, and I heard the honorable Senator
from New York, who has just taken his seat,
express himself thus in reply to the Senator
from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard:]
"Mr. Conkling. I heg my honorable friend to
hear me express my surprise that ho should make
such a declaration as that inregard to me. I beg to
put him right on that subject, and to say lo him that
it is new to my apprehension that when a Senator
oners a resolution directing inquiry to be made in
some flagrant case, that implies that there bethinks
investigation should stop; in other words, having
nominated one case which should be investigated
ho thereby implies that no other case should be."
That was on the subject of a resolution
offered by the honorable Senator himself.
" Now, I wish, once for all, to commit myself to my
friend and to his friends in this Chamber, by saying
that as often as he or any other member of the body
will propose any investigation, aimed at either in-
dividuals or officials, or it that is asking a responsi-
bility to be assumed which may be. regarded as dis-
agreeable, whenever any one will point out any
field,will designateany branch of the public service,
any matter or thing wbieh he desires to be investi-
gated, i will go with him to the very verge and vote
lorthe mostradical,sweeping, and searching investi-
gation which he knows how to contrive. There-
tore, X beg my honorable friend never to supposeof
meagam, when I offer a resolution directing that
an investigation be had of an instance in which ono
culprit has appeared and in which there may be
others behind, that I thereby intend in any way to
indicate that other investigations ought not to occur,
and that 1 will not vote for them cheerfully."
lhe honorable Senator, after awhile, added :
. . For myself, as I am upon this point, and my
mend from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe J is witness to
what lam going to day, I beg to make this remark:
on the first morning whon this committee w.is pro-
posed 1 myself drew up a resolution, which I have
in my de>k now, and showed it to Senators, propos-
ing to otter it, raising a committee of tbis body,
deeming a joint committee objectionable, with the
amplest powers, and directing them to investigate,
lhatwas before the debate at all. Therefore the
ben ator can readily see that X was never opposed to
this. 1 was opposed, in the instance to which the
