1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4071
the rest of the time engaged in the foreign
trade, because it is more profitable.
Mr. President, this is a vicious thing that you
are doing. You are voting money out of your
Treasury without any conceivable considera-
tion. I regret to see it done. I hope that the
amendment of the Senator from Pennsylvania
will prevail, and that we shall at least stop
that, part of this bonus being paid.
Mr. SCOT I1. I usually defer to the opinious
of the Senator from Maine upon questions of
this character, and I have listened to his sug-
gestions ; but I have offered this amendment
for this reason: it strikes me that the case
which he presents is an exceptional case which
ought to be provided for, whereas the language
of the statute as it is now proposed to be
passed permits these vessels to engage in the
coastwise trade as a business. It is true that
if a vessel were to take cargo at Boston and go
to Calcutta, upon her return she may put in at
another port where she could instantly take a
cargo to her home port, and thus engage for
that time in the coastwise trade. But that
does not meet the case of a vessel which under
this law might start from Boston and run to
Charleston or to Norfolk and run back again
to Boston, or from Charleston to New Orleans,
and so put in the whole three months in the
coastwise trade.
This permission would thus authorize that
vessel which is built under these advantages
to come in competition with the vessels which
have not had these advantages, and thus they
would be enabled to take away the trade by
running al lower rates of freight if they obtain
these advantages than the vessels heretofore
built could atfoid to carry it.
The consequence is that it puts upon the
coastwise trade for three months in the year
vessels which will come into competition with
tho e that are there now. If the language
were such as to confine this exception to sueh
cases as the Senator from Maine has instanced,
to permit a vessel bound to a foreign port to
take a cargo at a home port on her way back,
there would be less objection to it; lint I can
see that the section as it is now framed will
permit the very thing to which I have referred,
and these vessels come in competition with!he
other vessels which now have a monopoly of
thisbusiness.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President, I have
listened to the remarks of the Senator from
Michigan, and I confess to a belief in every
word that he has uttered. I am assured that
if this section is permitted to pass ihe effect
will be perhaps to increase the building of your
slnps for sale, but otherwise it will have just
the eift-ct that he contemplates; it will injure
every vessel engaged in the coastwise trade.
Mr. President, all the ships that you build
or permit to be built under this diminished
price are permitted to sail tor three months in
the year in your coastwise traffic. These three
months are the most profitable months in Ibe
whole year. It takes the time when your cot-
ton crop is in transitu, and the vessels that
are now engaged in that business will come in
coiTipeii'ion with vessels cofting one half of
tl tir ptice and permitted to run at one half
ti ? cost. It seems to me that whatever the
Anifican Government puts its hands upon it
d-stioys; and if I had anything that I wished
to destroy the first thing that 1 would do would
bo to direct the attention of the American
Government to it, and1 I should feel assured
that in a short space of time there would be
nothing of it letfc; it would be ruined and
dr.st; oyod.
Now, sir, whether you know it or not, the
coastwise traffic of this country is in almost
the situation that your foreign commerce is in.
It holds its own barely ; it.pays no profit; and
it you now bring these two elements into com-
ppniian with it, can it hold its own? No, sir,
'J he Senator from Michigan, with whom I sel-
dom agree, I agree with to-day. He is cer-
tainly right ou this question. The American
Senate, by consenting to do this deed, will
strike a blow at the only remaining thing we
have on the ocean, and that is our coastwise
traffic. I speak advisedly ; I speak from a
comprehension of this subject. I know of
what I speak.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My honorable
friend from Michigan will pardon me for say-
ing that I hardly see the occasiou for the heat
displayed in the remarks he has seen fit to
address to the Senate. He says this is to take
$10,000,000 out of the Treasury of the United
States. If my honorable fiiend had glanced
at the section, he would have seen that it
proposes no such thing. It allows persons
who are engaged in ship building to import
foreign materials in bond. That is all. What
does the honorable Senator propose in his bill ?
Let us look. The first proposition is that to
those who put in foreign materials "there
shall be allowed and paid by the Secretary
of the Treasury, under such regulations as
he may prescribe, a drawback equal to the
duties," &c.
Now, sir, if the proposition of the Commit-
tee on Finance is obnoxious to the comment
of the honorable Senator, what do you say of
that proposition of the Senator himself, wiich
allows the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
out of the Treasury an amount equal to the
drawback ?
Air. CHANDLER. What difference does
it, make whether the money has gone into the
Treasury and is taken out or never goes in?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Well, suppose
there is no difference, where then does the geu-
tleinan stand in his assault on this proposition ?
Does the honorable Senator think it is allow-
able to make a proposition himself which he
condemns in another?
Mr. CHANDLER. That was confined ex-
clusively to the foreign trade. There is the
point.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. So is this with
the exception- upon which the Senate has
passed. But that is not all. Let us look and
see whether these apprehensions of the hon-
orable Senator are justifiable, especially in the
tone in which he addresses the Senate. His
bill goes on to provide:
Provided, That where American material is used
in the construction of such vessels there shall be
allowed and paid—
Out of the Treasury, of course—
as aforesaid, an amount equivalent to the duties
imposed on similar materials and articles of foreign
manufacture when imported.
There is $20,000,000 possibly I I only stop
to say that when the honorable Senator has
committed himself to that principle, and to
that principle twofold, both on foreign and
domestic materials, it ill becomes him to stand
here and criticise in the manner he has seen
fit to do a proposition qualified in every
respect by the Committee on Finance.
Now, one word as to the coastwise trade
and I have done. This is a poposition to
strike out that provision of this section which
authorizes the ships engaged in foreign trade,
which are of a large class, to engage in the
coastwise trade not exceeding three months in
each year. The utility of that I will state in a
word. A11 these ships are built in the North ;
they go down South to get their freight, say
of cotton. Will you require that they shall
go in ballast, or will you allow them to take
a cargo? That is that precise question, and
that is the necessity for the provision. They
go to Europe, possibiy to Asia. They come
back with a freight. Where do they go? They
come back to New Orleans, to Mobile, to Wil-
mington, to Baltimore, to Philadelphia, pos-
sibly to New York. When they have discharged
their cargo, where are they bound ? They want
to go home for repairs. Shall they go in ballast
or will you allow them to take a freight? That
is precisely the question. It is a very small
matter for the nation at large ; it is a very large
concern to those who are engaged in the busi-
ness. And so you will perceive that while
they are engaged in the foreign trade, while
they are built for the foreign trade, and their
business is the foreign trade, this section
provides as a matter of economy 
Air. HAMLIN. Will iny colleague allow
me to make a suggestion to him right there?
Mr. MORRILL, of Alaine. Certainly.
Air. HAAIUN. These are a class of ships
that never have, never will, and never can
enter into the general coasting trade.
Air. MORRILL, of Alaine. Certainly. I
had remarked that these ships are built for the
foreign trude; they are used to the foreign
trade; they are suited to it; they are not suited
to the coastwise trade, and therefore this ser-
vice will always be exceptional, and hence not
dangerous.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to have
the yeas and nays on that proposition. I should
like to record my vote against any such vicious
scheme as that.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 37 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Clayton,
Cooper, Ferry of Michigan, Harlan, Scott, Sprague.
Thurman, and Vickers—10.
NAl'S — Messrs. Alcorn, Ame?, Bayard, Blair,
Boreman, Caldwell, Casserly, Cole, Conkling. Cor-
bett, Cracin, Kenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Uold-
thwaite, UatHilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly, Logan, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Alorton, Nor-
wood, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt Sawyer, Sherman,
Stevenson, Stewart, Stockton, Trumbull, West,
Windom, and Wright—37.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony. Brownlow. Buck-
ingham, Carpenter, Davis ol Kentucky. Davis of
West Virginia, Edmunds, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen,
Gilbert, Hill. Howe, Kellogg, Lewis, Nye, Osborn,
Patterson, Ramsey, Ransom, Rice, Robertson,
Saulsbury. Seliurz, Sponeer, Sumner, Tipton, and
Wilson—27.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment made as in.
Committee of the Whole, to strike out "ship
stores or."
Air. THURAIAN. Before that is done, as
unanimous consent was given before to offer
an amendment to the body of the section, I
hope the same consent will be given to an
amendment which I wish to offer. I move to
amend by inserting after the word "trade," in
the seventh line of the section, the words "by-
way of Cape Horn." I voted against the
amendment offered by the Senator from Alieh-
igan to strike out the .sixth, seventh, and
eighth lines of the section. That struck out
the words " including the trade between the
Atlantic and Pacific ports of the United
States." lam satisfied with that vote; but
if those words are left without any amendment
they probably will include vessels sailing
between New York and Aspinwali, and I do
not think that would be right. I do not think
it would be right to put vessels sailing between
New York and Aspinwali on any better foot-
ing than vessels sailing between New York
and New Orleans, or New York and Galves-
ton. I therefore propose to limit this priv-
ilege to vessels sailing from Atlantic to Pacific
ports, or Pacific to Atlantic ports by way of
Cape Horn, and for that purpose to insert
after the word "trade," in line seven, the
words "by way of Cape Horn."
Air. COLE. Galveston is one of our own
ports ; Aspinwali is a foreign port.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. No objec-
tion being interposed, the Chair will entertain
the amendment, of the Senator from Ohio.
Air. CORBETT. I think there is no neces-
sity for the amendment, but I do not think
there is much objection to it.
Mr. CASSERLY. There is objection. It
is in entire contradiction of all that part of the
section. The Senator from Ohio thinks that
as the trade between New York and Galveston
is a coasting trade, so it is between New York
and Aspinwali. There is not any similarity
