1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1388
and at whose fountains they can drink with-
out question a3 to the sky under which they
were born, or the soil in which their ancestors
are buried. The republic of letters, in its
glories and in its blessings, knows neither lati-
tude nor longitude. Its citizens embrace all
races and tongues, and its domain is the uni-
verse. Has even the madness of partisan pre-
judice ever suggested, as a punishment for
treason, the destruction of the schools and
seminaries of the South ? In all the sugges-
tions of human passion and in the long cata-
logue of human tortures, we have escaped this.
The liberty and institutions of this nation
rest not upon the ignorance but upon the
intelligence and virtue of her citizens;
and this intelligence and virtue depend for
growth and strength very largely upon State
and Federal recognition and support of the
schools and colleges of the country. Vice
and crime and misery hold carnival where the
school and the church are unknown. Then,
who suffers most by the burning of colleges?
Whose loss is heaviest by the destruction of
greatand useful seats of learning, where science
has flourished for ages and shed upon the earth
a light as soft and sweet as the stars? The
State, the nation, humanity. It maybe that the
passage of this bill will give useful employment
to the talent and culture of men whose sympa-
thies were against the nation in its struggle for
life, but this result should not trouble gentle-
men who secured the appointment of General
Longstreet to a profitable Federal office at
New Orleans, and who for a long time past
have delighted to receive their interpretations
of the Constitution and laws of the country
from an Attorney General who, in the hour
when the Constitution was on perilous trial,
drew his sword to stab it in the heart.
The benefits arising from the passage of this
bill will be limited to no State or section. In
after times the young seeker of knowledge and
lover of the Father of his Country, whether he
come from Plymouth rock or the golden
shores of the Pacific, or the softer air of the
snnny South, will meet in this college, the seed
for whose planting was sent by king and queen
across the sea, a welcome reception and a
Christian home. From it will go forth influ-
ences to gladden and bless the land, and that
will lift our people to a truer appreciation of
the common brotherhood of us all.
I put forth no legal claim against the Gov-
ernment in behalf of this college ; hut I appeal
from the letter of the law to the spirit of the
age and to the Christian civilization of the
world. Here was an institution endowed for
educational purposes ; it had for its parents a
king and queen; but when the struggle for
liberty came, it remembered not its royal an-
cestry, but lifted the standard of the colonies,
thus losing its endowment, and gave to the
Revolution many of its patriot leaders. It
gfew in usefulness and the love of the country
until 1861, when, by reason of its location in
a State engaged in the rebellion it closed
its doors; and the college remained closed,
except as it was used by the military, until
September, 1862, when it was wantonly burned
by Federal soldiers.
It occupied territory that was treated by
President Lincoln as within the Union, and
was so recognized by Congress by the admis-
sion of Hon. Joseph Segar as its Representa-
tive on this floor in 1862-63. Now, suppose
our soldiers during the war, under precisely
similar circumstances, had burned the build-
ings of Princeton or Yale, would the moral
obligation of the Government to repair the
loss be any greater in that case than it is in
this? The appeal in either case must be, not
to the nation's courts of law, but to the higher
court of the nation's conscience and heart.
And to this court I leave the fate of this bill,
believing that the love of learning and virtue
is the purest devotion to my country and
liberty.
The roar of battle has long since died away.
Flowers have bloomed and faded, and bloomed
again, upon the quiet graves of those who
went down in its terrific shock. The storm is
over, the clouds are fading, and shall not the
rainbow appear ? I would crush rebellion by
force and arms; I would establish, beyond
further assault os cavil, the integrity of the
Government; I would pay its debt to the last
dollar; I would hold sacred the pensions of
our soldiers, their widows and orphans; but
having done these, and all these, I would have
the nation add to the luster of its name in war,
the sweeter light of charity in peace. I would
raise from its ruins this venerable institution,
and let it live forever as the noblest expression
of America's homage to the cause of learning.
I would lay its foundations broader and deeper,
that when generations yet unborn shall wor-
ship at its shrine, they shall be taught by this
beautiful exhibition of the nation's charity its
matchless power in arms and its matchless
generosity in peace.
Mr. SNAPP. Mr. Speaker, I have con-
sented to yield three minutes to the gentleman
from Texas, [Mr. Clark,] who is very anxious
to be heard for a few minutes.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I
desire to take the floor during the time of the
gentleman from Illinois merely to make a few
remarks in answer to my friend from Kentucky
[Mr. Beck] and my colleague from Texas,
[Mr. Hakcock. ] My friend from Kentucky is
out of the-House, my colleague still remains;
and what I have to say is simply to reiterate
what I said in my remarks regarding the
charges made against the Governor of my
State. When the time comes, and it will come,
and, Mr. Speaker, it shall come, when I stand
here to vindicate my Governor and the Radical
party in my State against the aspersions of any
member, I will bring "proof strong as Holy
Writ" to vindicate every word that I have said
upon this floor.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I know too well what
opposition I am to have from my colleague
from the fourth district, [Mr. Hancock,] and
my colleague from the first district, [Mr. Hebn-
don,] and from the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Beck;] but I warn them here and now
that for myself I stand here on this floor until
I have vindicated for all time to come the con-
duet of my Governor and the administration
of my State.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from the fourth
district [Mr. Hancock] read the names of
some persons who were connected with the
tax-payers' convention in my State. What he
has said about them personally I do not under-
take to challenge here. I want to remind him,
however, that when I made my statement here
with regard to the tax-payers' convention I
excepted five gentlemen out of the twenty-one
who made a minority report to the Ku Klux
Committee, and he smoothed over those five
names quietly, and when he came to them he
did not say one word about them ; and when
he comes to arraign before this House the
conduct of my party in my State, and that tax-
payers' convention, I want to tell him that I
will be here to meet him or any other man. I
know that from a private soldier, with my
musket on my shoulder, I fought my way to
the grand Empire State of Texas, of which I
am now an honored Representative, and I
tell this House, I tell my colleagues and the
gentleman from Kentucky, that I intend to
maintain the integrity and the honor of my
party in my State so long as God gives me a
voice upon this floor.
Mr. Speaker, I do not mean to trespass long
upon the time of my friend from Illinois, [Mr.
Snapp,] but since I said this morning that I
intended to go back to Texas and take testi-
mony iu my case, I have found that I can take
better testimony here. And I tell my col-
leagues, and I tell my good friend from Ken-
tucky, that I will meet them here when the
Ku Klux bill comes up for consideration; and
if I cannot, with the proofs before me, vin-
dicate the action of my party and my Gov
ernor in my State, in doing what they -have
done for me and for others like me, " the boys
in blue," I will make my bow to the Speaker
of this House, and go out of this Congress with-
out a single word;
republican and democratic parties.
Mr. SNAPP. Mr. Speaker, it is so late
that I had about made up my mind not to
say anything to-day. But after the attack by
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lamison] upon
the Administration and the Republican party
I am unwilling that his speech should go into
the Globe and be sent all over the country
without placing by the side of it the record of
the two parties. Therefore, I shall be obliged
to detain the House for a short time.
Mr. Speaker, we are living in a'c extraordinary
age, an age of wonders. Although many years
have elapsed since the fathers of the Revolution
lived, they never in their wildest imaginations
of the future dreamed of this day. They had
no conception that in the nineteenth century
the inhabitants of America would communi-
cate with the people of the Old World within
the space of a few seconds. Had such a thing
been predicted in their time the prophet would
have been regarded by our forefathers as of
unsound mind and not a safe fellow to be at
large. And had they been told that before the
close of the middle of the nineteenth century
even the Atlantic would be crossed in ten days
instead of its taking three months, they would
equally have regarded the prediction as eman-
ating from an unsound brain. And had our
forefathers been told that instead of cutting
grain by the hand with a knife, within the same
period of time the same hand would with a
pair of horses cut from ten to twenty acres in
a day, they would have regarded the predic-
tion equally as one of the stories of the Ara-
bian Nights' Entertainments. .
Mr. Speaker, we are truly living in a remark-
able and startling age. Scientific discoveries
outstrip the conception of the wildest imagina-
tion. One invention follows another with such
rapidity as to almost bewilder the brain. It
has even been discovered in the nineteenth
century that "a man's a man for a' that—
for a' that.''
In the beginning of this century slavery was
the rule in the United States. To hold one's
fellow-man in bondage was lawful all over the
States. The institution of human slavery in
ahout all the States of the Union was not only
permitted, but it was upheld and defended by
the law of the land, and from a handful.as
it were, the institution grew and grew until it
overshadowed every other interest. From a
few thousand the number of men, women, and
children held as slaves increased to millions.
Weil, in this nineteenth century, the mir-
acle has been performed of wiping out hu-
man slavery and planting every slave upon
his feet a free man. Slavery is abolished, and
the world still moves, the Union still stands!
How astonishing that liberty should prevail in
free America and the sun and moon not stand
still I Instead of slavery having become the
"chief corner-stone" of the American Repub-
lic, as Stephens infamously proclaimed that it
would be, the chief corner-stone of the Re-
public is liberty. Thank God and the Ameri-
can soldier for this!
Mr. Speaker, the past shows to us very
clearly that this world was destined by the
Almighty to be a world of terrible activity.
It seems, yea, it is a fact, that two great forces
have been and are at work in this world, and
these forces are right and wrong; and this leads
to conflict. Men are not entirely machines;
but the human family was placed here to work
out the great problem of human destiny. We
are not machines, simply because there is alaw
I of right which the Almighty in the beginning
! established for man's guide. This being ad-
I mitted, it follows of course that in every
1 violation of such law there must necessarily
