2280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
grant it was to cease and determine at the time
therein mentioned.
But next year a bill was passed through
both Houses of Congress before the 1st day
of .March, 1833, but was not approved until
the 2d day of March. That act will be found
on page 93 of the Laws of the District of Co-
lumbia, published in 1868. It will be seen
that by that act the Government reclaimed
and resumed the whole of this grant, and
instead paid $150,000 m ready money, and by
the terms of this act the city of Washington
were to redced to the United States all that
had been granted to them by the act of 1832.
Here is a double title. In the first place the
Government of the United States gave the
land upon certain conditions, and it was to cease
ana determine provided these conditions-pre-
cedent were not. performed. Those conditions-
precedent were not peifoimed, and of course
the title reverted again to us. In addition to
that we purchased our peace. We rebought
this land and paid §150,000 in cash for it. It
is true that a small portion of these low lands
lying on B and Sixth streets, where a few old
buildings were erected at the time for the pur-
pose of landing coal, lumber, &c., have been
used and occupied, and I understand the city
have collected some rents thereon, but they
were merely permitted by sufferance. When-
ever the United States choose to resume their
title, of course they have as much claim to
that land as they ever had, but those buildings
cover only a small portion of this tract.
If Senators wish to see exactly what this
biil will do, I have a map here showing pre-
cisely where this land is. It is eight hundred
and two feet m length by one hundred and
fifty in width of laud, cutting out a square
chunk of land on Sixth and B streets, amount-
ing to 1^0,300 feet, which this District govern-
ment have proposed to give to this cotupauy
absolutely, without any consideration what-
ever. I am told, and as a reader of the pub-
lic prints of course L know, it was stated by
the president of this road that the city gov-
ernment, with their usual lavish generosity,
proposed to give this company $500,000 if
they would come in here, and that this land
was givfcn instead or aa an equivalent. This
is exceedingly generous, for the city of Wash-
ington to liquidate and pay their $500,000 so
promptly by giving away property not their
own, but which belongs to the United Statesl
Mr. President, I know that I come in con-
flict with my distinguished friend lrom Penn-
sylvania [Air. Cam kit on] in relation to tins
matter, and there is no man in the Senate with
whom I so much dread a conflict. His age
and experience, his long and distinguished
services to the country, both at home and
abroad, make him a power here, and forbid
that 1 should do anything, if it was possible
to avoid it, that wouid come in conflict with
his views. But, sir. I deem it my imperative
duty to show that there is at least one Senator
here who can stickle and stand for the rights
of the United States against all comers. How
would it redound to the credit of my friend
from Pennsylvania, who has an ample, fortune,
and does not desire to add anything to it or to
the profits of a company in which he may or
may not, be an interested stockholder, to have
it said that he, as Secretary of War, had con-
tributed largely to save the capital and all
its surroundings from the ravages of the recent
war, and yet as among his last crowning acts
was willing to surrender its choicest parts to
the grasp of a selfish corporation? 1 do not
think he will desire to place himself in any
such attitude. I know that his good sense
revolts at the idea. He is as much the friend
of carrying out the original plan of the city as
I or any other Senator.
When the original charter of this road came
before us two or ihree years ago, at my sug-
gestion it was delayed until I could see whether
it would conflict with any interest belonging to
the United States, whether it interfered at all
with the public grounds, and I learned then
from the parties in interest that they had no
purpose whatever to trench upon the public
grounds in front of the Capitol; that they were
entirely satisfied with the charter then ob-
tained for depots on Virginia avenue; and I
then very readily consented that the bill should
pass ; I did not desire to interfere at all; and
I know that the Senator from Pennsylvania
has always been as anxious as I have been to'
promote the interests of the capital of the
country.
Mr. President, it has often been charged that
while the American people had an aptitude
for science and for aesthetic culture, yet we
had no taste for either; that we preferred the
"almighty dollar" to anything else; but it
has never been charged that we were not able
to appreciate the beauties of aatuie. There
is not an xVmerican living who does not feel
his heart stir with pride when the great aud mag-
nificent features of our country are alluded
to—its mountains and prairies; its lakes and
rivers; or when Niagara falls andthe Yosemite
valley are spoken of. Why, sir, even Jefferson,
as cold a philosopher as he was, said that to
see the junction of the Shenandoah and the
Potomac was worth a voyage across the
Atlantic. Now, sir, shall it be said that we are
willing to wholly ignore the natural beauties
of the landscape around this capital—a capital
selected and these grounds specially conse-
crated to this very purpose from 1791 by George
Washington, a man who was as conversant
with the natural beauties and features of the
whole country as any man that existed in that
day ? Shall we say that we are entirely inno-
cent of any pride as to the manner in which
our public grounds shall be taken care of, after
having expended millions upon millions, and
put up a Capitol at least equal, if it does not
surpass in its grandeur and proportions any
capitol of any civilized nation?
There is another point in this case. I
doubt very much whether we can approve of
this act of the territorial Legislature so as to
make it valid. There were certain conditions
that were annexed when these lands were re-
ceived by us that must be complied with, and
let me quote from the conditions annexed by
Maryland. It will be found that in the act
of cession passed by Maryland, December 23,
1788, the following clause is put in;
" That ail the squares, lots, picces, and parcels of
land within tho said city, which have been or shall
bo appropriated for the use of the United States, and
alao tlio streets, shall remain and be for the use of
the United States."
Can we pervert them to the uses of a rail-
road? I am disposed to deny it. They must
be kept for the use of the United States. I
am told that there are further provisions in
the private grants in relation to this matter
that are even more restrictive.
But, sir, I do not desire to consume the
time of the Senate on this question. 1 merely
desire that the Senate shall take such action
as may be fit aud proper. 1 do not wish to
rob my fiiend, the chairman of the Committee
on the District of Columbia, of any business
that really belongs to that committee. I know
it will be said it was referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia in the House;
but it will be seen that that committee was
entirely innocent, so far as the record appears,
of any kuowlcdge that the business belonged
to any other committee. The question was
not-even raised; and if Senators will look and
see how that committee managed—I do not
mean to insinuate by any means that the com-
mittee of the Senate would conduct the bill as
it was conducted by the Committee on the
District of Columbia of the House; but if
they will note how it was managed by that
committee, I am sure the Senate ot the United
States would not wish to repeat such kind of
management or follow such an example.
Why, sir, they would not even permit a
single amendment—I have them here, as sug-
gested, by almost half a score—until, after fili-
bustering for several days, by way of compro-
mise they agreed to allow one or two to be
offered ; but none were offered. They would
not allow a single hour of discussion except
under the previous question. Do we want a
bill to be handled in that way? They would
not permit any ameudnient to be inserted by
which the public grounds could be any fur-
ther guarded than they were in the original
biil as first drafted. They would not permit
any amendment to be put in by which any
compensation for this valuable parcel of land
could be demanded of this road.
Now, Mr. President, lam entirely friendly
to this road. I desire to give them all the
accommodations they need. I think this busi-
ness ought to be accommodated. 1 believe if
the bill was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds it would be accom-
modated to the entire satisfaction of this road,
and so as to protect the interests of the public.
We cannot conceal from our eyes the fact that
within a few years it is extremely probable
several railroads more will come in here than
now center at this place, and Congress will be
called upon to provide accommodations for
them all. We have already been compelled
to force the Baltimore and Ohio railroad back
two squares and a half. They have a track in
front of us which must soon be removed.
Every Senator will admit that we cannot long
tolerate that track in our front; it must be
removed. Possibly the depot down here now
occupied by the Baltimore and Ohio railroad
may be compelled to move back. There
ought to be some general system by which all
the roads that center here can be suitably ac-
commodated so as to promote the interests of
the city, and not interfere with any of the
public buildings and grounds.
I do not know that I need say more on
this question. I will close as I began by
saying that I do not desire to have this bill
referred to the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds, unless the Senate think
as a matter of right, in spiiit and in letter,
it belongs to that committee. I should really
like to shirk the labor of doing anything
about it; but if it is referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, I
think as much fairness can be expected from
that committee as from any committee in
this body.
Mr. PATTERSON. I had no thought that
my friend from ^Vermont was going to discuss
the merits of this question on a simple motion
to refer. I am not prepared to discuss the
merits of the question, because I have never
yet expressed an opinion,-and indeed I have
never formed an opinion as to its merits. I
do not know but that it may be considered by
the Senate a reason why this bill should be
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds that the chairman of- that com-
mittee has expressed his purpose to kill it.
Mr. MORK1LL, of Vermont. Ishouldlike
to know by what authority the Senator imputes
to me anything of the kind?
Mr. PArmiSON. The whole drift of his
argument on the merits of the question shows
that he has formed a judgment as to the merits,
and if the Senate desire to send the bill to the
tomb of the Capulets rather than to a commit-
tee that will consider it fairly, they can do so.
1 certainly, as chairman of the Committee on
the District of Columbia, have no desire to
increase the labors of that committee. We
have enough work to do already.
It the location of this depot was simply a
question of the fine arts, I suppose nobody
would question that it should go to the Senator
tu01?i },ermoPt 5 kut the question is simply this ;
shall the action of the city government or the
.District government be confirmed by the Con-
giess of the United States? If that question
is not a questiou for the Committee on the Dis-
trict or Columbia to consider I do not know
any question which can be referred to the com-
mittee that would go there legitimately. Why,
