436
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 11,
Ho. of Reps.
Frauds in the District—-Mr. Boosevelt.
4'2d Cons....2d Sess.
our city canal, referred to by the prolific pen of Mr.
B. Severson, but the great deluge which, occurring
some years since, gave Mr. Noah so prominent a
place in sacred history, (see book of Genesis)—you
will, I am sure, appreciate the difficulty of detailing
every item of the forty-two dinners, and of the nearly
equal number of evening meals, of which the board
partook. This difficulty is enhanced by the incon-
trovertible fact that '4 the tastes of the palate widely
differ/'("Woodhull & Claflin.) and that ''dyspepsia,
the stomach's nightmare," (Esculapius,) too often,
alas, compels its sad victims to "consult digestion
rather than tho appetite's cravings," (Beau Hick-
man.) Desirous, however, of furnishing informa-
tion deemed so important, I have appealed to mem-
ory* " the purveyor of reason," (the Hambler,) and
from its recesses have called forth pleasurable rec-
ollections of the following bill of fare:
1. Potages—Consomin6; Printanier; & la Pay-
aanne; & la Puree de Pois; Pota$e aux BLuitres;
Potage 3. la Creole.
2. Huitres—Crues; Writes; grilles.
3; Poisson—Bperlana £rrili6es; X6be de Mouton
Sauce aux (Eufs; Morue frite.
4. Boeuf— Bceuf aux Choux; Bifstek grille; En-
trecote aux Oignons.
5. Mouton—Gigot bouilli; Ragout a 1 Irland-
aise; Lamb fries.
6. Veau—T3te de veau; Langue; Eoie de yeau
frit au petit sal£.
7. Porc-Pieds de Cochons grilles; Saucisses;
Boudin noir.
8. Volaille-— Fois de Volaille Sautes; Dindo au
naturel; Canard aux Navets.
9. Rotis—Cochon de Lait farci.
10. Legumes—Pommes de Terres au naturel;
Petits Pois; Haricots vert.
11. (Eufs—(Eufs S.la Coque; (Eufs et Jambon.
Having with much care given in French tho des-
ignation of tho "viands of various kinds which
always allure the taste," (Pope,) it occurs to mo that
it may be barely possible that to some of the honor-
able delegates of the District Legislature the court
language may not be quite so familiar as their own
vernacular. If this should, unhappily, be the case,
X will forward an English translation if desired.
It only remains lor me to add that occasionally—
indeed, I may frankly say, semi-occasionally—' xou
know how it is yourself." (Lydia Thompson,) some
of the more ardent members of the board partook
of a little whisky straight, while otheis appeased
their thirst with lemonade, coffee, and tea.
Trusting that the information herein contained
•will prove satisfactory, X am, with much respect,
your obedient servant. GEO. S. GIDEON,
Chairman Auditing Committee
Board of iiegietration for 1871.
Hon. A. S. Solomons, Chairman Committee of Ways
and Means, Jloune of Delegatea of the Legislative
Assembly of the District of Columbia.
This surpasses some of the jokes elicited
by the grim humor of Tammany Hall in the
day of its glory. Nor is it only in fun that
the parallel holds good, but as the Tammany
triumvirate induced a facile Republican Legis-
lature to legislate them into office for four
years that they might control the elective
bodies, from mayor to assistant aldermen, so
the Board of Public Works was appointed
by the President for four years, and imme-
diately proceeded to elect its tools and min-
ions to the Legislative Assembly, which is
legally supposed to be the central of power in
the District.
As to the appointment of a treasurer of
the Board of Works, the legislative act ex-
pressly provided that the money raised should
be "disbursed upon warrants of the said
board upon the treasury of the aforesaid Dis-
trict, and in no other manner." (Acts of As-
sembly, page 11, section 3.) Therefore the
creation of a treasurer to the board was not
only without law, but against express statute,
the bonds assumed to be given by said treas-
urer being in addition utterly void in law.
They were signed by the vice president and a
contractor; but all official bonds not author-
ized by law are void even if the sureties are
men of substance.
As I said in opening these remarks I have
considered no doubtful questions. I have
raised no nice points and drawn no fine dis-
tinctions. The blame which I have been com-
pelled to award and the condemnation I have
been forced to pronounce stand on no uncer-
tain grounds. Other cases of wastefulness, or
worse, call it by what name you will, might
be referred to, such as tho payment for a wall
along the canal, which was admitted to be
worthless and not according to contract, and
which was further to be rendered of no use
by the intended closing and filling of that
water-course; dredging it so as to deepen it
and take out dirt which was to be replaced
as it was filled up ; largely increasing the
price to be paid for building the Tiber creek
arch; removing and relaying sidewalks with-
out apparent purpose, except to create ex-
pense ; elevating or lowering the street curbs
a few inches, so as to cause an immense amount
of unnecessary labor and outlay; digging out
streets, filling them up and digging them out
again; appointing employes and creating in-
numerable offices without authority of law,
and many other matters equally flagrant.
Some excuse can well be made for the com-
mencement of a new work, for the organiza-
tion of an untried system of government, and
for the execution of so important an under-
taking as the improvement of a city at once
so grand in its proportions and so deficient in
its completion as Washington. Mistakes were
to be expected under such circumstances,
errors of judgment, and blunders in perform-
ance ; but the work should not be all blunder
or error, and most extravagant and wasteful
blunders and errors at that. Make as much
allowance, however, as possible, and still the
fact remains that never in thehistory of public
mismanagement has there been so gross a case
as this. Were it the deliberate intention to
throw away money uselessly and aimlessly it
could not have been more effectually done.
Washington to-day is in no better condition
than it was a year ago, while it is saddled with
a debt of whose huge proportions we can form
but a vague guess.
One cannot help being struck with the
remarkable fact that all this work was com-
menced in the fall, at the worst season of the
year, with winter approaching, during which
little of it could be completed; and that at
this unfavorable season it was undertaken on
no moderate or limited scale, but the whole
city was torn up, although it is well known
that concrete cannot be laid, nor mason work
of any sort done, in frosty weather, and that in
mid-winter the ground cannot even be broken.
But the election took place on November 22,
and the evidence shows clearly that at that
time the largest number of men was employed;
many of these were discharged immediately
afterward, but they had voted. The District
went Republican overwhelmingly, the whites
abstaining from voting in despair, and if the
city remained impassable, was in a disgraceful
condition from that time to this, if the resi-
dents were unable to use their houses comfort-
ably, still the great end in view was attained,
and the Board of Works elected its tools to a
Legislature that nominally was to furnish it with
money and revise its action.
Lest this seem incredible I will again quote
the testimony:
"Question. "Were you familiar with the means
adopted by the Board of Public Works to carry the
last election V
"Answer. I think I was.
"Question. Was there any thoroughly organized
opposition to the loan in your district prior to the
election ?
"Answer. There was some opposition to it two or
three days prior to the election.
"Question, liow many voters were registered in the
twentieth district in April, 1871 ?
"Answer. Sixteen hundred and thirty.
"Question. And how many at the last election?
"Answer. Eleven hundred and eighty-one.
"Question. Do you know what was the cause of that
decrease of four hundred voters ?
"Answer. Nearly everybody seemed to think that
it was useless to undertake to fight the Board of
Public Works. A great many did not register on
that account.
'' Question. Were you a candidate at that election ?
"Answer. I was.
"Question. Did the board furnish or did you apply
for any anti-loan and anti-railroad tickets on the
morning of the election; and if so, to whom ?
"Answer. On the morning of the election I applied
to A. W. Eaton, one of the superintendents, who
brought the tickets for tho loan to the polls. X
asked him for some anti-loan tickets, and he in-
formed me that he had received nothing but loan
tickets.
" Question. Did you send for tickets ?
" Answer. I sent a member of our campaign com-
mittee, Mr. Smith, for the tickets. I had been
informed that Gibson Brothers were printing tickets
both for and against the loan, and I sent him there
with the request that if he could not get them there
to ascertain where he could get them and follow
them up, That was about eight o'clock in the morn-
Question. What other means did you take to get
anti-loan tickets?
" Answer. All voters who were there in the morn-
ing, and who were known to be opposed in any way
to the loan, and to the Board of Public Works, or to
the candidate of the board, found it almost impossi-
ble to get tickets. Then I instructed members of
the campaign committee, who were present, to buy
the loan tickets for anything they could get them
for, and I knew of several that were bought for
which ten cents was paid, with the intention of
scratching out the word ' for' ;ijid writing in the
word ' against.'
" Question. Do you know whether there were anti-
loan tickets received in your district?
"Answer. About two o'clock a buggy drove up with
a gentleman in it, who had some anti-loan tickets.
After that there was no lack of anti-loan tickets;
but there were no anti-railroad tickets received
there at all. I never saw any that day, and I never
saw any yet. There were two sets of tickets for the
Piedmont railroad, but none against it.
" Question. Was any objection made to the manner
in which the anti-loan tickets were printed?
"Answer. I did not hear any.
" Question. Did you hear any one object to the tick-
ets because they were printed ' for improvements'
and'against improvements?'
"Answer. Yes; quite a number who voted in the
morning stated that, while they were opposed to
expenditures of money in that way, they were in
favor of improvements, and they did not want to
vote against improvements. They disliked the way
in which the tickets were printed,' against special
improvements,' and 'for special improvements.'"
To show how effectually the wealthier classes
were kept from going to the polls it is only
necessary to examine the statistics of the vote
polled. In the election of April, 1871, only
six months previously, the total vote was
26,306, while in November of the same year,
in spite of the great interest aroused,by the
proceedings of the Board of Works, against
which the citizens had eVen protested by going
into court for an injunction, in spite of the
vast liabilities involved and the continued pub-
lications in the press of the District, which
rung the changes on the matter morning and
evening, so that every citizen was informed of
what was going on, there were only 15,284
ballots east either for or against the loan.
Over eleven thousand voters abstained from
exercising their right, either feeling that they
were to be overborne by hordes of contractors,
employes, laborers, and organized followers
of all kinds of this extravagant government, or
else unable to obtain tickets against the loan,
which, although printed at the expense of
the city, were not to be found at the polls on
election day.
It will be asked whether there was corrup-
tion in all this. If by that is meant that money
was actually traced into the pockets of these
gentlemen, I will answer no. Except in small
matters, such as some ten thousand dollars'
worth of plumbing work and a larger bill for
furniture, no direct connection has been traced
between these jobs and the parlies who author-
ized them. But if people wait for such evi-
dence before forming their conclusions they
will wait a long time. The millions stolen by
Tammany Hall in New York have never yet
been traced into the pockets of the Tammany
ring, and probably never will be, but we all
know that people who squander and misap-
propriate public money do it for a personal
object, as one of the witnesses neatly expressed
it when asked the following question :
"Question. Do you know any of the Board of Pub-
lic Works who are connected with these rings?
"Answer. No, sir; I cannot tell. You can't see
the wind, but you can see the straws flying."
Such things are not consummated before the
world or in the presence of witnesses, and it
is as ruinous to the public and as criminal in
the guilty parties if the funds of the treasury
are merely squandered as if they are actually
