1384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
be a penalty. What such penalty will be may
be a mystery to us, although not to the Al-
mighty. Human slavery brought its penalties,
and one of those penalties was the late civil
war; a war which, for the flow of blood and for
cruelty, has never been excelled, if equaled.
Another of the penalties we see around us
every day—crippled soldiers, and widows and
orphans of soldiers. Another penalty which
has followed this great wrong of robbing man
of his God-given rights is the gigantic debt
which has been saddled on this nation. This
debt can be paid ; but the lost soldier_ cannot
be returned to his bereaved wife, family, and
friends. That lost limb is forever lost,_ and
our soldier neighbor over yonder is a cripple
for life. Oh, may our hearts melt in kindness
and ourselves bow in homage to the memory
of the stricken soldier! He died for you and
me that we might have a country, and that a
free country. The Union soldier left all—wife,
father, mother, brother and sister, and home;
he left his all to die, if need be, for you and me.
The land is ridged all over with modern graves
which slavery made. One black'pall covers
the land to-day, and slavery was the monster
that created it. These are some of the pen-
alties, of the great law of right having been
broken. The past cannot be erased from his-
tory, but we can govern the future by the past.
Who would be so wild as to wish that our
beloved country might return to its condition
before the war? Who would be so wild as to
care to pay a like penalty again?
Mr. Speaker, we have been learning. All
sober-minded men have discovered that it is
not safe to permit a great wrong to be nur-
tured and protected by law in a State or com-
munity, for sooner or later it will bring its
dire consequences. The mills of the gods
grind slow, but nevertheless they grind, and
they grind exceedingly fine. This nation to-
day is suffering untold anguish in consequence
of having broken this great law of right. Mr.
Speaker, the great future is before us. The
present is ours. Everything in this world of
ours does not move by chance. The principle
of right and justice is to be guarded. We are
ever to keep in view that memorable and un-
dying motto: "Eternal vigilance is the price
of liberty."
This nation not only had to subdue the re-
bellion, but it had to pay for it, and to pay for
it it was compelled to borrow the money with
which to carry on the war. It would seem
strange, certainly, to hear any one now talk
of objecting to the repaying that borrowed
money. Yet, strange as it may seem, now
and then you will see a Democrat who advo-
cates the payment of the war debt in green-
backs. Now, this is repudiation, and such men
mean repudiation. They do not mean anything
else. Now, the great Republican party which
saved this nation from destruction is in favor
of paying the national debt. That party is
opposed to paying that debt in greenbacks;
and I here proclaim that the Republican party
mean that that debt shall be paid, and to the
last farthing.
Now, to compel those who lent their money
to the Government to be used in putting down
the rebellion, to accept greenbacks in payment
of sufch loan would be infamous. It would be
the kind of robbery of the highwayman when
he meets the traveler and presents his revolver
to his breast and demands his money or hislife.
The fact is, sir, it is a part of the original
scheme—first to plunder men and women, to
rob them of their liberty, and then rob the
public creditor. Mr. Speaker, the doctrine
emanates from the same infernal region that
secession issued from. It is the principle of
wrong against right.
I understand, sir, that this proposition of
paying the national debt in greenbacks is the
principle of the Democratic party. If such is
not the proposition of that party, then I will
confess that I have been misled. If I am not
grossly mistaken that party has never advo-
cated the paying the Government debt in gold
or its equivalent. If I am right, Mr. Speaker,
then it will not do to permit this Government
to pass into the control of the Democratic
party. That party was fully committed to
secession and repudiation; and let me ask
when has that party changed? Did it, as a
party, at the breaking out of the rebellion,
proclaim the right of the Government to pre-
vent secession ? If so, when ? Where ? Let
echo answer, where!
Instead of proclaiming such right over and
above-board to the worM, that party denied
the right of coercion. That party denied the
right of the Government to put down the re-
bellion by force and arms. The leaders of
that party declared that there was no consti-
tutional power in the Government to coerce a
State, and hence if a State should secede, the
Government had no constitutional right to
arrest such secession.
James Buchanan, the Democratic President
of the United States, upon South Carolina's
seceding from the Union, as good as told the
South to go. Officially in his message to Con-
gress he used the following language:
" Has the Constitution delegated to Congress the
powerto coerce aState into submission which is at-
tempting to withdraw or has actually withdrawn
from the confederacy ? If answered in the affirmative
it must be on the principle that the power has been
conferred upon Congress to declare and to make war
upon a State. After much serious reflection I have
arrived at the conclusion that no such power has
been delegated to Congress, nor to any other depart-
ment of the Federal Government.
"The fact is, that our Union rests upon public
opinion, and can never be cemented by the blood of
its citizens shed in civil war. If it cannot live in the
affections of the people it must one day perish.
" Congress possesses many means of preserving it
by conciliation; but the sword was not placed in
their hand to preserve it by force."
Such was the language with which we were
greeted by a Democratic President at the
time that high-handed traitors threatened and
were attempting to destroy the Government.
Had not this great Republican party wrested
the-Government from the hands of that party,
we to-day, instead of being known and hon-
ored of all nations, would be a hiss, a scorn,
and a by-word. Had not the reins of this Gov-
ernment, in the providence of the Almighty,
been put into the hands of Abraham Lincoln,
(forever honored be his name,) we should
have been at the mercy of the Democratic
party headed by the monster secession.
This language of Buchanan which I have
quoted was the language of the Democratic
party everywhere, both North and South.
The Democratic party South declared that the
United States Government had no constitu-
tional power to coerce them, and the Demo-
cratic party North echoed the howl, "No
coercion, no coercion;" and they made the
welking ring with the shouts that " Lincoln is
violating the Constitution ; Lincoln is violat-
ing the Constitution;" "You can't coerce a
State; you can't coerce a State." But this
Republican party thought otherwise. Lincoln
believed that ho had taken an oath to see that
the laws "be faithfully executed" and the
union of the States maintained; and the end
has justified the belief.
Buchanan's argument has been proved to be
a lie. The Republican party has proved to
the world and to the Democratic party that
there was constitutional power in this Govern-
ment to coerce a State. This Republican
party has proved to the world and to the Dem-
ocratic party that traitors could be constitu-
tionally whipped, and the Union of the States
preserved.
This Republican party must remain intact
until the fruits of the misrule of the Demo-
cratic slaveholding party are somewhat re-
moved. The evils of such misrule can never
be fully healed. That party had so sold the
country to the devil that it would seem that
the evil results had been entailed forever upon
the land. That slaveholding party has been
arrested in its mad career, it is true, yet the
terrible wrongs which grew out of the policy
of that party have been of such magnitude
that it seems as though it would take centuries
to heal.
At the breaking out of the rebellion the
country had become so impoverished by
slaveholding* rule that the Government was
about as helpless as an infant to grapple with
this monster secession. The Government had
no Army; it had no Navy equipped, or that
could be equipped.
On the 21st day of February, 1861, the en-
tire naval force of the United States Govern-
ment available for the defense of the whole
Atlantic coast consisted of the steamer Brook-
lyn, of twenty-five guns, and the store-ship
Relief, of two guns; and this Brooklyn ship
was of too great draft to enter the harbor at
Charleston, and the little Relief had been
ordered to the coast of Africa. At this time
then the whole Atlantic coast had been left
without defense by the Democratic party, and
at the very time when that old Democrat,
Buchanan, in a message to Congress, declared
that the civil commotion, the treason of the
slaveholders, had become "of such vast pro-
portions and so alarming as to be beyond his
power to check or control."
This was the condition that the Democratic
party had brought the country to, and from
that time until Abraham Lincoln took pos-
session of the Government, Buchanan stood
shivering, and with chattering teeth and white
lips cried out that he could do nothing. And
his Attorney General backed him up in his
cowardice and timidity. Now, here was tho
Democratic party and a Democratic Adminis-
tration, and a party which had been in the
possession and had molded and fashioned
the Government for years upon years, yielding
up the Government to traitors, and that too
without even a feeble effort at resistance.
Would not this party like to slip into power
and influence once more 1 How it would like
to run this Government again! How it would
like again to fatten upon the public crib! How
it would like to replenish its threadbare ward-
robe 1 _ Ah, Tammany, you are eager for a raid
upon Uncle Sam's Treasury, but you cannot
come it. It will not do to unlock the bolts just
yet. That party has not had a sufficient cleans-
ing. It has been badly whipped and pretty wel 1
cleaned out, but it must become regenerated
before the country can afford to put this Gov-
ernment into its hands. That party brought
too great disaster and saddled too big a debt
upon the nation to be permitted quite yet to
step aboard and guide the old ship of State
into the haven of safety and repose. The
crew must receive a new education and a
renewed discipline in morals first. They have
wandered too far from the teachings of the
early commanders of the old ship. The teach-
ings of those good old Democrats, Washing-
ton, Jefferson, and Jackson, must be learned
anew. The watchword of old Hickory, uttered
in tones of thunder, "By the eternal the Union
must and shall be preserved," alas! alas I that
party has strayed from and forgot in its wan-
derings after strange gods.
At the breaking out of the rebellion a party
had arisen in the land which "knew not
Joseph"—which knew not old Hickory; a
party which had permitted the nation to be-
come bound hand and foot with the chains of
slavery ; a party which had coolly permitted a
gang of slaveholders to rob the Treasury of
the United States; a party that had coolly
stood by and seen the Government of theso
United States become bankrupt j and this party
is constantly clamoring to get into possession
once more. Would not this great and glorious
Republican party look nice—splendid—to per-
mit such a wicked thing? I am now speaking
of the Democratic party, and not of Demo-
crats ; for there is a wide difference, a mighty
sightof difference, between a Democrat and the
Democratic party.
Why, in 1864, at Chicago, in a Democratic
convention which nominated George B. Mc
