1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
437
42d Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Stevenson,.
Ho. of Reps.
stolen. The results are the main point, and
any one can form his own judgment of them.
This vast expenditure in a city of one hun-
dred and twenty thousand inhabitants, of
•whom there are more freedmen than there are
property-holders! But still the negroes left
to themselves would not have been so bad, had
they not been controlled by these five aristo-
cratic lords, the representatives and exponents
of a false system of commissions, and of the
corrupting and ruinous effects of centraliza-
tion of power. I willingly say, I say it freely
and gladly, that no evidence has been given
of any participation by the Executive, or that
his hands were in any way defiled. I would
be the last to do him injustice in so grave a
matter, but it must not be forgotten that the
men who were guilty of these acts were ap-
pointed by the President and were responsible
alone to him; that they could be called to
account and removed by no one else ; that
their operations were conducted directly under
his own eye, and it seems to me he should
apply a remedy at once if he ought not to
have applied it sooner, and that hereafter the
responsibility should rest with the citizens to
see that they have good and reliable men in
public office. The residents of Washington
have long been loud in their denunciations
and complaints, the papers have been filled
with exposures and the people's mouths with
denunciations. As, however, he has not
thought proper to do so, it is the duty of
Congress, after having investigated the case
and found it so black, either to urge upon
him to take that course, or to pass some law
to restrain the powers of this board. Not a.
day should be allowed to pass ere a stop is
put to the outrages under which this city
groans. The case is flagrant. The work per-
formed, taken all in all, the entire outla.y_of
millions of dollars, has resulted in a positive
injury instead of a benefit. Here and there
a few thousands may have been well laid out,
although that is even doubtful, while as a
whole it is far more injurious than beneficial.
The city to-day looks as if a Vandal army had
occupied it, and it will be years before the
traces are removed. The citizens have suf-
fered greatly and will yet suffer more. Men in
moderate circumstances have been ruined,
while the wealthy have been robbed, and they
will hardly consider themselves compensated
by being told that through their sufferings the
District of Columbia has been made Repub-
lican forever.
The Tariff.
SPEECH OP HON. J. E. STEVENSON,
of ohio,
In the House of Representatives,
May 1, 1872.
The House being in Committee of the Whole oil
the state of the Union, and having under considera-
tion the bill (H. K. No. 2322) to reduce the duties on
imports, and to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes—
Mr. STEVENSON said:
Mr. Chairman; There could be no more
fortunate opportunity to benefit a people by
reducing taxation than this Congress enjoys.
STATE 01' THE TREASURY.
The balance in the Treasury is $123,000,000,
$108,000,000 in coin. The revenues exceed
expenditures $100,000,000 a year, receipts
increase while expenses diminish. The debt
has been reduced since the present Admin-
istration was inaugurated $327,000,000, and
is now being reduced at the rate of $100,-
000,000 a year—$12,000,000 last month. The
annual interest has fallen $21,000,000.
Shall we embrace our opportunity? Is the
country so prosperous and happy that it can
with pleasure and advantage continue to pour
this golden stream into an overflowing Treas-
ury to gratify and glorify the most magnificent
miser the world has ever known ?
IBB FUTURE.
I do not join those who take a gloomy view
of the future. I agree with the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] and gladly greet
him as he comes up the height of confidence,
in the sunshine of hope, declaring that in
twenty years the country will reach a condi-
tion of prosperity when the debt which now
burdens us will be light in comparison with
its resources. But he will allow me to say
that whether the bright picture of the future
he draws shall be realized depends chiefly on
whether all his partisan hopes and anticipa-
tions be disappointed. If the country falls
into the hands of his party or of a conglom-
erate admixture, of his partisans and their
ancient enemies, no prudent financier can
encourage him in his predictions of national
prosperity.
Should the Democratic party elect a straight
Democrat President, it would cost the country
billions of money. The cold shadow he would
cast over the land would,, without hostile act,
cause financial blight. Should the proposed
league of disaffected Republicans with the
Democratic party elect a man to be controlled
by Democratic counsels, that would cost the
country millions, injuring its credit at home
and abroad, unsettling the stability of affairs,
and shaking the confidence of the business
world, reducing revenues and increasing ex-
penditures. With this saving clause, 1 join
hands across the line with my friend from
Kentucky, who is one of the cleverest of men
out of this House, [laughter,] agreeing to all
he says as to the future greatness and glory
of our common country, provided always that
his party be not permitted directly or indirectly
to control the Government.
CONDITION OF THE COUNTRY.
But whatever may be the future, we have
to deal with the present. We have a nation
emerging from a civil war, iu which she bled
so profusely that when the census was taken
the population of the Union fell short of rea-
sonable calculations two million people. That
is what the rebellion cost us iu population.
A country which spent treasure as no nation
ever did before. The Union has expended in
taxes and borrowed money not less than
$6,000,000,000 since I860; the South has ex-
pended in taxes, in property consumed or
destroyed, and in debts contracted chiefly
among the southern people, $5,000,000,000.
It is safe to say that the money expended
and the property wasted and destroyed North
and South since 1860, chiefly in waging and
in opposing the rebellion, was more than
$12,000,000,000.
Some gentlemen may say we should not
consider what the South spent and lost,
because the rebels risked their property in a
bad cause. This should diminish the sym-
pathy to which they as individuals might
otherwise have been entitled j but it does not
change the fact;- and now that the country
is reunited and the nation one, we must look
at it as it is, and as our own, and so regarding
it we find it with property not yet fully restored
to safe foundations, business feverish and fluc-
tuating, with heavy State and local debts,
requiring extraordinary taxation to meet inter-
est and reduce the principal. The debts of
all the States, counties, cities, and other local
governments amount to over eight hundred
million dollars, over five hundred million of
which is of northern States.
THE SOUTH.
The South came out of the war depleted of
blood and treasure and property as perhaps
no equal region of the globe ever was before,
and under such a mass of debts, confederate,
State, local, and individual, as would have
taken more than twice the value of all the
porperty remaining. Four fifths of this in-
debtedness has been annulled and forgiven.
Industrious laborers and a generous climate,
with high prices for staple products, have
brought great relief, but still the States lately
in rebellion are overwhelmed with debts, State
and local, created before, during, and since
the war, so large that their people are justly
alarmed, and the country is startled at the
specter of repudiation. Two thirds of these
debts were contracted before reconstruction;
but no matter when or by whom contracted,
they require taxation which, though less than
what is cheerfully borne in the North, is un-
precedented in the South, and endured by prop-
erty-holders only because it cannot be avoided.
RECOVERY OF THE SOUTH.
True there is much exaggeration as to the
condition of the South, and intelligent states-
men have hastily concluded that fruitful region
is hopelessly crushed. This is an error which
should be speedily corrected. While the pros-
tration of the South by the war was unexam pled,
the recuperation has been equally unprece-
dented. A comparison of the last census
report with the State appraisements made after
the surrender shows that the late rebel States
have gained in property since the war more
than a billion dollars; and a comparison with
the appraisement before the war shows that
the true valuation of 1870 is $0,000,000 greater
than the State valuation of 1860 of all property,
excluding slaves. Yet these encouraging facts
do not show such a condition as we should all
wish to witness. The South, the whole coun-
try is in convalescence, hopeful, but not fully
assured health, and requires care and kind-
ness.
FREEDMEN.
The rapid recovery of the South is due
chicfly to the labor of the freedmen. Rescued
from slavery and turned adrift without lands,
homes, or houses ; without adequate clothing
or sufficient food ; without animals or imple-
ments; at the mercy of their late masters, for
leave to earn bread they have labored faith-
fully, and produced crops of great value, until
they have almost demonstrated that even at
the South free labor is better than slave.
They have gradually improved their condition,
but are still poorly sheltered, clothed, and fed;
have few and inferior implements, and little
live stock, and remain generally dependent on
the land-owners. It is due the freedmen that we
should tax them as lightly as possible, and as
taxes must come chiefly from production, they,
the chief producers, share all burdens.
POOR WHITES.
There is another class at the South who
deserve great consideration. While slavery
prevailed, it overshadowed the poor whjteis.
They had little encouragement or disposition
to labor. Emancipation has removed the
badge of dishonor from toil and broken down
the barriers which hedged in the poor from
property, and the natural desire to better their
condition already begins to move them to
enterprise and industry. The national inter-
ests require that they should not be burdened
or hindered by unnecessary taxation.
I>OSS OF SLAVES.
My colleague [Mr. Bingham] asks how
much the South sunk by the loss of slaves.
The nominal loss was about $2,000,000,000.
But the true loss was not a dollar. The mas-
ters lost their fictitious wealth; but the Sojith
is richer with all her people free than 'she
would have been if those formerly so were still
slaves. Liberation does not destroy property;
it only transfers title. When you enfranchise
a man, you take him from hi& master and
restore him to himself, for the real and lasting
