1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4073
exclusively for a foreign trade. Therefore I
propose the amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs upon the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, upon which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. THURMAN. If the yeas and nays
had not been called for on this amendment
I should not have troubled the Senate with a
single remark, but as they are called for I
feel it a duty that I owe to myself to say
something upon it.
Conceal it as you may, although I favor this
section, as I have said before, and intend to
vote for it, it is very hard to defend it on prin-
ciple. What is it? There are several modes
of transportation ; one is_ by sea, another by
land. This section as it now stands proposes
to discriminate in favor of transportation by
sea by enabling all persons who are engaged
in building vessels to use foreign materials
without paying any duty upon them ; not only
in respect to vessels trading between the Uni-
ted States and foreign ports, but vessels trading
between ports of the United States on the
Atlantic and ports of the United States on the
Pacific. Now, applying the same principle,
how could you refuse to admit steel rails free
of duty in order to make railroads from the
Atlantic to the Pacific? How could you, if
you were strictly consistent with principle,
refuse to permit the railroad companies to
have their railroad iron in order to build rail-
roads from the Atlantic to the Pacific on pre-
cisely the same terms that you permit ship-
builders to have iron with which to build their
ships that are to sail from ports on the Atlantic
to ports on the Pacific?
1 say on principle it is very difficult to
defend this section, and yet in my judgment
there is a ground on which it can be defended,
and upon that, the section can receive my vote.
It is that there is an interest, the nation has
an interest in encouraging its marine, which
is sufficient to justify me in making this dis-
crimination in favor of the ship-building in-
terest. We are compelled from necessity to
maintain a Navy. We are compelled to have
a naval force if we are to remain a Power
capable of defending ourselves against foreign
aggression or of asserting our rights; and
upon that ground I can make this discrimina-
tion in favor of the ship-building interest.
Otherwise I could not make it. Otherwise I
could not say that this interest should have its
materials free of duty while the railroads
of the country should pay duty upon theirs,
while the farmers, the mechanics, the manu-
facturers of the couniry should pay duty upon
the materials which they use. I can make
this discrimination, however, upon the neces-
sity which I believe exists to encourage our
outline, and upon that alone.
Then that brings us to the question of the
amendment offered bv the Senator from Penn-
sylvania. It is a very difficult thing to resist that
amendment. Resisting that amendment does
discriminate perhaps in favor of the foreign
material against the domestic material. It
looks that way at first blush ; but upon reflec-
tion perhaps it is to be seen that that is not the
case. We have a right to levy duties; we
have a right to levy them for revenue, and in
my judgment for nothing but revenue. But
we do make exceptions; we do have a free list;
and if we can have a free list for one purpose
1 do not know how we are to say that we can-
not have a free list for another purpose that in
the judgment of Congress it is proper should
exist.
1 can therefore vote for the section as it
stands without as it seems to me though it is
a very shadowy distinction indeed—incurring
the objection of discriminating against the pro-
ducers of our own materials and in favor of
the foreign materials.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Boreman. Buckingham, Caldwell,
Corbett, Frelinghuysen, Hitchcock. Howe, Lewis,
Morrill of Vermont, Ooborn, Ramsey, Scott, Sprague,
anil Viekers—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Bayard, Blair, C;is-
serly. Cole, Cooper, Flanagan, tjroldchwaite, Hamil-
ton of Maryland. Hamilton of Texas. Hill, Johnston,
Kellogg, Kelly, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morton,
Norwood, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ransom, Robertson,
Sherman, Stevenson, Stewart, Stockton, Thurman,
Tipton. Trumbull, West, Wilson, and Wright—33.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Cameron,
Carpenter. Chandler, Clayton. Conkhng, Cragin,
Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Ed-
munds, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of
Michigan, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan, Nye, Patter-
son, Pool, Rice, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Schurz, Spen-
cer, Sumner, and Windom—27.
So the amendment to the amendment was
not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
reserved amendment will be read.
Mr. VICKERS. I have two amendments
to offer to this section, and perhaps it would
be better to offer them now, as they refer to
this subject, rather than wait till after the Sen-
ate gets through with the other amendments.
I will pursue, however, the pleasure of the
Senate in the matter.
Mr. FENTON. Let us get through with
the reserved amendments first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
reserved amendment will be read as the Sen-
ator from New York calls for it.
Mr. HILL. I really think this discussion
has lasted long enough.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is one more amend-
ment that I should like to have a vote upon.
Mr. CHANDLER. Has this section ten
been adopted as amended?
Mr. SHERMAN. It will be open for amend-
ment. I should like to have a vote on the
next section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
vote on the adoption of the section, because
there is no motion to strike it out.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the section before it passes, and I ask
unanimous consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no objec-
tion be interposed, the Senator from Rhode
Island can offer his amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator has aright
to offer an amendment to this section.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. As other
amendments to this section have been enter-
tained by unanimous consent, the Chair will
entertain this it' no objection be made.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I offer the following
amendment, to add to the section :
And provided alio. That ships engaged in coastwise
trade shall be entitled to the benefits ot this act.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we are wasting
time. I should like to go on in order.
Mr. VICKERS. I offer an amendment to
this section.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is out of order ; but
as others have offered amendments I cannot
object to my friend from Marvlaud.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will receive the amendment of the Senator
from Maryland, no objection being made.
Mr. VICKERS. I offer this by way of
addition :
And provided further. That American vessels which
have been registered in foreign coun tries since the
1st day of January, 1861, may, within two years
from the passage ol this act, be registered as Amer-
ican vessels, underpuch regulations as the Secretary
of the Treasury may prescribe.
It is well known that in consequence of the
depredations upon our commerce by the
Sumter and other vessels of the confederacy
the owners of some of our American vessels,
in order to prevent their capture and destruc-
tion upon the high seas, took a foreign flag.
They did not do it from any disloyalty to the
Government, but simply to protect their ves-
sels and cargoes because the American Navy
was incapable of doing it. Now, we have
passed an act removing disabilities from those
who voluntarily went into secession. Having
done that, should we not permit those vessels
now to return and take an American register?
I see no difference, except that the reason is
considerably stronger why we should do what
the amendment asks us to do.
There are not many vessels that would return.
So much time has elapsed that few wooden ves-
sels, unless they were new atthat period of time,
would be returned to take the American regis-
ter ; but I can see no reason why they should
not be permitted to return and resume the
American flag, inasmuch as we have now re-
moved the disabilities from those who volun-
tarily went into secession.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This is a prop-
osition to allow ships now under the British
flag, which were American-built, and which
during the war took shelter under the British
flag, to come back. I am surprised that the
Committee on Commerce should report from
that committee such a proposition, for I sup-
pose it, is known to the Senate that in 1862,
while that thing was fresh, and while these
parties were transferring ships to the British
flag, that committee made a formal report,
giving them' fair notice that if they did that
thing it was semi-treason to the country, and
that American policy would not allow them to
come back, and that for those two reasons put
together they never should come back.
Now, at this late day, 1872, when those old
ships are nothing but bulks, and when you are
about to revive your commerce by building
American ships, you propose to let those old
hulks back under the American flag. That is
the proposition of the honorable Senator from
Michigan, who has charge of the commerce
of this country! And he knows—I assume
he knows, because he is chairman of the
Committee on Commerce—that those ships
have no chaiacter at all in the commercial
marine of the world. They have been dis-
rated in the British Lloyds; the owners can-
not, effect any insurance on those ships with
cargoes anywhere in England to-day; and this
is an attempt on the part of the Committee
on Commerce to build up the merchant marine
of America I
Mr. CHANDLER. My friend is very elo-
quent in his remarks. My friend voted the
other day to pardon every rebel except two
hundred, and here were perhaps abouta thou-
sand loyal men, a,.J we did not protect their
ships because we could not, and they changed
their fl^g; but they still own the ships. Now
you pardon every rebel in the South, and you
will not pardon loyal men in your own State.
What kind of justice does my friend from
Maine call that? Will you pardon the men
who raised their bloody hands against your
flag, and not pardon the man who changed his
flag to save his property? Mr. President, it is
a disgrace to humanity.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does my honor-
able friend think that the principle of amnesty
applies to persons and property ?
Mr. CHANDLER. We have pardoned the
person, and now we propose to pardon loyal
men who changed their flags and admit their
vessels back to registry. There is a ship to day
on a voyage from China under the British flag
belonging to American owners who have
owned her all the while since she changed her
flag. I say that while I do uot complain at
your pardoning the rebels, though I did not
vote for their pardon, I think loyal men who
were not protected in their rights of progeny
during the rebellion should be pardoned a
least as quick as those who raised their bloody
hands against the Union.
Mr. STEWART. I concur with the Sen-
ator from Maine. I do not see how it will aid
