1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
489
invaded and denied. I shall stand, a hum-
ble coadjutor, side by side with the honorable
Senator i'rom Massachusetts in waging war
against the injustice of which he justly com-
plains, and of which he has produced evidence
so voluminous. Let us pass some measure
to stop these wrongs. It can pass by a mere
majority vote. 1 believe such a measure, care-
fully drawn, will easily and promptly pass both
Houses of Congress. I do not wish to peril
its passage by making an arrangement that it
shall not become a law unless it receives the
vote of two thirds of each House. This is an
unfriendly act, though I know the Senator
does not so regard it. It is an unnecessary,
as I think, an unwise act. Could the bill
speak for itself it would say, "Save me from
my friends." I again ask, desiring to see the
supplementary civil rights bill become a law,
who says I am '■ unreasonable" in my course
on the Senator's amendment?
The honorable Senator, ''in no unfriendly
spirit, but simply in the discharge of a public
duty," as he says, read a letter, comment-
ing on my previous remarks on this subject,
from Mr. F. L. Cardozo, of South Carolina,
and quoted from an article of similar tenor
published in the Columbia Daily Union of
December 30, 1871.
It needed not the assurance of the Senator
to convince me that the quotations made by
the Senator were made "in no unfriendly
spirit." From him naught but kindness has
ever come toward me since I have sat here.
Up to him it has ever been my pleasure to
look for wisdom and counsel; and if I have
often been compelled to disagree with him in
his policy, to differ from him in opinion, this
has never happened but to my regret.
But a few words as to Mr. Cardozo's letter.
That gentleman is all that the Senator claims
for hitn. He is one of our best citizens. He
is secretary of State of South Carolina, and
it is much to say that in that responsible office
he has so conducted himself as to have won the
respect of good men, and to foim one of the
exceptions to what, I fear, has been the rule
among our State officers. I would not by one
jot or tittle diminish the respect which the
Senator from Massachusetts and others who
know him better entertain for him. On the
very day when the Senator from Massachu-
setts was making his first speech on this meas-
ure since the holidays I sat in this Chamber
side by side with him holding friendly con-
verse as to the hopes of redeeming our State
government from the misrule which has be-
come a by-word in the land. I have not always
agreed with Mr. Cardozo on questions of pol-
icy, but I have never seen any reason for with-
holding from him my esteem.
But Mr. Cardozo, let me remind the Senator,
is human, and liable to error like other men.
He certainly misunderstood my position on the
question before the Senate. Hadheread with
care the remarks 1 had the honor to submit
he would have seen that there was no practical
difference in our views. While I urged the
passage of the amnesty bill then, as now,
pending, there was a distinct declaration that
I was earnestly in favor of the passage, of the
bill of the Senator from. Massachusetts, when-
ever he should bring forward that measure in
a shape which gave hope of success. My pur-
pose in urging its postponement was not that
it, might be pushed aside indefinitely, but that
the woik m liand might be done. 1 knew the
colored people all over the South had persist-
ently recommended amnesty; and I judged
that in the then condition of the business of
the Senate, with a bill before us the passage
of which they ardently desired, they would
ask us to do the work before us, rather than
peril its accomplishment by making an un-
-natural and forced alliance between two meas-
ures each of which would rather weaken than
strengthen the other. There were two good
objects to be accomplished. We had set out
to effect the one. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts asked us to turn aside from that and
effect the other, or to carry at one load a bur-
den promising to be more safely and speedily
carried in two. Common sense, or what I call
common sense, dictated the course I pursued.
I inferred that such would have been the views
of reflecting colored men. I stiil judge that
I was right. Nay, I believe that Mr. Cardozo,
unless he is a determined foe to any amnesty
bill at all, would have acted as I did had he
been in the Senate.
I have no doubt Mr. Cardozo is right in
speaking in this wise concerning the bill of the
Senator. He says:
" The colored people of the South are looking earn-
estly to tbo Congress of the United States for the
passage of your^bill, or one containing similar pro-
visions. If their united voices could be heard they
would introatthe representatives of the Republican
party in Congress to finish their great work by the
passage of your bill, and thus remove the degrading
usage they are compolted to submit to."
So say I, Mr. President; so say many of us,
who nevertheless caunot consent to attach it
to this measure.
But I must make a word of comment on
another passage in Mr. Cardozo's letter. He
writes:
" But I venture to say further, that while the col-
ored people of the South havo always been in favor
of amnesty, I am sure that now, when thoy see their
leading men assassinated, their wives and children
brutally whipped in the dead of night by Ku IClux,
,a band of the most cruel conspirators thut ever dis-
graced any civilized country, they seriously question
the wisdom of the policy that would remove tho dis-
abilities of such men and restore them to position,
thus giving them tho opportunity of carrying out
more successtully their fiendish designs. And they
are surprised and indignant that those who happen
to represent their State for the time being should
pretend to represent their feelings. "
Now, Mr. President, this assumes that Ihose
who will be relieved from political disabilities
by the pending bill belong to that most infa-
mous of all bands of conspirators and outlaws
whose deeds blacken the pages of the history
of any civilized people, the Ku Ivlnx Kdan.
This assumption I believe to be entirely un-
warranted by the facts. That there are many
members of this organization who are laboring
under the disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution is quite
possible, I think probable. But it is well
known that the chief material which composes
this wicked, this monstrous fraternity, (if it be
admissible to use such a term in so odious a
connection,) is made up of men whose right
to vote and hold office is recognized by the
laws. The truth is, sir, that the outrages of
the Ku Klux Klan have no relation to this
question of political disabilities, unless it be
that the soreness and irritation produced by
their retention prevents the proper degree of
effort to suppress such outrages on the part of
those who are shorn of a part of the functions
and privileges of citizenship.
I quote again from Mr. Cardozo :
" The Legislature of South Carolina has passed a
law giving precisely the rights contained in your
' supplementary civil rights bill.' But such a law
remains a dead letter on her statute-books, because
the State courts, comprised largely of those whom
the Senator wishes to obtain amnesty for, refuse to
enforce it."
I hardly understand him. The judges of
our courts are not under political disabilities.
I do not need then to ask amnesty for them.
They were chosen by a Republican Legisla-
ture, of whom a majority were of the race to
which the writer of this letter belongs. I am
not aware that complaints have been often
made that they have not obeyed the law in
the administration of their judicial functions.
There may have been cases when biased
rulings may have been made, and the preju-
dices of caste have stained the ermine of the
judge. I trust, however, that the statement
of Mr. Cardozo is susceptible of some modifi-
cation, and the case is not quite so bad in
South Carolina as he makes i(.
1 know that in public conveyances they sit
where other passengers sit; and only two or
three weeks since I rode from Charleston to
Columbia in the same car with a considerable
number of colored gentlemen, all like myself
in the car known as the "ladies' car." Yet,
while hesitating to admit in full the statement
that the law referred to by Mr. Cardozo is
a dead letter on the statute-book,! think it
probable that there are cases where judges
and juries fail to piove the guardians of the
colored man's rights and privileges Which it
behooves them to be. I hope the bill of the
Senator from Massachusetts will effect a remedy
for these evils, not only in South Carolina, but
in other States where such a remedy is more
needed than it is there.
One word more on the letter to which the
Senator has given such prominence in his com-
ments on my position as to justify this extended
reference to it. Mr. Cardozo thinks that those
who take the position I have assumed on this
bill completely misunderstand the colored peo-
ple, and that our "pretension to represent them
is the most ridiculous and unwarrantable pre-
sumption."
Mr. President, this is language more foici-
ble than complimentary. It is hardly neces-
sary, after what I have already said, to pay
more in justification of my course on this bill.
I am quite willing to stand by what I have
done or may do, and have no fear that my pur-
poses will be doubted or misunderstood by
reflecting men of either race who strive to
realize the true situation. When it shall be
Mr. Cardozo's task to be the legal represent-
ative of the people of his State on this floor,
I doubt not he will perform with strict adher-
ence to his convictions the various duties
which fall upon him. If he does so, he cer-
tainly cannot be charged with " ridiculous and
unwarrantable presumption'' in giving expres-
sion to what he honestly believes to be the
interest and sentiments of those he represents.
Such an experience may make him more
guarded in criticism upon the course of others,
or more tolerant of differences of opinion upon
mere forms of action. Without wishing to be
unkind to him, 1 may properly suggest that
however far I myself may come from faith-
fully representing the colored people of my
constituency, it may not he inappropriate for
Mr. Cardozo to calf to mind the fact that the
number of votes he received as a candidate
for a seat in this Chamber at the late senato-
rial election, in a Legislature having a large
majority of men of his own party and race,
scarcely warrants him in assuming to repre-
sent their views or feelings.
I submit, Mr. President, that there is nothing
in the remarks I made before the holidays on
this measure which justifies any candid and
careful critic in assuming that I desired to
delay one unnecessary moment the passage
of a measure of justice like that proposed by
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts.
I take tho liberty of reading a quotation from
my language on that occasion :
"I desire to express to tlio Senate and to_ tho
country my entire approbation of tho principles
which underlie the bill of ilie Senator from Massa-
chusetts, and to state that at any fitting time, when-
ever we can have the slightest chanco of success in
passing the measuro which he has proposed to the
Senate, I shall be found voting by his side."
This is conclusive on the question as to where
I stood on the merits of the Senator's bill.
There is no need, sir, that I should follow
the Senator in his quotation from the news-
paper writer. My remarks on Mr. Cardozo's
letter covet' the case of the anonymous writer
in the Union as well. I therefore leave this
part of the subject for more general reflections.
Mr. President, the acute and learned Senator
from Pennsylvania, ilie chairman of the Com-
mittee on Southern Outrages, has spent a large
part of the time during the recess in personal
observation of the condition of society in tho
reconstructed States. He has listened much
and often to those sickening talcs of horror
which, when heaideven at second hand, make
every honest man's blood boil with indignation,
and every honest man's voice cry aioud for
justice. 'The living victims of unspeakable
