1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3177
him if lie should use the troops to prevent a
riot? And does he not know that the Secre-
tary of War suppressed that telegram, that he
did not communicate it to the President, that
he made no response to the military com-
mander in New Orleans, and the riot grew out
of his criminal negligence? The Secretary of
War, the constitutional adviser of the Presi-
dent, took the responsibility of suppressing
the telegram which notified him that a riot
was imminent, and it was believed by many
that he did it on purpose that the riot might
occur, and that it might make a justification
for the harsh measures contemplated by the
party then in power. It certainly was an oc-
currence which stimulated the passage of those
harsh measures. There never has been any
explanation given to the country of the crim-
inal neglect of the then Secretary of War to
communicate with the President and give
proper instructions to the commander in New
Orleans when Louisiana was under military
control and had no civil organization to pre-
serve the peace. When the Senator is throw-
ing his accusations widespread against the
Democratic party, he should remember that
thc.t riot, which he has dragged into this de-
bate, was traced directly to the then head of
the War Department, who failed to communi-
cate these facts, so momentous, to the Presi-
dent of the United States, and in so failing,
failed of his highest duty. That was the cause
of that riot.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri will please suspend. Themorn-
ing hour has expired, and the Post Office
appropriation bill is before the Senate, the
pending question being on the amendment of
the Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Nye,] upon
which last night no quorum voted.
Mr. NYE. I hope we shall take a vote on
this question.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask the indulgence of
the Senator from Minnesota, [Mr. Wtnbom,]
who Ilielieve has this bill in charge, to let it
be passed over informally for the time being
to allow the Senator from Missouri to finish
his remarks, and then I shall ask a moment in
reply, and I will then ask a vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Louisiana asks unanimous consent that
the appropriation bill be passed over inform-
ally so that the Senator from Missouri may
conclude his remarks.
Mr. BLAIR. I will continue my remarks
at some other time when the bill comes up
regularly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator object?
Mr. BLAIR. Yes, sir; I object.
_ Mr. KELLOGG. I ask that the appropria-
tion bill be passed over informally. I cannot
permit this matter to be disposed of in this
wav.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada [Mr. Nye] is entitled to the
floor on the pending amendment to the appro-
priation bill. Does he yield to the Senator
from Louisiana?
Mr. NYE. I yield.
The VICE PRESIDENT The Senator from
Louisiana now moves that the Post Office ap-
propriation bill be laid upon the table for the
purpose of resuming the consideration of the
bill which has occupied the most of the morn-
ing hour.
_Mr. WINDOM. I hope the bill will not be
laid on the table. We were within a few min-
utes of reaching a vote upon it last night.
Mr. KELLOGG. I only wish it to be passed
over informally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri objects to its being passed over in-
formally, and the Senator from Louisiana can
only attain his object by moving to lay the
appropriation bill on the table.
Mr. KELLOGG. Very well; I move that
it be laid on the table.
Mr. WINDOM. If it was to be passed over
informally I would not object; but this polit-
ical debate will doubtless take all the after-
noon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
not debatable unless Senators ask and obtain
unanimous consent to speak upon it. The
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Louisiana, to lay the appropriation bill on the
table, for the purpose of following that with a
motion to continue the consideration of the
Louisiana bill.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Let us have
the yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KELLOGG. I am importuned on all
sides to withdraw this motion, and I will do
so. I wish it understood, however, that I do
so out of deference to the request of two or
three Senators, and now I ask unanimous
consent——
Mr. BLAIR. That is not in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays have been ordered, but the Senator from
Louisiana asks consent to withdraw his mo-
tion. Is there objection to his withdrawing
the motion? ["No!" "No!"] The mo-
tion is withdrawn, and the Post Office appro-
priation bill is before the Senate.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask the indulgence of
the Senator from Minnesota and of the Sen-
ate for a single moment, and I hope they will
accord it to me unanimously. I will occupy but
a few moments. I desire to put myself in a
correct position. It is due to me and due to
my constituents. I am unwilling to occupy a.
false position regarding this matter.
I introduced this bill more than a year ago;
that is to say, I introduced it as I recollect
during the second session of the last Congress;
and 1 did so at the request of many of the
people of my State without regard to color
and without regard to political predilection.
The object of the bill 1 have already explained.
No one can mistake it. The constitution of
the State of Louisiana unfortunately provides
that the State election shall be held on the first
Monday of November, and the law of Con-
gress provides that the presidential electors
shall be chosen on the first Tuesday of Novem-
ber, the day following. The object of this
bill is simply to provide for the choosing of
presidential electors at the coming fall elec-
tion on Monday, the day of the State election,
and after that time the law of Congress is to
operate as it does at the present moment; in
other words, to give the State the opportunity
after the next Legislature is chosen to amend
the constitution of the State so as to provide
that the election for State officers may fall
upon the same day as the choosing of electors.
That, sir, was my sole object, and I stand
here to-day to protest in the name of the peo-
ple of my State against this rawhead and
bloody-bones discussion being dragged in here
on every conceivable occasion. It has noth-
ing to do with this question. As the Senator
from Indiana has well said, the law of Con-
gress to which such reference has been made
applies to the election on Monday, the choos-
ing of Representatives in Congress. Sir, the
principal object of this bill is that the choosing
of electors may fall upon the same day m
order to obviate the expense and inconven-
ience of an election running through two days
in the very heart of the sugar season. Any-
body who knows anything about the great
interests of Louisiana, the sugar-bowl of the
nation, knows that thirty or forty days, com-
mencing about the 20th of October, are con-
sumed in turning out and grinding and pre-
paring for market the whole sugar crop of that
country, and the same may be said of the cot-
ton crop. The people on the Teche and of
the Red river country and all through the
State have petitioned for this measure. The
simple statement of these facts are suffi-
cient to suggest to any Senator, I can but be-
lieve, the necessity and the justice of this
measure.
Sir, I have letters from prominent members
of the Democratic party favoring it. 1 might
specify them with propriety, and if I were to
mention their names Ithink their recommend-
ation in this regard would commend this bill
to the judgment and good will of our friends
on the other side. Those I represent -in part
have asked me to press this bill.
At the last session this bill was reported
favorably from the Committee on the Judiciary,
of which, as every one knows, my honorable
friend from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] is chair-
man; but there was r.o pressing necessity at
that time, and it went over at that session.
Now, sir, it comes from another committee of
eminent lawyers of the Senate, I believe re-
ported with unanimity ; I do not believe, and
I think I can venture to say, that no Senator
upon that committee objected to it.
The Ku Klux law has nothing to do with it.
I admit that one of the acts referred to in this
discussion, the enforcement law, approved
February 28, 1871, applies on the day of elec-
tion to a certain extent in cities of more than
twenty thousand inhabitants, and consequently,
in Louisiana, in New Orleans alone; and, sir,
I believe it would go far to promote order, to
secure peace, and insure a fair election, the
great desire of every honorable citizen.
I cannot understand why there should be
this opposition constantly on a local question
of this nature, when I come here, as I repeat
once more, representing the people of my
State irrespective of party, and throw myself
upon the indulgence of the Senate and ask for
the passage of a bill of universal concernment,
which cannot be said to conflict with one prin-
ciple of common justice, and certainly with
no single clause of the Constitution, no sylla-
ble of recorded law. There is and can be no
objection to it. I am thus earnest because I
desire that the true state of this case shall be
known. It is not to control the election so
much as it is to subserve and promote the
material interests of the people by providing
that the election shall be upon one day, and
not compel them to undergo (which I shall
not dwell upon in detail) the great expense
and inconvenience of an election runuing
through two days.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Portek, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day ap-
proved and signed the act (S. No. 973) to fund
certain liabilities of the city of Washington
existing June 1, 1871, and to limit the debt
and taxation in the District of Columbia.
message from the hol'se.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its*Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 1467) to amend the thirty-
first section of an act entitled "An act for
enrolling and calling out the national militia,
and for other purposes," approved March 3,
1863;
A bill (H. R. No. 1343) supplemental to an
act entitled "An act for the apportionment
of Representatives to Congress among the
several States according to the ninth census;"
A bill (H. R. No. 2227) to regulate the em-
ployment of engineer soldiers on extra duty;
A bill (H. R. No. 2692) to provide for the
establishment of a military prison, and for its
government; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2693) to provide for an
additional term of the district and circuit
court of the United States at Syracuse, New
York.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the amendment of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 1776) declaring
