1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1385
Clellan for President, this Democratic party
declared that the rebellion could not be sub-
dued, and that this Government must be given
up to traitors, and this infamous declaration
this party embodied in their platform, while
at the same time there were thousands of good
and loyal Democrats fighting and spilling their
life-blood to save the nation's throat from the
clqtch of traitors.
So, Mr. Speaker, we see that during the war
there was a wide difference between the Dem-
ocratic party and a war Democrat.
Stephen A. Douglas—all honor to his mem-
ory—m his last expiring breath left the ever
memorable declaration, " Stand by the Union;
stand by the Union of our fathers," while the
Democratic party was giving aid and comfort
totraitorsto sunder that" Union." Andwhile
the great Democrat, Grant, in thunder tones
on the Potomac was proclaiming that he
" would fight it out on that line it' it took all
summer," this Democratic party at Chicago,
in their national convention, was bawling
itself hoarse with the howl that the war was a
failure, and that Grant must retreat and ac-
knowledge himself whipped. But those great
Democrats, Grant, Logan, Sherman, and Sher-
idan, " could not see it." These Democratic
commanders, with the immortal Abraham Lin-
coln as Commander-in-Chief, disregarded this
call, and pursuing, pursued the rebels until
they surrendered; and the war did not prove a
failure.
But, Mr. Speaker, it took blood and it took
treasure to bring the stranded ship into deep
water and clear sailing. But, thanks to the
Almighty, our gallant Commander-in-Chief
proved honest and able, and with the Union
soldier saved our beloved county from de-
struction. Now, after having done so much,
and done it so well, in the immortal words of
Lawrence, " Don't give up the ship."
There is a great work yet to be done. "We
are beginning to see through the clouds a
little. The darkness, the black darkness
brought upon the country by slavery is vanish-
ing, but it has lefc its blight and its mildew, as
I have said, in crippled soldiers, widows and
orphans, and a gigantic debt. This debt must
be paid, and not in greenbacks either, but in
good old-fashioned constitutional money, gold,
gold, and not in promises. Why, a green-
back with its promise written on its face would
not be worth the paper it is written on if this
debt is not to be paid in gold. And yet it has
been the darling doctrine of the Democratic
party, not of Democrats, but of the Demo-
cratic party, to pay the public creditor in this
worthless paper. After sinking the good old
ship that Washington, Jefferson, and Adams,
and a host of worthies built, this party wanted
to cheat those who resurrected that good old
ship out of their pay. First, rob men and
women of their liberty, and then rob the pub-
lic creditor, the "bloated bondholder," of his
just due.
Now, Mr. Speaker, who could be so bold
as to hesitate for one solitary moment as to
which party should run this Government?
Why, this magnificent Republican party, in-
stead of cheating the public creditor out of his
dues, has gone to work since it laid old Jeff
and his rebel crew on the shelf and paid hun-
dreds and hundreds of millions of this debt,
and that in gold. Oh, what a proud record
this party has to bequeath to posterity! It
cleaned out the greatest rebellion the world
ever saw, and is paying the Government debt
in gold. I tell you, Mr. Speaker, let us hur-
rahj hurrah, until we are exhausted with hur-
rahing, in view of the splendor of the principles
of this party. It is the party of loyalty, and
then again it is the party of honesty. Oh,
what a brilliant record 1
To fully estimate the worth and value of this
party just imagine that it never had a birth.
Just imagine that slaveholders had continued
to run this Government. To-day, instead of
the glad shouts on every hand of '' Liberty and
Union," we should hear resounding from
Maine to Georgia, and from the Atlantic to the
Pacific, one long wail of despair. The echo
of the slaveholder's lash would reverberate
from valley to valley, foora hill-top to hill-top,
and the despairing cry of the slave would die
away throughout this broad domain. Now
let us be up and doing, ever hoping, ever
achieving.
To clean out this rebellion, it cost $3,000,-
000,000.
On the 1st day of August, 1865, the recog-
nized indebtedness of the nation was $2,757,-
000,000. In addition to this sum, State war
claims were presented and paid to the amount
of $50,000,000. Extra pay to equalize boun-
ties to volunteers took $50,000,QQQ more.
Then came tens of thousands of unsettled
claims to contractors, and other expenses,
the whole aggregating more than $250,000,000,
all of which last-named sum has been paid,
making the whole debt, as I have stated, at
least $300,000,000. This immense debt has
been reduced below $2,280,000,000, $700,-
000,000 having been paid in the brief period
of six years; almost one fourth of the
cost of the entire war has been paid off,
and not in greenbacks either, but in good
old Democratic money—gold. The credit of
our Government has been wonderfully sus-
tained. When the war terminated our six per
cent, bonds were worth only sixty-five per
cent, in gold. The Government is now able
to sell five per cent, bonds for par in gold
both in Europe and in the United States. I
wonder how our credit would now stand if
Pendleton's scheme had prevailed of paying
the debt in greenbacks ? Ah, Mr. Speaker,
honesty is always the best policy with nations
as well as with individuals.
This Government is as much morally bound
to be honest as individuals. It does not pay
to be anything else in the long run.
Oh, how proud we are and ought to be of this
Republican party. It has saved the Union, abol-
ished slavery, and has sent the infamous doc-
trine of repudiation to the cold shades of eternal
night. One of theproudesttitleswhich aman
can bequeath to posterity is to have it known
that he was an American citizen and a Re-
publican. Let us rejoice that we behold thia
day. Let the country march on to greatness
and glory as a nation, known and honored of
all other nations. The nation has raised its
standard high. Do not let us allow that stand-
ard to be lowered. Let our motto be ever
"Onward and upward, liberty and Union, and
good faith to the public creditor."
This nation has risen from the degradation
of a nation of slaveholders to a nation of equal
rights to all, a nation all of whom can worship
God under their own vino and fig-tree. This
Republican party, after the nation had waded
through seas of blood, costing millions of treas-
ure, has succeeded in resurrecting the Declar-
ation of Independence and establishing its prin-
ciples on a sure footing_ for every man, woman,
and child, whether foreign-born or native, with-
out distinction of race or color. This Repub-
lican party is the party of freedom and pro-
gress. Its motto is ever "Onward and up-
ward—excelsior, excelsior."
Mr. Speaker, when we reflect how great
things this party has done—how it has forever
silenced that monster, secession, a child of
the bottomless pit ought we not to love that
party? Ought we not to cherish its principles
with reverence, and swear eternal fidelity to
the principles of that party? Then let us each
and all to-day renew our oath of fealty, and
swear that, live or die, survive or perish, sink
or swim, we will forever stand by that party
that saved the Union.
Mr. Speaker, the Democratic party to-day
are at sea, and at sea in their old ship with-
out a rudder. They are drifting. Some time
in the month of January last this party held a
caucus, a council of war, in their hall, and the
chief sachem was elevated to the chair. These
Demoorats met in council to deliberate upon
their condition. They met to consult upon
what course of policy to pursue in the coming
presidential contest that is about to rock this
continent from eenterto circumference. Well,
sir, they had nothing to say. That Demo-
cratic caucus had nothing new to offer. This
national Democratic caucus was just about as
progressive in morals and in politics as the
last Democratic State convention which was
held iu the capital of my State, at which time,
the Democratic party put forth the following
resolution as one of the planks in their plat-
form:
" Resolved, That the Democratic party of this State
hereby reaffirms its entire faith in the wisdom and
efficacy of tho great fundamental truths of govern-
ment held and applied to the workings of onr na-
tional and State systems of government by Thomas
Jefferson, the illustrious founder of the Democratic
party. Having maintained the same great princi-
ples for upward of three quarters of a century while
it managed the affairs of the Government, advanc-
ing the progress and preserving tho rights of the
whole people, it has no new principles to put for-
ward or advocate."
No, Mr. Speaker, this Democratic Rip Van
Winkle party stand just where they stood at the
breaking out of the rebellion, when that party
declared the right to break up the Union. They
have no " new principles'' to put forward. The
party stands to-day where it has stood at least
for the last twelve years. And I tell the Re-
publicans throughout the country, let this cor-
rupt party elect its President and get control
of this Government, no Union man would be
safe a day in the South. Hell, in other words
the Ku KIux, would be let loose, and assassi-
nation of Union men and Republicans would
be the order of the day. The burning of
dwellings and midnight murder would reign
supreme, because it would be unconstitutional
to put down the Itu Klux.
Mr. Speaker, once more we are about enter-
ing upon a presidential campaign. Once in
four years our country has to go through the
throes of a great battle to decide what party is
to go into power, and " pull" the "whole of
the machinery of the Government to pieces."
According to the Constitution of our Govern-
ment, which the people ordained, there is no
escape from this. Our fathers, in their wis-
dom, concluded that four years of trial as to
what men or what party or what policy should
guide the Government was sufficient time.
And the very fact, Mr. Speaker, that they
fixed the tenure of the office of the President
at four years proves conclusively and beyond
the power of dispute that our fathers did not
intend that the offices, nor any particular pol-
icy, should be perpetual. And not only that,
but it proves that the people are the source of
all power in our republican form of govern-
ment. The very beginning words of our
charter repels any other idea, for it declares
that " we, the people, in order to form a more
perfect Union," &c., "do ordain and establish
this Government."
This being the fact, no State could elect a
President, but the people of the United States
are to choose that officer. And under this
Constitution, this organic law, no power short
of the power of the people can prevent them
from exercising that privilege, of placing
whomsoever they see fit in the presidential
chair. Whether the man of their choice is
learned or unlearned; whether he has been
" through college," as thephraseis, or whether
he has only a common-school education; or
whether, like our Abraham Lincoln, he has edu-
cated himself; or whether he can stand'the fire
of a competitive examination of agreat " advis-
ory board,'' it can make no difference; whether
he is a good speller or not ; whether he can spell
'' certiorari" (as it is said one of the Presidents
could not to save his life) or not; whether he
understands Latin, Greek, and all of mathe-
matics, the people of these United States have
the right to choose any one native-born cit-
izen, whether black as the ace of spades or
white, to be their President, without any inter-
