4074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May SO,
lis to build ships and increase the number of
our mechanics, and have facilities for con-
structing a navy in time of need, by letting
back these old hulks. Many of them were
Bold; most of them were rotten; and I can-
not see any parallel between that and amnesty.
This is a commercial question entirely, as I
understand. The reason why I vote for a
drawback is not so much to get ships as it is
to have ships built here, because we can get
ships without this; we can let ships built
abroad come here. If you let them register
here you will have plenty of ships. You need
not have drawback for that. Just let any ship
register, if that is the object. We can get
ships enough if you allow our people to buy
them iu any market. But it is claimed that
we want mechanics here so that we can build
ships in case of necessity. If we are to have
a navy, that is of the first importance. Buy-
ing ships or bringing back the old hulks will
not supply us with mechanics, and will not
revive ship-building industry in this country.
I cannot see any relation between this and
amnesty.
Mr. HAMLIN. It seemsto me there is one
very substantial objection against the amend-
ment submitted by the Senator from Maryland,
and it. is this: these vessels were put under for-
eign flags during the war ; I will assume, if you
please, that they weie put there for patriotic
and proper purposes, to preserve them ; 1 will
admit that; but still, is it not most unjust to
those who did not so divest themselves of their
ownership of vessels and place them under
foreign flags? Why? During all the war every
Senator knows how onerous were the taxes
that we imposed upon our navigation. Every
owner of every vessel was •steeped to the very
lips in taxation. I think there was no class of
property in all the land upon which so oner-
ous a burden of taxation was placed as upon
your navigation, and that was one of the rea-
sons of its diminution. Now, is it just, I ask
the Senate, to allow those vessels which sought
(shelter and protection under a foreign flag to
come back upon terms of equality with those
who paid those large taxes during the war?
They went out from us ; they paid 110 part of
the burdens incurred in the war; they con-
tributed nothing toward the support of the
Government; and now they come back while
those whose property remained under our flag
did pay these large taxes. It does seem to me
in that light, to be most unjust.
Mr. KliLLOGG. It is very evident that
this bill cannot be finished to-night. We have
been in session more than eleven hours. 1
move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being
on a division—ayes 21. noes 29.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland.
Mr. CORBETT. The Committee on Com-
merce after hearing soma forty different rep-
resentatives of the commercial interests of
this country that came before that committee
and made various recommendations with re-
gard to the restoration of American commerce,
reported this as one of the provisions of their
plan. It was said that large numbers of
American owners who had lost perhaps nearly
all of their ships had kept them under the
American flag until they were almost ruined
in some instances; and while in foreign ports,
their captains placed their American ships
under foreign flags, and they have remained
under foreign flags until the present day. It
was thought that from the fact that the Gov-
ernment of the United States could not pro-
tect these vessels, it was nothing more than
almost any individual would have done, if
they were m a foreign country, and were beset
by enemies, that they would have placed
themelves, in order to be protected, under a
foreign flag. These vessels did the same.
These masters of ships, in order to protect
their own lives and preserve the little prop-
erty they had left, placed the vessels under a
foreign flag, and now they ask to be restored.
They are paying taxes to foreign Governments,
and they simply ask that they may have the
same rights that you extend to your American
citizens who went into the rebellion and have
now been restored to the rights of citizenship,
and are now American citizens. These ves-
sels desire to take American registers, and
for that reason, after the committee had re-
fused for ten years to do this, they have finally
come to the conclusion that at this time in
order to increase American tonnage it is
proper to extend this privilege.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask that
unanimous consent be given to take the re-
maining questions without further debate, in
order that we may close this bill to-night.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont asks unanimous consent
that votes be taken without further debate.
Mr. CONKLING. What vote?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. All votes.
Mr. CHANDLER. Oh no: that will not do.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
is made, and the proposition cannot be enter-
tained.
Mr. VICIvERS. Mr. President, I listened
to the Senators from Maine for some sound rea-
son why my amendment should not be adopted.
I do not consider that the first Senator who
spoke offered any reason, and that the reason
offered by the second was more specious than
sound.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator has already spoken once.
Mr. VICIvERS. I did not speak my five
minutes. Why, sir, the life of a wooden ship is
only about eleven or twelve years. Most of
the ships that took a foreign flag are eleven
or twelve years old, and three fourths of the
American ships that have sailed under the
American flag have been built since the war.
We have had the advantage of the commerce
which these ships brought to our country.
We had the advantage of it during the war.
We needed the commerce, and it was only
the fear of being destroyed on the high seas
by the Alabama, the Florida, and other like
vessels, that induced the owners to take a
foreign flag. It was not from any disloyalty
to this Government. They were always loyal,
and they have always been anxious to come
back. I do not see any analogy between the
case cited by the Senator from Maine and the
case now before the Senate.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I should like
to inquire whether this amendment is reported
by the committee?
Mr. VICKERS. Yes, sir; by the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I confess that on this point I differ with my
friend from Maine. I understand that the
owners of these vessels were taxed during the
war.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. As they were
American citizens, their personal property was
taxed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. These are sales
where the ships are nominally transferred and
held in the name of British subjects, and of
course are not taxed, and never have been.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. They parted
with their ships because we could not protect
them, or rather they placed their ships under
a foreign flag rather than have them fall into
the hands of the rebel cruisers, thereby doing
a service to the country. Now, it does seem
to me that when a citizen owns a ship upon
the high seas and the nation is entirely unable
to protect him, and rather than have it fall
into the hands of the enemy he places it under
a foreign flag, he has been guilty of no act of
disloyalty. If it is desirable that we should
increase our commerce, or rather the number
of our vessels, this is a much more easy and
economical way of doing it than to pay draw-
backs for having other vessels built. I shall
therefore vote for this proposition.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VICKERS. There is another amend-
ment relating to this subject, the fourth sec-
tion of the bill of the Committee on Com-
merCe
The' PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland moves the amendment
which will be reported.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think Imust demand a
vote on the next reserved amendment, because
it is important to dispose of them, and Sen-
ators are deserting me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland can reserve his amend-
ment.
Mr. VICKERS. I will reserve it.
The next reserved amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole was on page 33, to
strike out the tenth section of the House bill,
in the following words:
Sec. 10. That all laws and parts of laws requiring
that all duties on imports shall be paid in gold be,
and they are hereby, so far modified that hereafter
one third of all duties on imports may be paid, by
the individual or corporation paying tile same, to
the proper collecting officer of the U nited States, of
such import duties, in the legal-tender notes of the
Unired Shues, anil the other two thirdsof the duties
which are required by law to be paid by such person
or corporation shall be paid in gold ; and all laws
and parts of laws now in force aro repealed so far
as they come in conflict with the provisions of this
act: Provided, That the notes of national banks
required by law to be redeemed in gold may bo
received for import duties.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 should be glad to
adopt this section as it came from the House,
but, I understand that the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole struck it out, and perhaps
there is very little hope that the Senate will
reverse that decision. I think this would be
taking a step in the right direction and toward
coming to specie payments at some time. I
do not believe we can ever have a sound cur-
rency in this country, have a proper circula-
tion that shall be convertible, while we have
three or four hVindred millions of paper money
in circulation which by law is made a legal
tender for the payment of debts. I should be
willing to go as far as the House has gone and
adopt this section ; but as I suppose the Sen-
ate will not do that I will make a motion to
modify the section before the vote is taken
upon it. My motion will be to strike out in line
three the word "third" and insert ''eighth,"
so that one eighth of all the duties on imports
may be paid in legal-tender notes. That will
make it necessary also to strike out "'two
thirds" in line seven and insert "seven
eighths," so that seven eighths shall be paid
in gold and one eighth in legal tenders. If
those amendments should prevail,,I shall then
move, after the words " United States," in line
seven, to insert the words "which when re-
ceived shall be destroyed," the object being to
receive one eighth of our customs duties in
legal-tender notes, which when received shall
be destroyed, and in that way we shall grad-
ually get rid of the legal-tender notes.
I think it would be proper to couple with
the retiring of the legal-tender notes, but I
will not make that motion now, a provision
allowing national bank circulation to be in-
creased pari passu with the withdrawal of the
legal-tender notes, but I think the country will
not suffer from so gradual a reduction of its
circulation as the receipt of one eighth of our
custom duties in legal-tender notes and their
destruction. It would amount to between one
and two million dollars per month, prob-
ably not more than $15,000,000 in the year.
Mr. MORTON. It would amount to
$25,000,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amount of duties
we received last year was a little over two
huadred millions, and one eighth would be, as
the Senator from Indiana states, about twenty-
