490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
atrocities have shown to him and his associates
their maimed and scarred bodies. The sur-
viving relatives of murdered men have told
their tale of cruelty and suffering and blood
into bis sympathizing ear. He has thoroughly
informed himself of the terrible truths which
will in all future time and in all nations cause
the name of the Ku Klux Klan to be abhorred
among men. He and his associates went pre-
pared to find great wrongs, but they found they
had had but imperfect conceptions of the mag-
nitude of the atrocities really committed, it
passes comprehension how men can be schooled
to do some of the acts which have been proven
beyond cavil to have been committed by this
band of outlaws.
But, Mr. President, the Senator from Penn-
sylvania comes back from this tour of obser-
vation iu the southern States recommending
amnesty. This is evidence that he sees no
necessity for waiting until outrages cease in
the South before we grant to late rebels a
relief from those disabilities consequent upon
their rebellion. His experience is only the
common one. Whatever may be the precon-
ceived notions of any intelligent observer, the
chances are largely in favor of his being con-
vinced of the necessity of passing an amnesty
bill by personal acquaintance wit.li the people
and governments of the southern States.
I do not anticipate all the benefits from this
measure which would have attended its pas-
sage two or three years since. Much of the
evil necessarily consequent upon the system
of political disabilities has been done, and is
past remedy. It is se^n in the condition of
too many of the southern States to day. It
will long remain, and will yield only to the
slow curative processes ot time. But amnesty
will do good now, and much good. Let us
repair as far as possible what I cannot refrain
from calling the errors of the past by passing
a measure of real and complete amnesty. Let
us make a clean bill. 1 would wipe out the
whole list of disabilities at one swoop, and
cease to peddle out relief as has hitherto been
doue. Tticy are evil, and continually evil.
Theie need be no fear that the distinction
between loyalty and disloyalty in the great
crisis of our national exigence will be lost
sight of by our children or our children's
children.
The revolution which has caused an upheaval
and overthrow of the whole social fabric of a
people; which has raised from slavery a race
and placed them on the same plane politically
with their former masters ; which has devel-
oped I lie strength of our institutions as no
other event iu our national existence has done;
which has le.'t its impress 111 every village and
city of our lane!; which hits really modified our
whole national lrfe. needs no pet'y provision
for tlie exclusion of this or that man fiom
office, to preserve its memory. In lines more
enduring than those engraved on brass, in
forms more substantial than those molded iu
marble or bronze, it has embodied its spirit iu
the very life of the Union, and it can no more
perish out of the memories of men than light
can cease to stream fiom the sun in heaven.
Sir. President, I have said that I do not ad-
vocate this bill as a measure ot justice or gen-
erosity. It does not conflict with justice; but
I advocate it as a measure of policy. I wish
to secure the best government possible in the
southern States, and this measure is one of the
means to that end; nay, one without which,
I-think it has been demonstrated, good gov-
ernments can hardly be maintained there. It
being one of the chief objects of good govern-
ment to secure justice, this, as one of the steps
to that object, is a measure of justice. But if
it be claimed that, for anjthingdone by them,
those laboring under disabilities deserve a
measure of relief, I dissent entirely from this
view. I ask amnesty for them because by it
they may be put where they are more potent
for good than they now are.
I would give them all the privileges of citi-
zens. because T would place upon them all the
i esponsibilities of citizens. I would take away
from them a badge of distinction between them
and their neighbors which they holdup to pub-
lic gaze as a grievance, and enlist thereby the
sympathies of men equally guilty but accident-
ally unaffected by the constitutional amend-
ment.
I ask for amnesty because I regard it as a
means for quieting the South, and so benefit-
ing the whole country. Disorder or faction
in Louisiana or South Carolina does not re-
strain its baleful influences within the limits
of those States, but it makes itself felt in the
workshops and marts of Massachusetts and
Connecticut. Quiet, good order, good govern-
ment are profitable, not mei'ely to the society
in which tbey prevail, but to all people with
whom that society has commercial, industrial,
or political relations.
No sound principle is sacrificed by grant-
ing amnesty. Political disabilities, whatever
apology or excuse might have existed for them
when they were imposed, have ceased to have
any reasonable ground for existense. The
last of the southern States is admitted to its
full privileges as a member of the brotherhood
of States ; the constitutional amendments in-
tended to secure the principles established by
the war and subsequent events have been ac-
cepted as valid. There can be no fear or dan-
ger of their being disturbed. Political rights*
once acquired by a people are not surrendered
except through the process of despotism, a
process from which we need fear nothing
unless we are untrue to ourselves and to all
the traditions and instincts of our race.
There in nothing good left for political dis-
abilities to do, even if they ever did any good.
They should be swept away. I do not imagine
the passage of a bill of amnesty will modify
the complexion of any State, materially, so
far as the political faith of its people is con-
cernetl. Republican States will remain Re-
publican, and there will be considerable num-
bers of intelligent men enabled to serve, as
good citizens and good Republicans, the cause
of good government. Democratic States may
remain Democratic; but they will at least be
enabled to select their public servants from the
best of their citizens. I do nof, fear that these
Halls will beaguin \ioiiedby those who left them
iu I8G1 to join the host of rebellion. Theyhave
derived much of their present cousequeacs
from the factitious advantage you have given
them by the imposition of disabilities. Relieve
them from these, and they will generally sink
into an oblivion from which that, distinction
only has kept them in the past. But if, Bour-
bon-like, our southern friends choose to send
Mr. Jefferson Davis or Mr. Alexander H. Ste-
phens to this Hall, what better electioneering
capital could Republican politicians desire?
Some of our victories of late years have re-
sulted from the blunders of our political oppo-
nents ; but they have never made so capital a
blunder as placing Mr. Davis or Mr. Stephens
in the Senate would be. Stephens iu his news-
paper is valuable beyond calculation to the
cause of Republicanism ; what would he not
be worth in the Senate or House of Represent-
atives? An occasional speech from Mr. Davis
demoralizes the Democratic party South, and
disgusts the Democratic party North. What
would not his utterances be worth to Repub-
licanism if they could be made as those of one
ot the representatives of the Democratic party
on this floor?
But, Mr. President, these men will return
to public life no more. They were failures
as leaders on the chosen field of the South.
Nothing but your system of disabilities could
have brought them out of the Lethe into which !
they would otherwise long since have hope-
lessly sunk.
I would, Mr. President, have the second
section of this bill stricken out. 1 would not
require any new oath-taking. This multipli-
cation of oaths is, in my judgment, of no
worth. The man who lias no other induce-
ment to remaiu loyal than an oath will find
some solvent effectual to melt away its obliga-
tion when the occasion for disloyalty presents
itself. Casuists will find ready absolution for
the transgression of the literal terms of the
obligation in the plea that its substance is kept
sacred. Or they will, as they have often done
before, say that the oath is taken under a
duress which deprives it of its binding force.
You may say, sir, and we all may say, that no
man of honor will thus evade the effect of the
oath. .But we know from examples without,
number what political oaths are worth; and
we estimate their value much as custom-house
brokers, not to say importers, do " custom-
house oatbs," which is, I regret to say, at a
very low rate. Besides, every man who takes
theoat.hto support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted Stales reserves the right to be the judge
of what that obligation means. The oath
should unquestionably bind him who takes it
to observe it as those whose duty it is to intei-
pret it make interpretation of its require-
ments. But we must look at what is, not at
what ought to be; and we shall be justified
in attaching very little practical value to the
oath prescribed in this section. Oaths are too
cheap. Let us not cheapen them more. Let
us strike out the second section with its oaths
and its other machinery.
A few words more, Mr. President, and I shall
have done. I have sa>d, sir, that I regard the
attempt to attach the supplementary civil
rights bill to the pending measure as an un-
friendly act toward the former. Well may the
civil rights bill ask to be delivered from such
peril. I say also, Mr. President, that the at-
tempt to unite these two measures is in effect
an unfriendly act to the amnesty measure. I
de not charge the Senator from Massachusetts
with the purpose to defeat the amnesty bill by
this unnecessary and unnatural union. I do
say that the amnesty bill is endangered by ilie
alliance. And I may be paidoned for saying
that it is a noticeable coincidence that this
motion to amend comes from a Senator who
has hitherto been the persistent opponent of a
general amnesty bill. 1 will not ask the ques-
tion how fir the zeal of the Senator for the
passage of his civil lights bill instigates his
motion, or how far he may be unconsciously
moved by his long-entertained hostility to the
amnesty policy. Senators are but men ; and
men act from mixed motives, even they them-
selves often being unconscious of the propor-
tions in which the mixture is made up.
1 again say, I hope both these bills will, when
properly shaped, become law. I shall work
for the passage of each at the earliest practi-
cable moment. That moment will, in my judg-
ment, be considerably delayed by attempting
to unite them. The amnesty bill is the pend-
ing bill. I say let us now work for that.
Were the bill of the Senator from Massachu-
setts the pending measure, or were there good
reason to suppose thateach would be strength-
ened by the other, I should say let us work
for that. _
I have'done,_ and I have no fear, sir, that
any class of citizens who choosc lo examine
my record in this Chamber on this or any
other question affecting their rights will seri-
ously question my zeal or my fidelity to the
principles of justice and equality. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts may not agree with
me as to how the work to be done shall be
brought about. I shall bear, with as much
patience as I can command, the censure the
Senator may see fit to place on these who
do not see their duty exactly as ho does, re-
membering, as some compensation for the
regret I experience at my failure to meet his
approbation, that the methods by which many
ot the great measures in behalf of human
rights and equality enacted within the past few
years were consummated were subjected to
his severe criticism, and yet served their pur-
pose very well. I shall, before the amnesty
