1886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
ference by a "board," or from any quarter
under the whole heavens, the people being
the source of all government in our country.
Mr. Speaker, under this rule it will be seen
that the people once in every four years can
"pull to pieces" the entire " machinery " of
the Government, and establish any policy
which they please, and establish any form of
government they choose to establish, always
keeping and maintaining the government
republican in form and in principle.
Indeed, I will go so far as to say that this
Government of these United States is so far
under the control and direction of the people
that if they choose they could overthrow the
present form of government and establish a
one-man power, a monarchy. But before
doing that, to do that they must first change
the Constitution. This principle the Demo-
cratic party admitted at the breaking out of
the rebellion, when they declared the right to
dissolve the Government by the States seced-
ing from the Government, and this that party
claimed the right to do by virtue of the Con-
stitution of these United States. And that
party was so strong and powerful that no voice
could reach them but the persuasive voice of
the cannon. That party was so strongly rooted
to the doctrine of secession that no persuasion
but the voice, the persuasive voice of powder
and ball, could reach them; and argument
being abandoned, the question being with-
drawn from the legislative Halls of Congress,
from the forum, it was left for the dread and
dire arbitrament of war to settle. And after
four years of struggle such as the world never
saw, for the time being that party yielded, and
only yielded to superior force, never, however,
having yielded the principle of the right of
secession.
Mr. Speaker, these things being true, we
can see how all-important it becomes who,
what man, and what policy is to obtain or bear
sway for and during the next four years.
And let it be remembered that every four
.years, so long as our present Constitution
stands, the people of this country will be called
upon to go through the terribly exciting trial
of electing a President. And, sir, next fall
the people are to decide once more and again
what man and what policy shall for the next
fouryears sontrol, completely control without
. any compromise, this Government. The great
question to be decided is whether the Repub-
lican party or the Democratic party is to elect
a President. If the Republican party in the
coming campaign elects its President, then the
policy of that party for the next four years will
control the Government. If the Democratic
party in the coming campaign elects its Presi-
dent, then the policy of that party will control
the Government.
Hence, Mr. Speaker, it becomes important
for the people to know what the policies of the
great parties are. Our Government is based
upon, and carried on now by the Republican
party upon the principle of the equality before
the law, of all the people of these United States.
I say, sir, that this is the fundamental princi-
ple of the Republican party.
Now, sir, having declared this of the Re-
publican party, can we make the same dec-
laration of the Democratic party 1 If so, when
did that party change? At what time? I say,
when did that party change? That party
moved heaven, earth- and hell, for four years
to prevent the establishment of this principle,
to wit, the equality of the people before the
law. Now, when did that party chauge?
Echo answers, when ?
Alexander H. Stephens, the Democratic vice
president of the southern confederacy, in a
public speech, declared that the doctrine of
the immortal Declaration of Independence was
a lie; and he further btated that they (the
confederate States) had founded an entire new
form of government, the "chief corner-stone
of which was slavery," He was and is a
Democrat, and at the time of this utterance
that was the doctrine of the Democratic party.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I ask again, when, at what
time, did that party change? I make the
assertion that at no time as a party have the
Democrats ever promulged the doctrine of the
equality of men before the law. Indeed, I
will go so far as to say that that party hold
that the thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth
amendments are void, that they are not a part
of the Constitution of the United States. It
will not be denied, I presume, that the leaders
of that party govern the party, mold and control
its policy. Now, just hear what a leader, a dis-
tinguished United States Senator of the Demo-
cratic carty, on the 30th day of January last,
1872, "said in regard to the constitutionality
of the fourteenth amendment. I quote his
" Now, sir, here is a class of our fellow-citizens
debarred of the rights and privileges that the rest
of us enjoy, and how arc they debarred?"
Here the distinguished Senator and Demo-
crat was speaking of traitors.
" By tho operation of the fourteenth amendment—
I am not now going to discuss the legality and bind-
ing force of that amendment—that is not my object;
but I mean to say this : that whatever authority it
may have, however binding that amendment may
be—and upon that point I havo my own opinion,
and upon a proper occasion should not hesitate to
express it—yet the very manner in which that
amendment was adopted entitles the men who are
placed under disabilities by it to have their disabil-
itiesremoved. We all know that that amendment
was proposed in tho Congress of the United States
when these southern States were not admitted to
representation in the Halls of Congress. They had
no voice in the proposition to submit the amend-
ment to the people of the country. On the contrary,
their States wero under military rule, and their
most intelligent citizens were not allowed to exer-
cise tho privileges of freemen. Although that amend-
ment was afterward proclaimed as having received
the requisite number of votes to become ratified and
become a part of the Constitution, yet the very man-
ner in which it was ratified and became a part of
the Constitution has raised tho suspicion in the
minds of many [Democrats] that it has no legal or
binding foroe in law."
The foregoing language is from a leading
Democrat, and an United States Senator. At
the last presidential campaign, Blair owed
his position on the Democratic ticket to the
fact that he announced in advance of his nom-
ination that if he should ever be placed in a
position where he could use the power he
would declare himself dictator and overthrow
this Government. And that I may not incur
a denial of this allegation, I will read his letter
written to Colonel James 0. Brodhead, of
June 30, 1868 : j
Dear Coloxel: In reply to your inquiries I |
beg leave to say that I leave to you tod-etermine, on j
consultation with my friends from Missouri, whether !
my name shall be presented to the Democratic con- j
vention, and to submit tho following as what I con- I
siderthe real and only issue in this contest. The |
reconstruction policy of the Radicals will be com-
plete before the next election: the States so long
excluded will have been admitted, negro suffrago
established, and the carpet-baggers installed in their
seats in both branches of Congress. There is no
possibility of changing the political character of the
Senate, even if tho Democrats should elect their
President and a majority of the popular branch of
Congress.
We cannot, therefore, undo the Radical plan of
reconstruction by congressional action. The Senate
will continue a bar to its repeal. Must wo submit
to it? How can it be overthrown ? It can only be
overthrown by the authority of the Executive, who
is sworn to maintain tho Constitution, and who will
fail to do his duty if ho allows the Constitution to
perish under a series of congressional enactments
which are inpalpable violation of its fundamental
principles. If the President elected by the Democ-
racy enforces or permits others to enforce these
reconstruction acts, tho Radicals, by the accession of
twenty spurious Senators and fifty Representatives,
will control both branches of Congress, and his ad-
ministration will be as powerless as the present one
of Mr. Johnson.
There is but one way to restore tho Government
and the Constitution, and that is for the President-
elect to declare these acts null and void, compel the
Army to undo its usurpations at the South, disperse
the carpet-bag State governments, allow the white
people to reorganize their own governments, and
elect Senators and Representatives. The House of
Representatives will contain a majority of Dem-
ocrats from the North, and they will admit the
Representatives elected by the white people of the
South, and with the cooperation of the President it
will not be difficult to compel the Senate to submit
once more to the obligations of the Constitution.
It will not be able to withstand the public judgment
if distinctly invoked and clearly expressed on this
FRANK P. BLAIR.
fundamental issue, and itis the sure way to avoid all
future strife to put the issue plainly to the oountry.
I repeat, that this is the real and only question
which we should allow to control us : Shall we sub-
mit to the usurpations by which the Government,
has been overthrown, orshall woexertourselves for
its full and complete restoration ? It is idle to talk
of bonds, greenbacks, gold, the publicfait.h, and the
public credit. What can a Democratic President do
in regard to any. of these with a Congress in both
branches controlled by the carpet-baggers and their
allies ? Ho will bo powerless to stop the supplies by
which idle negroes are organized into political
clubs, by which an army is maintained to protect
these vagabonds in their outrages upon the ballot.
These, and things like these, eat'up the revenue and
resources of the Government and destroy its credit;
make the difference between gold and greenbacks.
We must restore tho Constitution before we can re-
store the finances; and to do this we must have a
President who will execute the will of the people by
trampling into dust the usurpation of Congress
known as the reconstruction acts.
I wish to stand before the convention upon this
issue, but it is one which embraces everything else
that is of value in its large and comprehensive re-
sults. It is the one thing that includes all that is
worth a contest, and without it there is nothing
that gives dignity, honor, or value to the struggle.
Your friend.
Colonel James 0. Bbodhead.
Mr. Speaker, this letter was written a few
days only before the Democratic convention
met in July to nominate candidates for Presi-
dent and Yice President; and upon this letter
of Blair's being read in that convention, it
nominated him by acclamation. And as' a
part of its platform, and to be in full accord
with Blair's letter, it adopted the following :
" And that we regard the reconstruction acts (so
called) of Congress, as suoh, as usurpations and
unconstitutional, revolutionary, and void."
Adopting the very language of Blair in his
letter. Who is so silly as to doubt if Seymour
and Blair had been elected that the policy
announced in Blair's letter and put into the
Democratic platform would have been carried
out, and if Seymour had been found faint-
hearted this Democratic party could very easily
have found a way to hoist Blair into the presi-
dential ehair, and the whole land would again
have been drenched in blood ? Blair is a man
who means what he says.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I ask again, when did
that party change its principles? When the
rebellion broke out, the Democratic party, as
a party, denied the right of the Government
to put down the rebellion. And at Chicago,
in 1864, in their convention they declared that
the war was a failure, and that the Army ought
to be disbanded. And in 1868, after the Re-
publican party had whipped the rebels and the
Democratic party, that party again embodied
in their platform the declaration that every-
thing that the Republican party had done was
unconstitutional and void, and nominated a
man who boldly proclaimed that if he became
President he would declare himself dictator,
and at the head of the Army place the rebel-
lious States where they were before the war
and at the time they seceded.
Ever since the rebel Democrats South were
whipped, the Democratic party in Congress
and out of it have by speeches, by platforms,
resolutions, and by votes given their south-
ern Democratic brethren to understand that in
the melancholy event of the Democratic party
getting control of the Government the South
would have what they call their rights re-
stored to them. And this very day the mem-
ory of that traitor, Robert B. Lee, is em-
balmed in the heart of every southern Demo-
crat. On the 22d of February I visited the
city of Alexandria, and there I was horrified
to witness the celebration of the memory of
this very Lee, and I was still more shocked
upon entering the church where the Father
of our Country had once worshiped to see
hung upon the wall the tablet which read aa
follows: "To the sacred memory of Robert
E. Lee,", and when I expressed my astonish-
ment and remarked that Robert E. Lee was a
traitor, the man in charge replied that ".Lee
was no traitor.''
Now, Mr. Speaker, if such acts of disloyalty
can be done in the green tree, what will be
