1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2283
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The order
of the day now is bills reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Sir. CAMERON. I ask the Senator from
Massachusetts to give way that I may make a
motion. I move to postpone all other orders
for the purpose of disposing of this question
in regard to t1 e location of the depot.
Mr. WILSON. 1 should be glad to accom-
modate the Senator, but I think we can get
through in a couple of hours with all the bills
we have from the Military Committee, and
before we adjourn he will have time enough for
that. I hope he will allow me to go on. This
day has been set apart specially for this pur-
pose.
Mr. CAMERON. I know that, but I think
we can get through with this matter iu a few
moments. There will be no further discus-
sion.
Mr. WILSON. At the suggestion of Sen-
tors about me, I will let the regular order go
over, not to exceed half an hour, if we can
get a vote in that lime on the railroad bill.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts consents that the business
of the Committee on Military Affairs be post-
poned tor half an hour with a view of dis-
posing of the question of the reference of the
railroad bill.
BALTIMORE AND POTOMAC RAILROAD.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 2187) to confirm the action
of the board of aldermen and common council
of the city of Washington designating a depot
site for the Baltimore and Potomac Railroad
Company, and for other purposes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am not
entirely ignoiant, as the Senator from Penn
sylvania would seem to represent me, in rela-
tion to the progress and the vast increase of
the power and strength of railroads. I re-
member that the first engine that was put up
by Stephenson in 1824 ran only six miles an
hour. Five years later, iu 1829, an engine
was constructed so as to run fifteen miles an
hour. In 1834 it was increased still more,
until now it is possible to run an engine
seventy miles an hour.
Mr. TRUMBULL. W7ill the Senator from
Vermont give way to see if we cannot pro
ceed with the Indian appropriation bill?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senate
has voted it down.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But we can move to
take it up. If the Senator will give way, I
will make that motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I should
hardly think that would be quite fair to my
friend from Massachusetts, who gave way for
thirty minutes fur the purpose of having a vote
upon the reference of this railroad bill. I do
nut propose to occupy more than five minutes.
Mr. President, 1 am not unaware of the
utility of railroads. I am not unaware ol the
rapid spread of them through this and other
countries. I am not unaware that in Penn-
sylvania they have a corporation that started
without a dollar invested in any railroad at the
time, which now has the control of railroads
from Philadelphia to Chicago, to St. Louis  
Mr. CAMERON. I want to correct a mat-
ter of lact on the part of the Senator. He says
the Pennsylvania Railroad Company started
without a dollar of capital. It started with
$9,000,000 paid up, and they have paid inter-
est every day since.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. But did not
own a single mile of railroad.
Mr. CAMERON. They built them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. And that
corporation extends in its connections, or did,
as far as Salt Lake. It has come here; it has
gone south to Mobile and New Orleans, and I
know that in addition to the potent influence
my friend from Pennsylvania we have this
extended influence to meet upon this occasion.
I desire to say, however, that I do not impute
any unworthy motives to Senators, whether
they have passes in their pockets or not. I
believe that if a Senator should find a pass in
his pocket that influenced his vote he would
immediately get rid of it. I have that confi-
dence iu Senators to believe that they would
not be influenced in their votes in relation to
a matter of this kind by any petty favors of
that sort. '
But, Mr. President, there are other consid-
erations in relation to this matter. It is by no
means settled yet whether the laws passed in
1870 and 1871 in relation to the canal here
will prove to be such laws as will be beneficial
or be tolerated for any length of time. If we
may believe the most intelligent engineers that
we have here, such men as General Meigs,
Captain Patterson, and at least a dozen others
of the most eminent of their profession, what
we have done will have to be entirely undone.
We have authorized the city government here
and the Board of Public Works to take charge
of this caual and to make a sewer, or to close
it up and cover it up, as they may see fit. They
have seen fit to go forward and avail themselves
of an appropriation made by Congress of
$50,000 and the authorization of $100,000 tax
to cover up the outlet leading westward to the
Potomac.
Now, it is said by these engineers—with what
truth I do not know, but certainly with so much
of probability as to be worthy of our consider-
ation—that whenever a freshet shall come here
upon a high tide, the whole of this superstruc-
ture that has been put up here covering up the
outlet will be broken and this part of the city
will be flooded. In 1868—and we have not
had a severe storm since—in the space of two
and a half hours this little raging Tiber here
rose two feet and an inch. Aud now it is
proposed to have only one outlet for sewerage
and one other for the Tiber, aud, as a matter
of course, the tide rises as high whether you
approach by way of the navy yard or wheLher
you approach from the west side from the Poto-
mac, and it is not imprubable that it will be
found for the purposes of sanitary security that
we shall have to have an open space for the
caual and for the outlet something larger than
can be merely covered up in an ordinary brick
sewer.
Mr. PATTERSON. Let me correct my
friend. There are two outlets. There is one
east or southeast for the sewers on this side
of Fifth street and for Tiber creek. There
is another outlet southwesterly for the sewers
on the other side.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I said there
was one outlet for the sewers and the other for
the Tiber. Now, if it should so happen either
for the purpose of the health of this city or in
case of' any laige amount of freshet at. a flood-
tide that the outlets for the sewers aud for the
Tiber were insufficient, then this site for the
railroad might be interfered with; it would
have to be removed, and a new outlet would
have to be found at whatever cost or expense.
But, Mr. President, I do not desire to go
into a discussion of what may be considered
the merits of the question. As 1 said before,
if the Senate are ready to vote that this ground
belongs to the city of Washington, and that
the United States have no title to it, then I
do not ask that they shall refer this measure
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, the ques-
tion before the Senate is which committee,
that on the District of Columbia or that on
Public Buildings and Grounds, this bill ought
to be referred to ; in other words, to which
committee does it properly belong? That is
the whole question which is now before the
Senate ; and iu the few remarks I shall make
I shall confine myself to that question. I shall
not go into the merits or demerits of the bill.
I do not profess to have that knowledge which
would enable me at this moment sensibly to
determine that question. But I do think I
know sufficient of the question that is now
before the Senate to enable me to decide in
my own mind upon it.
I wish, however, to say, preliminary to that,
that this is not a question either about friend-
liness or unfriendliness to any railroad. ' I do
not suppose there is a Senator oil this floor
who is unfriendly to the Baltimore and Poto-
mac railroad. 1 suppose it is simply absur
to assume that there is a Senator on the floor
who is hostile to that undertaking, and I
assume that it is -equally absurd to say that
there is any one here who is an enemy of the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad. It is not a
question, therefore, of friendship for the one or
the other of these rival roads; nor is it a question
whether or not the city of Washington shall
have one railroad, or two railroads, or a dozen
railroads. So far as friendship for the Balti-
more and Potomac road is concerned, Con-
gress has manifested its friendship toward it
again and again and again, and it has mani-
fested its friendship in the matter of a depot,
for it has by act given it a depot upon Vir-
ginia avenue. The whole question, therefore,
is whether Congress shall go further and give
it a depot on the ground mentioned in this
bill. That is the question so far as the merits
of the bill are concerned. The question be-
fore the Senate, however, as I said before, is
to which committee shall it be referred.
It does seem to me that upon that there
ought not to be two opinions in the Senate.
Why should this bill be referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia? So far
as the authorities of the District are concerned
they are fully committed. They have agreed
to the provision of this bill. The District
authorities have done so, and unless it is in-
tended or contemplated by the District Com-
mittee to reverse what the legislative authority
of the District has done, I see no necessity or
propriety for referring it to that committee.
Mr. PATTERSON. I should like to ask
my friend from Ohio if he thinks it is the func-
tion of the Committee on the District of
Columbia in the Senate to ratify everything
that is done by the District government?
Mr. THURMAN. No, sir; and it is not
the function of this committee to ratify what
needs no ratification, either. When the ques-
tion comes before us as to whether an act of
the District government shall be ratified
which needs our confirmation, then it may be
for the Committee on the District of Columbia
to consider that question, if there is no other
committee to which the subject more appro-
priately belongs ; but when it is not a question
of ratifying something that needs our ratifica-
tion, then 1 do not see that that committee has
anything particularly to do with it.
But the real question here is this : shall the
Government of the United States permit this
depot to be established, which will more or
less interfere with the improvements of our
own property, which are in contemplation by
a large portion of Congress, which have been
the subject of discussion, and of favorable
discussion in Congress for several sessions at
least, if not for several years? It is a aues-
tion what we will do with our own property ;
aud the supervision of that property, the care
of that property, the watchfulness over that
property, belongs to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds. If it does not, pray
what does ?
It is said by the chairman of the Committee
on the District of Columbia that we do not
own this property. I think that has been very
well answered by the Senator from Vermont;
and certainly I, for one, am not willing to de-
cide beforehand that we do not own it. So
far as 1 understand the question, it seems to
me that the title is in the United States. But
it it were admitted that the title to this partic-
ular spot upon which the depot is to be located
does not belong to the United States, that dosp
not determine the question, for still comes the
