1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40751
five millions. It would be about two millions
a month. My motion is to amend the section
by striking out " one third" and inserting "one
eighth." That is the first motion I make.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President,, as this
proposition came from the House there were
but two objections to it, which occurred to me:
first, it contained the element of repudiation ;
and, second, it was certain to produce a panic,
as I understand it. The revenues of the Gov-
ernment derived from the payment of cus-
toms duties, and the payment of those duties
in coin, are solemnly pledged by act of Con-
gress in respect of the public debt. The prop-
osition to dispense with one third of those
revenues thus pledged in coin, contains, as I
conceive, as clearly the element and vice of re-
pudiation as if it was to dispense with two thirds,
or three fourths, or four fifths, or any other
fraction. Aside from that, the proposition of the
House, should it become a law, would instantly
appreciate to the amount of three or four or
five per cent., depending upon the price of
gold, three hundred and fifty-six millions of
paper currency. The amount of outstanding
legal-tender notes is three hundred and sixty
or three hundred and fifty-six millions. The
moment you make the customs duties pay-
able in legal-tender notes, of course you appre-
ciate, not to the full amount of gold perhaps,
but virtually you appreciate in reference to
the premium on gold the whole of this cur-
rency. Thus you demonetize it; you turn it
into a commodity ; it ceases to be a currency,
flowing upon terms of equality and upoD a
level with the other paper currency of the
country.
Mr. President, it is proposed that this shall
not occur in respect to one third of the cus-
toms duties, but in reference to one eighth;
and then the element better calculated than
anything in the House bill to produce a stric-
ture in the money market is introduced, of
canceling absolutely twenty-five millions a
year or thereabout, if 1 understand it, of legal-
tender notes received in payment of duties.
It seems to me that the statement of the
proposition is enough. Indeed it is all that
under the five-minutes rule one is permitted to
do. If it does not bear its own commentary
on its face, it would be idle in five minutes to
attempt to present it to the apprehension of
the Senate or the country. I voted iu the
Committee of the Whole to strike out the
proposition of the House, and I hope it will
be stricken out, and every modification of it,
whether it be one eighth, or one fourth, or
any other fraction, and particularly with the
idea added that this currency is to be can-
celed so as to increase rapidly the stringent
effect which will grow out of it.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I understand the
object of the Senator from Illinois to be to
take a step in the direction of specie pay-
ments, and in order to do that, he proposes
that the Government shall receive, instead of
specie, something like thirty millions of its
greenbacks in the course of a year and destroy
them, but that the national banks shall be
permitted to issue a like amount.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is not a part of
the proposition.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I understood the
remark of the Senator to be that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would like to dothat,
but that is not a part of my motion.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. But the motion
which the Senator made was, as I understood
him, with reference to following it up with the
other.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir ; I stated I did
not propose to make the other motion; that I
would like to do that, but I was not going to
make it here.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I can only say that
any such step as that would have no tendency
in my judgment to produce the object which
the Senator desires.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to say a word in
reply to the Senator from New York in refer-
ence to this proposition savoring of repudiation.
He states that the revenues derived from
duties are pledged in reference to the public
debt. To the extent of paying the interest on
the public debt and a certain amount as a sink-
ing fund this money is so used, but not be-
yond that. We did not use the $225,000,000
we received last year in payment of the pub-
lic debt. We used but about one hundred
and fifteen millions of gold to pay the interest,
and then there is a certain amount applied to
the sinking fund ; I do not remember the pre-
cise amount.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSBN. The pledge
goes further than that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. _ If the pledge does go
further, we are violating it all the time.
Mr. PRELINGHUYSEN. No.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly we are:
because we do not use the full amount, and
did not last year, of the gold that is collected
on duties in reference to the public debt.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That is not the
pledge. The pledge, as I understand it, is
that we are to receive our customs in gold,
and they are pledged to pay the interest on
the public debt, and make a sinking fund of
one per cent., and the balance of that gold to
go into the Treasury, thus increasing the
ability of the Government to meet its liabilities
in gold; so that the pledge extends to the
whole amount of the customs in gold.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But every dollar of it
is applied to the payment of the public debt
on the suggestion I have made. The sugges-
tion is that every dollar of duties that is levied
goes in payment of the public debt; that is, as
the gold that is received is paid on the interest
and to the sinking fund a part of the debt is
taken and destroyed. The revenue derived
from duties is in reference to the public debt;
and unless the very course that we are now
pursuing in regard to the collection of duties
is repudiation, it does not seem to me that
the suggestion I made would be 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Illinois has spoken on this subject
the time allowed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the
Secretary to read the faith which the Govern-
ment has plighted in relation to this question.
It is section five of the act of February 25,
1862, to be found iu the twelfth volume of the
Statutes-at-Large. page 346.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
" Skc. 5. And he it further enacted, That all duties
on imported goods shall be paid in coin, or iu notes
payable on demand heretofore authorized to be
issued and by law receivable in payment of public
dues, and the coin so paid shall be set apart as a
special fund, and shall be applied as follows :
" First. To the payment in uuiu of the interest on
the bonds and notes of tile United States.
"Second. To the purchase or payment of one per
cent, of the entire debt of the united States, to be
made within each fiscal year after the 1st day of
July, 1862, which is to be set apart as a sinking fund,
and the interest of which shall in like manner bo
applied to the purchase or payment of the public
debt, as the Secretary of the Treasury shall from time
to time direct.
"Third. The residue thereof to be paid into the
Treasury of the United States."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It will be
seen that by that section the money must all
be paid in coin into the Treasury of the United
States. The honor and good faith of the Gov-
ernment of the United States are pledged
to that extent. We could, as we have done
iu times past, appropriate a certain amount
and retire a given amount of greenbacks by
the month or by the year, but not until the
money has been actually paid into the Treas-
ury of the United States.
Mr. President, it seems to me that this ques-
tion needs no further argument. The mere
recital of this pledge given by the Government
of the United States iu 1862 covers the whole
question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Instead of one eighth,
I will say that one sixth shall be received. I
modify my amendment to that extent, and on
that I will say a word in reply to the Senator*
from Vermont. I did not have quite timel
enough to say what I desired to say before.
It is the substance of the law that we are to
look at. The Senator from Vermont says you
must first pay in and then you can retire the
legal tenders with it. Is that what the law
means, that you must take the money in gold
and put it into the Treasury, and then go and
buy the legal tender and destroy itY And
does he talk about its violating our honor if
we do not do that? Let me call to the atten-
tion of the Senator from Vermont a repudia-
tion in fact. Where is your greenback that
you issued years ago and printed on the back
of it that bonds should be given in exchange
for it and you have denied it for years and do
not do it at all. There is a repudiation.
Where was the Senator from Vermont, who
has been upon the Finance Committee, and
been the author of these laws, when Congress
repealed that statute which took away trom
the holder of this legal tender that right that
you pledged the honor of the United States
when you issued it should be his, that it should
be convertible at his pleasure into your bonds?
Does not the Senator know that that has been
done? And yet now his honor is disturbed
because the money is not paid inio the Treas-
ury first, and then taken out and the legal
tender bought with it and destroyed. Why,
sir, that is merely taking the money out of one
pocket and putting it into the other, and then
putting it back again. There is no principle
in that, and there is no repudiation of the
honor of the nation, in any just sense, in
receiving the legal tender in the first instance
and destroying it, for that is reducing the debt,
and the spirit of this law is that the money
that is received from customs duties shall be
faithfully applied to the liquidation of the
public debt.
Mr. MORTON. The amendment offered by
the Senator from Illinois involves a contrac-
tion of the currency to the amount of at least
$25,000,000 per annum. The passage of such
a law would at once contract business, con-
tract enterprise, contractconfideuce, and would
be m great danger of resulting in a financial
panic.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from Illinois talks about a violation of the
public faith because we do not redeem the
United States greenbacks, so called, by allow-
ing them to be funded in our bonds. Why,
sir, that law was changed, and I believe by the
consent of theSenator from Illinois, permitting
parties to fund their greenbacks if they came
forward with them for that purpose within a
certain time; and the Senator from Illinois
thought that was a compliance with the pledge
given on the back of them ; that if they did
not come forward and ask to have their cur-
rency funded into bonds within a certain time
the Government might absolve itself by re-
pealing that provision.
Mr. l'RUMBULL. Where is that law?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That is the
law that was passed in 1863, I think.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will inform the Senator
that the very law from which he read expressly
provided that any person having greenbacks
could fund them into bonds within a certain
time. That provision is contained, I think,
in the very act in which the pledge is made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This very
law—I have not looked at it—was reported
from the Committee on the Judiciary, of which
the Senator from Illinois was a member, and
I take it he had careful guardianship of the
public honor at that time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 think the Senator is
entirely mistaken. I do not think any such
law was ever reported from the Judiciary Com-
mittee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Itwasasng-
gestion of the late Judge Coilamer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He was not a member
of the committee.
