1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3179
The question
Senator from
The VICE PRESIDENT.
is on the amendment of the
Nevada.
The amendment was agreed to.
; The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read the third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
river and harbor bill.
Mr. SCOTT submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill (H.
R. No. 2208) making appropriations for the
repair, preservation, and completion of cer-
tain public works on rivers and harbors, and
for other purposes; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. STOCKTON. I wish to give notice of
an amendment to the river and harbor bill,
which I desire to have printed and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) That order will be made.
Mr. STOCKTON. I should like also for
my own convenience and that of other Sen-
ators to inquire whether it is necessary to pur-
sue this course in regard to amendments to the
river and harbor bill. That bill does not come
from the Committee on Appropriations, and I
had relied on that fact and supposed it was not
necessary to submit the amendments in advance
for reference ; but I find that it is the common
practice of the Senate to submit such amend-
ments in this way.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not at all neces-
sary ; that bill is not a general appropriation
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The river
and harbor bill has not usually been consid-
ered a general appropriation bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Sen-
ator from New Jersey that I have not so con-
sidered it, and I intend to propose several
amendments which I have not yet submitted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The practice that has
grown up is entirely unnecessary.
Mr. STOCKTON. Several such amend-
ments have been offered to-day, and that is
the reason why I thought it safer to pursue
that course.
message prom tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House asked a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill
(H. R. No. 1192) making appropriations for
the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes for the
year ending June 30, 1878, and for other pur-
poses, and had appointed Mr. A. A. Sargent
of California. Mr. John P. C. Shanks of In-
diana, and Mr. Thomas Swann of Maryland,
managers on the part of the House.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to some and disagreed to other
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 1654) making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1872, and for former years,
and for other purposes, and had agreed to
other amendments of the Senate to the said
bill, with amendments ; that it askeda confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mi*. James A.
Garfield of Ohio, Mr. Luke P. Poland of
Vermont, and Mr. Samuel S. Marshall of
Illinois, managers at the same on its part.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bill; and they were thereupon signed
by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 696) to authorize the con-
struction of abridge across the Missouri river
at Booneville, Missouri;
. 4;,- , .( R. No. 1030) to regulate elections
m Washington and Idaho Territories ; and
A bill (ET. R. No. 1776) declaring the lands
constituting the Fort Collins military reserva-
tion, in the lerritory of Colorado, subject to
preemption and homestead entrv, as provided
for in existing laws.
indian appropriation bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 1192) making ap-
propriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various In-
dian tribes, for the year ending June 30, 1878,
and for other purposes, disagreed to by the
House of Representatives, and the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to
other amendments of the Senate to the said
bill.
On motion by Mr. COLE, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments disagreed to by the House of Kepresentatives,
and disagree to the amendments of the House to
other amendments of the Senate, and agree to the
conference asked by the House of Representatives
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Cole, Mr. Harlan, and Mr. Stevenson,
deficiency appropriation bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill(H. R. No. 1054) making ap-
propriations to supply deficiencies in the ap-
propriations for the service of the Government
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1872, and
for former years, and for other purposes, dis-
agreed to by the House of Representatives,
and the amendments of the House to other
amendments of the Senate to the said bill.
On motion by Mr. COLE, it was
IZesotved, That the Senate insist upon its amend'
ments disagreed to by theHouse oi Representatives,
and disagree to the amendments of the House to
other amendments of the Senate, and agree to the
conference asked by the House of Representatives
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Cole, Mr. Frelinghuysen, and Mr. Alcorn,
political disabilities.
Mr. BOREMAN. Mr. President, in the
absence of the chairman of the Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities, the duty
is devolved on mo of moving to take up the
House bill for the removal of political disabil-
ities, ordinarily called the amnesty bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1050) for the
removal of legal and political disabilities
imposed by the third section of the fourteenth
article of amendments to the Constitution of
the United States.
Mr. STEWART. I ask unanimous consent
that the bill (H. R. No. 1553) relating to the
Central Pacific Railroad Company have its
second reading, for the purpose of making a
motion to refer it.
Mr. COLE. I shall have to discuss that
question somewhat. I wish to make some
remarks when the bill is up for reference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from California that by
the usage of the Senate a bill is not a subject
of discussion at its second reading. It is only
after that time, either when it is reported back
or when it is to have its third reading, that it
is usually discussed.
Mr. COLE. On t.he question of reference
it is certainly open for debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill has
not been read the second time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There can be debate on
the question of reference.
TBe VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
not stated anything inconsistent with what the
Senator from Illinois says. On the contrary
the Chair has said, and again repeats, that until
the bill is read a second time it is not subject
of debate. It has only been read the first
time; if. has not been read the second time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is it not in order to dis-
cuss the question whether it ought to be read
a second time? I should like to know the rule
there is against that.
Mr. MORTON. I call for the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana demands the regular order. The Chair
will, however, answer the Senator from Ver-
mont that is not within the recollection of offi-
cers near the Chair, nor of the Chair himself,
that a bill has been discussed previous to its
second reading; but he wili examine the pre-
cedents.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not on the question
of what has been done; I am on the question
of the right to debate the question whether a
bill ought to be read a second time, which I
think is sometimes important.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is objected
to at this time, and therefore the amnesty bill
is now before the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. I think this bill ought to
be considered ; and therefore I move to lay
the pending order on the table for the purpose
of having this bill referred. It seems to me
it is unusual to treat a bill in this way.
Mr. MORTON. If it can be referred with-
out debate nobody will object.
Mr. STEWART. Senators do object.
Mr. COLE. I want to make some remarks
on the question of reference.
Mr. OASSERLY. What is the question
before the Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amnesty
bill is before the Senate, which requires a two-
thirds vote for its passage.
Mr. COLE. When a motion is made to
refer the Goat Island bill, I shall move to
refer it to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and I shall discuss that question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary,
as soon as this debate ceases, will read the
amnesty bill, which has been taken up by vote
of the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. Is the amnesty bill be-
fore the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is before the
Senate, but has not yet been read.
Mr. CONKLING. Upon that I begto make
one remark before it is read. I think the bill
to which the Senator from Nevada has just
alluded ought to be referred to a committee
and examined ; yet I tbiuk it so extraordinary
for Senators to object to the second reading of
the bill, and to everything which can lead to
its consideration by a committee, that I say to
the Senator from Nevada, who is interested in
it, that I will stand by him in taking up the
bill atany proper time, and acting on it finally
without reference-—a very exceptional course,
and one to which I think the Senator may
fairly resort if a measure which has passed the
House, which once passed this body, is so
confronted on the threshold that its opponents
will not allow it to go to a committee to be
examined.
Mr. COLE. Ithouglit the honorable Senator
from New York was ready for that, but I will say
to him that I want this bill referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, as it relates to
matters that are under the charge of the War
Department exclusively. It is a proposition
to give away a portion of a very important
military reservation, and ought to be consid-
ered in reference to that and in reference to
its influence upon the harbor of San Francisco,
as to which information must come from the
War Department.
Mr. CONKLING. The honorable Senator
remarked 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the regular
order.
Mr. CONKLING. This is the regular order.
This is the amnesty bill. The Senator from
