1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
439
42d Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Stevenson.
Ho. of Reps.
Mr. TAFFE. That is where it is now.
Mr. STEVENSON. No; because we have
not passed such a resolution limiting the dis-
cretion of the Secretary 
Mr. MERttlAM. If the gentleman will
permit me I will say that the loss of gold to
the world by abrasion, by the mere counting
it over in paying duties, is more than enough
to compensate (or the expense and trouble of
holding it in the Treasury.
Mr. STEVENSON. What a pity, then,
the world does not lock up all its gold, and
save wear and tear. Why not leave it in the
bowels of the earth, if we are not to wear it
out in use? What is it worth except for cir-
culation ?
But, Mr. Chairman, why should we pay
$50,000,000 a year on the debt? This gen-
eration has paid more than half the cost of
the war in treasure and the whole cost in
blood. Why drain the resources of the peo-
ple to pay the remainder of debt?
Mr. MAYNAIiD rose.
Mr. STEVENSON. I cannot yield further
without leaving my line of argument.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman's
pardon; he is generally so kind in that
respect 
Mr. STEVENSON. I have been almost
too kind already.
AN ENGLISH orlNIOH.
"We present to the world a spectacle on-
equaled of the rapid reduction of a great
national debt. We are the only nation having
a heavy debt which proposes to pay it. We
have a land which in the future will be more
wonderful than it is now or has been in the
past for its vast resources—which attract the
admiration of the world, even of the financial
world; and of all nations we have least need
for haste in paying our debt. Let me call
attention to the statement of a distinguished
English financier on this question, Hon. R.
Dudley Baxter, of the British Parlinment. In
bis book on national debts he speaks of the
United States in language which might be at-
tributed to enthusiasm if used by an American.
■ I have more satisfaction in quoting it now be-
cause the opinions of Englishmen seem to be
in high favor. So great is our regard (or their
Views that we consult them about, the form and
matter of our own pleadings in our case at
Geneva against Great Britain; and Americans
seem to congratulate themselves on the pros-
pect that our Government will yield to the
dictates of Great Britain and reform our case
according to her wishes. Let us hope not.
Whatever our claims may be worth we should
press them to final determination, and let the
nation (if such a nation there he) who breaks
the compact take the consequences in the
near or distant future as it may please us and
euit our convenience. Let us bide the time
when we may realize the full value of all onr
claims for damages direct and consequential
out of real estate that bounds us on the north.
We have only to advance our (lag over a
region which nature has destined for union
with us.
But since the opinions of Englishmen are
so grateful to some of us, let me quote Mr.
Baxter. He says:
"No State in tho world has loss need thnn tho
"United Slates to make sacrifices for a, rapid reduc-
tion of thft debt, since in no other State will the debt,
so surely and rapidly reduce itself by the natural
growth of the nation. The extent of tho United
Slates is four fifths that of Europe, containing in
States and Territories more than two million eight
hundred thousand square miles, or twenty-three
times as mueh as (rrei)t Britain and Ireland. As
this vast region becomes more completely settled,
land will increase in valueuntil it will form a basis
for taxation equal to that of Europe."
He speaks of the probable increase of popu-
lation, and says:
" There is everv probability that in fifty or sixty
years at the latest the United States will contain
more than one hundred million inhabitants."
And speaking of the income of tho people:
"I see no reason to doubt that tho national in-
come of tho United States exceeds that of tho Uni-
ted Kingdom." * * * * "But it is an
income that will increase very rapidly. With the
increase of population, trade, and tho value of
laud sixty years hence, a population of one hundred
millions aro likely to have an income larger per
head than at present, and probably not loss than
£2,500,000,Ota (about $15,000,000,000,) estimating
only twonty-live pounds per head, or less than the
present British average. With such a probable
growth ol income, tho present debt becomes insig-
nificant in proportion. Tho reduction of interest
from the present average ratos of fivo per cent, for
the Federal debt and six per cent, for the State
debt will of itself bring great diminution of bur-
den. With ordinary financial prudence it will be
paid off by tho surplusses that are sure to result
from the elasticity and natural growth of the rev-
enue."
We may safely predict that in the year 1900
we shall have a population of sixty million
people with over sixty billion dollars of prop-
erty. Where is the necessity for bleeding,
draining and oppressing this generation to pay
the debt 1 Let us meet the interest and make
a moderate annual reduction such as the sink-
ing fund provides, and let future generations
pay the remaining principal without sacrifice
or suffering.
application op relief.
But how is the relief, great or small, to
be applied? We have reached a stage in
legislation when we should act on principle,
and not go on blindly reducing revenue with-
out system. The last reduction was by a
mixed bill containing conflicting elements—
increasing protection on some articles, dimin-
ishing it, on others, putting s nnc on the free
list, and taking others off. That legislation
was, if not unprincipled, yet without principle.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Km,-
ley] says the bill of the majority now before
us is fatherless, a legislative orphan. Well,
sir, whether it be an orphan, or whether it
has, as it purports to have, seven honorable
parents, this at least is true, tlvit it is an honest
little bill ; and 1 honor the Committee of Ways
and Means, which reports to this House the
first tariff bill in many years, which does not
carry within it acknowledged and preconcerted
selfish projects, put in by members of the com-
mittee for their constituents. There may be
schemes in this; bnt they are the result of
error and not of design on the part of the
members of the committee agreeing to the bill.
Perhaps if the majority had permitted such
things to be crammed into this bill it, might
have had a lather, even the father of "pro-
hibition," the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Kelley.j It i3 a bill which moves
toward a revenue standard," re venue reform."
Those words, which have been so despised and
ridiculed, come into this House on a majority
report of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and whatever may become of the. measure its
introduction marks an era of reform, and gives
an earnest of honesty and patriotism.
Yet much as I respect this honest little
"orphan bill" of revenue reform, its present
stature is not satisfactory, and 1 propose to
take the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Fink-
elnburg] at his word, and support it, feed,
strengthen, build up, and if possible make it
what it should be, a full-grown manly measure
of reform, such as when given to the country
as a law shall need no father.
Mr. BROOKS. It will bo spirit-born.
Mr. STEVENSON. Yes; born of the
spirit of the people.
wool. ENS.
It has grave defects. While it starts well,
it does not go far enough. If we are correctly
informed, it was on wool and woolens that the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
found so mueh difficulty. The bill makes
heavy concession to his views, and yet he is not
contented. The duties on woolens should be
more liberally reduced. The rates on some ar-
ticles are outrageous. Allow me to say to tbe
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
who smiles on my effort to aid him and his
committee, that the people feel the outrage of
the duties on blankets and carpets, on which
extortion doubles the rates, and on clothitig,
on which we are unjustly taxed.
Some gentleman are shocked at the idea of
reducing the rates on wool. The manufac-
turers have made them believe the tariff helps
the wool-grower, while statistics show that the
price of common wool cannot be regulated by
tariffs. It is an article which can be too rapidly
produced to be controlled. But the woolen
manufacturers induce the wool-growers to per-
suade Congress, always sensitive to agricultural
appeals, to raise the tariff on wool ; and then
the manufacturers mount that duty as a pedes-
tal to procure increased rates on woolens. And
thus the delusion is kept up for the benefit of
the manufacturers without advantage to the
country or permanent profit to wool-growers,
IKON.
The duties should be decreased on iron and
steel, especially on pig and bar iron. Why
do we import such quantities of iron in higher
forms, aud of steel, and so little pig and bar.
almost, raw material, the basis of iron and steel
manufactures? Why do we not bring it in and
work it up by American labor, rather than
import the perfected article? Because the
rate is higher in proportion on pig and bar
than on more advanced forms. There is no
present need of any duty on pig iron. This
is the best opportunity the country ever had,
or perhaps ever will have, to reduce or abolish
the tax on this article of prime necessity.
The rate should be reduced on rails of iron
and steel, Gentlemen talk of the balance of
trade drawing coin and bonds to Europe. It
is to build railroads, and chielly for the rails,
that we are becoming indebted to Europe?
We are running up foreign debts by the sale
of railroad bonds at such discounts as make
the interest equivalent to ten or twenty per
cent, per annum. We could afford, in the
present iron famine, to pay a premium to
those who import pig iron, rather than con-
tinue a tax on its introduction. We are hinder-
ing ourselves from getting what we most need.
The following statement is taken from a late
number of one of the ablest organs of protec-
tion :
"An Iron Famine Fwrnd.—With every furnace in
blast, aud importations lame, tho United States is
threatened with an iron famine. Since January 1
Ami'iii'nn piif No. 1 has advanced froui to
$o0(5)$52 per ton, rails from $70 to $85. and bar iron
from 50@i87 5.2 to ftlO&^&lOS. In imported iron
the rise is proportionate, English rails having ad-
vanced since the beginning of tho year from |58 tc
J70@$73, gold, old rails from S3!) to«52@$53, ami sorni
iron from 3 to The reason is, an
enormous increase of consumption, and production
has not kept pace with it, becauso the necessity foi
now iron was not felt, until surplus stock* were ex
haunted. Last year rhe consumption in the United
States was about 2,600,000 tons, of which we pro-
duced a bout ^,000,000 tons and imported the balance,
Of the consumption last year, one half was used in
railroads. Wc have now 60,000 miles of railroad in
operation, to keep which in repair will require, In
a,dditnm to old rails rerolled, three tons to the mile
or say 180,000 tons. L.,st, year we built about 7,00t
miles of new road. 11 we build as much this year,
we shall require of new rails about eighty-eighf
tons to tho milo, or (>10,000 tons. To this may be
added for bolts, spikes, joints, switches, and tin
like, say ten tons to the mile, or 70,000 tons. Tin
capacity of the furnacos now in operation is 2,000,001
tons, to which may be added 150,000 tons as tlx
probable product of new furnaces now building.'
Yet fanatic prohibitionists denounce ai
enemies of the country all who venture tc
suggest that the duties on pig iron or on raili
should be reduced. The supply of iron is no
sufficient to meet the wants of the world
Every civilized nation competes for this mos
essential article of growth, development, anc
power. That nation is strongest and mos
fortunate which can make or procure mos
iron. We do not and cannot make all we need
