4076
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
■ Mr. SHERMAN. It is contained in the
law of February 25, 1862, reported from the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Whatever the provision
was, it was a violation of the pledge given and
piit>ted on the greenback itself.
Mr. MORK1LL, of Vermont. Now, in
relation to the other aspect of this question,
the Senator from New York is quite right, in
supposing that if this privilege should be
granted it would appreciate the greenbacks
wild make the difference that now exists be-
tween our currencies wider and broader than
ever. For instance, whenever a demand should
spiing up for a given sum at New York in
order to pay a large amount of duties into the
Treasury, the price of greenbacks would go
up. There would then be three different kinds
of currency, one of gold, one of national bank
notes, and the United States greenbacks at a
different rate from the national bank notes.
Mr. MORTON. Will my friend allow me
to make a suggestion ?
Mr. MOKHILL, of Vermont. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I think it would operate
just the other way; iustead of appreciating
the price of greenbacks and diminishing the
price of gold, it would have the reverse effect,
for this reason: it would take from the Treas
ury that gold balance by which the Secretary
of the Treasury has been enabled to keep
down the price of gold and control it, and the
effect of it would be, not to appreciate the
greenbacks, but to depreciate them.
Mr. MOU-RILL, of Vermont. 1 have not
the time to argue that quesiion, but I say it
would make three different kinds of currency.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen
ator's time has expired.
Mr. CORBE P l\ My objection to tlrs pro-
vision is that requiring a portion of the duties
to be paid in greenbacks would make just that
much less use for gold, and that atnouut of gold
would go out of the country, if you paid all
your duties in greenbacks, you would not have
a dollar of gold in the country, and if you
make one half of the duties payable in green-
backs, the gold that is used to pay that amount
of duties on imports now would go to foreign
countries. It would lie idle until you had oc-
casion to send it abroad. There would be no
use for it in this country. If you make one
tenth payable in greenbacks, the effect will
be the same in proportion, unless you retire
the greenbacks, and therefore require that
amount in addition ot'gold to be used in this
country. Of course if you could replace the
amount that is retired, as suggested by the
Senator from Illinois, by gold, then you would
return to specie payments; but unless you do
something of that kind, if you allow one tenth
to be paid in greenbacks you make just that
much less use fur gold in this country and you
go that much further from specie payments.
Therefore 1 am opposed to the amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 desire to read the
statute thai, t,heSenat,n> from Vermontreferred
to. It is but a line or two :
" And such United States notes"—
That is, the legal tenders—
"shall be received the same as coin a,t their par
value in payment tor any loans that may be here-
aUer sold or negotiated by the Secretary of the
Treasury."
it the Senator thinks that can be repeated
consistently with the honor of the United
States, he thinks differently from what I do.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not see any repu-
diation in the proposition of the Senator from
Illinois or in the House section of the bill,
and that for the very simple reason that pay-
ing one sixth of the duiies m greenbacks will
still leave gold enough to pay all the interest
on the public debt, and also provide for the
sinking fund, as now required by law. There
cannot be, therefore, any repudiation in that.
The other objection is that it will demone-
tize, as it is said, greenbacks; that is, that
greenbacks will appreciate so that they will no
longer circulate as currency. I wish to put
this question to the Senators who advance that
argument: the national bank notes are re-
deemable in greenbacks; as long as there are
greenbacks in circulation they may be re-
deemed in greenbacks; they are redeemable
either in greenbacks or in gold. The national
banks are not considered to be in a state of
suspension, because they do redeem their paper
in the medium which the law requires; that is
to say, in gold or in greenbacks. They are
bound to redeem their notes in the one or the
ot her. Now, it is not proposed to change that
at ail; and no matier how high you may ap-
preciate greenbacks, or, in other words, no
matter how near you may make them approach
to gold, if the national bank notes are still
redeemable in greenbacks or in gold, then I
put it to the Senator from New York and the
Senator from Vermont whether there are any
three currencies such as they suppose. Un-
less they suppose that the effect of this would
be to compel the national banks to go into sus-
pension and refuse to redeem their paper either
in gold or in greenbacks, how can there be the
three currencies of which they speak? There
are two currencies now, gold and paper, the
paper consisting of greenbacks and national
bank notes redeemable in greenbacks; and
how can there be any other currencies than
those, no matter how near you may approxi-
mate greenbacks to gold?
Mr. CHANDLER, (at ten o'clock and fifty
miuutes p. m.) I move that the Senate do
now adjourn. ["No!" "No!"]
Mr. KELLOUG. 1 hope we shall adjourn.
The Senator from Ohio has told us repeatedly
he would not ask us to remain here after
eleven o'clock.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator troin
Illinois.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think everything in the
world that cau be said on this subject has been
said. I do not desire to say anything about it,
and I hope we shall have a vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, put the ques-
tion on the amendment to the amendment,,
and declared that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I sliouid like to have
the yeas and nays on my amendment-
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to the Senator
to take the yeas and nays on the amendment
itself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well; that will
answer the purpose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the amendment is not agreed to ; and
the question now is on concuiriug iu the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to have the
yeas and nays on I hat.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope we shall take the
question by yeas and nays on striking out.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY. I hope the the question
will be taken regularly and iu order. The
first question is oil the amendment of the
Senator from Illinois, and the Senator called
for the yeas and nays on his amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I called for them, but,
withdrew the call.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then before the section
itself is put to a vote I must say a few words
about it, and I regret very much to be com-
pelled at this late hour of the night to detain
the Senate. The proviso at the end of the
section is one that concerns the people of the
Pacific coast very nearly. The Congress of
the United States has authorized the, estab-
lishment of gold note banks under certain re-
strictions and certain securities. Under those
restrictions and securities the Congress holds
out these notes to citizens of the United States
as being good for gold, dollar for dollar. That
being so, and your citizens upon the Pacific
coast and elsewhere receiving those notes iu
their business and their daily transactions
under the sanction and the currency which you
have given them by solemn act of Congress,
it seems to me a very plain case that the Uni-
ted States ought not to refuse for its duties,
or for some portion of them, at least to ihe
extent pointed out by this section, those notes.
And when gentlemen on the other side talk so
fluently of repudiation. I beg to know from
them what they call the act of the Govern-
ment in refusing to take as equal to gold the
notes which it declares and holds ont to its
citizens in their daily transactions are as good
as gold. My friend from Oregon in front of
me [Mr. Corbett] reminds me that the Gov-
ernment virtually guaranties to the citizen
that those notes are as good as gold.
Sir, repudiation is an ugly word, and I regret
that there should be so great a tendency to
employit upon all occasions, in season and out
of season. Why, sir, it seems to nie almost
preposterous to say of the rest of this section
that it favors repudiation, or that it in any way
squints toward repudiation. What is the
amount of it? It proposes a change in ihe
present system ; that is all. What is the
change? The change is that instead of the
citizen who has duties to pay taking his green-
backs and buying the gold wherewiih to pay
them, he pays the greenbacks to the Govern-
ment and the Government takes the green-
backs and gets the gold necessary to enable it
to make good whatever promise there is in the
statute that has been read. It is a mere differ-
ence in form, not in substance; and it is I
was about to say absurd, but certainly inad-
missible, to say that a mere difference in form
which is not a difference in substance can be
called repudiation. Is a great Government
like this, strong, solvent, powerful in the pres-
ent, and still more iu the future, to be accused
of repudiation by its own Senators because it
chooses to make in the form of its transactions
so slight a change as that proposed by this
section ? It seems to me entirely out of the
question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
five minutes have just expired. The question
is on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole, on which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. CORBETT. Is it in order to divide
that section so as to vote on the proposition
down to the gold notes?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly not.
The amendment reported from the Committee
of the Whole is not divisible. It must be
voted upon and accepted or rejected as a
whole.
Mr. CORBETT. Then I hope we shall
refuse to strike out the section, and then
divide it. I suppose if we should refuse to
strike the section out it would be divisible?
The VICE PRESIDEN I'. Certainly; then
it would be subject to further atnendmeut.
The question now is on concurring in the
amendment, striking out the section.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 37, nays 18; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn. Anthony.Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Chandler, Clavton, Conkling
Corbett, Cragm, Fenton, Ferry of Michigan, Flan-
agan, Frelinghuysen, Hatnlin, Harlan, Hitchcock,
llowe, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool,
Pratt, Ramsey. Robertson, Sawyer, Scott, Sher-
man Sprdgue, Wilson, Wmdoin, and Wright—37.
iNAYb—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cole
Cooper, Goidthvvaite, Hamilton of Maryland Hill
Johnston, Kelly, Norwood, Hansom, Saulsbury,
btevenson, Stockton, Thurman, Trumbull, and
Viekers—18.
ABbENT—Messrs. Ames, Brown low, Cameron,
Carpenter. Davis of Kentucky, Davis of Wesc Vir-
ginia, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Gilbert,
Hamilton^ of iexas, Kellocg, Patterson, Rice,
West—'igtot>enCer* Stewart, Sumner, Tipton, and
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. GASSEHLY. I wish to know whether
I can offer a new section on this subject.
The V1CJ5 PRESIDENT. After the re-
served amendments are acted upon.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I believe we have
