2284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
point whether a depot there will interfere with
the improvement of the property which does
belong to the United States, and which is in
the charge and under the guardianship of the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
This very bill itself recognizes the possibility
that the construction of this depot at the point
indicated may interfere with the public park.
The bill recognizes it by its provisions, and
there is an attempt made to provide for that
very difficulty in this bill itself. Then, upon
the very face of the bill, it appears that here
is a question whether or not we can improve
our own property as we may desire to improve
it, and at the same time this company may
have the depot which it desires to have. Ought
not that question to go to the committee that
has charge of the land which may be converted
into a park? Ought not that question to go
to the committee which is specially charged
with the guardianship and the watchfulness
over the property of the United States in this
city? If not, I should like to know what ought
to go to that committee. I should like to know
what is the use of that committee at all if a
question like this, affecting the use, the im-
provement, the embellishment, the enjoyment
of the property of the United States, is not to
go to that committee. What is the use of that
committee at all if a question like this is to
be taken from it and referred to some other
committee?
It does seem to me that there never was a
clearer case in the world for a reference than
there is for this reference to the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds. It seems
to me that every consideration of propriety
and every consideration of respect for our own
committees require that we shall send the bill
to that committee. It is an able committee j
it is an impartial committee ; it is a committee
that has discharged its duties to the entire
satisfaction of the Senate; it is a committee
that has commended itself to the Senate by
the wisdom of its recommendations and by
the industry with which it has taken care of
local matters—an industry that does not re-
ward the committee with fame or reputation—
an industry that is the simple discharge of
duty; and that committee that has thus faith-
fully performed its duties, and performed them
to the satisfaction of the Senate, ought not to
be overslaughed in the manner that is now
proposed.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I think it
proper to make a remark or two on this ques-
tion. I think there ought to be no ditliculty
in referring this bill to the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds. It is a subject
that must necessarily from the character of
it attach itself to this committee. That com-
mittee is created for the purpose of protecting
the public grounds and as having special charge
of them, and in seeing that under all circum-
stances they shall be held to their proper uses.
I have, had the honor of being on that com-
mittee for the two years preceding, and I
■ remember very well when this corporation
first applied for a depot in some part of the
city of Washington. There was no opposi-
tion to its having a proper depot for all its
purposes. That committee then, as stated by
the honorable chairman, examined the whole
case, the whole matter was before that com-
mittee, and it determined without a dissenting
voice that its depot should be upon Virginia
avenue. There was nothing beyond that
required. It was then under the supervision
of that committee. Nothing beyond that was
asked, and it was supposed it would afford all
the facilities required by the company.
I may as well remark here that when I made
the inquiry of the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron] in regard to the
character of the paper that was read from the
desk, 1 had in mind the fact of his having
disclaimed all interest in this, the Baltimore
and Potomac railroad ; and that paper going
on with the word u we," promising to do
all kinds of things, I imagined it was from
some officer of the corporation promising to
the Senate what they would do in case this
privilege was granted to it.
Now, it does not become any of as—and in
that respect I regretted exceedingly to hear
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania make
an assault on the Baltimore and Ohio railroad;
it is a great necessity and a great enterprise,
and I know that on this floor it has not a single
effemy when you come to consider it in its real
relations; I am not the partisan of that rail-
road, nor am I the enemy of the Baltimore and
Potomac, I am for all railroad facilities for
this District that can be afforded to any city—
it does not become us, as 1 was before pro-
ceeding to say, as Senators to be the partisans
of any railroads upon this floor. It is not
befitting our public character. The idea that
any Senator upon this floor in his official
capacity should be the partisan of any corpor-
ation ; that he should be the partisan or the
enemy of any railroad; that from a partisan
spirit he should be willing to yield up the
public property at the desire of a railroad
president or the corporators of a railroad,
could not be considered honorable to that
Senator ; it would dishonor the character and
the dignity of his office.
I am far from partisan in this matter, and
I am in favor of every railroad having all
proper facilities in this District; but in afford-
ing railroad facilities in this District to any
corporation that may think proper to come
here, is it required upon our part that we shall
locate a depot at the foot of this Capitol) or in
the Capitol grounds themselves ? Are there
not other grounds arouud here affording all
facilities? We allowed this company to ap-
proach the Capitol; we allowed it to pass
around it; we gave it a depot on Virginia ave-
nue, all that it then asked. There was no dis-
senting voice, no trouble in doing that. It
was the highway south to Mobile and New
Orleans. Nobody undertook to interrupt it
in its route there. It affords facilities to this
District; it can afford facilities to the North
and to the South; but we have reserved to us
and to our control the public grounds, designed
by the founders of this capital for certain
great purposes, and which purposes should
be hold sacred until the day this ceases to be
the capital. It was never imagined that they
should be yielded up for railroad depots and
for other railroad conveniences and other like
purposes.
Mr. President, you know the character of a
depot. Goto any city and you see it; place
it anywhere in a city or town, at once you see
its paralyzing effects upon that locality. Go
to the Camden station in Baltimore city? Go
to the depot of the New York and New Haven
railroad ? It is but a short distance from Fifth
avenue, and yet see the immediate surround-
ings of that depot. It is surrounded, true, by
low groggeries, but the people leave it and go
elsewhere away from it to reside and to do the
higher branches of business.
Here you propose to do what? I am not
talking to the merits of this bill, nor do I now
desire to do so, but I am referring rather to
the fact that you propose to locate by this bill
this depot right upon you  public grounds, and
right upon the western front of the Capitol.
I take an interest in this matter for one of
many reasons. I was on the committee when
this was under investigation a year ago, and
when we granted to this company a right to
enter this city and gave to it a depot with no
objection whatever, and I felt then that noth-
ing more would be required. You propose to
put a depot right in your public park,- and not
only that, but you propose to give it a thor-
oughfare through it. Now, go with me to the
Baltimore and Ohio depot, look down this
beautiful North Capitol street you are just
now parking, and you will see how much its
beauty will be marred by this depot and the
road leading to it; you always will find rail-
road cars passing and repassing or remaining
upon the track, and from the necessity of the
case you have besides the unseemly site of the
depot itself surrounded by carriages and all
kinds of vehicles and ail kinds of people. You
are going to permit all this in the heart of
your beautiful park, are you?
This capital was not designed or laid out for
ten years or for fifty years. In the great de-
sign of the founders of it, in the great mind
of George Washington, it was laid out for one,
two, three, five hundred years, for a thousand
years; yes, forever, or as long as our civil-
ization lasts. They stood upon this Capitol
Hill, and they looked down through time for
hundreds of years when we might number a
population of three hundred million people;
and now you contemplate perverting it to
other purposes than the grand ones designed.
You propose now to make a place for railroad
depots and railroad crossings, right, too, in the
midst, in the very heart of this grand park
spreading out from the foot of Capitol hill to
the President's Mansion. This was to remain
forever as they originally founded and designed
it, and to destroy it in this way is a crime. A
railroad depot is a nuisance—I admit, a neces-
sary nuisance. In locating it we should not only
consult the public convenience, but the appro-
priate surroundings, and make both conform
if possible. The Baltimore and Ohio railroad
depot was many years upon Pennsylvania
avenue. It was removed back from the avenue
to its present site.
I appeal to gentlemen here—I know not
how it is in the West, but I know it is so in the
East; go into any of your large cities, and you
will find in the immediate vicinity of depots
that all kinds of enterprise, so far as the con-
struction of substantial buildings is concerned,
is suspended and that kind of property is de-
preciated in value. Go to the depot in Harris-
burg, and wherever you go, so far as I have
knowledge, you will find the same condi-
tion of things about depots. And it is pro-
posed to place a depot with its necessary sur-
roundings, and with a full knowledge of what
they are, in the midst of these beautiful
grounds 1
Mr. President, it may be said that I am
speaking upon the merits of this question. I
desire to avoid this, but one cannot help re-
ferring to it. But these grounds are under the
special charge of the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds. Why should not the
bill go to this committee having such special
charge of these grounds?
There is some question about whether this
land appropriated by the city belongs to the
public grounds. I believe it does, but I care
not about that. It is adjacent to them, and
the track is obliged to pass over them into the
depot.
I have nothing to say about this city appro-
priating the public grounds. I know nothing
about tbe city authorities. I know that the
city authorities can attempt anything. I know
that their present power is not in the spirit of
the Constitution, It was intended to make
this District the capital of this country, and
everything and all in it subordinate to our
legislation. We. are here to protect and pre-
serve it as our capital and preserve our public
reservations. We are to protect our public
buildings. We are here to maintain the dig-
nity of our Government and that respect due
to ourselves a3 its representatives, and the
pretensions and character of this capital, as
against all the people who may be here may
do or attempt. With them we have nothing
to do; we have a right to control them: we
have a right to legislate for them, and their
action is no rule of conduct for me. I do not
know what this city government may or may
not do. I know they have disposed of this
large piece of land not belonging to it, and for
no consideration, at all. I do not desire to
disparage it. But casually looking on at what
is now doing arouud you in this city, street
