1S88
TBS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 4,
A bill (5. R. No. 13.03) to asaead the first
section of an act entitled "An set tp proyide
for the disposition of useless military reser-
vations," approved February 24, 1871 ;
A bill (H. E. No. 1781) authorizing the
Secretary of War to deliver condemned ord-
nance to certain soldiers' monumental asso-
ciations ;
A bill (H. R. No. 161) to reduce the area of
the military reservation of Fort Sanders, in
the Territory of Wyoming, and providing for
the survey of said reservation as reduced ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1776) declaring the lands
constituting the Fort Collins military reserva-
tion, in the Territory of Colorado, subject to
preemption and homestead entry, as provided-
for in existing laws;
A bijl (H. R. No. 206) for the relief of
George C. Haynie ;
A bill (H. R.No. 207) for the relief of
Robert L. D. Burchfield;
A bill (H. R. No. 475) for the relief ofSelah
V. Reeve, late quartermaster sergeant of the
fourth Michigan infantary volunteers;
A bill (H. R. No. 575) for the relief of Seth
M. Whitten, late private of the fourth regi-
ment Michigan infantry;
A bill (H. R. No. 861) directing the payment
to Robert McKee of pay, allowances, and
bounty now withheld from him;
A bill (H. R. No. 1779) for the relief of
Samuel Hitchcock ; and
A bill (II. R. No. 1780) for the relief of
Eliza Webb.
The bill (H. R. No. 1756) to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary
of War to lease certain swamp or lowlands
belonging to the Government lying on Niagara
river and Lake Erie in the city of Buffalo,
New York, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
chief medical purveyor.
The bill (H. R. No. 1745) to provide for
the designation of a chief medical purveyor
was read twice by its title.
Mr. WILSON. If there be no objection I
should like to hare that bill put on its passage
now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read for inform-
tion first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) It will be read for inform-
ation, subject to objection.
The Secretary read the bill. It authorizes
the President of the United States to appoint
by selection from the present assistant medical
purveyors, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, a chief medical purveyor of the
Army to fill the vacancy now existing, but
this, is not to be construed to increase the pay
of the officer appointed to fill such vacancy.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
executive communication.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of War,
communicating in obedience to law, an engin-
eer report of an examination or survey of the
harbor of Norfolk, Virginia, and of Elizabeth
river; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDING OFFICER presented a
memorial from the Legislature of the State of
Wisconsin relating to a ship-canal around
Niagara falls.
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask that that memo-
rial be read by the Secretary.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
State oi  Wisconsin, Executive Department,
Madison, February 27,1872.
Sir: In compliance with the request therein con-
tained X have the honor to transmit herewith a duly
authenticated copy of memorial to Congress, No. 7,
passed by the Legislature of Wisconsin at its present
session, "relating to a ship-canal around Niagara
falls "
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
C. C. WASHBURN, Governor.
Hon. Schuyi, ee Colfax, Vice President, Washington,
District of Columbia.
[Memorial to Congress No. 7, Assembly.]
Memorial to Congress relating to a ship-san,al around
" Niagara falls.
To tlic honorable the Senate and ffowte of Representa-
tives in Congress assembled.
Your memorialists, the Legislature of the State
of Wisconsin, would respectfully represent that—
Whereas to ipsure the continual development and
consequent prosperity of the manufacturing and
commercial interests of the eastern States, as also
the agricultural and other interests of the West,
indeed, of the whole country, a cheaper system of
transportation between the two sections, than now
or ever can exist with the present means and facili-
ties by railroads and the limited and imperfect sys-
tem of water transit, must be speedily opened up;
and whereas the main, and probably the only means
of securing that object, to wit, cheap transportation,
is by opening up continuous steam navigation from
the Mississippi valley to the Atlantic ocean, by the
way of the great water channels of the continent,
thereby creating competing lines of transit of unlim-
ited capacity between the grain-fields of the West
and the eastern and European markets, the most se-
rious, indeed, the only serious obstacle, to the speedy
consummation of that enterprise by the way of the
great lakes, river St. Lawrence, and Lake Cham-
plain, oxiatingatNiagaraFalls; and whereas another
movement has been inaugurated by, the 1 ate com-
mercial convention held at Detroit, in the State of
Michigan, in December last, to invoke the assistance
of the General Government to break down that rocky
barrier existing between Lakes Erie and Ontario as
speedily as possible: Therefore,
J3e it resolved by the Assembly, (the Senate con-
curring,) That Congress be requested to make an
appropriation, at its present session, for the con-
struction of a canal around the falls of Niagara, on
the American side, at the maximum capacity of the
lakes, as speedily as can be done consistently with
the best interests of the country.
Resolved, That our Senators and Representatives
in Congress be requested to use their best efforts to
secure such an appropriation at the present session.
Jlesolved, That duly authenticated copies of this
preamble and theseresolutions be transmitted to the
President of the United States, the President of the
Senate, and Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives, with request that they lay them before their
respective Houses: and to each of our Senators and
Representatives in Congress.
DANIEL HALL,
Speaker of the Assembly.
M. H. PETTIT,
President of the Senate.
Approved, February 21,1872.
M. n. PETTIT,
Acting Governor.
State of Wisconsin, Secretary's Office, ss.:
I, Lly welyn Breese, secretary of State of the State
of Wisconsin, do hereby certify that the foregoing
memorial has been carefully compared with the ori-
ginal memorial on filein this office, and that the same
is a true and correct copy thereof.
In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my hand
rr 1 and affixed the great seal of the State of Wis-
t1" S-J consin, this 26th day of February, A. D. 1872.
L. BREESE,
Secretary of State.
The memorial was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
Mr. SUMNER .presented the petition of
F. Selina Buchanan, praying compensation for
losses sustained by her late husband, McKean
Buchanan, a paymaster in the United States
Navy; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
He also presented a memorial numerously
signed by citizens of the United States, pro-
testing against any amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States introducing the
name of God or of the Saviour; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a memorial of citizens
of Nantucket, Massachusetts, praying for the
passage of the bill in relation to French spolia-
tions ; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the memorial of Samuel
B. Tuck and others, heirs, &c., citizens of
Brooklyn, New York, praying indemnity for
spoliations committed by the French between
the years 1793 and 1801; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
He also presented the memorial of Sarah
A. L. Bowers, heir, &c., praying indemnity
for spoliations committed by the French be-
tween the years 1793 and 1801 ; which was
ordered to lip on the table.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia, presented
the memorial of George Hardman and fifty-
two other citizens of Preston county, West
Virginia, remonstrating against a change of
the existing tariff laws abating or abolishing
duties upon such articles as are successfully
produced in this country, and praying a repeal
of all duties upon tea and cqffee ; which was
referred tp the Committee qr Finance.
He also presented the petition pf J. _R.
Grove, of w est Virginia, praying that section
one hundred and sixty-tivo of the codified
postal l$ws, now pending in Congress, may be
so ^mended that persons known as regular
publishers and dealers in newspapers and
periodicals may receive by mail such quan-
tities of either as they m.ay require, in bulk,
whether wholly or in part printed, and pay the
postage thereon, as received, at the same rates
pro rata as regular subscribers to publications
weighing four ounces, who pay quarterly in
advance; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. CORBEl'T presented seven petitions
of citizens pf Oregon, representing^ that they
have been informed that an application is
being made to Congress to extpnd or renew
the patent right heretofore grafted to one
Jonathan Haines, of the State of Illinois,
upon the harvesting-machine known as the
" Haines Illinois harvester," and protesting
against the renewal or extension of the pat-
ent ; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents.
He also presented the petition of Jesse Sut-
ton, praying the confirmation of title to a tract
of land in New Mexico ; which was referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. OSBORN presented the petition of J.
S. Underliill, assignee of C. W. Whitney, pray-
ing compensation for building the iron-clad
battery Keokuk during the late war; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SCOTT presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
an international copyright law ; which was
referred to the Committee on the Library.
He also presented two memorials of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, remonstrating against a
change in the existing tariff laws abating or
abolishing duties on such articles as are suc-
cessfully produced in this country ; which were
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. POMEROY presented a resolution of
the Legislature of the State of Kansas, express-
ing sympathy with the struggling people of
Cuba, and memoralizing Congress that they
be accorded belligerent rights ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a petition numerously
signed by citizens of New York, praying the
enactment of a law prohibiting the sale and
manufacture of intoxicating liquors within the
jurisdiction of the United States ; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
citizens of Michigan, praying the organization
of an additional judicial district in that State ;
which vyas referred to the Committee on th e
Judiciary.
Mr. CHANDLER. I likewise present a
memorial of grocery merchants of the State
of Michigan, setting forth that it would be a
very great hardship if the bill to repeal the
duty on tea and coffee should be passed by
the Senate so as to provide that it shall go
into effect immediately. I ask my friend, the
honorable chairman of the Committee on
Finance, [Mr. Sherman,] to repeat what he
said the other day on this subject, and I would
likewise ask my friend Mr. Gobright to send
it broadcast over the country, as it will save
all Senators from writing a great many letters
in answer to these petitions. The Senator
stated that the bill would not take effect im-
mediately.
