440
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Hay 1,
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Stevenson.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Our demands outgrow, and must continue to
outgrow our production. Let us, by reducing
duties on the lower and more bulky forms,
give American consumers and our country the
advantages which would ensue if our markets
were the best in the world, our supplies of iron
the most abundant.
sugar.
We should reduce the rates on sugar and
molasses. It is idle to talk of a " free break-
fast" while we keep up inordinate rates on these
articles of necessity and common use, without
which no breakfast nor any other meal is
complete; and we should modify the duties
so as to abolish the monopolies established
under and "protected" by the law.
coal.
We should add coal to the free list. This
Congress has responded to what seemed
the will of the people in regard to tea and
coffee. Why not respond to the demand for
free coal, salt, and lumber? Is it because
by throwing off the duty on tea and coffee
protection is strengthened, while these other
articles of equal necessity furnish recruits to
the league of prohibition ? If not as part of
tlie combination, why do we keep the tariff on
coal? Is it needed by the Treasury? Is it
needed by the industry? The New York Tri-
bune of yesterday says that—
" The tariff on coal has no more effect upon it than
a white-faced ox looking over a fence into a forty-
acre bean-field has on the growth of the beans."
. Then why not repeal the tariff ? The people
demand it in order to break the conspiracy
of mine owners and railroads.
salt.
Why retain the tariff' on salt? Is there no
ample supply of saline water in the State of
New York? Will not the sun, with little
labor, make salt? Gentlemen from Michigan
tell us that streams of salt water flow from the
ground in parts of that State to which there
seems no limit in quantity or duration. Do
evaporators really need- the high duties. If
so, why do the States of New York and Michi-
gan tax that industry.
Mr. DUELL. To what tax does the gentle-
man refer?
Mr. STEVENSON. The State of New
York draws an income from salt.
Mr. DUELL. The State of New York
owns the salt-wells, and through its superin-
tendent distributes the brine to the different
salt-blocks, and for all that charges only one
cent per bushel.
Mr. STEVENSON. We understand, and
the country understands it. We had "salt"
enough in the last Congress for a generation.
We were pickled in brine by the gentleman
then representing the Onondaga district; but
here is an official document, the annual report
of the comptroller of the State of New York,
transmitted to the Legislature January 2,1872.
On page 23 I find tbe following:
" Salt Duties.—Tbe report of the superintendent
of the Onondaga salt springs shows the following
receipts and expenditures for the fiscal year:
lieceipta.
From duty on salt manufactured  $85,791 93
Expenditures  5D,13o 14
iNetrevenue $26,056 79
On page 88 of the same document, among
the estimates of revenue for the current year,
I find this item:
Salt duty $85,000
It may be said that these State duties are
6 light, only one cent per bushel; but if the
industry be one which needs national favor,
why should the State tax it at all ? A State by
laying special taxes on an industry confesses
that it does not need bounties, bnt is able to
bear burdens. And it is notorious that salt
monopolists have conspired together, and even
with those of Canada, to extort high prices from
the people. They have forfeited whatever claim
they had on the country by this bad faith.
LUMBER.
Why should we continue the high duties on
lumber ? The premium we give this business
is causing the destruction of our timber ; so
that such lands are rising rapidly in value,
and the "stumpage" absorbs the profits of
labor. Far-seeing men are alarmed at the
disappearance of our forests.
Our "policy" is unaccountable, except by
conceding that it is controlled by the selfish-
ness of interested parties. The Government
gives timber lands, or sells them at nominal
rates, to railroads and other corporations. We
lay heavy duties which make lumber costly,
and thereby stimulate the destruction of tim-
ber. And now we are considering a bill to
give bounties to land owners to encourage the
planting and growth of trees. Here is an
illustration of the principle of favoritism—mis-
named "protection." Give public lands to
aid private enterprise, give bounties for cut-
ting timber, and then give more bounties to
replace the forests you have given away and
paid premiums to have destroyed.
the free list.
We should add to the free list many articles
such as are contained in the bill, among which
are hides and skins, and many others not in-
cluded, such as printing-paper and type, imple-
ments of industry, raw material of manufac-
tures, and articles of common household use.
monopolies.
We should abolish the monopolies which
have crept in under the name of " protection,"
such as that on quinine, by which a combina-
tion in Philadelphia controls the production
and market. Prior to January, 1871, the duty
on bitter bark was twenty per cent., and on
extract forty-five. The duty was taken oft'
bark, but retained on extract. The following
statement shows the result:
quinine.
"There are only two manufacturers in Phila-
delphia, who monopolize the quinine trade.
We consume about one million five hundred
thousand dollars' worth annually, and we
imported in 1871 exactly $12,261 worth, and
got a revenue of $5,517 45. And every sick
man, woman, and child in the country had
to pay a tribute to Messrs. Powers & Weight-
man and Bosengarten & Sons on every dose
of quinine they used. If the duty on quinine
were abolished, the United States would lose
$5,517 revenue, and Powers & Weightman
and ltosengarten would lose a yearly revenue
exacted from the sick people amounting to
$200,000. The cost of quinine in Enrope is
$1 70 gold, per bottle, and could be sold here
without the duty at two dollars currency ; the
wholesale price of quinine is $2 50 in Phila-
delphia, and although we get no revenue, we
have still to pay fifty cents per bottle to the
Philadelphia monopolists."
It is understood that this arrangement was
made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Kelley,] whose experience gives him
extraordinary power in his position on the
Committee of Ways and Means. He gains no
honor and makes few friends by such meas-
ures, the thought of which adds bitterness to
medicine in the mouths of citizens compelled
by disease and the law to submit to extortion.
The gentleman may say that if his fellow-
townsmen make fortunes in their business,
others mightdo as well, buthe forgets that the
demand for quinine is limited and a strong
firm in possession can keep others out. The
experiment of competing with those whom he
has aided so well has been tried. A house
which began making extract was driven out
of tbe market by the temporary reduction of
prices, the cost of which was afterward taken
from the people by corresponding increase
when the monopoly was recovered, and it is
estimated that to conquer an equal footing
in the business a competitor must expend
$100,000 before he can begin to make profits.
blankets.
In blankets the people are subjected to im-
position, as the following statement shows:
" The price of five-dollar blankets in London is
twelve shillings sixpence a pair, or in our currency,
at 112 for gold, $3 40 per pair. If we adit Iwenty-
five per cent, for expenses and profits, a pair of five-
dollar blankets could bo sold to the consumer for
$4 25 currency in New York, Philadelphia, Cincin-
nati, St. Louis, or Chicago. The duty on blankets
being prohibitory, we are entirely dependent on
home-made blankets. The price at this time for a
pair of five-dollar blankets similar to those costing
twelve shillings sixpence in England is $6 50,
which imposes a direct tax of $2 25 on every pair
of blankets used in the United States, which goes
directly into the pockets of the manufacturer. The
revenue derived from blankets in 1871 was$13,0t)2 37.
The estimated consumption of blankets is about
seven million pairs, and at an average enhancement
of only two dollars per pair, the purchasers pay to
the manufacturer a bonus of $14,000,000 tor the priv-
ilege of using home-made blankets, and of putting
$13,092 37 into the national Treasury."
The carpet monopoly is little less oppres-
sive, and there are many similar wrongs bound
up in the volumes of our legislation which
call for rigorous treatment. Can the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] justify
these abuses?
The country had hoped when he rose to
the chairmanship of the Committee of Ways
and Means, a place second in importance and
power to none in this or any other country, he
would have been above local influences and
interests, and given his aid to reform such
abuses. He begins on some of them, as that of
" wood-screws." His national constituency
will thank him for this, and ask for more.
obstacles. conflicting theories.
The great obstacle to reform is the "hos-
tility" of prohibitory protectionists to mod-
erate measures. These propagandists appear
to consider every effort at relief as an attack
of an enemy which they are justified in repel-
ling by all means in their power; hence they
discard candor and fair dealing, and act upon
the maxim that "all is fair in war." With
such antagonists there is no possibility of
agreement. They use every weapon of logic
and fallacy, fact and fiction. They are ready
to assert whatever is denied, to deny what-
ever is asserted, and no proof satisfies them.
They maintain contradictory statements and
theories in the same speech, if not in a breath,
as combatants fight before and behind, at the
right hand and the left, caring only to defend
themselves or offend their assailants.
effects of protection.
Thus they tell us that American industry
cannot survive unless existing duties on such
imports as compete with domestic products be
maintained and increased. The gentleman
from New Jersey [Mr. Hill] wants ten dollars
per ton on pig iron as a " permanent protec-
tion." The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kelley] sets no limits on his demands. He
probably agrees with Mr. Greeley, who holds
to $100 a ton on pig iron.
This plea of the necessity of protection is
not new; it has been used from the beginning
of the Government, and under various rates
of duty, which have generally given more or
less "protection" to manufactures, the States
enjoying the fruits of this policy have increased
in wealth and population in wonderful ratio.
Pennsylvania has now more people and prop-
erty than were in the whole Union in the
beginning; and her Representatives point to
her admirable growth as an example of the
benefits of the " protective policy," and tell
us that its continuance is absolutely necessary,
and without it the industries of the Slate would
languish and perish.
If this be true, how can we avoid the conclu-
sion that the present sum total of the wealth
of Pennsylvania, with vast amounts consumed
in supporting her people for generations, are
