492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
each great consideration. There is something
practical in that.
On the previous occasion to which I have
alluded, 1 remarked to the Senator that I
claimed from association to know the lower
strata of the colored people better than he
could possibly know them. Why, sir, even
to-day, in the city of Washington itself, I am
very sure, distinguished as the Senator is as
the champion of that race, that there are more
of them who call to see me than do him. The
foimer slaves of southern masters who have
ever seen me or heard of me call frequently,
call because they say that I have the reputa-
tion of being kind and humane. Hardly a
day passes that I do not have such visitors.
They are always welcome and always treated
with kindness. But I never shall say to them,
"The road to happiness for you lies in sitting
side by side with a white man upon a railroad
car or dining at the same table in the hotels of
the country or upon the steamboats on the
river3," for I do not believe it.
Now, it is true that there are leaders among
this people as well as among all others. This
same Heury M. Turner, of Georgia, holds him-
self up as a distinguished leader. The Sen-
ator trom Massachusetts is wrong in regard
to one fact. Turner was a member two years
ago of the house of representatives of Georgia,
but is not a member of either house at this
time. He is an agitator, possibly of the O'Con-
nell school. I think he would like the "rint,"
perhaps,'as well as the great agitator of Ireland
did.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator from
Georgia allow me to ask whether this man
Turner he is speaking of is a bishop?
Mr. HILL. No, he isnot abishop; I think
nothing but a preacher.
Mr. THCJRMAN. Is he not the man about
whose character testimony was taken by the
Ku Klux committee?
Mr. HILL. No, sir, he has not gone that high
canonically. [Laughter.] He is a licensed
preacher, as I understand. I will say of him
that he received here, by assiduity and the aid
of some white men who were no better than
he is, and some of them worse, in my opinion,
who held distinguished positions in Georgia
at the time, the Macon post office. He was
appointed postmaster there, but did not hold it
for a month before was he compelled to give
place to another. He did undergo a trial upon
charges of some sort or other, and I think it
was somewhat protracted. I do not know what
was done here in the examination before the
Post Office Committee, but I know that he
gave up the office; he was ejected from it. But
1 have said enough about him, more than I
ought.
1 have soon no good reason for any modifi-
cation of the views I expressed on the former
occasion, and I do not think that any logic or
any amount of sympathy that may be bestowed
upon this question can enlighten me in regard
to it. I would not knowingly do the black
man an injury. How far his wrongs and the
distinctions made in society adverse to him in
the South are to be attributed to a natural
feeling is yet to be ascertained. As we are
progressing in this great experiment of giving
freedom to an enslaved race, we have yet, to
discover whether nature has implanted in the
white_ man an ineradicable repugnance to
equality with an inferior race. We do know how
it is in countries south of us. Take Mexico:
there the old Casiilians who went from Spain
to Mexico refused to mingle with the natives,
and they preserved their caste and their com-
plexion. I have thought that there would
be some of that feeling left in the South for a
long time. Perhaps it may grow less; per-
chance m a century it may be obliterated; but
it takes time to determine this question. Nature
is more powerful than legislation. I am dis-
posed to defer something to her; and if it be
true that the prejudices of the white man for-
bid the enforcement of the principles, humane
as they are, abstractly just as they may be, that
the Senator from Massachusetts would enforce;
if we are powerless to give them vigor and
vitality, why sha'l we waste time over abstrac-
tions? I confess that I am open to conviction,
but the conviction must come to me from time
itself, and I do not know that I shall have time
enough upon this earth to derive a great deal
more enlightenment.
Sir, I am serious in one thing: I can see no
good reason why, if we arc to require innkeep-
ers to accept guests without discrimination in
regard to color, we should not go further and
provide that no nationality shall intetvene to
prevent the reception of a guest. Why should
a man be allowed to keep a German hotel in a
city, or a French hotel in a city, and limit the
guests to the particular nationality of the host?
Is there anything wrong in this?
I am not well satisfied with the idea that a
man's house ceases to be his castle whenever
he chooses to convert it into a house of enter-
tainment, and to take a license from the proper
authority as a hotel-keeper or a boarding-house
keeper. Does he cease to have control over it?
Does he become a slave of the public because
he pays a tax ? I think not. I think the hotel-
keeper is entitled to all the discrimination in
regard to his guests that other men have in
admitting them into their houses.
I should never have been drawn at all into
this discussion had I not been anxious for the
amnesty bill to be determined. I wish to
knowitsi'ale. Ifitis to foil, then I have some
bills to offer for individual relief before this body
and the other House of Congress; but so long
as we have a general bill here I prefer not to
introduce thetn. In discussing this bill on a
former occasion I adverted to the fact that I
should oppose any amendment that might be
offered to it, as it was a House bill that had
come here, and we must take it even with
such imperfections as it had, or else hazard
obtaining any bill at all. I trust now, although
there has been one amendment adopted, that
that amendment will be withdrawn by the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] and
that the Senator from Massachusetts, in his
earnestness and great zeal for the passage of
this darling measure of his, will not put it to
hazard by coupling it with amnesty, but will
reserve it for greater perfection as a separate
measure of legislation, so that he may com-
mend it to the two Houses hereafter better
than he does at this particular time.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move to lay aside
the pending bill in order to take up House bill
No. 1050.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Cae-
i'en'tek in the chair.) The Senator from
South Carolina moves to postpone the pending
bill and all prior orders for the purpose of
taking up the amnesty bill last received from
ihe House of Representatives.
Mr. SCJMNBR. I hope not. The pending
measure is a House bill, which has already gone
through several stages in the Senate, and on
which an important amendment is now pend-
ing, and I ask for a vote on that amendment.
Mr. ROBERTSON. The Senator from
Massachusetts can move his amendment on
this other House bill when it is before the Sen-
ate, as well as on the bill now pending. The
committee acted upon House'bill No. 1050
this morning, and instructed me to report it
back without rmendment, but inasmuch as
the morning hour was occupied by other mat-
ters, I did not get a chance to get the floor, and
I take this occasion to move its present con-
sideration in place of the bill now pending i
before the Senate.
, The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on postponing the present bill and pro-
ceeding to the consideration of the amnesty
bill last received from the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. SUMNER. As I understood the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, he reported his bill
to-day.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. Then it cannot be con-
sidered to-day except by unanimous consent,
and I object.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Then I offer it as a
substitute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is informed that this bill was received and
twice read on a former day.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It cannot be considered
on the day it. is reported.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
was then placed on the Calendar, never having
been referred. The motion is therefore in
order.
Mr. ROBERTSON. The committee have
had the bill under consideration this morning,
and inasmuch as the Chair has decided that it
is in order. I insist on my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
rules that it is in order on the supposition
that the bill has not been referred to the com-
mittee. If it has been before the committee
by order of the Senate, and reported back to-
day, then of course one objection would be
fatal to its consideration.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move, then, to pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1050, and to lay aside the bill now before the
Senate in order to proceed to its consideration.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not a proper
motion, to lay it aside.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator's motion
is entirely in order. The second bill which
came to us from the House of Representatives
wentupon the Calendar, and I understand now
from the Senator from South Carolina tliatthe
committee have been considering the bill, in-
formally of course, it not having been referred
to them. The bill being upon the Calendar, itis
entirely competent to take it up and act upon
it, and I hope the Senator's motion will pre-
vail for two reasons. The motion to postpone
the present bill is certainly in order, and then
it will be in order for the Senator to move to
take up the other bill to which he has referred,
he now having given notice that he makes this
motion with that view.
The bill under consideration is not the same
bill as last passed the House. The latter is
more generous than the pending bill, in this
respect: the bill which last passed the House
does not exclude from its operation the mem-
bers of the conventions who voted in favor of
secession, as the bill under consideration does.
That is one reason why I favor the House bill
which last came to us, rather than the bill
which is now under consideration, because I am
in favor of the most liberal of these bills which
have passed the House ot'Representatives.
Another reason why I think it would be ad-
visable to pass the bill now under considera-
tion is this: the bill that we are now consider-
ing has been amended on'the motion of the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton.] I hops
that we may be able to take the last bill as the
House passed it and make it a law. I think
this matter has been quite too long delayed;
and this will give us an opportunity to see if
there is strengih in this body sufficient to pass
an amnesty bill. If the friends of amnesty (as
we understand almost every Senator avows
himself to be) are in earnest, let us take this
bill without these amendments, which are cal-
culated to prevent the passage of any bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How can you do that?
Mr.TRUMBULL. If there are votes enough
here, we can vote down all amendments, and I
hope my friend from Vermont will vote with
mo to prevent any of them being attached to
this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is another question.
What do you gain by this course ?
Mr.TRUMBULL. Wegetridof an amend-
ment already put on this bill.
_ Mr. EDMUNDS. Suppose he offers it again
in a moment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. But an amendment has
been adopted to the present bill that we are
