3180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8;
California remarks that he expected to find
me ready. I infer from this that the Senator
was conscious himself of the extraordinary
course he has pursued in regard to this mat-
ter, not only heretofore, but to some extent
now. And, as the Senator seems to mean
offense by his remark, I remind him that there
was a time when he did not oppose a like bill,
when I, in common with others, voted for it
before I had ever seen the island in question,
and knowing that the Senator from California
was well acquainted with it and with the facts,
and that he did not oppose its use as proposed.
Mr. COLE. The Senator can show no such
record, not by any means, I assure him 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I call for the regular
order if there is one.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont interrupts the Senator from
California to demand the regular order. The
regular order is the amnesty bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And the reading of it.
Mr. COLE. I think I may say something
upon the amnesty bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You cannot say it, until
the bill is read, according to the rules of order.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from New
York was allowed to proceed with a reply to
my colleague, which was in fact an attack
on my colleague. I trust my friend will not
interpose.
Mr. CONIvLING. No ; I bog the Senator's
pardon; it was simply repelling an offensive
remark which was applied to me.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from New York
arose in the first place 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California, if the point is made, must
suspend until the amnesty bill has been read.
Several Senators, in their anxiety t.o debate
another proposition which is not now before
the Somite, have prevented llie reading of the
bill pending. The Secretary, as soon as he
can obtain the hearing of the Senate, will
re 4 this bill; hut he cannot do it while Sen-
ators are occupying the floor.
Mr. COLIC. If the Senator from Vermont,
objects to a single remark from mo, 1 will
give way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
recognize the Senator from California us soon
as tins bill is read. Its reading has been
demanded by the Senator from Vermont.
The Chief Clerk read tho bill (II. R. No.
1050) for the removal of legal and political
disabilities imposed by the third section of the
fourteenth article, of amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States, as follows:
Jif, itrnartrd hy Ihr Smntr, and Jlouar of Ilrprcttmt-
afiven of thr Unitrd Slate* of Ainr'rica ill fXmf/rt'ia
ttHHrmbhd. (two thirds of oaeh IIoiho concurring
therein,J That all legal and political disabilities
imposed by tho I hint senium ol tho fonrteonth
article of amendments to tho Constitution of tho
Unitei .Stales on persons therein mentioned, be-
cause of their having engaged in insurrection or
rebellion against, the United .Stales, or given aid or
comfort to tho enoulies thereof, be, and tho h.i me aro
hereby, removed : Provided, That this act shall not
apply to, or in any way atl'eot or reinovo. the dis-
ability of any person included in citlior of the fol-
lowing classes, namely: first, niombers of the Con-
gress of the United States who withdrew therefrom
and aided the rebellion: fcecond, officers of tho
Army or Navy of tho United States who, being
above tho age of twenty-one years, loft said Army
or Navy and aided tho rebellion.
Sec. 2. That before any person shall bo entitled
to tho benefit of this act, lie shall, within tho dis-
trict where he resides, before a clerk of some court
of the United States, or a United States commis-
sioner, take and subscribe an oath or affirmation to
support the Constitution of the United States, and
to bear true faith and allegiance to the same: which
oath or offirmation shaU be forwarded bysani officer
to the Secretary of State of tho United States, who
Shalt cause a list of alt persons complying with the
provisions of this act to be laid boforo Congress at
tho opening of each session thereof; and tho officer
before whom such oath or affirmation is made shall
give to the person taking it a certificate of the fact,
tinder such forms and regulations as the Secretary
of State shall prescribe.
Mr. COLE. I did not oppose the reference
of the Goat Island bill, and shall not oppose
its reference. It has, however, been intimated
by the Presiding Officer that inasmuch as that
bill was considered by a certain committee of
the House, the committee of the same name
in this body ought to have charge of it here ;
and I suppose the motion will be to refer it to
that committee. It is upon the point as to
which committee should have control of it
that I wish to be heard briefly, not in the way
of opposing its reference at all. I am quite
willing that it shall have consideration at the
hands of some committee, but in my judgment
it ought to go to the committee that I have
indicated, and I think I can give very cogent
reasons why it should go there when it is up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from California, if he may
be allowed to do so, that he has not intimated
that the bill should go to any particular com-
mittee; he has only intimated that the par-
liamentary usage is to recognize the Senator
who represents the committee in this body
corresponding to the committee from which
the bill originated in the other House. After
that the motion to refer is open to amendment.
Any Senator can move to amend the motion ;
or if he obtains the floor first, he can make a
motion in derogation of the right of that com-
mittee, if there is any such right in it.
Mr. COLE. I made no reflection on the
Chair at all; so far as he has gone lie is
probably right; but when the bill came in here,
I recollect that was stated by tbe Chair, prop-
erly, of course.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sim-
ply recognized the chairman of the committee
from which the bill came originally in the other
House.
Mr. STEWART. Can we not have that
question disposed of now bv general consent?
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous
consent, it can be.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think that will lead to
considerable debate.
/1'he VICE PRESIDENT. The amnesty
bill is before the Senate, and the Senator from
Nevada nsks unanimous consent that the Goat
Island bill be taken up for reference.
Mr. SUMNER. If it causes debate, I must
object.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senators from
California can have the weight that is always
given to the two Senators from a State,
especially when they belong to opposite par-
ties, on a question of reference, there will
probably be no very prolonged debate; but
if the Senator from Nevada is to control this
question in the Senate, it will lead to some
debate.
Mr. I30REMAN. It is evident that unani-
mous consent cannot be had for the considera-
tion of that subject. I insist on the amnesty
bill being proceeded with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amnesty
bill is before the Senate, open to amendment
or debate.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I give notice that to-
morrow at one o'clock I shall ask the atten-
tion of the Senate to consider the Military
Academy appropriation bill, which has been
confided to me.
Mr. BOREMAN. Mr. President, I have no
disposition to discuss at any considerable
length the subject of amnesty or the removal
of political disabilities from those who are
laboring under such disabilities by reason of
the provisions of the fourteenth amendment to
the Constitution of the United States. I have
charge of this bill simply as the organ of the
committee on this subject, in the absence of
the chairman. I expect, however, to vote for
the bill if it shall be put upon its passage in
its present form or without any marked amend-
ments to tho provisions as they now exist in
the bill. I shall do this for one or two con-
siderations.
In the first place, the war has been fcver,
declared at an end, for some five or six years,
and under the reconstruction measures passed
by Congress all the citizens of this country,
with some exceptions probably that might be
suggested by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner,] have been restored to their
civil rights, privileges, and immunities ; and
those persons who are under the disabilities
prescribed by the third section of the fourteenth
amendment, so far as exercising the right of
suffrage is concerned, and all other matters
appertaining to Government except the holding
of office, have been restored to their relations
to the State and national Governments. Their
position is an anomalous one, and it seems to
me that the time has come, under all the cir-
cumstances, when it is better that these dis-
tinctions should exist no longer.
In the second place, I shall support the bill
on the ground that Congress has passed a
number of bills relieving several thousands
of persons in a similar condition, some of
whom, at least in my judgment, are as objec-
tionable as any of those who are now laboring
under these disabilities ; and while it may be
said that the fact that some of the worst of the
late rebels have been relieved of their disabili-
ties is notagood reason for relieving others, yet
there is something in iteven if there was objec-
tion to the general bill. It engenders unkind
feeling that some gentlemen in particular States
are relieved of their disabilities while others
are still subject to them. If seems as if we
were not treating these persons all alike when
the behavior, the conduct of the latter, is as
good as that of the former. That is another
reason. Where the conduct of these people
has been equally fair, good, and submissive to
the laws, I do not think we should relieve a
portion of them and not relieve others.
A third reason why I shall vote for the bill
is that 11 will remove a pretext for complaints,
and for the disturbances that are existing in
the South. The fact that these disabilities
exist is made use of for the purpose of stirring
up bad feeling, for the purpose of keeping up
a state of excitement in the southern States,
a state of unrest. Although this ought not to
be so, it is nevertheless the fact, and these
people, many of them, say, "Although we are
citizens of the United States, although we
have all tho other privileges and immunities
of citizens of the United States, yet, we are
marked, we are deprived of aspiring to offi-
cial positions which the citizens around us
are allowed to do;" and they are thus con-
tinued in a state of irritation, and they make
their disabilities a pretext for not pursuing
that course which they otherwise would do;
and they have also the sympathy of a great
many of those who are around them and can
exercise some influence on account of their
condition.
Another reason with me is that I regard the
party to which I belong as committed, not to
universal amnesty, but to the relief of the
masses of those in the South who are now
under the disabilities prescribed by the four-
teenth amendment. The National Republican
convention which assembled in 1868, to nomi-
nate candidates for President and Vice Presi-
dent, passed a resolution, the latter part of
which I will read :
" And we favor the removal of the disqualifications
and restrictions imposed upon the late rebels in tne
same measure as the spirit of disloyalty may die out
and as may be consistent with the safety of the loyal
people."
That is not an unconditional committal, it
is true. Nevertheless the idea is held out in
that resolution to these people that if they
will conduct themselves as good citizens they
will be relieved from the disabilities prescribed
in the fourteenth amendment, as I understand
it. That resolution was passed for the pur;
pose of conveying that idea to the people of
the United States; and in conformity, no
doubt, with what the President of the United
States understood as being the spirit of the
resolution and the policy of the party with
which he was connected, he in his last annual
