1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4077
gone through all the debatable propositions.
We have gone through all the other sections
one by one.
Mr. FENTON. The eleventh section is a
reserved amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. There are several not
yet disposed of, I think.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next reserved amendment.
The Chief Clerk. The next reserved
amendment is to insert as section eleven the
following:
Sue. 11. That the proviso in section four of an act
entitled "An act to protect the revenue, and for
oti-er purposes," approved Juiy 28, 186t>, is hereby
liiodtfi.d and amended so as to read as follows:
"Provided, That from and after the date of the
passage oi this act imported salt in bond may be
used m curing fish, when taken by vessels licensed
to eng.ige in the fisheries, under such regulations as
the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe, and
upon p'Oof that said salt has been used in curing
fish the duties on the same shall be remitted."
Mr. FENTON. In order to perfect this
section I move to amend by adding at the end
<ifline six the words "to sea," and by insert-
ing alter the wot'd "used," in line nine, the
words " at sea." The act of July, 1866, which
this section is intended to modify, provides
thai salt in bond may be taken on shipboard
for curing fish at sea.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to
ask the Senator does he understand that fish
me ever cuied at sea?
Mr. FENfON. No, I do not understand
that lish are fully cured at sea. Large amounts
of salt are used at sea.
• Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. For what?
Mr. FENTON. In the preparation or in
the preservation of the fish until they are taken
on shore to be finally cured. The act of 1866
accomplished that object, that salt in bond
should be taken on shipboard to be used for
this preliminary purpose, or for the preserva-
tion of fish while on shipboard ; but it did not,
or lias not been so construed, and was not in-
tended to operate so as to allow salt to be
used on shore for curing fish The effect of
this section would be to admit duty free, I
suppose, quite half a million bushels of salt,
and 1 submit to the Senate, after the large
reduction of duty on imported salt which
lias been confirmed by the vote of the Senate
to-day, it is unfair to this interest to open the
door still wider.
Mr. M OR KILL, of Maine. Do I understand
the Senator's object to be to exclude salt from
the curing of fish on the land ?
Mr. FEN 1'ON. It has been so, and the
object, of my amendment to the amendment is
to accomplish that very purpose. I know of
no reason why salt shouid be admitted duty
lVee, or a drawback allowed upon imported
salt lor curing fish upon shore, any more than
for curing pork or beef in the western mar-
kets.
Mr. MORltILL, of Vermont. May I ask
the Senator from New York if he does not
understand that under the recent treaty we are
to allow fish that are taken in the British prov-
inces to come into our market.3 free, of course
with free salt? All the fish caught in the
provinces are to come in here under our recent
treaty free, cured or not cured.
Mr. FENTON. I reply to illy friend from
Vermont that the recent, treaty to which he
refers has not been executed and perhaps never
will be.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
time has just, expired.
Mr. HAMLIN". It.hinkt.be Senator from
New York is laboring under a misapprehen-
sion. By his amendment he defeats precisely
what the ohject of the section is; and the
oh|eet, of the section as it is is only to_ carry
out ihe spirit of the existing law. What is
the law? The law is now that the fishermen
shall have a drawback upon their salt., but
it must be put on shipboard. There is not,
according to my recollection, a single word in
the old law that requires them to use it all on
shipboard. They go to sea; they corn their
fish partially; then they come on shore, and
take the salt out of their vessels and finish
using it. Now, this section simply allows them
to use as much on shore of what they have as
they want, and as much on the water as they
want; no more, no less. It is a little matter
of accommodation. It does not give the fisher-
men any more, but it will prevent their lading
and unlading so much of the salt as is used on
the land. That is the whole of it.
Mr. THURMAN. I think my friend from
Maine is quite right in his exposition of this
amendment, but still he does not answer why
salt "should be exported free of duty to euro
fish and not to cure pork or beef?
Mr. HAMLIN. My friend from Ohio knows
the theory of that as well as I do. We form-
erly paid a direct bounty to our fishermen,
and we did it upon the theory, which was
mathematically true, that you educated, more
seamen upon that bounty by ten to one than
you could in any other way. The bounty was
taken off; but still as a little inducement to
that school for educating seamen, the slight
pittance of the remission of the duties on salt
was allowed to remain.
Mr. THURMAN. Then why not apply it
to all fish everywhere, wherever they are
cured?
Mr. HAMLIN. The answer to that is simply
that the shore fishermen, those who fish in
little skiffs and boats, are not seamen. It is
the man who goes upon the deep water and
upon the banks who is the skilled seaman.
Mr. THURMAN. This matter has been
discussed for forty years, and 1 shall not under-
take to discuss it now; but I should like to
have the yeas and nays upon this amendment.
The VICE PRESIDEN T. Upon the amend-
ment of the Senator from New York?
Mr. THURMAN. No; upon the section
itself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New York.
Mr. FENTON. I will state in one
word 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York asks unanimous consent to
speak in continuation of his remarks, hav-
ing spoken five minutes. The Chair hears no
objection.
Mr. FENTON. My object is accomplished
in disagreeing to this section. That leaves
the law of July 28. 18C6, untouched, and I
will modify my motion, with the consent of
the Senate, so that it may be to strike out this
section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the con-
verse of the proposition which is now pending
under parliamentary law, which is to insert
the section. That is the pendiug question.
To reject it is to leave it out of ihe bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am friendly
to both these interests, to the salt interest,
which I think we have hardly treated fairly,
and also to the fisheries as one of the most
important interests that ou^ht to be kept up
for the recruiting of our national vessels as to
sailors. When the bounty upon fisheries was
abolished it was thcunderstanding on the part
of Congress that free salt should be given to
our fishermen, and the law was so framed. It
was so intended, and it was intended to ac-
complish the purpose in full. I therefore shall
be in favor of the section as reported by the
committee.
Mr. FENTON. I move to non-concur in
the amendment. I believe that is the easiest
way to reach it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole, inserting the eleventh
section. Those who do not desire it inserted
will vote in the negative. That is the way,
under parliamentary law. the question is to be
put. Does the Senator from Ohio demand the
yeas and
Mr. THURMAN. No, sir; the Senator
from Missouri wanted them.
Mr. BLAIR. I withdraw the call.
Mr. HILL. Do I understand that there is
no demand for the yeas and nays?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Notnow. The
question is on agreeing to the section.
Mr. HILL. Before I vote I should like to
know what it is, because I voted a little while
ago direcily contrary to what 1 intended on a
motion of some importance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on concurring in. the amendment made
in Committee of the Whole, inserting section
eleven, to be found in italics on the thirty-
fourth page of the bill.
The amendment was concurred in—ayes
thirty-two, noes not counted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next re-
served amendment is the amendment in regard
to the tobacco tax. The Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Logan] reserved this amendment. Will
he indicate precisely which one he desired
reserved ?
Mr. LOGAN. It is the second paragraph
of the section, on page 55, from line eight to
line nineteen.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The only amend-
ment reported from the Committee of the
Whole in this section was to strike out from
the House bill "twenty" and insert "twenty-
four," so as to make the uniform tax on
tobacco twenty four cents.
Mr. LOGAN. If I can get the attention of
the Senate for a moment, I desire to offer an
amendment to that amendment made in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It will be well recol-
lected by the Senate that the question then
was on a tax of thirty-two cents on chewing
tobacco and a tax of sixteen cents on smok-
ing tobacco. The Senate decided to make a
uniform tax of twenty-four cents. I wish now
to offer this amendment:
Provided, however. That on all smoking tobacco
made of stems, t lugs and trash, with all the stems
m, or ot a mixture of lu'rs or trash and steins ; on all
refuse, waste, scraps, cuttings, and sweepings of plug
and cigar manufactories, and on shorts which have
passed through a riddle of thirty-six meshes to the
square inch, a tax of sixteen cents per pound.
I will explain this in a moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Illinois that his
amendment can be received nowonly by unan-
imous consent, because the first question is on
the reserved amendments made in Committee
of the Whole. In Committee of the Whole
the motion was rejected to strike the section
out ; but if the Senator desires to consider
this question now m connection with the rais-
ing of the tax from twenty to twenty-four cents,
the Chair will inquire if there be consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we' had better
go through with the committee's amendments.
The* Senator will then have a right to make
the motion.
Mr. CONKLING. Is not the Senator from
Illinois amending an amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly not.
The only amendment of the Committee of the
Whole in this clause is striking out "twenty"
and inserting "twenty-four." That can be
amended as between the proposition of the
House and the proposition adopted in Com-
mittee of the Whole by the Senate. Any other
amendment, like ail other senatorial amend-
ments. must be withheld until after the re-
served amendments are acted upon, unless by
unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. After the committee's
amendments are through with it can be
offered.
Mr. LOGAN. It is immaterial to me when
it is offered.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator did not make
any point on what was inserted, butonly wished
to add a new proviso. That he can do altei-
ward.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The questiou
is on agreeing to the amendment made as in
