1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
493
now considering, while the bill which last came
from the House of Representatives is a clean
bill without any amendment to it, and if the
Senate agrees to pass it, that is the end of it;
it becomes a law at once.
There is another reason. When this amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts was
offered I believed that it was not in order, that
it was an improper amendment. I expressed
my view at that time. The Senate by a close
vote admitted it; but I wish to test that ques-
tion again; and if the Senator from Massa-
chusetts should persist in offering his amend-
ment to every amnesty bill that comes to this
body, I trust that the Senate will stand by
what, to me, is manifestly the parliamentary
law in such a case, and will not receive his
amendment. It is a proposition that ought
not to be offered in connection with this bill.
I do not propose now to discuss that measure.
It is a measure which, if it can pass at all, as
I hope it never will in the shape he has offered
it, can pass by a majority vote. The subject-
matter of his hill, or his "supplementary civil
rights bill," as he calls it, has been before
this body for years. It was here in the last
Congress, and the Committee on the Judi-
ciary reported adversely to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not in its present form.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not precisely as it has
been amended, but precisely as it was offered
by the Senator from Massachusetts, I think.
It is the very same printed bill. I have not
compared them, but 1 believe it to be the same
bill, the same print which was before the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and which I had the
honor to report back adversely by the direc-
tion of the members of that committee.
Now, sir, I hope that the motion of the Sen-
ator from South Carolina will prevail for the
two reasons 1 have given. In the first place,
the last bill that passed the House is the most
liberal one, and it is the best one; and in the
second place, we shall thereby have an oppor-
tunity, if there is a majority of the Senate in
favor of amnesty, of voting against all amend-
ments, passing the bill, and making it a law
at once, and this will bring us to a vote at
some time. We shall never accomplish any-
thing by constantly loading down amnesty
bills by riders. I know or have reason to
know, at least 1 believe, that there are a num-
ber of Senators who are opposed to any gen-
eral amnesty bill, and they are ready to vote
for any and every amendment that is offered,
with a view of era barrassing the bill and defeat-
ing it. I have no doubt there are some Sen-
ators, conscientiously, according to their con-
victions of duty, opposed to a general amnesty
bill—I so understand them—and of course those
Ser-ators will vote for any amendment that
may be offered; but I trust that the real friends
Of amnesty, those who believe that the peace
of this country, the restoration of good feeling,
and the establishment of better governments
in the South, will be promoted by the passage
of a liberal amnesty bill, will stand together
and take the bill as the House has passed it,
and let us make it a law and not suffer it to
be entangled with these various amendments
which are supported, of course, by all those
who are opposed to amnesty, and supported by
others, I suppose, because they think them
proper amendments.
For these reasons I hope the motion of the
Senator from South Carolina will prevail, and
on that 1 call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CONKLINGr. Mr. President, I do not
feel called upon to vote for this motion, and
certainly not for the reasons which have been
given us. It is suggested, first, that the bill
in favor of which tne motion is made to post-
pone the pending measure is more liberal than
the one we have before us, in that it extends
amnesty to men who assembled in southern
conventions, as they were called, and voted
their States out of the Union, who inaugurated
under solemn forms the revolution which
plunged the nation into the Red sea of war.
I am inclined to think that I would rather
have some other recommendation of the latter
bill of the House than this.
But I rose to speak more particularly of the
other ground on which an appeal is made to
us to vote in favor of the motion now made
by the Senator from South Carolina. We are
asked to do it because it will divest the meas-
ure before the Senate of the amendment which,
after a considerable debate, was adopted, and
because it will reopen a question of order. I
will not speak of the amendment, but I want
to say a word on the question of order.
The Senator from Massachusetts offering his
amendment, a point of order was raised upon
it. That point was ruled by the Presiding
Officer, the honorable Senator from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Anthony,] then occupying the
chair. An appeal was taken from his decis-
ion, and deliberately, I may say elaborately,
that appeal was discussed in the Senate, and
by the action of the Senate the law was laid
down in this case in favor of the propriety of
the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
Now, Mr. President, how shall it be said that
those who want a vote upon the amnesty bill,
either for or against it, and to make an end of
it, ought to go back, take up a measure de novo,
and litigate over again, not only the question
of the amendment which has prevailed, but
even a prolix question of order? Tt seems to
me that it would be making haste backward ;
it would be an advance crab-fashion toward a
result and finality upon the amnesty bill. And
I wish, forone, to protest against being classed
with the enemies of amnesty in any form if I
am unable to see the propriety at this late day
of undoing all that we have done, and going
back and proceeding again to rehearse and
rehash questions ofamendments already passed
upon and final action recorded, and even open-
ing questions of order which have not only
been made and decided, but argued elaborately
and decided by the Senate itself.
Mr. President, the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts has been elaborately
discussed. I have taken no part in its discus-
sion. I do not mean to do so. It has been
mainly upon the suggestion of the Senator from
New Jersey, [Mr. Frelingiiuysen,] so shaped
as to avoid in the main constitutional objec-
tions, and therefore it presents itself fairly
upon its merits. Why not vote upon it? Can
there be any doubt that wc shall save time by
adhering to the present bill, availing ourselves
of so much work as we have done, which it
has taken, if I mistake not, a fortnight to
accomplish? Why throw that away and go
back to the beginning, and litigate over again
all questions, including questions of order and
of form ?
Now, sir, as one of those who wish to see
the business of the Senate advanced, and who
would be glad to see the Senator from South
Carolina succeed in bringing the Senate to a
vote on his measure, I appeal to him not to try
this new experiment, but to let us proceed with
the bill that we have before us, avail ourselves
and get the value of all the work we have done,
and not retrace our steps and begin at the
beginning to go all over it again. If he will
adhere to the present bill, if he will allow us
to vote upon the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts, and any other amend-
ment that may be proposed, voting also, if he
wants to test the seribe of the Senate, upon
liberalizingthepresentbillby incorporating the
particular provision which takes into the em-
brace of amnesty those who voted the States
out of the Union, there is no difficulty in his
doing that, and, at the same time, losing noth-
ing that we have already done. Iherefore, as
atriend of the business before the Senate, and
of proceeding with the amnesty bill to a con-
clusion, as well as other bills, at the earliest
day, I hope he will stand where he is, and let
us, as I cannot say too often, profit by what
wo have done and finish only the remainder
of the subject, in place of going back and
taking it all over again, inemdiug questions
of order, from the start.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, there are
two reasons given in favor of taking up the
second amnesty bill that came from the House.
One of the reasons is that by so doing we shall
get clear of an amendment that was put upon
the first bill by a deliberate vote of the Senate.
Does the Senator who mado that argument
suppose he will get rid of that amendment,
deliberately adopted by a decided vote of the
Senate, by simply taking up another bill?
Shall we not have the question of that amend-
ment again presented?
Mr. THURMAN. Let me suggest to the
Senator that, if I am not entirely in error, the
amendment to which he alludes has not been
decided by the Senate, but only decided in
committee.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator is mistaken.
It was adopted in the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment was adopted in the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. After two days' debate.
Mr. MORTON. That would not be a very
material matter anyhow.
Another reason is, that the second amnesty
bill is more liberal, because it gives amnesty
to the men who composed the State conven-
tions that voted to carry the several States out
of the Union. I think there cannot be found
a worse class of men, men more undeserving
of amnesty, than the men who attempted to
carry the States out of the Union by their votes
in those conventions. In some of those con-
ventions the vote was procured by fraud ; the
members of those conventions voted for ordi-
nances of secession in defiance of the wishes
of a majority of the people of the States. Take
for example, the State of Virginia, the State
of Tennessee, the State of Alabama, and per-
haps others can be named where the ordinance
of secession was adopted by the convention in
defiance ol the will of the majority of the peo-
ple as expressed at the polls at tbe time of the
election of delegates. The men who were thus
guilty of a double crime, and who have upon
th£tn all the responsibilities and the conse-
quences of that rebellion, it is proposed to
amnesty by this second bill; and that is offered
as an argument why the former bill should be
laid aside and the second bill taken up I
Mr. President, I hope this proceeding will
go on upon the first bill, because if the second
bill should be ta'ien up there will be at least
| an effort made in the Senate to put in the
| third exception that is left out by the second
: bill, and the amendment adopted upon the
i first bill will at least be offered, and I believe
j it will be adopted upon the second bill, and
I the amendment offered by the Senator from
Massachusetts will certainly be renewed upon
the second bill, so that nothing will be gained,
but much time will be lost, because we shall
then have to fight over the very ground we
have gone over. For one, I am ready to vote
on the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. I believe the amendment that I
offered as applied to the officers of a church,
striking out those words, is accepted by the
Senator from Massachusetts, so that my amend-
ment is agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope the motionof the
Senator from South Carolina will prevail, and
I think it will require very little reflection on
the part of any Senator to see that if it does
prevail instead of losing time, we shall gain
time.
First, in regard to the amendment that
has been adopted on the motion of the Senator
from Indiana, which I was under the impres-
sion a moment ago had only been adopted in
committee, but I remember now that it was
defeated in committee, and was afterward
renewed in the Senate and adopted by barely
a majority—in regard to that amendment, I do
not think"the Senator will see the necessiiy of
offering it again, for there was but one man at
