4078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
Committee of the Whole, striking out twenty
and inserting twenty-four centa as the tax on
tobacco.
The amendment was concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next reserved amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. There was one amend-
ment on page 57, between line sixty-three and
line sixty-five, of section [seventeen] sixteen,
where, on my motion, some words were
stricken out by inadvertence. I wish the
words restored as they were in the text of
the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the words.
The Chief Clerk. On page 57 the Senate
struck out in Committee of the Whole the
following:
And if their annual sales exceed $1,000, shall
each pay in addition thereto fifty cents for every
dollar in excess of 81,000 of their sales.
Mr. SHERMAN. Those words were stricken
out by inadvertence.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection the words are restored. They are
restored.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn. ["No!" "No I"]
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next reserved amendment.
The CmEF Clerk. On page 55 the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, struck out sec-
tion sixteen of the House bill, in the follow-
ing words :
SkC. 10. That so much of section one hundred and
seventv-nine of the act of July 13,1866, as provides
for moieties to informers be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
And on page 77, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, inserted the following as
section tweuty-four:
Sec. it. That so mueh of section ono hundred and
sevcnty-nino of the act of July 13, 1806, as provides
for moieties to informers be, and the same is hereby,
repealed; and the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, with the approval of the Secretary of the
Treasury, is hereby authorized to pay such sums,
not exceeding in the aggregate the amount appro-
priated therefor, as may in his judgment be deemed
necessary tor detecting and bringing to trial and
punishment persons guilty of violating the internal
revenue laws, or conniving at the same, in cases
where such expenses are not otherwise provided for
by law; nnd for this purpose thcro is hereby appro-
priated $100,000, or so much thereof as may bo
nccessary, out of any money in tho Treasury not
othorwise appropriated.
Mr. MORTON. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon that.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—veas 38, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aleorn, Bayard, Blair, Boreman,
Buckingham, Caldwell, Ca^serly, Clayton, Colo,
Cooper. Cragin, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Mary-
land. Hill, -llitchoock, Johnston, Kelly, Lewis,
Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nor-
wood, Pratt, Ramsey, Ransom, Robertson, Sauls-
bury, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Stevenson, Stockton,
Thurman, Trumbull, Vickers, Wilson, VVindom, and
Wright—38.
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Chandlor, Conkling,
Oi.rbett, Fcnton, Ferry.ot Michigan, Flanagan,
Fielingliuysen, Hamlin, Harlan, llowe, Morton,
Nyo, and 0Jborn—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Brownlow. Cameron,
Carpenter. Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Vir-
ginia, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut. Gilbert,
Hamilton of Texas, Kellogg, Patterson, Pomeroy,
Pool, lliee, SehurB. Sponcer, Sprague, Stewart,
Sumner, Tipton, and West—22.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. As-
thony in the chair.) The Secretary will read
the next reserved amendment.
TheCmEFCl.ERK, The next reserved amend-
ment is the paragraphs reliting to tobacco
bonded warehouses, commencing on page 68.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 do not remember their
being reserved. We had two or three votes
on them by yeas and nays.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 think this may be one
of the amendments I asked about. If so, I
beg to withdraw my request that they be re-
served unless gome other Senator desires it.
Mr SHERMAN. We adopted them almost
unanimously on a yea and nay vote.
ThePRESIDINGOFFICER. Theseamend-
ments appear to be concurred in.
The Chief Clerk. The next reserved amend-
ment is on page 75 in relation to stamps. The
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, struck
out. commencing on page 7S, section twenty-
three, down to line thirty-eight, and in lieu
of the words stricken out 
Mr. SHERMAN. I asked that that amend-
ment be reserved. I withdraw the request, as
it goes to the House.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. This amend-
ment will stand as adopted in Committee of
the Whole. This completes the reserved
amendments.
Mr. LOGAN. Now, on page 55, section
seventeen, I offer the following amendment
to come in at the end of the paragraph:
Provided, however. That on all smoking tobacco
made ot stems, or of lug and trash with all the stems
in, or ot a mixture of lugs or trash and stems; on all
refuse, waste, scraps, cuttings, and sweepings of plug
and cigar manufactories, and on shorts which have
passed through a riddle of thirty-six meshes to the
square inch, a tax of sixteen cents per pound.
I do not want to discuss it, but call the at-
tention of those who may not understand it.
This is the refuse stuff of tobacco. It does
not contain any of the good qualities of
tobacco. It is the poorest quality of sweep-
ings, clippings, and mere stems and lugs, and
I exclude from this amendment everthing of
a quality that is suitable for use that would
pay any high tax. It is for the purpose of
preventing those manufacturers who are man-
ufacturing smoking tobacco in this country
from being entirely driven out of the trade,
and it does not affect the cut tobacco at all.
It includes the smoking plug made out of that
quality of tobacco as well as cut tobacco, made
out of that quality for smoking purposes only.
Mr. J OHNSTON. This is simply the same
proposition that has been made heretofore
and voted down, the question between a uni-
form tax and a graded tax. The same evils
that result from a graded tax in any shape
flow from the adoption of this proposition. I
trust the same vote will be had upon tHis and
that it will be voted down.
Mr. LOGAN. I only want to say that it is
not the same proposition by any means. The
classification before contained different classes
of tobacco. This is entirely refuse. I ask
for the yeas and nays on this question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I object to the amend-
ment as far as I am concerned. There is, I
think, no one article known to the Ameri-
can people in regard to which an imposition
upon the Government can be practiced more
readily than on this article of tobacco, and the
idea of discriminating evidently opens up the
margin. If it is uniform the planter and all
manufacturers, be their capital what it may,
are upon an equality ; and when the American
people are upon an equality it seems to me
there is no great margin for grumbling. Fur
instance, to illustrate very briefly, in St. Louis,
Richmond, Louisville, Cincinnati, and I might
go on to enumerate various other large tobacco
markets, they have their annual fairs, and
frequently premium tobaccos bring two and
three dollars a pound—fabulous prices. What
is the inducement for those high premiums?
For the culture of tobacco principally ; that is
the one grand idea ; it is a praiseworthy one ;
but when it comes to the purchaser who manu-
factures thatarticlesubsequently, what does he
do with it? He puts it upon the market, the
understanding being that he has paid two or
three dollars per pound for it in the leaf, and
he sells it at a dollar. How does he do
that and realize a speculation ? It goes abroad
to the country as fine premium tobacco, and
here is perhaps one leaf upon this plug, or two
is the extent; and that comes down to five or
six cents, a very small price. Thus it is when
you come down to the stem that the struggle
is now being made to reduce the tax to sixteen
cents. The same thing is presented here exactly
You buy the article at a very small price, but
you then introduce something else, and you
grade it up, not down, and thus it goes pro or
con one way or the other up or down, but you
always affect the Government in doing so. That
is the idea. When it is uniform it is all right,
and no advantage can be taken of the Gov-
ernment or of individuals.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not want to discuss this
matter. I merely wish to say that I called for
the yeas and nays on this question for the pur-
pose of seeing whether or not the Senators
who have had all the protection that is neces-
sary in their country ar? willing to drive all
manufacturers of this class of poor tobacco
out of the market in the western States. That
is all I desire, and I want the yeas and nays
on it.
Mr. THURMAN. I am paired on this ques-
tion with the Senator from West Virginia,
[Mr. Davis.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 28 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckingham, Chandler,
Conkling, Cragin, Ferry of Michigan, Hamlin, Har-
lan, Hitchcock, Howe, Logan. Morton, Nye, Pome-
roy, Pratt, Ramsey. Sherman, Trumbull, Wilson,
Windom, and Wright—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Boreman,
Caldwell, Casserly, Clayton, Cooper, Corbett, Flan-
agan, Goidthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hill,
Johnston, Kelly, Lewis, Norwood, Osborn, Pool,
Ransom, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Scott,
Sprague, Stevenson, Stockton, and Vickers—28.
ABSENT — Messrs. Ames, Brownlow, Cameron,
Carpenter, Cole, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West
Virginia, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut,
Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Kellogg,
Morrill ot Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Patterson,
Rice, Schurz, Spencer, Stewart, Silmnor, Timrman,
Tipton, and West—25.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. LOGAN. I wish now to offer this
amendment:
Provided, however, That on all smoking tobacoo
made of stems or lugs or stems and lugs—
Leaving all the restout, merely taking stems
and lugs—
the tax shall be sixteen cents a pound.
The amendment was rejected, there being
on a division—ayes 20, noes 31.
Mr. MORTON. On page 39, after line one
hundred and twenty-five of section [eleven]
twelve, I move to insert:
And provided further, That no defioicncy or per
diem tax heretofore assessed during an involuntary
suspension occasioned by unavoidable accident shall
be collected, and such assessments heretofore mado
shall be refunded.
_ I desire to say a word merely in explana-
tion. As the law formerly stood there was a
per diem tax upon all distilleries, and although
the distillery might be suspended by unavoid-
able accident, stdl they were compelled to pay
this tax. Since then the law was changed so
as to relieve the distillers of the payment of
the tax in cases of unavoidable accident. This
simply carries out the spirit of the law, and
provides that where a tax has accrued and
been assessed when the distillery was sus-
pended by unavoidable accident, it shall not
be collected or shall be refunded. It is strictly
within the spirit of the law, and it is entirely
just. Nobody can say but what it is right.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that involves a
pretty large subject. Not only a great amount
of money has been paid, but some claims are
still pending. It opens up a controversy, and
I think it is very unwise. We have repealed
the tax now, and have provided for future
eases; and this act, I am glad to say, is entirely
free from any attempt to refund or remit back
dues, or to pay old claims. I inquired of the
Commissioner how much this would involve.
It is impossible to tell. It is refunding taxes,
going back to 1868, when the law passed. I
hope Senators will see that at this time of
night we ought not to pass upon a matter of
that kind.
Mr. CONKLING. I suppose the Senator
from Indiana wants aid in this matter. If he
will include the income tax in the amendment
so that we can vote to get rid of both, 1 will
be very happy to vote with him.
