442
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 1,
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Stevenson.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
have enlarged and multiplied the powers of
man so that the necessaries and comforts of
life are more easily procured and generally
distributed, and hence larger populations are
sustained on the same area. The use of steam-
alone-has infinitely lengthened and strength-
ened the arm of man in the struggle for life.
By this power we gain more and cheaper food,
shelter, and raiment. Other similar means,
various and numberless, contribute to the same
result. It is claimed by opposing propagand-
ists that the development of each great power
is due to the prevalence of one or other of the
antagonistic theories. But both sides are re-
futed by the fact that the prosperity is general,
and in a measure common. No nation, no
continent has prospered at the cost of others;
but all have advanced together, though some
more than others, save where wars or other
special causes have intervened, and nations
pursuing opposite commercial policies have
flourished side by side. As an illustration of
what a people can do without or with but
moderate restriction on importations, con-
sider the growth of England. The popula-
tion of England has risen from 8,892,536 in
1801 to 2*2,704,108 in 1871. Wealth has
increased more rapidly than population. The
gross income of the people of the United
Kingdom has risen from £150,000,000 in 1784
to £860,000,000 in 1870. And though there has
long been and still is much destitution in Eng-
ftnd. yet (he general condition of the people is
improved. The extension of civil and political
rights and the distribution of property are evi-
dences of this; but probably the best proof is
in the proportion ol the number of inhabitants
to the number of inhabiled houses. In 1821
there were nearly six persons to the house.
In 1871 there were about five persons to the
house; yet the size, style, and comfort of
buildings, and the manner of living have so
advanced that the artisan is belter shellered,
clothed, and fed than were the nobility cen-
turies ago, and men in medium but independ-
ent circumstances live better than did kings
and queens of former days. What would Queen
Elizabeth have thought of a house lighted
by sky-lights, bay windows, and gas, warmed by
steam and supplied with hot and cold water,
filled with works of art, and surrounded by
orchards, gardens, and conservatories—what
of atrip by rail or a voyage in a steamship, the
London Times at her breakfast table, and the
telegraph at her pleasure ? These are every-
day comforts of commoners of England ; many
of them privileges of the poor.
Are these improvements the result of " pro-
tection " or of '• free trade ? " Neither. They
spring from other causes. Commercial policy
has only accelerated orrctarded them. While
it will be generally admitted that the liberal
system seems to have been wise and fortunate
for Great Britain, her growth in population
and wealth does notcompare with ours, though
we have pursued a different policy ; yet our
development can be no more attributed to
protection than that of England to free trade.
We are expanding over a new continent. The
wave of population coveis virgin soil and gives
it market and productive value at the rate of
about fifteen thousand square miles—ten mil-
lion acres—a year. We build railroads five
thousand miles a year. We have vast immi-
gration of the best people of Europe. Our
population increases a million a year. Such
causes may be aided or hindered, but they
cannot be controlled by commercial policies.
This nation would continue to grow and pros-
per, though less rapidly, if a wall of ''pro-
tection " shut out every article of foreign pro-
duction. We should continue to grow' and
prosper, though some interests and sections
might sufi'er for a time, if trade with all the
world were absolutely free. With liberty aud
peace we should prosper under any school of
political economy in spite of any and all sys-
tems ; but certainly we have room enough for
freedom without giving to one section or class
powers and privileges over others, or taxing
the masses for the benefit of the few.
IN CONSISTENT PRACTICES OP PROHIBITIONISTS.
Inconsistent as are the arguments of those
who advocate the exclusive policy, their prac-
tices are more contradictory. It is entertain-
ing, if not instructive, to examine the internal
systems of taxation of such States as favor the
national exclusive theory.
The States which have most consistently
maintained the doctrine that Congress should
levy such duties on foreign imports as will,
without regard to revenue, afford ample pro-
tection to domestic manufactures, are the
New England and some of the middle States,
as New Jersey and Pennsylvania. These com-
bine on special interests with other States, as
Michigan on lumber and salt, and Louisiana
oil sugar, aud Maryland on coal, and New
York on salt. These States unite on a
policy which imposes burdens on the people
of the Union for the advantage, at least in the
first instance, of the inhabitants, capitalists,
and laborers of the "protected" States, inter-
ested in protected articles. The Representa-
tives of these States say to the nation, "'Give us
this policy, because we need it; our people
cannot profitably pursue those industries to
which nature invites us without protection
from foreign competition in the markets of
the Union."
Yielding more or less to this plea, Congress
has, from the beginning, given greater or less
protection to various industries ; to some con-
tinuous. We should have expected that in
their internal economy the States asking the
nation lor protection and indirect bounty for
special industries would have taken measures
to encourage those industries, either directly
by State bounties on production, by loaning
State capital or credit without interest or at
low rates, or indirectly by exemption from
taxation. This would have been consistent,
and have given evidence of sincerity if not of
wisdom.
States believing in the advantages of com-
merce have loaned money and credit, and in-
vest ed funds in internal improvements,as roads,
canals, and railways. New York has expended
vast sums for canals, amounting to about one
hundred million dollars, the greater part of
which she has collected again in tolls. Penn-
sylvania, though professing to prefer manufac-
tures, and demanding national favor and bounty
for them, has given aid to "internal improve-
ments," while she has laid special taxes on
manufactures. Massachusetts has been liberal
to internal improvements ; nearly every State
has aided them. But how have the States
which claim and enjoy national "protection "
dealt with manufactures, capitalists, and labor-
ers, and with the people of the nation at large,
to whom they appeal for aid to their local
interests ?
Here are official reports from several of
these States:
MKW JEKSKY.
These are State documents of New Jersey
of 1869 and 1871. We cannot forget—the
gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Hiij,] will
not allow us—how ardent New Jersey is for
protection, especially on iron and coal. Her
situation compels the surplus products of
Pennsylvania and goods to and from the West
to cross her territory. While we favor her we
might expect that she would allow us and our
products and purchases free transit over her
domain, or at least that she would leave coal
and_ iron free passage. These creatures of
national favor, made so at her request, should
not be subjects of her exaction.
Open legislative documents of 1869, and
you find on page 040 a statement of the in-
come of New Jersey for 1868, showing the
gross receipts from all sources $514,000, of
which seventy-five per cent, was from taxes
on railroads, as follows: transit duties, $269,-
613 46; tax on capital stock, $113,382 81.
Open the volume for 1871, and you find on
page 270 that the State derived in 1870 over
four hundred and thirteen thousand dollars
from railroads, as follows: tax on united com-
panies, $298,128 96; on railroad stocks, $ 124,-
yi2 40. The "transit dues" appear to have
been commuted with advantage to the State.
It is alleged that some changes have been
made or are proposed in this policy. Certainly
consistency requires either that New Jersey
cease to tax the people, products, and com-
merce of other Slates for her support, or that
she abandon her claim to special favor. If
she can tax coal and iron for transit across her
territory, why need we protect coal and iron
for her benefit? While she exacts tolls of us
and our products and purchases, why should
we favor her ?
MARYLAND.
Maryland is largely engaged in coal-mining,
and her representatives aided last spring to
defeat the bill to place coal on the free list.
One of the heaviest items of expense in laying
down coal in market is transportation, and
we should have expected Maryland to encour-
age the transportation of coal. Such a pol-
icy would be consistent with her theories, and
would seem to be for her advantage ; yet in the
volume of house documents of Maryland of
1870, in the comptroller's report, table No. 5,
is the following item : " receipts from canal
and railroad companies, $333,577 25."
CONNECTICUT.
The name is a synonym for ingenuity and
thrift—an assurance of high intelligence. She
is prosperous. She would hardly deny that
her condition is due in great part to the pro-
tective policy which she advocates and main-
tains. Her people have much wealth invested
in manufactures, and the profits of labor have
accumulated $50,000,000 in savings banks.
Wo are told'that this is a beneficent result
of the protective policy to the laboring man.
Yet it appears m Connecticut legislative docu-
ments of 1871, page 31, that in 1870 the
State taxed these savings of her operatives
whom we protect $372,692 13, and that she
taxed railroads, the means of transportation
of the products of labor, $312,254 60.
So great have been the profits of Connecti-
cut capitalists that they have large surplus,
which they employ in insurance, extending
their business throughout the Union. The
companies are generally profitable, and the
State taxes them, deriving in 1870 from this
source $171,000, thus gathering tribute from
the whole Union. She received in 1870 by
these special taxes over $855,000 while all
her direct taxes were only $008,000.
MASSACHUSETTS.
It would be painful and humiliating to find
in the policy of Massachusetts evidence of bad
faith. That Commonwealth is deservedly re-
garded as the model of a free and enlightened
State, yet parts of her internal economy invite
criticism and require explanation.
In the volume of Massachusetts House
Legislative Documents of 1871, Document No.
99, page 7, appears a statement ot receipts for
1870, among which are the following items.
State tax, 1870  82,489,951) 00
Corporation tax  l,4«o,-i52 45
Savings-bank tax  1127,204 91
Tax on bank stock oi non-residents  181,79s 41
Alien passsengers  46,272 00
On page 14 of the same document among
the estimates of receipts for 1871 are the
following:
Corporation tax, net proceeds  $060,000
Alien passenger tax  BO.OU)
Bank shares of non-rosidenta  125,600
Savings-bank tax    1,080,OCO
