494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
whom it was aimed ; no other name was sug-
gested ; no other possible name was spoken
of; it was only in respect to the Senator-elect
from North Carolina that the amendment was
supposed to have any effect, and he has resigned
all claim to that office, so that now, if the
amendment were put on the bill, it would be
without any office or effect whatever. So far,
therefore, as that amendment is concerned, it
is a matter of no earthly consequence whether
it is in the bill or not in the Jjill.
Then, in regard to the other matter, the
amendment ot the Senator from Massachu-
setts, a point of order was raised. The Sen-
ator from New York objects to going into
that question of order again. Let the Senate
understand precisely how the matter stands.
I made the question of order. The Chair had
to decide it without argument, for the rule
required him to decide it without argument.
He did decide it, and ruled that the amend-
ment was in order. I appealed. The appeal
was debated, and the decision of the Chair
was sustained by, I believe, barely a majority
of one.
Mr. SUMNER. Two.
Mr. THURMAN. Take two, if you please ;
it is a de minimis non curat whether it is one
or two; and there were seventeen absentees.
In a Senate not full by any means that decis-
ion was sustained simply by a majority of one
or two. Is that a decision that ought to govern?
Is that a decision thatought to stand? No, sir:
but it does stand as long as this bill is before the
Senate. I cannot renew the question of order
on ill's bill, because the question has been
decided ; but whenever a new bill is up, then
i can mako the question when the Senator
from Massachusetts shall offer his amendment
again; and it is in order that the sense first
ot the Presiding Officer of the Senate and
then of a full Senate may be taken upon that
point that I for one wish to see the question
made again, and I wish to see the present bill
postponed and the other taken up, in order
that the question may be made.
Now, sir, in reference to that question, no
man answered the argument, no man, I think,
can answer the argument, that if you were Ao
put on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts and pass this bill through the
Senate by a two-thirds vote and send it to the
House of Representatives, and there should
there be a majority for it, but less than two
thirds, then you would have this great specta-
cle presented, of one half of that bill passed
by the necessary constitutional majority to
enact it into a law and the residue of the bill
not passed by a sufficient number of votes;
and where, then, is your law? What part of
it is law and what part of it is not law? No
one has answered that question. Whether
gentlemen did not think it woith while to an-
swer it or not I leave it for others to decide,
but that is a question which ought to be met.
_ Now, sir, why do I want to make the ques-
tion? Not because I am not ready to vote on
the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. As I said lyhen I made the question
of order, I am ready to vote on that amend-
ment. 1 am prepared to vote upon it, because,
in my judgment, no clearer proposition can be
submitted to a lawyer's mmd than that the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts
is unconstitut onal, and without going at all
into the merits or demerits ot his measure, it is
sufficient for me, who have sworn to support
the Constitution, and mean to obey my oath,
that, in my judgment, it is a plainly unconsti-
tutional measuie.
And now, what is proposed to be done in
regard to that measure; that measure which
was condemned, so lar as your law committee
was concerned, when it was in a less obnox-
ious form than it is now; that measure which,
■when it ttood alone, was condemned, reported
against, and never taken up by the Senate?
It is proposed to take that measure, add sec-
tion after section to it, make it far more wide-
than it was when your committee
upon it, and pass it through the
reachin
report ei
Senate without ever referring it to a commit-
tee at all. The bill which the Senator from
Massachusetts offers as an amendment to the
amnesty bill has never been referred to a
committee at this session. A similar bill
was referred at a former session and reported
against. He takes that old bill, greatly en-
larges it, makes it more obnoxious to consti-
tutional objections than his old bill was, and
without any reference to a committee at all
moves it as an amendment to this bill, and
so imperfect that 011 all sides we see it has to
be amended. It has undergone 110 sufficient
scrutiny at all. The defects pointed out are
so glaiing, even if the measure were ever
so constitutional, that the Senator is obliged
to accept amendments the moment they are
offered.
Take the amendment suggested by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott] the other
day. That bill, as it wa3 introduced, pun-
ished every innocent man, woman, and child
that held stock in a corporation, for what ?
For acts that every one of them might have
voted against; for decisions that every one
of them might have opposed, if there was a
bare majority of the direction in that corpor-
ation that made a particular decision, or with-
out that, if some officer or agent of that cor-
poration violated the provisions of the bill.
It confiscated their property, brought ruin
upon the innocent as well as the guilty, all
alike; took away State charters, deprived cor-
porations of millions of property, and reduced
to ruin and bankruptcy thousands of men.
The Senator from Pennsylvania saw that. He
is accustomed to look at the details of a bill,
to scrutinize with a iawyer'seye the provisions
of a law; be saw the impropriety ; he pointed
it out; it was glaring ; and the Senator from
Massachusetts accepted his amendment. So
the Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Freling-
huysen] the other day pointed out other
defects in the bill, and they were corrected.
And so again did the Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Morton] this morning.
And now this bill that is to be amended here
in open Senate by these straggling amend-
ments, with no careful examination of them,
no silting down in a committee-room and care-
fully discussing the details of the measure, as
would be necessary if it were ever so constitu-
tional—this bill of mere ordinary legislation is
to be forced on to this amnesty bill, for what
purpose ? That you may have a fine rhetorical
sentence, that justice went with grace; that
you were just as well as generous; and that
while you held out amnesty to the white peo-
ple of the South, in the same hands you held
out justice to the black people all over the
country! That is all very beautiful rhetoric;
that makes an exquisitely fine heading to a
speech, or perhaps to a bill ; but I submit to
the Senate that it is not the kind of considera-
tion that should make us depart from the plain
proper modes of legislation which require that
an amnesty bill shall stand by itself, that as it
requires two thirds to pass it it shall not have
amendments put upon it which can be made
law by a bare majority of the two Houses ot
Congress, that it shall not have amendments
put on it that have no relation properly to the
subject-matter of the bill. I say this reason
that has been given is altogether insufficient
for the purpose for which it is given.
Now, Mr. President, if there is a majority
of the Senate—and I do not know but that
there is—in favor of the bill of the Senator
from Massachusetts, why can he not be con-
tent with taking that bill up and passing it by
a majority? Why insist upon sticking it on
this bill? Why insist upon putting it in a
place where it does not belong? We have
several months yet of this session. This very
debate has not been lost. The merits and
demerits of his bill have been before the Sen-
ate, and the debate will not have been lost
when he shall introduce his bill as au inde-
pendent measure, or call it up at any time, for
there it is on the Calendar. What reason,
then, can be given for urging it as an amend-
ment now? Why not take it up by itself?
If there is a majority to pass it that majority
can take it up any day, make it a special order
any da)', and continue its discussion until it is
disposed of. But no, sir; nothing will do
but that it must be stuck on this bill; that is
the only place for it, in order that, as 1 said
before, we may have a high sounding title to
the bill—a bill of grace for the graceless, and
of justice to the unfortunate 1
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is 011 the moiiou of the Senator from South
Carolina, to postpone the present and al prior
orders for the purpose indicated by him, upon
which the yeas and nays were demanded by
the Senator from Illinois.
The yeas and najs were ordered.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I do not know
that I exactly understand the tactics of this
movement. The other day, when that second
bill came over from the House of Represent-
atives, I suspected that this attempt would be
made. I do not. know much about that second
bill; the honorable Senatorfrom Ohio who has
just taken hisseatknowsallabout.it; but what
1 want to ask him and ask t.he Senate and ask
the country is, how a rule of action is to be
established in this body? I recollect distinctly
that an appeal was taken from the decision of
the Chair on the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts, and this body deliberately
voted that the appeal was not well taken, and
thereby made a rule which 13 to govern the case
under consideration. I do not understand the
kindof slight-of-hand by which the House sends
over to us a new bill to order when an amend-
ment is put on here they do not like. Wise
men have been here in my heaiing for a fort-
night discussing the great question of this
amendment, and every authority from A to Z
has been exhausted upon it. The honorable
Senator from Ohio has given us his argument,
and almost all Senators here who are given to
talking have discussed this great question and
the propriety of this amendment.
Sir, is this mere play? Are we thus to be
trifled with ? Is slipping a bill from the bot-
tom of another package to stultify the entire
argument 011 both sides ? I have never seen
my friend from Illinois, who is always so elo-
quent, more eloquent than he was upon this
great measure of grace and opposed to this
amendment. I supposed he was in earnest.
I meant to say a single word before I voted
on this bill to convince him that I thought he
was in earnest. I vote for this aoiendmenfto
relieve not thousands, nor hundreds, but mil-
lions, who are not charged with any offense or
crime, but whose loyalty and devotion to this
country stand in glaring contrast to those who
ask for relief by the bill itself.
Sir, I have never been a very strong advo-
cate for amnesty. I want that understood. I
regard the sin that those men committed as a
sin against the political spirit, for which there
is no torgivenesson earth. They ought to know
it; and when men stand here and demand for
their constituents, whose hands are already red
with blood, the forgiveness of this nation and
the authority to exercise political power, we
ask this amendment that five millions of peo-
ple who are discarded now from your pub-
lic conveyances shall be admitted. My hon-
orable friend from Ohio sees the unconstitu-
tionality of that as quick as can be; but there
is no question of constitutionality about the
other proposition!
Sir, there is a question in ray constitution
about it. . [Laughter.] I have seen the very
atmosphere rent over and thrown into commo-
tion like the power of the earthquake by this
rebellion; I have seen too many habiliments
of mourning; I know who caused all this, and
I am not for granting them extra favors, ilere
they stand at the door knocking for admission
