2286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
such other punishment as such court may
direct.
Mr. MORTON. I suggest to the chairman
of the committee an amendment, to insert the
word "written" before "consent."
Mr. WILSON. 1 accept the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The amendment was ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
NATIONAL CEMETERIES
Mr. WILSON. I move now to take up
Senate bill No. 446.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 446) to amend an
act entitled " An act to establish and to pro-
tect national cemeteries," approved February
22, 1867. Itauthoiizes the Secreiary of War
to select the superintendents of the national
cemeteries from meritorious and trustworthy
soldiers, either commissioned officers or en-
listed men of the volunteer or regular Army,
who may have been disabled for active field
service in the line of duty. The superintend-
ents are to receive for their compensation from
seventy-five to one hundred dollars per month,
according to the extent and importance of
the cemeteries to which they may be respect-
ively assigned, to be determined by the Sec-
retary of War; and they are also to be fur-
nished with quarters and fuel, as now provided
a1> the several cemeteries.
An amendment was reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, in section one, line
six, to insert after the word "Army" the
words "who have been honorably mustered
out or discharged from the service of the
United States, and."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
FORT COLMNS ItKSISRVATIOM.
■ Mr. WILSON. I move to take up House
bill No. 177U declaring the lands constituting
the Fort Collins military reservation, in the
Territory of Colorado, subject to preemption
and homestead entry as provided lor in exist-
ing laws.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill, wluoh declares that the lands
constituting the Fort Collins military reserva-
tion, m the Territory of Colorado, so far as
the same have not been lawfully disposed of
since their reservation, are hereby restored to
the United States and made subject to pre-
emption and homestead entry, as now provided
for by law.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. P0MBI10Y. I inquire whether those
lands are not valuable lands, and whether, by
restoring them-to the public laud system, they
may not go directly to some grant which has
been made which covers that section of coun-
try? I do not know the fact, but I have lound
out that out of all our grants we except mili-
tary reservations and Indian reservations, but
the moment you restore those reservations to
the public lands, the grants take effect; the
lands do not go to settlers, but, go to the rail-
roads they are granted to. I do not Know
whether this is one of those cases or not; but
it is liable to be.
Mr. WILSON. The bill provides that those
lands which have not been lawfully disposed
of since they were reserved are hereby restored
to the public lands.
_ Mr. POMEROY. They could not be law-
fully disposed of while they were in a reserva-
tion. Now, you extinguish the reservation,
and then they will be disposed of under the
existing laws, and if there is a law granting
them to some railroad company, the railroad
will get them in preference to the settler.
Mr. WILSON. They are only subject to
preemption and homestead entry by the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. If you put in the word
"only" after "homestead entry," so as to
read "subject to preemption and homestead
entry only."
Mr. WILSON. I do not object to that
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read the third time, and passed.
DANIEL ORNER.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up next
House bill No. 1238.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1238) to remove
the charge of desertion against Daniel Orner,
late private in company H, ninety-first regi-
ment Pennsylvania volunteers. The pream-
ble recites that Daniel Orner, late a private in
company H, ninety-first regiment of Pennsyl-
vania volunteers, stands charged on the records
of the Adjutant General's office with desertion ;
that he was on duty with his regiment until
after the surrender of Lee, in April, 1865, and
left his regiment because of severe illness, and
because he shared in the general belief that
the war had ihen closed, and was absent from
his regiment but eight, hours, and afterward
died from the effecis of the disease contracted
in the line of his duty. The bill therefore
authorizes and directs the Adjutant General to
remove the charge of desertion against Daniel
Orner, late private in company H, ninety-first
regiment of Pennsylvania volunteers.
The bill was reported to the-Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ISAAC B. KINKEAD.
Mr. WILSON. I move next to take up
House bill No. 1670.
The motion was agreed to; .and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1670) for the
relief of Isaac B. Kinkead. It directs the
Paymaster General of the Army to pay to Isaac
B. Kinkead, late a captain in the seventy-
soventh regiment Ohio volunteers, out of any
money appropriated for the pay of the Army,
the full pay and allowances of a captain of
infantry, fiom the 31st day of October, 1862,
to the 18th day of April, 1863.
The bill was reported to the Senate-without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
JIKSSAOE FROM TII14 HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed ihe following bills
and joint resolution ; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 309) authorizing the
Secretary of the 'Treasury to refund certain
moneys to James 0. P. Burnside;
A bill (H. R. No. 546) for the relief of
Charles F. Tracy ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1022) for the relief of
aged and infirm preemption settlers ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1274) for the relief of
Thomas F. Spencer, of Indiana;
A bill (H. R. No. 1496) to carry out certain
provisions of the Cherokee treaty of 1866, and
for the relief of settlers on the Cherokee lands
in the State of Kansas;
A bill (II. R. No. 2246) for the relief of
James T. Johnston, of Alexandria, Virginia ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2247) giving the approval
and sanction of Congress to the termini and
route of the Anacostia and Potomac River rail-
road, and to regulate its construction and
operation ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 131) relating
to the commissioners of claims appointed
under act of Congress approved March 3,
1871;
A bill (H. R. No. 991) providing for the
relief of certain invalid pensioners;
A bill (H. R. No. 1564) for the relief of
William F. Barker, postmaster at Northville,
Fulton county, ISew York;
A bill (H. R. No. 2044) to authorize the
appointment of shipping commissioners by the
several circuit courts of the United States to
superintend the shipping and discharge of sea-
men engaged in merchant ships belonging to
the United States and for the further protec-
tion of seamen;
A bill (H. R.- No. 2253) for the relief of
Cathron & Maguire, bankers and brokers of
the city of Rome, Georgia;
A bill (H. R. No. 2255) for the relief of W.
H. Kirk ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2256) authorizing the
Postmaster General to issue one-cent corre-
spondence or post cards for transmission in
the United States mails.
JOIIN O. SMITH.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up House
bill No. 1303.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1303; to amend
the first section of an act entitled " An act to
provide for the disposition of useless military
reservations," approved February 24, 1871.
It proposes to amend the first section of the
act of February 24, 1871, by adding thereto
the following proviso:
And provided further, That upon payment of the
appraised value by John C. Smith, or his heirs, a
patent shall be issued to said Smith, or his heirs, lor
so much of the military hay reserve of Fort Walla-
Wiilla, Washington Territory, as is embraced in the
north halt of section twenty-sis. township No. 8
north, of range No. 35 east of the Willamette meri-
dian, so soon after such payment as the said Smith
shall prove to the satisfaction of the register and the
receiver of the proper land office that he w.is m the
lawful possession of said land under the preemption
laws of the United States at the time said land was
taken by the military authorities for a hay reserve
as aforesaid.
Mr. POMEROY. I apprehend there can
be but one objection to that bill. That
gives him a half section-instead of a quarter
section. We generally give preemptors a
quarter section. This bill gives a half section.
I have no objection to it, however.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
LAWRENCE FORTIFICATION CERTIFICATES.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate
biU No. 807.
The motion whs agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 807) authorizing the Secretary of War to
pay certain certificates issued for fortification
purposes in Lawrence, Kansas, was read the
second time and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It directs the Secretary of
War to cause to be paid certain certificates or
vouchers issued pursuant to military author-
ity, at Lawrence, Kansas, in the year 1864,
for services performed m the erection of
fortifications at that point, as recommended
by General James A. Hardie, Inspector
Geneial of the United States Army, of his
investigation into the claims of citizens of
Kansas, reporied to the War Department, and
that the amount thereof be paid out of any
funds under the control of the War Depart-
ment. The certificates are to be paid upon
presentation to the Secretary of War, or such
disbursing officer as he shall appoint for that
purpose ; and the payments are not to exceed
in the aggregate the sum of §3,000.
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, rf ad the third time, and passed.
JAMES MURPHY.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 228.
