1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4079
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It does seem
to me that one provision of this amendment
is eminently just. 1 believe it is quite a well
established principle of law that if you repeal
a peual statute, the penalty falls with it if it
has not been collected or onforeed. That part
of the amendment which provides for refund-
ing I cannot be in favor of; but that part of
the amendment which says that penalties—for
it is a penalty—which have not been collected
shall be remitted, ia certainly in accordance
with the ordinary practice, and ought to pre-
vail. Here we repeal a certain provision of
law. The provision is that there shall be a
per diem tax whether the distillery is in oper-
ation or not. This provides that where they
are unavoidably unoccupied, not worked, that
shall not be insisted upon. We have not col-
lected some of it ; and inasmuch as we have
repealed the old law we ought not to insist
upon the penalty.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The same thing
had suggested itself to my mind, but my atten-
tion not having been called to it I sent to see
what the old provision was, and it seems to
me that it is entirely on the line of the law
itself so far as the penalty is concerned.
Striking out the question of repayment; I do
not see any objection to this amendment, and
I do not see why it is not eminently just.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Let the Senator
from Indiana modify it in that way.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope it will
be so modilied.
Mr. MORTON. I will then strike out that
part which provides for the refunding, and
confine it to the collection of assessments that
have not yet been paid, but which have ac-
crued on account of unavoidable accident.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendment as modified.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment, as
modified, reads:
Provided further, That no deficiency or per diem
tax heretofore assessed during an involuntary sus-
pension occasioned by unavoidable accident shall
be collected.
Mr. BOREMAN. It seems to me that
would be difficult of execution. Who is to
decide that question ? Who is to prescribe
regulations in regard to it? Is it to be the
Commissioner here in Washington, oris it to
be the assessor in the country, or a deputy
assessor, or who? No tribunal is fixed by
which the question is to be decided; no rules
or regulations are prescribed.
Mr. MORTON. That would apply to the
existing law.
Mr. SHERMAN. This section twenty-two
that, is referred to here levies a per diem tax.
It has been paid in a great majority of cases.
It is one of the regular taxes assessed upon
distillers. Some distillers have refused obsti-
nately to pay it,, and have closed their distill-
eries without giving the notice required by law,
without giving notice to the assessor to come
and examine under the provisions of the law.
Now, to keep the money that has been assessed
and collected from those who have honestly
tried to comply with the law, and remit to those
who have violated the law, would be an act
of injustice. We have repealed the tax in the
future, and we provide in one of the closing
sections of this bill that all penalties and for-
feitures and taxes that have not been paid and
which are still due shall be collected ; and if
you remit these that are due, you give a pre-
mium for the violation of the law.
It seems to me a question of this kind ought
to be presented in time and referred to a com-
mittee. This may involve large sums of
money, and I think the Senate ought not, at
twelve o'clock at night, to adopt a provision
of this kind.
Mr. MORTON. The amendment proposed
is eminently just, and its justice cannot be dis-
puted for a single moment.. It. does not require
a refunding of taxes already collected, but
that those assessed where the distillery was
suspended by reason of unavoidable accident
Shall not be collected. The law provides that
in future that tax shall not be collected. I
simply propose to made it retroactive so far as
that which has not yet been collected is con-
cerned. The Senator says this bill is free from
anything of that kind. He forgets right here
section twenty-seven, an express provision,
one that he reported himself, '"that all internal
taxes now assessed or liable to be assessed
against, hut not collected from ship-builders
as manufacturers under section four of the act
of March 31, 1868, <fcc., be, and the same are
hereby remitted." There he set the example.
Mr. SHERMAN. The reason of that is
that some of the courts had held that in that
case the tax was illegally collected. There
the question was whether a ship builder was a
manufacturer within the meaning of the law,
and the courts in some cases held that, build-
ing ships was not a manufacturing business,
whereas^ the Commissioner had always held
that ship building was like any other manu-
facturing trade. Therefore, to avoid contro-
versy where there was a doubt, we repealed
the act authorizing the levying of the tax.
But in this case the tax was levied ; no man
can doubt that it was properly levied under
the plain languageofthe twenty-second section.
It is a per diem tax. A distiller is required
to give certain notice when he stops his dis-
tillery, so that the assessor may come and
attach the locks and proper fastenings, &c.,
and unless the notice is given it is utterly
impossible for the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue to decide in each individual case that
the law has been complied with. Perhaps
the distiller says he was detained by unavoid-
able accident; he had to go to attend court,
or something of that kind, or it was owing to
something beyond his power. That is a mas-
ter that is passed and gone. The assessor
judges and assesses for a certain number of
days under the law. The assessments have
been made. If you remit these taxes, having
collected the great body of them, you would
be doing injustice to those who have faithfully
complied with the law.
Let the Senator introduce this as a separate
proposition for relief, send it to the Finance
Committee, stating the amount, the num-
ber, and nature of these claims, and I have
no doubt the proper examination will be
made. What I object to is loading this bill
down with matters regarding the past, of
which we have had no inquiry, not even a
reference to a committee.
Mr. MORTON. In one word, section twenty-
seven provides for the remission of taxes that
have been assessed and that are due, and it
embraces the very principle involved in this
amendment. I happen toknowofa case, one
brought to my attention, where the machinery
of a distillery was broken down by unavoid-
able accident, its operation was suspended for
weeks and even for months; and yetaper diem
tax has been assessed and the property is held
responsible for it. That is a case of manifest
injustice, and every such case would be unjust
where the suspension took place from an un-
avoidable accident. There is no difficulty
about the proof. Some officer must determine
as a matter of course, as he must determine
about everything else in this law, and it pro-
vides in a hundred ways for officers judging
and determining upon proof and proper rep-
resentations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the Senator has spoken five minutes, though
at different times, on this amendment.
Mr. WRIGHT. I wish to suggest a diffi-
culty that occurs to my mind in connection
with this amendment. I am not certain that
there is any force in it; but it occurs tome
as an objection that always applies to amend-
ments that come in this form. I understand
that the purport of this amendment is to remit
really a penalty that is incurred under the law,
and perhaps in cases where prosecutions have
already been commenced. This is an amend-
ment offered to section twenty-two of the
existing law. Near the close of this bill there
is a sweeping provision:
And this act shall not be construed to affect any
act done, right accrued, or penalty incurred under
former acts, but every such right is hereby saved;
and all suits and prosecutions for acts already done
in violation of any former act or acts of Congress
relating to the subjects embraced in this act may b©
commenced or proceeded with in like manner as if
this act had not been passed.
Now, at least there is a clear and manifest
conflict between this amendment and this pro-
vision of the law, and I suggest this as a rea-
son against amendments offered in this way
thus tending to confuse the law and leave it
in such a condition as to present difficulty to
the courts and also to the Departments in its
administration. I think it is always better that
such propositions shall come in independently
and not be thrown into the body of the law,
and especially where you have perfected the
statute in its several provisions and have this
concluding provision.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana.
Mr. MORTON. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THCJRMAN. It seems to me that the
difficulty arises from an imperfection in the
old law. The thirteenth section of the act
provided—
" That there shall be assessed and collected
monthly, from every authorized distiller whose dis-
tillery has an aggregate capacity for mashing and
fermenting twenty bushels of grain or less, or sixty
gallons of molasses or less, in twenty-four hours, a
tax of two dollars per day, Sundays excepted; and
a tax of two dollars per day for every twenty bush-
els of grain or sixty gallons of molasses of said
capacity in excess of twenty bushels of grain or
sixty gallons of molasses in twenty-four hours. But
any distiller who shall suspend work, as provided
by this aet, shall ray only two dollars per day dur-
ing the time the work shall be so suspended in his
distillery."
This act says a person shall pay two dol-
lars a day, whether at work or not, until he
stops business.
Mr. SHERMAN. He may give notice of
the time he stops business to the assessor.
Mr. THURJIAN. That does not stop the
two dollars a day. There is a tax of two dol-
lars a day, Sundays excepted, and in addition
to that a tax of two dollars a day for every
twenty bushels of grain or sixty gallons of
molasses, and so on.
"But any distiller who shall suspend work, as
provided by this act, shall pay only two dollars per
day during the time the work shall be so suspended
in his distillery."
If he suspend work he is to pay two dollars
a day during the time of the suspension, but
he shall not pay for the extra amount of
molasses or grain that he shall manufacture
into whisky. Then comes section twenty-two,
which provides for suspension :
" That every distiller, at the hour of twelve merid-
ian, on the third day after that on which his bornl
shall have been approved by the assessor, shall bo
deemed to have commenced and thereafter to bo
continuously engaged in the production ot distilled
spirits in his distillery, except in the intervals when
he shall have suspended work, aa hereinafter au-
thorized or provided. Any distiller desiring to sus-
pend work in his distillery may give notice in
writing to the assistant, assessor of his division,
stating when he will suspend work; and on the day
mentioned in said notice saidassistantassessorshall,
at the expense of the distiller, proceed to fasten
securely the door of every furnace of every still or
boiler in said distillery, by locks and otherwise, and
shall adopt such otiier means as the Commissioner
of the Internal Revenue shall prescribe to prevent
the lighting of any fire in such furnaeo or under
such stills or boilers."
I need not read further. Then it provides
that he shall not recommence work, after hav-
ing given that notice, until he gives notice of
his intention to recommence distilling. The
case of an involuntary suspension of work does
not seem to have been provided for bv this act
at all, as, for instance, where an accident hap-
pens where the man had no intention of sus-
pending, but a mere involuntary accident; if
it is a distillery in which the machinery is pro-
