1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1391
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 1324) to create an addi-
tional land district in the State of Minnesota.
It proposes to authorize the President of the
United States to establish an additional land
district in the State of Minnesota, embracing all
that part of the present Alexandria land district
which lies north of township number one hun-
dred and thirty-six north, and west of range
number thirty-five west of the fifth principal
meridian, and to fix, from time to time, the
boundaries thereof, which district is to be
named after the place at which the office shall
first be established; and the President is to
have power to fix, from time to time, the loca-
tion of the office for such district. The Presi-
dent is also authorized to appoint, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, a regis-
ter and receiver for the land district, who are
to be required to reside at the site of the land
office, and who are to be subject to the same
laws and responsibilities, and whose compen-
sation, respectively, is to be the same as that
now allowed by law to other land officers in
said State.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a tbird reading, read
the third time, and
.public building at cincinnati.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senate to take
up and act upon House bill No. 1540, reported
from the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 1540) to authorize
the purchase of a site for a public building at
Cincinnati, Ohio. It, directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to purchase a central and suit-
able site in the city of Cincinnati, Ohio, for
the erection of a building for the accommo-
dation of the United States courts, custom-
house, United States depository, post office,
internal revenue and pension offices, at a cost
not exceeding $300,000; but no money which
may hereafter be appropriated for this pur-
pose is to be used or expended in the purchase
of the site until a valid title thereto shall be
vested in the United States, and until the
State of Ohio shall cede its jurisdiction over
the same, and shall duly release and relinquish
to the United States the right to tax or in any
way assess the site and the property of the
United States that may be thereon during the
time that the United States shall be or remain
the owner thereof.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
trade marks.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
call up Senate bill No. 583. It will take but
a moment to pass it.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 583) to amend an act entitled
"An act to revise, consolidate, and amend
the statutes relating to patents and copyrights,''
approved July 8, 1870.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This bill
merely restores the law as it was previous to the
passage of the revised code. In the process
of revision the word " citizen " of the United
States was dropped out, and the word "per-
son" inserted in lieu thereof. If our patent
laws are to be of any service, of course they
should be confined to citizens of the United
States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
atchison, topeka, and santa fe railroad.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
676. It was up the other morning and laid
aside at the request of the Senator from Ohio,
not now in his seat, [Mr. Thtjrman,] but I
have amended the bill at his suggestion, and
shall move exactly the amendments that he
has suggested.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (S. No. 676) to extend
the time for the completion of the Atchison,
Topeka, and Santa F6 railroad.
Mr. POMEROY. The amendment sug-
gested by the. Senator from Ohio was in the
third line to strike out the words " provisions
of," and to insert the words "time for the
completion of the Atchison, Topeka, and
Santa F6 railroad as prescribed by;" so that
the clause will read :
That the time for tho completion of the Atohi-
son, Topeka, and Santa Fe railroad, as presoribed
by an actentitled "An aetfor agrantoflands to the
State of Kansas," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. In the seventh line I move
to strike out the word "are" and insert "is."
That is merely verbal.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made.
Mr. POMEROY. In lines seven, eight, and
nine I move to strike out the words "so far
as the same are applicable to the Atchison,
Topeka, and Santa F6 railroad," and to in-
sert "to March 3, 1877." That merely cor-
rects the phraseology.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. This extension is for a
long period of time. Has the grant lapsed
now?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir, but it will within
a year. They have asked for more time, and
the last proviso requires them to build one
hundred and sixty-five miles this year. If
they do that, they are to have until 1877 for
tho balance.
Mr. CONKLING. Is this the same bill
that was discussed the other morning?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir, the same bill
precisely. If they build one hundred and sixty-
five miles this year, then the time is extended
to 1877.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I would
much rather that this bill should go over until
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Thurman,] who
made the objection to it the other day is in
his seat. He said then that he wished to offer
some amendments to it. I prefer that it should
not be acted upon finally until he is in his seat.
Mr. POMEROY. I am moving these amend-
ments to meet the views of the Senator from
Ohio. They are his amendments precisely.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I still pre-
fer that the bill should not be acted upon until
the Senator from Ohio is here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from West Virginia moves that the further
consideration of the bill be postponed until
to-morrow.
Mr. POMEROY. Let us complete the
amendments at any rate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from West Virginia withdraw the
motion for that purpose?
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I prefer
that the bill should not be acted upon until
the Senator from Ohio is present. I have no
objection to the amendments, but I do not
want the bill disposed of in his absence.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator withdraw his objection to having the
amendments considered?
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Yes, sir.
Mr. POMEROY. Then, as a further amend-
ment, I move to strike out the first proviso.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Do I under-
stand aright, that the amendments are subject
to revision again in the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICE& The bill is
now in the Committee of the Whole, and the
amendments can be acted upon again in the
Senate.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia, My desire
is that the bill shall still be open to amend-
ment by the Senator from Ohio.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be.
The question now is on the amendment of the
Senator from Kansas, to strikeout the follow-
ing proviso :
Provided, That the said railroad shall be com-
pleted from the Missouri river to tho west line of
theState of Kansas on orbeforethe3iday of March.
A. D. 1877.
Mr. POMEROY. That is stricken out be-
cause we fix the time in the previous part of
the bill. *
The amendment was agreed to. -
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask
the Senator from Kansas whether the amend-
ment proposed by me when the bill was up on
a former occasion has been adopted?
Mr. POMEROY. I think it was adopted.
It is with the Chair for adoption, at any rate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I should like >
to have it passed upon.
Mr. POMEROY. There is no objection to
it. I thought it was concurred in the other day
when it was offered, but I am not certain about
that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was not
acted upon.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There is no
objection, to it I believe.
Mr. POMEROY. There is one word in it
to which I am instructed to move an amend-
ment. I move to strike out the word " com-
pleted," and to insert "constructed subse-
quent to;" simply to allow them to acquire
their rights as fast as they build rather than
to wait until the whole line is built. Now, I
have no objection to the bill going over, if the
Senator from West Virginia insists upon it,
until the Senator from Ohio is in the Chamber.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let that
amendment he adopted first.
Mr. POMEROY. I desired to call this bill
up simply from the fact that the bill requires
the company to complete one hundred and
sixty-five miles this year, and any delay in the
passage of the bill will be fatal to the company.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont has been
reported heretofore. The question is on its
adoption.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from West Virginia now moves that the bill be
postponed until to-morrow and be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, of W'est Virginia. That the
bill be postponed—not until to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
ordinary term.
The motion was agreed to.
sam of lands by texas to united states.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I ask unani-
mous consent to take up Bouse bill No. 1761,
extending the time for the completion of the
Portage lake and Lake Superior ship-canal.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I desire to offer a res-
olution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is in
the nature of an objection.
Mr. FLANAGAN submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resoloed, That the Secretary of the Interior be
requested to furnish the Senate with copies of
two letters written by Hon. L. D. Evans, in 1867 and
1868, upon the subject of the sale of lands by the
State of Texas to the United States, known as tlie
Pan-Handle.
indian reservations in texas.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I wish to give notice
that on Thurday next after the morning hour
I shall seek to call up the bill (S. No. 564)
providing for the cession by the State of Texas
of certain territory of that State to the United
States for Indian reservations, and other pur-
poses, with a view of submitting some remarks
upon it. I have not been troublesome to the
Senate, and I hope they will grant me that
favor.
