1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3183
to a bill which could only be passed by a two-
thirds vote, and that you could not add any-
thing that could be passed by a majority vote.
Otherwise, yon may amend a bill by a majority
vote in such a way that two thirds would not
then vote for it. We have had an example of
that on this very amendment offered by the
Senator from Massachusetts to a similar bill.
It was very evident—I assume now what
perhaps I have no right to assume, though I
think every Senator will agree with me—that
but for the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, which was offered to an am-
nesty bill pending in this body some months
a o, if the Senate could have been brought to
a direct vote on the amnesty bill, it would
have been passed by a two-thirds vote ; three
fourths a Senator says; and yet it was defeated
because a majority succeeded in putting upon
it an amendment that would not command a
two-thirds vote of the Senate.
There is an illustration of how this rule
works. The point to my mind is not the one
upon which the Chair has passed, as to the
relevaucy or irrelevancy of the amendment
proposed, but as to the fact as to whelher that
amendment can be passed by a different vote
from the main bill. Is it not absurd, if I
may use so strong a term, to put two things
together which can be passed by different
votes? Does it not strike every one, at the
first blush, that a measure which requires a
different vote from another measure should
not be mingled with that other measure ?
Mr. SCOTT. I would like to suggest to
the Senator from Illinois, (for I desire to get
at his views upon it,) for his consideration,
whether the present proposition does not alter
the nature of the question we formerly had
before us, in that it proposes to substitute a
measure which will leave nothing of the
oiiginal measure requiring a two-thirds vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That may bring up
another question. That is not exactly the
question I was discussing. The Senator
from Pennsylvania is asking the question
now whether you cannot substitute for this
a bill that can be passed by a majority vote.
Mr. SAWYER and Mr. SUMNER. That
is the pending motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is another sug-
gestion, not by way of amendment, but by way
of substitute, as it were, whether you may not
by a majority vote lay aside this bill and take
up some other. 1 have no doubt you may do
that; but I question very much whether you
can strike out a portion of this bill, which can
only be passed by a two-thirds vote, for you
have to do that to adopt the Senator's amend-
ment, by anything less than a two-thirds vote.
The Senator will see that it is coming right
around to the same point.
Mr. SCOTT. I asked the question for the
purpose of getting the views of the Senator
from Illinois, with whose opinion I think I
am in accord on this question as to that very
point. The pending proposition is to substi-
tute another bill for the pending bill, and if it
were to prevail, there would be nothing left of
the measure which requires a two-thirds vote.
Then if we were to do that, and the Senator
from Illinois, or any other Senator, were to
propose to add the amnesty bill, we should be
back again to the question which lie is dis-
cussing. But the point which strikes me is
whether it does not totally change the nature
of the question which we had before us upon
the pendency of the bill before, when the meas-
ure is to substitute a bill which can be passed
by a majority, and the substitution of which
leaves nothing that requires a two-thirds vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from
Pennsylvania does not quite understand me,
I think. Perhaps my answer is not satisfac-
tory to him; but I am sure he did not com-
prehend the idea which I had in my mind.
This amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts proposes to strike out the whole of
the pending bill. Suppose he were to move to
strike it all out without offering any substitute
at all, and that we had a division of the ques-
tion, first on striking out, and then on adding
a substitute, it being an amendment to strike
out the bill just as much as it would be an
amendment to add to the bill, I insist that a
majority vote cannot strike out the bill. Does
the Senator get my idea? It must take a two-
thirds vote to amend the bill by striking out a
part of it or by striking it all out, just as it
would to add to it; and when you come to
the final passage of the bill it can only be
passed by a two-thirds vote. If there is any-
thing in the suggestion that the bill cannot be
amended except, by a two-thirds vote, it does
not alter it, because this amendment proposes
to strike the whole of it out.
I took the appeal with a view of presenting
the point which it seemed to me was the real
one in controversy here, not that I have any
feeling one way or the other about the decis-
ion, or any other desire than to have the ques-
tion decided correctly.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am individually glad that
the Senator from Massachusetts has presented
his amendment to this bill in the precise form
in which he has done it. I think it obviates,
I know indeed it obviates to my mind, what
was a parliamentary objection in the bill which
was before the Senate some time since. The
Senate then decided that it was in order to
amend a bill by adding to one which it required
a two-thirds vote to enact a provision which
bimply required a majority vote. I did not
believe the amendment then in order, and I
think upon an appeal taken I so voted. 'I hat
is my judgment now. I do not care what may
be the authorities, nor do I care what may
have been the action of this body. I know
the parliamentary law very well that we may
amend a bill and make it as obnoxious as pos-
sible to its friends by matters thatare improper
and not germane, and put the bill into a posi-
tion which will prevent its original friends
from voting for it. That is parliamentary law;
that is parliamentary practice ; but I thought
then, and I think now, that in that practice
the body should confine itself to classes of
legislation that were alike and distinct, each
by itself, and that it was not competent for the
body to put upon a bill requiring a two-thirds
vote that which would require only a majority
vote to pass it.
That was my idea, and that being my idea
now, I am glad that the honorable Senator
has seen fit to offer his amendment as a
substitute for the bill. I think that presents
the simple question to us only whether we will
strike out all of the bill that is now before the
Senate and change its form into another sub-
stance—change the question from one charac-
ter to another; and upon that point I can have
no doubt. It is proper, and if t.he Senate shall
see fit to adopt the amendment by a majority
vote, it is perfectly competent to do so. It is
simply equivalent to changing one question
now before the Senate and bringing another
question different in its character, and requir-
ing a different number of Senators to enact it
before the body. I think that is all there is in
it, and it removes it, in my judgment, from any
technical parliamentary objection which the
other phrase of it presented; and in that view,
being in favor of the amendment, I shall vote
to sustain the Chair in its ruling, and then vote
for the amendment when we shall reach that
point.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
Shall the decision of the Chair stand a3 the
judgment of the Senate? The Chair has made
the decision upon the two lines on the two hun-
dred and fifty-fifth page of Jefferson's Manual:
"A new bill may be ingrafted by way of amend-
merit on the words ' Be it enacted,'" <fec.
The question being put, it was declared that
the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to have the
yeas and nays on this question.
Seveial Sbxatoks. No! No !
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Nevada insist on that demand ?
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir, I should like to
have them.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to make a single
remark. If it is Dot the rule or the precedent
now, could we not make a rule that when
there is a question before the Senate requir-
ing a two-thirds vote, matters requiring but
a majority vote shall not be mingled with
that? If we could keep them distinct for con-
venience it would be better.
Mr. CARPENTER. My friend will allow
me to make one suggestion to him. There is
no possible trouble or difficulty about such a
case. If two thirds of the Senate want to pass
the amnesty bill, and want to pass it without
any amendment, you certainly cannot get a
majority at the same time to amend it. When
you are considering a bill which requires two
thirds to pass it, if your bill has got any chance
any way you have got a Senate which controls
the whole subject.
Mr. STEWART. That will apply to every
bill. Of course they may exclude any amend-
ment or make anything irrelevant, because
of course no amendment can be made at any
time without a majority. It always requires a
majority to accomplish that purpose. But it
seems to me there ought to be a plain rule that
matters requiring a majority vote should not
be commingled in the same bill with proposi-
tions requiring a two-thirds vote. 1 want to
vote for such a rule.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to remind my
friend from Nevada, because I will not. occupy
the time of the Senate, that the question is not
what the rule ought to be. The Chair is bound
by his duty to declare what the law of this body
is as it stands ; and the question is whether he
has decided rightly upon that. That is all the
question now. We might, perhaps, a majority
of us, agree with my friend from Nevada, that
the law is wrong, and that we ought to rectify
it, by legislation, so to speak, tbatis, by a posi-
tive enactment; but we are now bound to pro-
nounce judgment on the appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair as to whether he has decided
the parliamentary law as it is now.
Mr. STEWART. We are a body who are
capable of making precedents, and of course if
that be the case we shall pay proper respect to
all precedents that we consider should have
weight; but when we find one so palpably out
of the way as this is, I think it the duty of the
body to overrule that precedent, just the same
as it is the duty of a court to overrule a decision
which is palpably wrong. It seems to me that
this is palpably wrong.
Mr. EDMUNDS. A court never under-
takes to overrule its decision when it has to
confess in the same breath that that decision is
according to law. The only decision that a
court overrules is a decision which it finds to
be contrary to the course of law. Now, then,
my friend from Nevada asks us to overrule
the course of law from the very foundation
of parliamentary proceedings, as has been
stated by my friend from Maine, and by the
Chair. Tbat is asking too much. I might be
quite willing, and I rather think I should be,
to unite with my friend to make a change in
the rule which shall insert a positive statute in
place of common law, and have it different.
Mr. STEWART. Is there any case where
amendments have been allowed that required
a different vote; where that precise question
come up and was decided ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think the Senator
could be shown hundreds of them if he could
go through the various States where more
than a majority in various cases is required
for the passage of bills. I have them not at
my hand, but you can find hundreds of s ch
cases, no doubt, if you choose to apply for
them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Sen-
ator from Nevada allow the Chair to read a
