496
3ME CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
Bat I know very well, Mr. President, that
with some gentlemen anything like a constitu-
tional argument is only a subject of ridicule.
They do not regard the Constitution of this
country as anything but a subject of ridicule.
They have no love for it, no reverence for it;
I will not say they have no respect for it; I
will not say that they never do obey it in any-
thing; but wherever it stands in their way it
falls before them as a matter of no earthly con-
sequence, of no earthly consideration. And
therefore it is very easy for them to get up and
say, " We are tired of hearing of the Constitu-
tion." I have no doubt there are some Sena-
tors who are tired of hearing of the Constitu-
tion, and who will continue to be tired of it
just so long as there is any Constitution to
talk about. I for one am not tired of it. I
for one believe that a constitution is essential
to the existence of free government. There
has not been one day for the last two hundred
years in America that the people did not have
a written constitution. Why, sir, before the
Union existed, in the old Colonies there were
what were equivalent or tantamount to writ-
ten constitutions. The idea of a written con-
stitution, one which shall place limitations upon
the powers of the government, is an idea as
old as the settlement of America. The old
royal charters were in tue nature of constitu-
tions, and placed limits upon the powers of
government.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not as against the rights
of the people, but quite the reverse.
Mr. THURMAN. They placed limitations,
I said, upon the power of the Government.
They were in the nature of constitutions which
had to be observed. But the settlers were
hardly warm in their seats on the James river
in 1620 and odd when they solemnly declared
in the Legislature of thatinf'ant Commonwealth
that they bad a right to make law3 and to
frame a constitution for theirgovernment, and
they did it; and from the time the first perma-
nent settlement was made by the Anglo-Saxon
race on this continent down to this day the
people of the United States hare thought that
a written Constitution which placed limitations
upon the powers of government was essential
to the existence of liberty and to the safety
of the people. But in these latter days it has
got to be the vogue to laugh at constitutions
and ridicule constitutions, and to attempt to
heap ridicule upon any one who maintains
that a constitution deserves to be obeyed.
Well, sir, I, for one, am not to bedeterred by
any such ridicule, and when my mind is clearly
made up that a measure is unconstitutional I
shall not cease to oppose it, no matter how
popular that measure may be, and no matter
how much denunciation or ridicule my oppo-
sition may subject me to.
Now, sir, not for the benefit of my friend
from Nevada at all, for I despair of liim, but
for the benefit of some others who are not
impervious to a constitutional argument,
allow me. even at this late hour, to call the
attention of the Senate to some of the fea-
tures of this bill of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, and some reasons why it is uncon-
stitutional.
Under what clause of the Constitution, pray,
is this bill of the Senator from Massachusetts
brought forward? Of course under the four-
teenth amendment. I do not suppose it is under
the Declaration of Independence, although
that, it seems, is above the Constitution in ttie
minds of some. It is not under e pluribus
unum. 1 think you, Mr. President, (ilr. Car-
penter in the chair,) exploded that once. It
is not, then, under c pluribus unum, or under
the Declaration of Independence, but itis under
the fourteenth article of amendments to the
Constitution.
Now, what is it that this bill assumes to reg-
ulate? The privileges of American citizens.
That is the thing. It is the privileges of
American citizens. What are these privileges?
The privilege to go into all places that are
created or regulated by law, the privilege of
every citizen to go into such a place and to
enjoy whatever is there to be enjoyed. That
is the proposition. Whatever is created or reg-
ulated bylaw is a matter in which every citizen
has equal privileges. Therefore all citizens
have an equal privilege to go into a hotel and
abide there ; all have an equal privilege to go
into a theaterand to witness the performance,
to go into a church if it is an incorporated
church, and nearly all churches are, and to be
seated there; to be buried in any cemetery if
it belongs to an incorporated association, and
most of the cemeteries do ; and so on to the
end of the chapter. These are privileges, it is
said, that belong to the citizen of the United
States; that are guarantied to him by the
fourteenth amendment.
Now, I want Senators to bear in mind the
language of that amendment that I shall pres-
ently call their attention more particularly to.
The difference between privilege and protec-
tion is clearly recognized in this constitutional
amendment. It is privileges that we are deal-
ing with now ; it is not with protection. This
is a bill to secure to every one equal privileges,
not equal protection against injury or wrong
or outrage or violence. It is not to secure
either lite or liberty or property, because a
man's life does not depend on whether he can
go into a theater or not; his liberty does not
depend on whether he can go into a theater or
not; his property does not depend on whether
he can go into a theater or not.
Itis not life, or liberty, or property, then,
that we are called upon by this bill to protect.
It is not the protection of either of them, but
it is the privileges which it is said belong to a
cit'zen of the United States that this bill is
designed to protect and enforce. Now, what
says the constitutional amendment under which
alone you can claim any power to pass any
such bill ? It is as plain as the spectacles on
my nose:
"No State shall make or enforce any law which
shal 1 abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens
of the United States."
No State shall make the law or enforce the
law. Well, sir, the law must be made cither
by the Federal Government or by the State
government, or it is no law at all. It must be
cither a law recognized as the law of the State,
and therefore impliedly made by it, or ex-
pressly made by it through its legislative body,
or it must be a law of tho Federal Government;
otherwise, it is no law at all. Now, the Con-
stitution says that no State shall make or
enforce any law which shall abridge the priv-
ileges or immunities of the citizen.
What does this bill say ? This bill says to a
Louisianian, "Although your State has made
a law that negro men shall have equal privi-
leges in theaters, churches, and places of pub-
lic resort with the white men in your State ;
although you punish anyone who shall deprive
them of that privilege or immunity, or refuse
it to them ; although your State has made no
law to deprive them of any such privilege or
immunity; although your courts enforce no
law to deprive them of such privileges and im-
munities ; although just the contrary is the
truth ; although your State through its Legis-
lature, through its judiciary, throughits Exec-
utive, is enforcing the law to securepiivileges
and immunities to every man, irrespective of
color, race, condition, or previous servitude in
in ail the limits of Louisiana, yet we step in
and take from your State courts the jurisdic-
tion over this subject and take it ali into the
Federal courts, and punish men even to the for-
feiture of charter, even to the taking away of
their charters from churches, from cemetery
associations, from schools, from theaters, from
everything that belongs to the law there—
we will step in and take away all these char-
ters and punish with fine and imprisonment
these people who are already subject to the
law of Louisiana, and in respect to whose
negroes not one singls law has been passed
or enforced to deprive them of the privileges
or immunities that belong to them, or that
belong to all-other men."
Take the case of South Carolina. My friend
[Mr. Sawyer] has said this morning that
under the law of South Carolina a railroad
company can make no discrimination between
white and black passengers. I suppose it is
the same in hotels too, and the same in schools.
Now, what do you say? Has South Carolina
made or enforced any law that abridges any
citizen in his privileges or immunities? No",
sir; just the reverse is the truth. And yet the
Senator from Massachusetts proposes to go
down into South Carolina, take away these
cases from the jurisdiction of the State courts,
transfer them all into the Federal courts, for-
feit State charters, interfere with State rules,
interfere with the worship of religion in
churches, interfere with everything—in a word,
while the State itself has not deprived a single
citizen, white or black, of any privilege or
immunity that belong3 to him. And yet it is
said that this bill is constitutional under an
amendment to the Constitution which only
gives you authority to act where the State has
made or enforced a law that deprived a citizen
of his privileges or immunities, which gives
you no right to act unless the State has made
or enforced such a law as that! Under a Con-
stitution which says that until the Stato has
made or enforced such a law you the Con-
gress of the United States have no-power at
all, the Senator from Massachusetts wipes it
all away and says that he will go down there
with this bill of his, a supplementary civil
rights bill, and assume the whole protection
of all the privileges and immunities that belong
to every man in that State!
Well, sir, what more does the fourteenth
amendment say?
" Nor shall any State deprive any person of life,
liberty, or property without due process of law."
Of course that clause gives no sanction to
this bill. This bill cannot fall under that, for,
in the first place, no State has deprived any
person of life, liberty, or property wiihout due
process of law. But the privilege and immun-
nitv here spoken of are neither life, liberty, nor
property, as I have already stated. Then what
is the last clause?
"Nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction
tho equal protection of the laws."
That, taken in connection with the first
clause which relates to privileges and immun-
ities, shows that what is there meant by " the
equal protection of the laws" is that each per-
son shall be entitled to that protection which
the law affords for his life, liberty, and prop-
erty to the other citizens in the State; and that
is all of that.
With all the tautology of this amendment to
the Constitution you find what is very clear that
it speaks of "privileges and immunities" as
one thing; it speaks of "lite, liberty, and
property" in another sentence; and it speaks
of the "protection of the laws" as not a privi-
lege or immunity, but as another right that
belongs to a citizen. But this bill is only to
secure privileges and immunities, and in re-
spect to them the Constitution is plain that no
State shall make or enforce any law to deprive
any citizen of them, and it is equally clear that
you have no right to inteifere until the State
has made or enforced such a law.
I say, then, without going further into this
matter, although the subject is by no means
exhausted, that to my mind nothing is clearer
than that this bill is a plain usurpation of power
that does not belong to Congress at all, and if
so, no matter what may be the merits of the
general subject, that is a sufficient reason with
me for voting against it.
Mr. President, I want, before I close, to
notice^one remark of the Senator from Nevada
that did very great injustice to the absent Ssn-
ator from Mississippi, [Mr. Alcorx.] He
alluded to the remark made by tho Senator
from Mississippi, that if amnesty had not been
