3184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
precedent confirming the point made by the
Senator from Maine exactly?
Mr. STEWART. I should like to hear a
precedent of that, kind.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair only
desires to administer the rules as they stand.
Of course, if the Senate determine to amend
the rules, he will be very glad to administer
the rules as thus amended. Here is a propo-
sition familiar to all the members of the Sen-
ate. Prior to the war of the rebellion, in the
year 1860-61, an amendment to the Constitu-
tion was proposed as one of the means by
which it was supposed that perhaps the re-
bellion might be avoided. It came up in the
Senate. The Chair will read from the one
hundred and sixth page of the Journal for
1860-61, the second session of the Thirty-Sixth
Congress:
"The Sonato resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the joint resolution
(S. No. 54) proposing certain amendments to the
Constitution of tho Unitod States."
That required by the Constitution a two-
thirds vote. Mr. Clark, of New Hampshire,
moved to strike it all out, and to insert the
following resolutions of the Senate in its place:
"Resolved, That the provisions of the Constitution
are ample for the preservation of tho Union," &o.
Which was determined is the affirmative,
yeas 25, nays 2;i, the yeas and nays being here
recorded. The Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Thcmbuu,] voted in the affirmative to change
this constitutional amendment requiring a
two-thirds vote into a series of resolutions
requiring only a majority vote. After being
thus changed—
" On motion of Mr. Pueh,
" Ordered, That tho resolution lie upon the table."
Mr. TRUMBULL and Mr. STEWART.
Was the question of order raised there?
The ViOIi PRESIDENT. It does not
appear to have been, but it was a case involv-
ing great feeling at that time.
Mr. SUMNER. That is a historic case.
Mr. STEWART. 1 still claim that that
would not he authority unless tho point was
there raised and passed upon.
Mr. CONKLINU. I wish to say a single
word about this matter, and partly in defer-
ence to the Chair, whoso decision, it seems
to me, is discussed upon an entire misappre-
hension. The Chair decided here tho point
involved in the precedent last read; and I do
not wonder that no point, of order was made
upon that, because 1 humbly conceive there
is no serious point of order to be raised there
or here.
Now, what has the Chair decided? Not
that you may amend a proposition which re-
quires a two-thirds vote by something which
requires less than that, and have them go to-
gether. I have no doubt myself you can do
that, and 1 have no doubt the Presiding Offi-
cer of this body would so decide; but there is
no such question before the body now. What
is the proposition? The Senator from Massa-
chusetts rises and proposes to strike out of the
bill everything whatever, whether it requires a
two-thirds vote or a majority vote, or any
other vote, and to insert in heu of it an ordin-
ary legislative proposition. What does the
Chair decide ? That that is in order; in other
words, that, in the language of one of tho pre-
cedents that has not been read, you may not
only turn a bill upside down, but make it by
amendment mean precisely the contrary of
that which it meant when it was introduced.
Now, it happens, to be sure, as one of the
facts, (and I conceive it to be a mere accident
and incident, not a governing fact at all,) that
the matter which the Senator from Massachu-
setts proposes to strike out requires a two-
thirds vote, and it happens that that which he
proposes to insert could be consummated by a
majority vote. What of it? The governing
question is the other question, without respect
to that, whether it is in order to move to strike
out everything after the enacting clause of a
bill and insert something totally foreign to that
which is to be stricken out. That is the ques-
tion, and that the Chair has decided, and that
he has maintained abundantly by authority, I
submit, as he could do upon principle.
Mr. President, when the other question
shall be made, whether you may amend in a
State Legislature, for example, by adding to a
bill which requires a two-thirds vote a provis-
ion requiring only a majority vote, or whether
you may amend here by adding and incorpor-
ating something which a majority can pass in
a bill requiring a two-thirds vote, I think
many precedents, to which the Chair has not
adverted, and which would not be applicable
here, can be read to show the truth of that
proposition. I have no doubt of that either,
for one, foreign as I conceive it to be to this
question, and entirely immaterial and paltry
as I think the question to be for the reason
which the Senator from Wisconsin has stated.
It is all within the control of the body, and you
gain nothing when you say that the body ought
to rule on an appeal from the Chair that you
cannot put on a certain amendment. It be-
comes a mere question of numbers; and in
every legislative body, in every case, if they
want to put on an amendment they will put it
on, and it is merely the form in which the
question shall be taken. As my friend from
Wisconsin says, if the majority want to keep
it oft they can do it, and a majority cannot
put it on ; so that I think that question is not
a very important one.
But my purpose was to call the attention of
the Senate to the fact that the Chair has not
ruled and has not been called upon to rule
that question. The Chair has confined his
ruling strictly to the question now before us,
which is, whether the Senator from Massachu-
setts may move to strike out the whole of this
hill after the enacting clause and propose to
insert a different bill in its place?
Mr. STEWART. I do not care to occupy
the time of the Senate by insisting on calling
the yeas and navs on this question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose the Senate
will be able to understand what the Chair has
decided ; tho Chair was very clear and distinct
in his statement; and the repetition of the
Senator from New York, that the Chair has
decided something else, T suppose will deceive
nobody unless it does himself.
There is one other suggestion which I desire
to make in regard to this question of order.
Before doing so, however, I will refer to the
case that occurred in the Senate when a prop-
osition was pending to amend the Constitution
of the United States, and where an amendment
was adopted by a majority vote. In that case
the question was not raised as to whether it
was in order or not in order ; so that that
would settle nothing.
But (here is another feature of this subject
to which attention was called when this bill
was before the Senate previously, which I
think should exercise a governing influence in
the decision of the question before the Senate.
The proposition of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts can only pass as a law. It must have
the approval of the President. The bill must
be read three times. The proposition that is
now pending before the Senate needs but a
two-thirds vote of Congress; it does not need
the approval of the President ; nor need it pass
in the shape of a bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How do you make it out
that it does not need the approval ofthe Presi-
dent?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Because the President
has nothing to do with it. He cannot veto a
vote of Congress relieving political disabilities.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have you
prove that. How do you maintain it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Constitution says so.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. " But Congress may by
a vote of two-thirds of each House remove
such disability." That is all that is necessary;
Congress may by a two-thirds vote of each-
House remove the disability, and the President
cannot veto it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend a
question ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois yield ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, yes; Ialways yield
to the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If I disturb my good
friend I will not ask it. The Constitution also
says that Congress may declare war by a ma-
jority vote; and I wish to ask if Congress can
declare war without the approval of the Presi-
dent, constitutionally?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Another clause of the
Constitution connected with legislation pro-
vides, m reference to legislative matters, that
the approval of the President is necessary.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Must you pass a bill
through three readings to declare war?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think you must pass
a bill or a joint resolution, which is the same
thing, and that you cannot do it by a single vote.
There is no such language in the Constitution
in regard to declaring war as there is here.
Congress may declare war; but how does
Congress act? Other portions of the Consti-
tution prescribe the mode by which Congress
acts; but the Constitution itself prescribes the
mode of action in relieving political disabili-
lies ; andhow is it? "But Congress may by a
vote of two thirds of each House remove such
disability." Now, I hold it is as clear as any-
thing can be that the President cannot veto
the vote of each House removing a political
disability. He has no control over it. He
might as well undertake to veto our appoint-
ment of a committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend what
this clause of the Constitution means, which
of course has not escaped his observation,
being the seventh section of the first article?
"Every order, resolution, or vote to which tho
concurrence of tho Senate and House of Represent-
atives may be necessary (except on a question of
adjournment) shall be presented to the President
ol the United States, and before thesameshall take
effect shall be approved by him." &e.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is an old question
that we have often discussed her£, and if we
were to argue it now I suppose it would only
be a repetition of the discussion which we
have had here heretofore, and the Senator
from Vermont I suppose took part in it.
There is a clause in the Constitution ol the
United States, as it was originally drafted,
authorizing amendments to be proposed to it,
and how does that read:
"The Congress, whenever two thirds of both
Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose
amendments to this Constitution."
Now, when they do propose amendments to
the Constitution, did anybody ever suppose,
or any considerable number of persons, that
the President had anything to do with it?
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. Lincoln did.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, Mr. Lincoln inad-
vertently signed a resolution proposing an
amendment to the Constitution and sent a
message afterward apologizing for it. It was
taken up there inadvertently by our Committee
on Enrolled Bills, not thinking anything about
it, and he signed it. But on the very first
amendment that was ever proposed to the
Constitution of the United States, soon after
it was adopted, before 1800, the question was
raised whether the President could veto a res-
olution of Congress or proposition submitted
by Congress to the States for their ratification
as portions of the Constitution, and it was
discussed in this body, and it was decided that
the President had nothing to do with such a
proposition. It was not an order or a reso- '
lution or a bill of a legislative character with
which he had anything to do. But there were
some critical gentlemen, like my friend from,
Vermont., who always looks closely to the
critical bearing of every question, who were
not satisfied with the decision of the Senate.,
