1392
THErcOFGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
OKDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. FERRY", of Michigan. I think there
Mil be no objection to the passage of the bill
•frhicli I desire to call up. The time expires
fo-'day, I think, for the completion of the work.
On account of a stress of weather last year the
company were unable to complete it. The
Wll involves no appropriation ; it has passed
the House of Representatives unanimously,
and it has the approval of the Senate Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
the PRESIDING OFFICER. • The morn-
ing hour has expired, and it is the duty of the
Chair to call up the unfinished business, which
is the legislative appropriation bill, pending
which the Senator from Michigan asks unani-
mous consent to proceed to the consideration
of the bill mentioned by him.
Mr. COLE. I hope he will not insist upon it.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I should not
' press it were it not for the fact that the time
expires to-day. However, I shall not insist
upon it if the Senator is unwilling to yield.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
froto California insists on the regular order.
Mr. WRIGHT. I gave notice on Saturday
that I should call up, this morning, the Chicago
relief bill for the purpose of getting the ques-
tion before the Senate 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us finish the appro-
priation bill first.
Mr. WRIGHT. Hsw long will it take ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. We shall probably finish
it to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The appro-
priation bill is before the Senate.
Mi-. WRIGHT. I move to lay it aside for
the purpose of taking up the Chicago relief
bill.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator will permit
us to go on with the appropriation bill after
the very many and vexatious delays to which
it has already been subjected. We'certainly
ought to go on with it. It is the first appro-
priation bill really that has been brought beforo
the Senate, the only one of any importance,
and there are others pending and now on the
Calendar pressing for consideration. I earn-
estly hope that the Senate will allow us to go
on without any further interruption. If there
are other bills to bo introduced let them go
over until to-morrow. They will last till then.
They cannot be considered in the mean time,
any way. The Senate, in my judgment, ought
to allow us now to go on with the appropriation
bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator allow
rae to ask unanimous consent that Friday next
be set apart for the consideration of bills from
the Committee on Commerce?
Mr. EDMUNDS. We cannot agree to that
now.
Mr. COLE. I cannot yield now.
Mr, WRIGHT. I submit my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony.) The Senator from Iowa moves to
postpone the pending and all other orders
and proceed to the consideration of the bill
known as the Chicago relief bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. I certainly appreciate all
that has been said by the Senator from Cali-
fornia in reference to the appropriation bill.
This relief bill has been before the Senate five
or six different times. It has been twice re-
ported from the Committee on Finance. It is
well understood by every Senator on this floor,
and if there is to be anything done with it—if
it is to be passed or any action had—it ought
to be immediately. I am very certain that
there is no disposition to say a word in favor
of the bill, and X do not know that there is any
disposition to discuss it on the other side.
Why cannot we have the bill taken up at this
time and passed, or some action taken upon
it? I am very sure I have stood by the Senator
from California on his appropriation bill at all
steges, and I shall do so again, but I feel com-
pelled to insist on taking up this bill now.
Mr. COLE. The Senator states that his
bill has been up half a dozen times. The
appropriation bill has been up, I think, twice
as often as any other bill, and is the unfinished
business, and I see no reason why we should
not go on with it this morning, and I hope the
Senate will so vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. _ The Senator from Cal-
ifornia has given notice that he will press
other appropriation bills after this one. This
relief bill, if passed at all, certainly ought to
be passed at once, because it is as much to
give confidence and encouragement to the
people of Chicago in building as anything
else. Spring has come now, and they are
making their arrangements. I should be very
glad to have it disposed of in some way to- day
if we could, and it will take no more time now
than it will to-morrow ; but if the Senator is
not willing to agree to that, is he willing to
agree that when we get through with the
present appropriation bill he will let this bill
come up and be disposed of in some way, or
will he press some other appropriation bill?
If he is going to do that, it will put off this
bill indefinitely. If the Senator from Califor-
nia would consent, as soon as he gets through
with the present bill, to let the relief bill come
up, I would agree to that and we would not
waste any time in a discussion as to what shall
be taken up.
Mr. COLE. The Senator knows very well
that my consent is not necessary in a matter
of this kind. Every time he moves to post-
pone an appropriation bill or an adjournment
he is able to carry the Senate. He needs no
consent of mine.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator is going
to fight the appropriation bill every time it
comes up, he will lose a great deal of time in
trying to get it up. It seems to me my sug-
gestion was a fair one, and I do not think
1 am obnoxious to the remarks the Sen-
ator from California has made. I very sel-
dom make a motion to adjourn. I did
make one on Saturday, but it is very seldom
that I do so. I think the Senator is hardly
fair in his suggestion, so far as I am concerned,
that I do not try to keep my seat in the Sen-
ate and tend to facilitate business. I hope
the Senator will not press an appropriation
bill against the Chicago relief bill if now we
consent to let it go by.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Iowa, to postpone the appropriation bill with
a view of taking up the bill indicated by him.
The motion was not agreed to, there being,
on a division—ayes eleven, noes not counted.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1060) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,
1873, and for other purposes.
The .reading of the bill was continued, the
amendments of the Committee on Appropria-
tions being acted on as they were reached in
their order.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 36, after lino eight
hundred and seventy-five, in the appropriations
for the Territory of Arizona, to insert the fol-
lowing :
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses thereof, $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 39, line
nine hundred and thirty eight, in the appropri-
ations for the District of Columbia, to insert
" for salaries of the members of the Board of
Health, at $2,000 each, $10,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. In the proviso to that appropri-
ation the word '' board!' should be 1' boards;''
so as to read, "No part of the sum hereby
appropriated shall be paid to any member of
said boards who shall hold any other Federal
office." I move so to amend it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 89, from lines
nine hundred and forty-six to nine hundred
and fifty-four, in the appropriations for the
Department of the Interior, to strike out the
following words:
Chief clerk, $2,200; nine clerks of class four, addi-
tional to seven clerks of clasa four as disbursing
clerks; additional of $200 to the clerk of class four
who may be designated to act as superintendent of
the Interior Department building; three clerks of
class three, four clerks of class two, one clerk of class
one, one messenger, two assistant messengers, and
three laborers; in all, $47,540.
And insert in lieu thereof the following :
Chief clerk, four clerks of class four, any of whom
may be paid $200 extra, if the Secretary of the Inte-
rior deem it necessary and proper; live clerks of
class four, one of whom may be designated by the
Secretary to act as superintendent of the building,
who shall receive $200 additional compensation per
annum; additional to three disbursing clerks, three
clerks of class three, four clerks of class two, and
one clerk of class one, one messenger, two assistant
messengers, at $720 each, and three laborers in his
office; in all, $47,540.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 40, line
nine hundred and sixty-five, to strike out the
words " one captain of the watch, $1,200,
and," and to reduce the appropriation for
twenty-eight watchmen for the general serviee
of the Interior Department building from
$21,360 to $20,160.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 40, line
nine hundred and seventy-four, to_reduce the
appropriation for expenses of packing and dis-
tributing official documents, including salary
of superintendent, in the Interior Department
from $7,000 to $3,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on .page 40, line
nine hundred and seventy-seven, to reduce the
appropriation for rent and fitting up of rooms
for the use of the Pension Office and for the
Bureau of Education from $16,000 to $14,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 40, line
nine hundred and seventy-nine, to reduce the
appropriation for casual repairs of the Depart-
ment of Interior building from $15,000 to
$10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 42. line
ten hundred and eleven, and line ten hun-
dred and thirteen, in the appropriations for
the General Land Office, to reduce the appro-
priation for miscellaneous items on account
of bounty lands and military patents under
the several acts, and contingent expenses under
the swamp-land act, from $30,000 to $20,000,
and to reduce the total appropriated for the
General Land Officefrom $254,560 to $244,560.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 40, line
ten hundred and fifty-six, in the appropria-
tions for the Patent Office, to strike out
"four," and insert "two;" so as to read
"twenty-two principal examiners, at $2,500."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 44, line
ten hundred and fifty-nine, to strike out " two,''
and insert "four;" so that the clause will
read "twenty-four assistant examiners, at
$1,600 each, two of whom may be females."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines ten hun-
dred and sixty-four and ten hundred and sixty-
five to reduce from $320,600 to $318,800 the
appropriation for the Patent Office.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 44, line
ten hundred and seventy-one, to strike out the
words "and purchasing clerk."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 48, line
eleven hundred and fifty-six, in the appropri*
