1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2289
ceded to San Francisco. Indeed, we would
rather the title should remain in the United
States; and the proposition is that so much
of the reservation as is now a barren waste,
kept so for no reason in the world, may be
adorned and beautified, which the city of San
Francisco is willing to do, and still leave it
subject to the use of the United States at any
time.
This is a proposition in behalf of the poor
people, the laboring classes of that city, and
not on behalf of anybody in particular. It is
a proposition on behalf of the population at
large, and is certainly one that the Senator,
if he knew as much about it as any person
who has been in that city, could not oppose.
I do not see what basis there can be for oppos-
ing a proposition of the sort, and I am sure
the Senator would not oppose it if he knew as
much about it as we do.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But if my friend will
pardon m.e 
Mr. COLE. One moment farther, and I
will give way to the Senator with as much
politeness as he did to me.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask a question ;
that is all.
Mr. COLE. I will yield for that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask the Sena-
tor, if he desires me to know more about it,
why he is not willing to wait until I can know
more about it by getting information the Sen-
ate has ordered to be given to us?
Mr. COLE. We are approaching the fifth
month, I think, of the session, and we are
likely to wait until the end of the session for
the information the Senator desires, and that
i3 my reason. I presented a petition here a
long time ago, signed by all the leading men
of San Francisco. I believe it com prised among
the signers every banker of that city, nearly
all the merchants, and many others of the
business men, numbering about three thou-
sand, asking for the thing, a very extraordin-
ary petition in point of numbers to be pre-
sented in regard to a matter of this sort; and
if the Senator has heard of a single person that
protests against it I wish he would name him.
I do not suppose he has heard of a single per
son who protests against it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In San Francisco ?
Mr. COLE. In San Francisco.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly not.
Mr. COLE. This proposition is to allow
them to make use of a barren waste for the
purpose of converting it into a public park,
where the poor man may go on Sunday when
his work is over and rest—where he may
escape from the smoke and dust of the city,
and with his wife and children find recreation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why can he not rest in
the city park now ?
Mr. COLE. There is no city park there,
nor can one be made upon the ground that is
set apart for that to which the Senator is always
alluding. The difficulty that the Senator
labors under is that he does not understand
the thing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let me ask the honor-
able Senator how far it is from this reservation
to the city park at San Francisco ?
Mr. COLE. I am aware that authority _ is
given and steps have been taken to establish
a park there, but upon ground which nearly
all is one drifting sand bank, and is incapable
of being converted into a public park.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why does not the Sena-
tor answer my question, how far it is?
Mr. COLE. I have never measured the
distance; but it is not far.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator be good
enough to give us a guess, as we would say in
Yankee land?
Mr. COLE. I should say no more than a
half a mile, certainly not a mile.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should say so, too.
Mr. COLE. The Senator seems to find
some amusement in this, but really I do not
42d Cons. 2d Sbss.—No. 144.
know what the basis for his merriment is, I
am sure.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend will pardon
me. In the way he states it, it is a mile's
amusement; that is all.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, here is in the
midst of San Francisco a reservation of,
I believe, fifteen or sixteen thousand acres of
ground. The city has approached this ground
in its construction ; the buildings are almost
around it; they are certainly approaching it
now. We know from the way in which the
city extends that it will certainly come up to
this ground in a few years. We all know that
the poor people occupy the outskirts of a city
first; they cannot go abroad in the country
for recreation; and this will be for their
special and particular use. It will be a great
accommodation, I can say to the Senator, to
that class of people to be permitted to use
this ground for the purpose of walking upon it
and riding upon it, if they happen to be so
fortunate as to have the means of riding.
There can be no objection to the measure, as
I have often repeated, and I am sure if the
Senator would look upon it himself and in-
vestigate it he would not object to ic, but would
go in for it as cordially as I do, or an}' other
person.
Mr. BLAIR. Allow me to ask the Senator
if there is any railroad company that wants
that park for a depot? If there is any rail-
road company that wants the land for a depot
I should hesitate before giving it to the city.
[Laughter.]
Mr. COLE. This is distinct from all other
applications to Congress. If it had been an
application 011 behalf of a railroad corporation
or rich people, capitalists, I apprehend there
would be less difficulty in getting it through.
It is certainly an application on behalt' of the
people, distinctively and exclusively.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Iask the Senator whether,
when he says there would be less difficulty in
getting this through, if it were an application
on the part of a railroad, he refers to me?
Mr. COLE. Not by any means.
IIr. EDMUNDS. The Senator is perfectly
aware that I resisted with all my might and
main an effort of a certain railroad to get
Yerba Buena.
Mr. COLE. In that my friend from Ver-
mont has done well; but my objection to the
ground he now takes is that he cannot have
the information that we have, and that he
does not act upon information.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And you are determined
that I shall not get it-
Mr. COLE. I am sure he cannot get it
without going to look at it, and I am afraid
the Senator will never come over and pay us a
visit on that coast. I wish he would. If he
should visit us there and look for himself, I
am very well assured he would favor this meas-
ure. I might appeal to Senators who have
been there and looked upon it for themselves,
who have looked at this ground and know the
situation of it and the surroundings, to sup-
port this bill.
Mr. President, I am anxious about this
because the people there are anxious for it.
They see a great waste in that city, of no use,
but under the control and management of the
War Department, a few officers, who, perhaps,
pasture their cows upon it, and that is all the
use it is put to ; and the only proposition is to
permit the citizens, for their own accommo-
dation, for the pleasure and comfort of the
people, and the health of the people, to go on
and beautify and adorn it, and have it as a
place of recreation,
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why not sell it?
Mr. COLE. I presume there would be very
strong objections on the part of the military
branch of the Government to selling it, as
they always object to selling their property;
but we have got them to the point of consent-
ing that so much of this as they do not need
for the time being may be devoted to the uses
to which I desire that it shall be devoted, and
when they have acquiesced in the form of the
bill for such use of the property, reserving, as
they do, except in time of war, such portions
as they need in time of peace, it seems to me
so reasonable a proposition that I really can
hardly persuade myself to advance arguments
in support of it further than I have done.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to take
any time in debating the merits of this bill
to day, for the reason tliat I think the Senate
will not be disposed to proceed with its con-
sideration until the resolution of the Senate
calling for complete information on the sub-
ject is answered by the War Department. If
1 were to go into the merits, so far as we now
have information about it, it would be a pretty
serious question with me whether fifteen or
sixteen hundred acres of land, which belongs
to the people of the United States, and which
is not needed for military purposes, should be
given to the city of San Francisco for a public"
park under the form of a lease, instead of
being sold, as it can be, for two or three million
dollai'3 for cash, and the money paid into the
Treasury. That would be a serious question,
for I doubt very much whether it is the busi-
ness of the Government of the United States
to provide parks in all the cities of the Union
where they have real estate, for the benefit of
the people. I know there is a tract of about
tsvo hundred acres of land in a city in my State
not neededf'or military purposes, that belongs
to the Government of the United States, and
I can say to my friend from California that I
can get not only the petition of every man in
the city, but of every man in the State to
whom the paper might be presented, to ask
the Government, if they are going into the
business of letting the people occupy their
grounds instead ot selling them if they do not
want them, to give to the city of Vergennes, in
Vermont, the'arsenal grounds in that town, or
lease them or lend them to be occupied for a
park. It would be very delightful; but the
people of Vermont have labored under the
supposition that any property of the United
States which was not needed .for public pur-
poses of the United States had better be sold
and thus be applied to relieve the burden of
taxation from them.
I confess, therefore, that with the informa-
tion I now have, I look upon this proposition
as the most extraordinary one (saving railroad
propositions, as the honorable Senator from
Missouri has suggested) that I ever heard
presented to the representatives of a_ people
that are groaning under taxation. It is prac-
tically to turn over to a municipality a great
amount of property that the United States
may happen to own in that city for their pur-
poses, when it should bo sold for cash, not
being wanted for the purposes of the United
States, and the money put into the Treasury.
But I say I do not wish to go into the merits.
There is a great deal more about it. The city
of San Francisco has a park which, if that
people choose to do as other people do, they
may improve, within half a mile of this, con-
j sisting of a thousand acres, which is entirety
ample ; but that is apart from the question.
1 have seed the map of the city of San Fran-
cisco, and speak by the book ; it is within
half a mile of this reservation, I believe ; it is
four or five blocks off. There are a thousand
acres of land that belong to the city set apart
for a park; but they do not find it convenient,
according to my friend—I did not know that
before—to plant trees around it and manure
it and put it in order ; it is much better to get
something from the United States, I suppose.
Then throw up that park and sell it for the
benefit of the city. I can see a great many
ways in which it would be very handy fop
the benefit of San Francisco to have this
reservation, just as it will be very handy for a
certain railroad company to take Goat Island,
