rl872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3185
and of Congress, and when the constitutional
amendment thus submitted without the signa-
ture of President Washington had been rati-
^,fied by three fourths of the States, a ease arose
;under it in the Supreme Court of the United
States, and a critical lawyer insisted that the
amendment to the Constitution was not valid;
it had never been proposed by Congress, be-
cause the President had not signed it; and
, the Supreme Court of the United States would
not hear an argument in opposition to hitn.
They said surely there can be nothing in that
suggestion ; the President has nothing to do
with propositions submitted by Congress for
the amendment of the Constitution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That very word "propo-
sition" is the test. That makes the distinc-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know why the
word "proposition" makes the test any more
than any other word.
"The Congress, whenever two thirds of both
Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose amend-
ments to the Constitution,"
The word " proposition" is not there.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It was on your lips.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not perhaps quote
■ it exactly right, but inasmuch as it is not in
the Constitution the Senator will not put much
stress on the word "proposition." They may
propose amendments, and they do it by reso-
lution. I have tried to satisfy the Senator,
and I am making these remarks more for the
benefit of the Senator from Vermont than any-
body else, for I think the rest of the Senate is
. familiar with this history 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very much obliged
to you.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And I thought he was
familiar with it before.
Now, Mr. President, I come back again to
the proposition, if I may be permitted to use
that word, by which Congress may relieve any
person from political disabilities ; this propo-
sition that is now pending. It is not a law.
The President has nothing to do with it. It
ought not to be taken to him for his approval.
He cannot veto it; and all that is necessary is,
in the language of the Constitution, that Con-
gress by a vote of two thirds of each House
remove such disability. To say that you can
amend a proposition of that kind by putting
on it a bill that is to be a law on some other
subject seems to me incongruous, and that it
ought not to be done.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to have the
enacting clause of the bill read. As it is pro-
posed to strike out all after the enacting
clause I should like to hear the Clerk read
that enacting clause.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts has given natice that he will move
to strike out the enacting clause by way of
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is not pending yet.
Mr. STEWART. I want to hear that enact-
ing clause read as part of my speech.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, (two thirds of each House concurring
therein.)
Mr. STEWART. Now, Mr. President, you
have passed a law prescribing what shall be
the enacting clause of your other laws, and it
does not contain that last clause, " two thirds
of each House concurring therein." Suppose
this amendment prevails and the bill goes
back to the House of Representatives, what is
it there? It is a House bill with a Senate
amendment. How much of the House bill is
left? You have destroyed it entirely by this
substitute, which is not germane to it at all.
You cannot even leave the enacting clause.
Now, there are plenty of bills that are returned
there from this body in which everything of
the original bill is eliminated but the enacting
clause. They go on the Speaker's table as
House bills with Senate amendments, because
42d Cosq. 2d Sbss.—Sfo. 200.
the enacting clause is preserved ; but here is
a case where you cannot even preserve the
enacting clause of the original bill. You say
it is germane, it is parliamentary, to annex
this to the bill and send it back to the House
without leaving in it any sentence that the
House put in it at all. It seems to me that
that is carrying the principle entirely too far.
It is a different subject altogether. You have
not got anything left of the original bill. You
have not got even the enacting clause. You
have not got anything to hang an amendment
upon. It seems to me that such a practice
cannot be sanctioned by parliamentary law.
It would lead to such confusion of business
that it should not be in order in the Senate.
I have not seen anything to make me believe
that it is in order. As to the point that this
is an amendment just the same as adding to
the end of the bill, I see nothing in that, be-
cause if the amendment is made and it gets
back to the House it leaves no part of the
House bill, not even the enacting clause. You
have got to destroy the enacting clause. Your
enacting clause would be out of order and
contrary to your law and your rule, which
requires a two-thirds vote to pass the bill. That
is out of order. Either the motion is out of
order or the enacting clause is out of order, it
is very plain.
I can see no difference between this and a
concurrent resolution. Suppose a concurrent
resolution on some subject should come from
the House of Representatives and the Senate
should put a bill upon that concurrent reso-
lution and send it back ; would that be in
order? It would be according to the Senator
from Wisconsin. Then it would be in order
in that way and evade the rule that requires a
bill to have three separate readings. A con-
current resolution does not have to have three
readings on different days. It seems to me
that it leads to confusion to substitute a matter
here that has no relation to the other; and it
is very doubtful, as suggested by my friend
from Illinois, whether this is required to go
through the processes of the other proposition ;
whether it is required to be signed by the Pres-
ident. I regard that as exceedingly doubtful.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am surprised at two
points which my friend from Nevada has made
in the discussion of this subject. First, he
says that in the case of the precedent referred
to, because nobody thought proper to raise
the question of order, therefore no question
of order was decided. I recollect very well
the amendment offered by Mr. Clark to the
resolutions of Mr. Crittenden for amending the
Constitution. Those resolutions were debated
for more than a week in this body. I was
here and voted upon them. No person raised
a question of order. It was a very exciting
debate, indeed. The galleries were so full
that it was impossible to preserve order in
them. The whole community, the whole coun-
try was excited on the subject, and the debate
was long, there were late sessions, the subject
was very fiercely contested, and no person
raised a question of order, and there were the
best parliamentarians in the country in the
Senate at that time.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to ask the Senator
a question. A person gets up here and asks
to consider a bill out of order, nobody objects,
and it is done. Does that decide any question
of order?
Mr. ANTHONY. But if that bill should be
debated a week, if it should be finally passed
by only two majority, as this was, by 25 to 23,
and it should interest the whole country, and
a question of order would have stopped it in a
moment if it was not in order, I should think
it was very remarkable if the question of order
was not raised if there was any question about
it. I should conclude that the question of order
was not raised because there was no question
to raise.
Mr. STEWART. Jt frequently happens
here that bills are called tij< . .iat questions of
order would stop, and they involve debate for
weeks, and the point is passed over.
Mr. ANTHONY. I can recall no instance
in which a bill has been debated here for a
week, calling out general discussion, calling
out all the Senators who are in the habit of
participating in debate, exciting the whole
country, and yet susceptible of being put aside
on a point of order if one were raised upon it.
I know of no such question. It is possible but
very improbable.
1 am also surprised at the argument of so
good a lawyer as the Senator from Nevada,
that if this is not the law it ought to be, and
therefore we should make it so by our vote.
That is what I wish to address myself to very
briefly. I think it is important to decide our
rales as they are, not as Senators wish them to
be. We have several times of late decided
questions of order, not as the rules prescribed
but as it is for our present conveniences to have
them. It is a very dangerous thing to do.
Mr. STEWART. Does this depend upon
precedents, or does it depend upon a written
rule?
Mr. ANTHONY. It depends upon the rule
as it is ; the precedent is merely an illustra-
tion. It depends on the fair interpretation of
the rule which the Chair has decided; and it
seems to me there can be no doubt whatever
of the correctness of the decision. We decided
a question yesterday which I presume no Sen-
ator here will seriously say that we decided
according to parliamentary law, but we de-
cided to suit the present convenience of the
majority. A Senator who is riot now in his
seat said when he voted, "I vote ou the merits
of the case, not on the parliamentary law,"
although the parliamentary law was the ques-
tion under discussion.
If a majority of the Senate desire to reject
this amendment, it is very proper that it should
so do ; but it should not reject it on the ground
that it is not in order; it should reject it on
the ground of its own merits or demerits. I
hope we shall decide the question of order as
we believe the parliamentary law to be, and
then decide on the amendment as we believe
the interests of the country demand.
Mr. BAYARD. I would like to attract the
attention of so eminent a parliamentarian as
my honorable friend from Rhode Island to one
point. By the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution certain disabilities
are imposed upon certain named classes of cit-
izens, but it is provided that Congress may by
a vote of two thirds of each House remove
such disabilities. The nature of the present
proposition, then, is an amendment to the
Constitution. The present proposition, which
has passed the House of Representatives aud
awaits the assent of the Senate, provides for
an amendment to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States by removing certain disabilities im-
posed by the fourteenth article of amendments.
Now, it is claimed that upon such a proposi-
tion as that you can ingraft a measure requiring
but the vote of a majority, one of those meas-
ures which by the seventh section of the first
article of the Constitution must be presented
to the President of the United States, and
which he has the constitutional right to veto,
and thus compel, in order to have it become
a law, a repassage of it by the two Houses.
Let me ask the honorable Senator from Rhode
Island if you have one measure which dis-
tinctly does not require the President's assent,
and you ingraft upon it or commingle with it
a measure which does require his consent and
may be controlled by his veto, what incon-
gruity have you arrived at by your legislation
when the same measure shall contain within
itself a part which does not require the presi-
dential assent and a part that does require it,
a part that he may defeat and a part that is
beyond his reach? What kind of legislation
would it be? What will you term it? The
bill is in point of substance, in its very nature,
as the House has sent it to us, aa amendment
