1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ations for tlie Department of Agriculture, to
reduce the compensation tor chemist from
$2,500 to $2,000, and reducing the total appro-
priation in lines eleven hundred and seventy-
four and eleven hundred and seventy-five from
$75,890 to $75,390.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 61, after
line twelve hundred and thirty-live, in the ap-
propriations for the Post Office Department,
to strike out the following clause:
For two clerks of class four, two clerks of olaas
two, ono clerk of class one, ono messenger, and two
laborers, additional force in the munoy-order ofiico,
89.880.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Committee on
Appropriations will not insist upon that amend-
ment. I am satisfied that the committee labored
under a misapprehension in regard to the inter-
ests of the public service in the Post Office
Department, or they would not have made this
recommendation. There is no branch of that
service increasing so rapidly as the money-
order system. Already there are two thou-
sand of that elassof officesinthe United States,
and an increase of some live hundred is antici-
pated, on the 1st of July next, when offices of
that character are usually created. They do
a business of $40,000,000 annually, and the
number of orders is very large; so that I should
suppose from a mere knowledge of the business
of that character any one would at onco eon-
cede that the present force in that office is not
sufficient. There are but sixteen clerks there
now.
T have here the correspondence of the Post
Office Department with the committee of the
House of Representatives, when the bill was I
under consideration there and giving proper
weight to this communication the House com-
mittee inserted this provision. 1 think the
Senate committee could not have had this
correspondence before them or the < would not
have advised the striking out of this appro-
priation. I send to the Chair and ask that
the communication of the Postmaster General
and that of the chief of the money-order sys-
tem may be read to the Senate, and I think
after that they will not agree to the recom-
mendation of the committee to strike out this
appropriation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
hoy.) The communications will be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
POST OM'TOK Department,
Washington, 1). O., January 13,1X72.
Sir: I have the honor to transmit liorowith a let-
ter this day addressed to mo by tho superintendent
of tho monoy-ordor 8ys! 0111, in which he requests mo
to recommend to Congress the establishment of five
additional clerkships m tho money-order oluce of
this Department, and that appropriation bo mado
for a mo^etiEcr and two additional hi borers therein.
In consideration of tho (treat and constant in-
crease ot the money-order haziness, n detailed
statement of which will bo found in my lust annual
roport, additional clcrical foice is, in my opinion,
absolutely requited in the muney-order onice ot
this Depiu tment, to insure the prompt and emeient
transaction of that business, both domestic and in-
ternational. I would, therefore, urgently recom-
mend that un appropriation bo made for hvo au<ti-
tional clerkships m tho money-order onice ot the
Post Office Department, to wit, two of the fourth
class, two of the third class, and one ot tho first
class, stud also for a messenger at $810 per annum,
and two additional laborers.
I am, very respectfully your obedient servant,
JOHN A. J. CRiiSW
Postmaster (zcneral.
Hon. James A. Garfield, Chairman of Committee on
Appropriation*, Home of Hepresentatives.
Post Office Department, Money-Order Office,
Washington," January 13,1872.
Sir: I beg leave to invite your attention to the
fact that in consequence of the great and constant
increa^eof the money-order business throughout the
country, additional force is required m this omce
for the proper supervision and management ox that
^"rh^nggreffate amount of orders issued during the
fiscal year 1871 was upward of 842,000,000, and the
amount of orders paid also exceeds that sum. ihe
increase in the amount of each, over the correspond-
ing transactions of the previous year, was more than
$8,000,000. , ^ ^
On the 31st of July last, three hundred and sey
enty-nine new money-order offices were estabiisheu,
making the whole number at present m operation
42r> Cong. 2d Sbss.—Ho, 88.
twenty-four hundred and fifty-two. These addi-
tional offices will largely increase the amount of
money orders issued during the current fiscal year,
which will probably cxcecd fifty million dollars.
Moreover, tho system of excliango of money orders
between the United States and the United Kingdom
was put into operation Ootobor 1,1871, and from that
date up to January 10,1872, orders to the amount ol
$-76,868 wero issued in this country for payment m
Great Britain, and up to December 12,,1871. ordors
from that country to tho amount of $45,2&> wore
paid hero.
On tho 1st of Oetobcr next an international ex-
change of postal ordors with tho German empire
will bo inaugurated, which will add materially to
the clerical and other labors of this office.
Tho number of omplovoa therein at pvesont is
sixtoen, namely, ono chief clork, ono clerk of class
four, fivo clerks of class three, ono of class two, five
of class one, two laborers, and ono assistant mes-
senger. This force is not now sufficient to perform
thoroughly and promptly the amount of work to bo
done, which, as 1 have abovo stated, is constantly
increasing. X vonture, therefore, to reciuost that
you will, if this application meets your approval,
recommend to Congress that five additional clerk-
ships be established in the money-order omco oi this
Department, to wit. two clerkships of class four,
two of chis* two, ami one of tho first class, and that
provision bomado for tho appointment in that ofliee
of a messenger at $840 por annum, and two addi-
tional laborers.
I am, respectfully, your obediont servant,
C. 1?. MACDONALD, Superintendent.
Hon. John A. J. Crkswkll, Postmaster General.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Semite will not
sustain the Committee 011 Appropriations in
striking out this provision. Does the Senator
from California insist 011 tho amendment?
' Mr. COLE. I have some remarks to sub-
mit on it, but I shall bo very brief. _ This
clause provides for an additional force ol some
eight persons in one bureau of the Post Office
.Department. It is stated in this communica-
tion from the Postmaster General that tho
service in that bureau is increasing very con-
siderably, and that the money order business
now amounts to something over $'10,000,000,
and 1 believe it lias been extended to foreign
countries. The force provided for in this
clause, however, is entirely new. 'Ihe com-
mittee arc of opinion that force might be de-
tailed from some other branch of the Post
Office Department to perform this service, or
the persons who are provided for in other ap-
propriations might be assigned to perform this
duty. The committee called the attention of
the Postmaster General particularly to this
matter, and if my memory serves me he stated
that he could got along probably with a less
force than that provided in this paragraph. I
think if my friend from Minnesota will con-
sent to let this amendment be adopted, the
matter can be put right by tho conference
committee, if the bill should go there, or by
the House of Representatives if the House
should reconsider this bill 011 its being sent
back with our amendments. 1 do not know ex-
actly what is necessary in this case, but 1 feel
quite certain that all the force asked for in this
paragraph is not really indispensable.
Mr. RAMSEY. I do not know that the
suggestion of the Senator from California in
regard to managing this matter is one that 1
should, like to assent to. It ib that I bh<iH
consent to let the provision pass in the shape
that the committee have recommended and
trust to a committee of conference. If I were
to do that, we should be getting pretty far
into the jaws of the lion. I agree, of course,
as every Senator must, to tho propriety of
the Committee on Appropriations exBrcising
the severest scrutiny and economy in consid-
ering these bills; but, at the same time, they
ought to appreciate the fact that the Depart-
ments of this Government are perpetually
growing. The Senator will sec, if he exam-
ines the reports of the Postmaster General,
that there is an increase of more than twenty
per cent, per annum upon the gross amount of
money orders of the Department^ and a much
larger increase in the number of the orders*.
During the last fiscal year, ending on the 30th
of June, 1871, the money orders in amount
were $42,000,000, and in number more than
two millions. Their average amount does not
exceed about nineteen dollars, thereby accom-
modating an immense mass of the people.
Now, that that fund should be carefully
guarded, not a dollar of it lost, it is certainly
important that wo should give to the Depart-
ment as many clorks for this purpose as they
consider necessary.
In answer to another suggestion of the Sen-
ator from California, I will say that we have a
communication from the Postmaster General. .
This increase of clerka was not estimated for
at the usual time in tho month of November
last, for at that time all the wants of the De-
partment could not be anticipated, but as the
months passed along, recently in the month
of January, upon an investigation of the wants
of his Department, it is found that this addi-
tional force of clerks is necessary, and hence
this letter and estimate in addition to the
annual estimates upon which these bills are
predicated. I am satisfied that the Senator is
entirely mistaken, and that the strong presump-
tion at any rate is that the Postmaster General
and the chief of the money-order office do
really know what they want, and tho further
presumption is lhat the increase of the busi-
ness in that Department warrants the increase
of clerks from year to year. We cannot do
without it if we mpan to do the business well.
Mr, STEVENSON. I hope this amend-
ment will bo adopted. We have already al-
lowed $10,000 for extra clerical labor in the
Post Office Department, which will go far
toward supplying the wants caused by the
increase of the money-order business. The
expenses of this Department are increasing
wonderfully every year. Some retrenchment
ought certainly to be had in them, or they will
go on multiplying to a degree that will be
incredibly large.
I cannot very well understand, with due re-
spect to the Postmaster General, how the
money-order business can require an increase
of messengers and an increase of laborers. It
would be rather a clerical force that it would
require than otherwise. The committee con-
sidered this matter, and were not disposed to
grant this increase. ^
But in answer to the honorable Senator from
Minnesota, I beg leave to make a suggestion.
There are periods in all these Departments when
many of the employ6s are not actually em-
ployed, or when their labors are much lesss
than they are at other seasons of the year.
Why cannot the head of the Department, when
cmploy6s in one branch have comparatively
leisure moments, put them in the money-order
bureau, and employ them in disposing of the
increased business there?
These were the views that presented them-
selves to the committee, and it seems to me
they were just. Although we had the Post-
master General before us, with every disposi-
tion on the part of (he committee to accom-
modate him, we believed he could get along
by striking out the number of clerks which is
proposed by the amendment of tho committee.
Mr. WINDOM. I move to amend the
clause which the committee proposed to strike
out, by striking out in line twelve hundred and
thirty-six the words "two cleika of class
four,"" and in line twelve hundred and thirty-
seven the words " one messenger."
The PRESIDING OFFICER, ihe first
question will be 011 the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Minnesota, to the paragraph pro-
posed to be stricken out.
Mr. WINDOM. 1 wish to say that I be-
lieve the committee gave this subject a very
careful consideration ; and while they ^sired
to allow to the Postmaster General ail that
thev believed to lie necessary in order to per-
form these new duties, I do not think there is
a single member of tho committee who lnvesti-
gated the subject who believes tin-, entire addi-
tional force is necessary. I am willing to com-
promise the matterwith my colleague by giving
I portion of this force. Undoubtedly some
additional service may be necessary under tne
money-order system, but that this entire in-
