446
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 21,
Ho. oh Reps.
Treaty of Washington—Mr. Wood.
42d Gong....2d Sbss.
meet they smile. What must be the effect
when Massachusetts and Pennsylvania regard
each other across the table of the Committee
of Ways and Means? When will they cease
to obstruct the will of the people and permit
Congress to reform our system of revenue and
equalize the burdens of taxation? Must the
people first depose them from the power.
Treaty of Washington.
SPEECH OF HON. FERNANDO WOOD,
of new york,
In the House op Representatives,
May 21, 1872,
On the following resolution reported from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs by Mr. Banks :
Whereas it has been stated in an ocean telegraphic
dispatch that, at a meeting of the JSxeter Chamber
of Commerce, Sir Stafford Northcote, one of the
joint high commissioners, in a speech as presiding
officer, stated that " the understanding of theBritish
commissioners was, that a promise had been given
that the claim for indirect damages should not be
presented; but it was necessary that tho American
Senate should not be placed m a position requiring
a confession that wrong had been done;" which
statement, made by a leading member of tho joint
high commission, on the part of Great Britain, re-
flects upon the good faith and integrity of the
American Government: Therefore,
Be. it resolved. That, the President of the United
States be, and no is hereby, requested, if not incon-
sistentwith thepubliointerestb.to inform tliisllouse
whether tho Government has any knowledge of any
such " understanding " or "promise" that claims
for indirect damages should not be presented to tho
tribunal of arbitration, and if so, from whom such
"understanding" or "promise" proceeded ; and that
he also bo lequested to communicate to the House
any other information in possession of the Govern-
ment relating to this subject.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, this resolution
opens up for discussion all of the various ques-
tions which are involved in the present aspects
of our relations with Great Britain. It is
proper to ask of the President information,
which, if truthfully and correctly given, will
compel him to give this House and the country
much of the secret testimony of the joint high
commission which sat in this city less than a
year ago to settle and determine all questions
of differences pending between the two coun-
tries.
But I fear, whatever thiB House may do, we
shall never receive a true and impartial narra-
tion of what occurred on that occasion. Much
of it had better never be developed if we would
wish to preserve our national self-respect.
" Ways that are dark and tricks that are vain"
too often characterize th.e intercourse of
nations, in the diplomacy between each other.
A straightforward, frank, and manly conduct
appears to be outside of diplomatic etiquette,
and no minister or Cabinet ollicer can hold a
place among the higher statesmen of the day
who does not resort to duplicity, disingenuous-
ness, prevarication, and nou-commitalism in
international negotiations. I regret that plain
, American citizens, when obtaining places of
this character, feel themselves compelled to
resort to such folly and wickedness. They
appear to feel obliged to ape the aristocratic
antics of Kuropean public men. The honest
old Ben. Franklin way of dealing with nations
as we should with individuals is ignored, and,
like parrots or monkeys, our public men
imitate the example of European practices
without any of the ability of those they copy
after. And it is this contemptible toadyism
that has brought upon us the present com-
plications with Great Britain. Instead of
boldly demanding our rights and denouncing
the many wrongs which that tyrannical Power
has perpetrated upon the United States as a
nation, upon our adopted citizens as a people,
we have basely bent the knee of supplication
and allowed ourselves to become involved in
a never-ending and humiliating epistolary and
telegraphic correspondence, filled with frivo-
lous technicalities.
By being thus drawn into a web finely woven
for us by the wily Briton, we have been over-
reached and overmatched. And from this
shameful dilemma it is proposed that we shall
extricate ourselves by a square back-down.
England having outwitted us in the negotiations,
demands that we shall submit to the trick. The
timidity of our rulers, for fear of the coming
presidential election, hesitates to comply. The
President, seeking to avoid the responsibility
of his own errors and weakness, refers the
subject to the Senate, hoping that that irre-
sponsible body will take the load of odium
off his own shoulders. Seeing for three months
that the American people would hold him to a
rigid accountability for his concession to a
British threat, he has resorted to this strata-
gem of a reference of the question to Con-
gress, so as to avoid the consequence which
would inevitably fall upon liis own head when
the high jury of public opinion should be con-
vened in November next to sit in judgment
upon his official acts.
Why should the United States submit longer
to the wanton insults and outrages of British
aggression ? Is there no heroism in the Ameri-
can people? Shall freemen always be made
subservient to that arrogant Power? Have
we forgot our early wrongs; our many trials;
the oft-repeated injuries; the oppression of
American citizens when found on British soil;
the causes which led to our war with England
in 1812, which have not been discontinued;
the advantages taken of us when we were
plunged in civil war at home, and thus unable
to defend ourselves from foreign outrages
abroad ; the confiscation of ourproperty; the
encroachments upon our northern frontier; the
arrest and imprisonment of Irish-American
citizens for words spoken in the United States;
the incarceration of Irish patriots (who,
having obtained American citizenship, were
under the protection of our Government) in
dungeons with felons and murderers, and a
thousand other indignities which no honor-
able nation would commit and to which no
free and great people like ourselves should
submit? Our rulers here at Washington may
have forgotten all these, but rest assured Amer-
icans have not forgotten it. Social civilities,
luxurious indulgences, and hobnobbing with
English emissaries at Washington may efface
such recollections from the minds and hearts
of those intrusted with the Government here,
but cannot so delude the great body of the
people of the country, whose national pulse
beats as truly and feels as deeply as did that
of our ancestors when they hurled the despot
from colonial power on this continent.
Mr. Speaker, 1 raise my voice against further
parleying. I protest against this unbecoming
attempt to modify or explain anything with
reference to the late treaty made with England.
While that treaty is not such an one as I would
have made or assented to, yet it was made and
ratified between the two Governments, and
should be adhered to and executed in good
faith by both sides. If either has a right to
complain of its provisions it is ourselves. We
were not properly protected under it. It was
an insufficient indemnity for American inju-
ries. We received no consideration lor the
wrongs to which I have referred. The mere
pecuniary recognition of our Alabama claims
is nothing compared with the loss of national
honor. The settlement by money of the
losses growing out of the outfit of rebel pri-
vateers in English ports is well enough, but
is nothing compared to the other class of
American claimants who suffered indignities,
imprisonment, and losses of property by incar-
ceration in British prisons in Ireland and else-
where. Have not these men claims as well
as merchants aud underwriters? Is nothing
due to them ? And shall their just demands
for indemnity and reparation be overlooked
and ignored? And yet this treaty makes no
reference to them. Our commissioners and
Government did not even present them for
settlement. They were deemed of no account,
nor even worthy of a passing notice. There-
fore I say that so far as either side has a right
to complain, it is ourselves. It is an insuffi-
cient settlement of the pending questions. It
will utterly fail to reconcile the differences
at issue, and my word for it, if from any cause
the treaty now fails, England will never get
another so good for herself.
Why should we, then, in view of the facts
be so distressed and anxious about the con-
summation of this measure? For myself,
while opposed to war, I can see many evils of
a greater magnitude to a people than war.
Wars are sometimes necessary as well as
advantageous. Nations sometimes procure
power, grandeur, territory, and wealth by
wars. Germany has just done so in her own
case. From a collection of petty kingdom^
she has suddenly grown into an empire of
vast proportions and overshadowing strength
merely because she accepted battle from the
Emperor Napoleon. She could brook no in-
sult, and see the result in her case ! England,
weak and tottering, stands to day trembling
upon the brink of a precipice. Like old King
Lear, whose greatness had departed, she clings
to a belief that she still rules the world, aud
can maintain supremacy.
Who can say that it is not the intention
of the Almighty "to prick this bubble," and
let the proud Briton down to a more humble
and dependent position in the category of
nations? That such is the design of the great
Architect of the universe appears to me
apparent. The day of her splendor has gone
forever! She will speedily realize this fact so
patent to others. Whether the United States
shall be chosen by the great Omnipotent as the
instrument by which to accomplish this desir-
able event, I know not. That it will be done
certainly and speedily is as certain as that the
sun revolves upon its axis.
Imperial Rome had her day, and fell; Ven-
ice,. the seat of wealth and commerce, fell
likewise. History is full of illustrations, show-
ing that vast acquisition of wealth, enormous
commercial power, and the luxurious refine-
ment which surely follows, predisposes and
produces national diseases, which results in
weakness, decay, and death! History also
shows that upon this as a further develop-
ment elsewhere will spring youthful vigor,
energy, and vastly superior national organ-
isations. Of this latter character is our own
great Republic. We have sprung from the
effete and dying monarchies of Europe, and
although the product, yet the superior of
them all.
Let us assert this supremacy. Let us vindi-
cate our right to a place in the front rank
among nations. Let us be true to ourselves,
our traditions, and our ancestors. While ask-
ing nothing that is not right, let us submit to
nothing that is wrong.
If we omit to maintain our own self-respect
we cannot expect the respect of others. Our
destiny is onward and upward. Progressive
democracy is the national characteristic. If,
then, in youth we have obtained our present
altitude, how much higher, nobler, and mightier
will be the position we shall occupy when
with apopulation of athousand millions, living
happily, peacefully, and prosperously under the
benign institutions of our fathers, we shall
occupy the entire continent, and sit in judg-
ment upon the nations of the world as the
first and greatest of them all I
