3186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May ,8; I
to the Constitution which the President of th?
United States cannot affect, provided it shall
be passed by the requisite vote of two thirds
of each body. Now, if you ingraft upon it a
measure which the Constitution does give him
the right to veto, you have—what? You have
one provision that he cannot veto, and one that
lie can veto. Can such incongruity as that
have been contemplated by an orderly consti-
tution of government,? Will the honorable
Senator be kind enough to explain to me where
he finds his authority under the Constitution
for it?
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator asks me
whether I think this incongruous, I certainly
think it would be. If he asks me whether I
think it is good legislation to put together bills
that require a two-thirds vote and bills that
require only a majority vote, I say I do not ;
I say it is vicious legislation.
Mr. BAYARD, it is not the question of
your legislation.
Mr. ANTHONY. But if he asks me
whether we have a right to do it, whether the
parliamentary law allows us to do it, I have no
sort of question that we luive the right to do it.
Mr. BAYARD. You have the right to
ming'e up these two questions which the Con-
stitution of your country requires io be passed
through by different methods, by different
majorities, and then present to the President
of the United States a measure a part of
which is within his veto and a part of which
is not 1
Mr. ANTHONY. Have not disability bills
always been submitted to the President?
Mr. BAYARD. If they have been so sub-
mitted, there was no necessity for their being
submitted.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 think they will all be
found in the statute-hooks approved by the
President,
ilr. BAYARD. There was no necessity
for it. whatever, and f prc-uuno if the Presi-
dent's attention was called to it lie would re-
turn the bill or excuse his signature, as wus
done in a jirior ease.
Mr. AN niONY. For my own part I have
never been able to understand, and 1 have
talked witli much better parliamentarians than
myself who have never been able to explain
to me how it is, that under the last clause
of the seventh section of'tlie first article of the
Constitution any order, resolution, or vote
which requires the concurrence of the Senate
and House of Representatives, except in rela-
tion to an adjournment, can become valid with-
out being presented to the President. The
Senator smiles. Perhaps lie is going to en-
lighten me. i never hiive been enlightened on
that point. I do not believe we have a right
to pass a concurrent lesolution for the pilot-
ing of a document unless it is submitted to
and receives the assent, of the President.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 ask the honorable Sen-
ator whether his opinion embraces the action
of Congress under article five :
"The Congress, wheuever two thirds of both
Houses shatl deem it necessary. shall propose
amendments to this Constitution."
Mr. ANTHONY. The first amendment to
the Constitution that was ever proposed since
I have been in Congress was submitted to the
President and received his signature. The
question was raised here of the right of the
President to pass upon it, or of the duty of
Congress to send the proposition to him ; and
it was decided in this body, I think without
any division and without much discussion,
that it should not be sent to him, and on the
ground that as the objection of the President
could be overruled by a two-thirds vote, and
as a two-thirds vote had been given for the
proposition, it was unnecessary. Bur in my
opinion a resolution proposing an amendment
to the Constitution should be submitted to the
President; and I think the last clause in the
seventh section of the first article of the Con-
stitution cannot be fulfilled in any other way.
It is too plain for me to construe it or inter-
pret it away.
Mr. BAYARD. May I ask my honorable
friend, as a matter of history, whether his
judgment on this subject has not been re-
versed by the action of Congress, not only
before the thirteenth amendment, but since
the thirteenth amendment?
Mr. ANTHONY. Ithinkitwas. I under-
stand from Senators who are much better con-
versant with the history of constitutional law
than I am that it has been customary to send
to the State Department propositions ofamend-
ment to the Constitution without submitting
them to the President; and I know we con-
stantly pass upon what we call concurrent
resolutions, which require the assent of both
Houses, and do not submit them to the Pres-
ident; but I think that is a violation of that
clause of the Constitution.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, contempo-
raneous exposition of a law or of a constitu-
tion is always high authority in construction.
By common consent ever since March, 18G8,
when the fourteenth amendment went into
effect, every proposition to relieve from dis-
abilities under that amendment must take the
form of a bill and go to the President; show-
ing what was the general understanding, be-
cause if any member of either body had had
a different understanding, it would have been
suggested.
Then, so far as the constitutional provision
is concerned authorizing two thirds of each
House to propose amendments, by common
consent from the very start they were not to
be sent to the President. On the 10th of
September, 1789, during the first session of
the First Congress, ten amendments were sub-
mitted by Congress to the States for ratifica-
tion, and I am advised that those propositions
were not sent to the President; showing that
by common consent from the very first a prop-
osition to amend the Constitution need not
go to the President.. But, sir, the seventh
section of the first article provides that—
" Kvcry ordor, resolution, or vote to which the
coneurronco of the Senate and House of Represent-
atives uiuy bo necessary (except on a question of
udjounimeut) sluill be presented to the President.'
Now, if you turn to the fourteenth amend-
ment you find that is in the very language of
the other clause:
"But Congress may by a two-thirds vote of each
House roLuove such disability."
The other clause provides that every "vote,'
using the very word, which requires the con
curience of both Houses, shall be sent to tlie
Piesidcnt.
But, sir, there is another reason why the
position taken by the Senator from Illinois is
not true and cannot be maintained, and that
reason is to be found in the subject matter
and the very character of that provision which
authorizes Congress to propose amendments.
Any one at all familiar with the history of
the Constitution and the Convention of 1787,
knows that it was not the intention that the
Piesident of the United States should have
anything to do with proposing amendments to
the Constitution of the United States. The
discussions m that Convention show that it was
reserved to both Houses of Congress to pro-
pose amendments. To propose an amendment
is not to pass a bill, a resolution, or to make
a vote within the meaning of the seventh sec
tion of the first article. But it was understood,
and we can gather that from the section itself,
and the discussions in the Convention show,
that it was the distinct understanding that the
President was to have nothing at all to do with
proposing amendments to the Constitution
It is a mere proposal, and the States are to
vote. It is not in the nature of a resolution
or of a bill or of a vote, but it is a mere pro-
posal by Congress; and the subject-matter of
the section and the history of it as it passed
through the Convention clearly disclose the
fact that the President has nothing to do with
it. That has always been the understanding; f
and so far as this question is concerned in re- J
gard to the removal of disabilities, the under-
standing has always been just the other way.
The vote by two thirds is final; it is the dis- „
tinct action of Congress, and that is the end J
of it when it is signed by the President; but S
like every bill and every resolution it must go i|
to the President. It was so understood in the
beginning, and now more than four years after •/
the fourteenth amendment has gone into oper- *"
ation, and after we have passed hundreds of
bills that by common consent must take the
form of bills and must go to the President, the
question is raised that it need not be done by
bill at all, but by a simple vote, and need not
be signed by the President.
Mr. BAYARD. Do I understand as the
result of the Senator's argument that the
President of the United States can prevent
the removal of disabilities by his veto if"
two thirds of Congress have voted for their
removal ?
Mr. MORTON. He can, unless the bill is
again passed by a two-thirds vote afterward,
clearly, because "every order, resolution, or
vote to which the concurrence of the Senate
and House of Representatives may be neces-
sary (except on a question of adjournment)
shall be presented to the President." How
can you take this out from the operation of
that provision of the Constitution ? The char-
acter of the subject-matter does not do it.
The history of its passage will not do it. The
discussion at the lime upou it will not do it.
The understanding at the time will not do it.
The understanding at the time was the other
way. The practice has constantly been the
other way.
But when you come to that clause of the
Constitution authorizing Congress to present
amendments and the history of it, the under-
standing at the time was that so far as the
proposing of amendments was concerned the
President should have nothing to do with it;
and at the very first session of the First Con-
gress, when ten amendments were proposed to
the States, they were not sent to the Presi-
dent ; showing that the very men who made
the Constitution understood that from the
subject-matter and the character of it, such a
measure was not, to go to the President.
Mr. BAYARD. I expect the truth is that
in those days they were in the habit of consid-
ering the Constitution a good deal more than
has occurred of late, and theiefore were very
strict in regard to their action ; but I confess
I cannot see a great deal in the argument of
the honorable Senator from Indiana, ihat a
subject-matter must have a history before it
can receive construction. The contempora-
neous history of the pass ige of any law is ex-
ceedingly valuable m elucidating the great
matter of discovery, which is (he intention of
the Legislature. For that reason we have
been permitted by all jurists, consults, and
construers of law to go back and maintain the
historical account of what occurred at the
time, in order that we might understand the
spirit and meaning of the words used.
Congress has certainly been very unfortunate
in the language used in this fourteenth amend-
ment if it has not retained for itself, without
any regard to the President of the United
States or any other branch of the Government,
the complete control over this matter of we
removal of disabilities. The language is just
as plain, the delegation of power is just as
complete and unrestricted to Congress by the
third section of the fourteenth amendment to
remove these political disabilities as it is by
the fifth article of the Constitution to propose
amendments. The language used is almost
identical: and the honorable Senator cannot
•i
point to one word that gives an increase
of
power to Congress, or gives a less_ restricted v
grant of power to Congress in the fifth ar''?« w
of the Constitution than is given by the third
section of the fourteenth, article of amend-
