4082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
Mr..WRIGHT. Mr. President, I add to
what has been said by the Senator from Indi-
ana, that if it is right to remit it is right to
pay back ; if it is right to pay back for one
year, so it is for every year, because the tax
for this year that has been paid is no more
unjust, if unjust at all, than for the preceding
years; and if this Government is to stand
now and pay from its Treasury the tax that
has been collected for the past year, so for
every year, for if one dollar is unjust it is all
unjust.
Mr. President, I confess my astonishment
that at this time in the night, when we have
worked so faithfully and diligently for the per-
fection of this bill, a proposition should be
made t-liat will strike the country with aston-
ishment ; and I say here that if this proposi-
tion is to be carried and we are to remit the
tax and pay back the tax for the past year, I
propose to follow it up, to pay it back for the
preceding years; and if Senators are determ-
ined to load down this bill in this way I am
prepared to vote against the entire bill. I
would rather go before the country with that
vote than to go before the country with a vote
determining to remit the income tax and to
repay the $15,000,000 we have collected. Look
at the vote we have given upon the proposition
to remit and not to collect. The proposition
was carried here with four out of five of the
men in this country having paid their income
tax, and we here, as Senators in the Congress
of the United States in the discharge of solemn
duties, saying that we will remit what has not
been paid and hold on to what we have paid.
I trust the Senate of the United States will
not be guilty of so great a folly, nor go to
the people of the country with such an act and
such a vote.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. President, I do not
know whether I have any speech to make
or not, but I feel inclined to say something
in reference to this question. If we agree
to repeal this income tax it is only in the
direction we have been going in one or two
instances; that is, to take taxes off the rich
and put them on the poor. We have had a
striking example of this in two votes, and I
want to describe it. On the vote to take the
tax off the best tobacco from thirty-two cents
to twenty-four, the proposition had every Dem-
ocratic vote in this Senate except one, every
southern Republican vote, the votes of New
Jersey and Connecticut, and one from New
York. That was the vote which reduced the
tax on the best tobacco. For increasing the
tax from sixteen to twenty-four cents on the
poor man's tobacco we had the vote of every
Democrat except one, every southern Repub-
lican, and of the Senators from New Jersey,
Connecticut, and New York, making eight
Republicans from the North. The solid L>ern-
ociatic vole was given to take the tax off the
best quality and raise it on the poorest.
That is the way we have been going. It
looks to me more like a political vote than
any vote I have seen in the Senate since I
came into it, a solid South, a divided North,
in reference to the reduction of the tax for the
rich man and increasing it on the poor man.
You may think this is political, but it is not.
I do not mean it as such, I merely say what I
do say to call the attention of the people of
the West to this particular vote. I ask them
to notice it and see what it means.
I am ready to vote for the bill that has been
agreed on now and vote down all amendments.
I want to see the bill pass, and I want to see
these amendments kept off, because I believe
myself incumbering this bill is its defeat,
and I do not want to see the people deceived.
Mr. MORTON. You have been trying to
amend it yourself.
Mr. LOGAN. I have been trying to reduce
taxes. Every amendment I have offered has
been to do that, and I am willing to vote to do
that still, but I say now that as far as this in-
come tax is concerned, I want to vote against
these amendments and to pass the bill. It does
not agree with my notions in some particulars,
but I am ready to do it, for I think it our duty
to reduce taxation and pass this bill. That is
my notion. I think it is the best policy for us
to adopt.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. HAMILTON of Maryland. We are
just about taking the vote on this question.
Mr. ANTHONY. No, we are not near a
vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
adjourn is not debatable.
The motion was not agreed, to; there being
on a division—ayes, 17, noes 33.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Indiana——
Mr. COLE. The Senator from New York
has spoken more than once, I think, on this
question.
The VICE "PRESIDENT. This is now a
different amendment. This is the amendment
offered by the Senator from Maine, proposing
to remit the income tax for the year 1871
which has been already paid. The Senator
from New York is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Indi-
ana has seen fit to put on the record an asser-
tion which I am not willing to allow to pass
unchallenged. He says, if I understand him
aright, that it was intended by supporting this
amendment to defeat the bill.
Mr. MORTON. I said the country would
so understand, and I think it will.
Mr. CONKLING. Did not the Senator say
he understood it so?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, I rather understood
it so myself. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONKLING. Precisely. Then I was
right in my interpretation of the Senator's
remark. He states, then, that he understands
that the object is, that it is intended, in his
words, to do so and so. That speaks the mo-
tive, and there used to be a good deal in the
parliamentary law in reference to the motives
of people and the impropriety of calling them
in question. Now, I say to my friend from
Indiana that he has no right to say that.
There are several objections to it. In the first
place, it is not true in fact. In the next place,
1 submit to him that the proceeding wears no
aspect which warrants him in putting any such
construction upon it.
I have supported this amendment, and no
Senator is more anxious than I am to pass
this bill in proper form and to dismiss as
many taxes as our duty will allow us to dis-
miss. 1 think I have devoted as many hours
to that business as any member of this body
not a member of the Finance Committee.
Therefore, I say to the Senator in all kind-
ness that he does me great injustice when he
makes a remark of that sort. I believe the
income tax to be one of the most onerous and
one of the most pernicious on the statute-
book, and this Senate has voted repeatedly
that it was one of the taxes especially to be
stricken down. We have passed bills to abolish
it when it stood by itself, and bills to abolish
it when it was associated with the internal rev-
enue and the tariff system. I think it ought
to be abolished, and, therefore, I have voted
for the proposition, but not to defeat the bill
at all.
But my honorable friend from Iowa makes
a suggestion entirely novel to me. He says if
we refund the income tax for the year which
has passed we ought to refund it for preceding
years. Why, Mr. President, the whole argu-
ment proceeds upon the fact that the original
income tax was to exist until a certain speci-
fied time and no longer. When that time had
passed it was said with great force, as I thought,
that the perpetuation of it was an act of at
least apparent bad faith. The Senator en-
tirely ignores that. Certainly there will be no
paying back for preceding years unless the
court shall some time or other decide that this
is a direct tax and unconstitutional because not
laid as a direct tax.
Mr. WRIGHT. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him ?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir.
Mr. WRIGHT The tax when first levied
was either just or unjust. The Congress of
the United States determined that it was just.
When the Congress of the United States de-
termined to continue it in the same spirit it
determined that it was still just.
Mr. CONKLING. The answer to my hon-
orable friend is, that it was not unjust unless
it was unconstitutional, in the sense in which
I am talking now. Why? Because it was laid
to continue for a certain term and no longer.
When that term expired the argument was and
is that it was unjust to extend it beyond that.
That is the answer ; and I submit to my hon-
orable friend that it is a complete answer, and
no argument could be made for refunding it in
past years unless the courtshall say that it was
a direct tax and unconstitutional for that
reason.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi
dent, I am quite Surprised to hear the Sen-
ator from New York contend that there
was any public faith pledged that this tax was
not to continue any longer than the time
specified when it was first enacted. It was an
experiment when it was first enacted, and it
was no more a pledge of the public faith in
relation to it than it is when we pass an act
that agricultural implements shall be admitted,
say, for two years and no longer. Every single
session we pass acts limiting the time of their
duration, and yet we continue them afterward
and without any violation of public faith.
Now, in relation to the action of the Senate
to-night I do not desire to criticise the course
of Senators, but I say to them that this tax,
call it onerous if you please, is as just a tax as
ever was invented by the wit of man. In rela-
tion to its popularity Senators are very much
deceived if they suppose they are doing an act
which will commend them to the people of this
country by its denunciation and by refunding
the last year's payment. The tax throughout
all the rural districts and with the common
people is eminently a popular tax, and Sena-
tors will be held to a sharper criticism for their
action upon this question to-night than for any
act of this session. That is my candid judg-
ment.
Mr. MORTON. Is it in order for me to
withdraw my amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is now
amended. It cannot be withdrawn except
by unanimous consent.
Mr. MORTON. I prefer to withdraw it
rather than have it made a vehicle for an
attempt to defeat this bill.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the Senator from Indiana withdraw-
ing his amendment? ["No!" "No!"] The
Chair hears no objection, and it is with-
drawn.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I move an amendment
on page 27, after line three hundred and thirty-
four, of section [six] five, to insert:
Licorieo extracts, stick, mess, or paste.
These are put on the free list by the House
and stricken out by the Senate committee, so
that a tariff will be levied on them. I think the
revenue will be benefited and you will receive
more money by puttmgthem on the free list
than by retaining the tariff upon them in this
way. The amount they yield is about two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars a year.
Ninety-nine one hundredths of the licorice used
in the United States is foreign licorice. A
large amoimtoftobacco goes from this country
to be maufactured. If the licorice was here
the tobacco would be manufactured here. In
that way you will get the revenue upon the
tobacco and encouiage that domestic produc-
tion to that extent. I believe, therefore, the
revenue will be profited instead of injured by
putting these articles on the free list.
