1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
408S
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I beg leave to say
tbat licorice stick is a raw material imported
without any duty, but there have several es-
tablishments been built up in this country
which take that as a raw material, extract the
juice from it, and make a valuable article. To
strike this item out of the bill strikes down
that interest. I hope it will not be done.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope at
this hour of the night we shall not have any
question like this that has been fully considered
by the Finance Committee brought up. The
revenue is thought a proper one to be saved for
the Government. In addition to that the
parties who use this article in the manufacture
of tobacco make a profit of from twelve to
twenty cents for every pound they take, and
under the circumstances I trust it will not
be adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from Virginia, to add "licorice" to the free
list.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 25, noes 24.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask for the
yeas and nays.
Several Senators. No, no.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly I
will.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I simply wish
to say  
Mr. MORTON. Will it be in order toamend
this proposition?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be after
the Senator from New Jersey has concluded.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will state
that if tliis amendment is not adopted I
believe the Senator from Illinois has an amend-
ment, or if he has not I will offer one, to place
licorice on the list where it shall be subject to
the ten per cent, reduction.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I was only going
to say that there are a number of factoiies
that have recently sprung up in this country;
there is one in my town where §100,000 has
been invested within the last year to manu-
facture this licorice ; and now to place the arti-
cle upon the free list will be perfect ruin to all
these establishments.
Mr. JOHNSTON. Iagree to the proposition
to put it on the ten per cent. list.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Virginia withdraws the amendment on condi-
tion that the article be put on the ten per cent,
reduction. Does the Senator from Connecti-
cut object?
Mr.'BUCKINGHAM. I consent to that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I send up an
amendment to be inserted on page 7, after
line sixty-eight of section four, which leaves
the duty at ninety per cent, of what it was.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that amendment will be regarded as
agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. What is it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. To put licorice
in the ten per cent, reduction.
Mr. SHERMAN. It ought to be licorice
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the amendment be
reported.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
insert on page 7, after line sixty-eight, "and
on licorice paste or licorice juice."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amend-
ment is agreed to by general consent.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I desire
to offer an amendment to come in on page
75, line forty-four of section [twenty-three]
twenty-one, after the word "repealed." It is
approved by the chairman of the Committee on
Finance and also other members of that com-
mittee. I will read it :
And provided, That where any mortgage has been
executed and recorded, or maybe executed and
recordod beforo the 1st day of October, A. D. 18(4
to secure the payment of bonds or obligations that
may be made and issued from time to time, and such
mortgage not being stamped, all sueh bonds or obli-
gations so made and issued on and after the said 1st
day of October, A. D. 1872, shall not be subject to
any stamp duty, but only such of their bonds or
obligations as may have been made and issued before
the day last aforesaid.
Mr. MORTON. That is right.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Ought not this
to come in at the end of the section, as it
seems separate ?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. No, sir;
it is in reference to stamps.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I now
offer another amendment in reference to
stamped instruments, to follow the one just
adopted, which I will read:
And provided further, That in the mean time the
holder of any instrument of writing, of whatever kind
and description, which has been made or issued
without being duly stamped, or with a defunct
stamp, may make application to any collector ol
internal revenue, and that upon such application
such collector shall thereupon affix tho stamp pro-
vided by such holder upon such instrument ot writ-
ingas required by law to be put upon the same, and
subject to the provisions of section one hundred and
fifty-eight of tile internal revenue laws.
This has also been examined and appears
to be concurred in by the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move to amend
the bill on page 4, alter line eighty-one of
section one, by inserting :
On cotton shirts and drawers and all cotton hosiery
and gloves fabricated by knitting, or from knit goods,
twenty cents per pound in addition to the dutios
now imposed by law.
I beg leave to make a very brief statement
in regard to this amendment. There is
machinery in operation in this country making
cotton knitting. The most of that machinery
is imported, on which a duty has been paid.
That knitting is produced and sold by the
square yard or by the pound. There is on
that levied by law now a duty, if 1 mistake
not, of thirty-five per cent., and this proposes
to take off ten per cent, of that, to which there
is no objection, so that the article is protected
in the cloth. But there has sprung up, m
addition to that, a manufacturing interest
which advances the value of that article.
Labor is put to it. It is taken and made into
goods, into wearing apparel, shirrs, drawers,
and stockings. But the shirts, drawers, and
stockings that are made abroad are admitted
on the same basis or under the same tariff that
the article is admitted before it is made up.
The cost of labor in making it up is thirty-
three per cent.
It is the policy of the Government, and has
been, to lay a duty for the purpose of protect-
ing labor; and when you bring an article up
to a certain value, and you increase the value
by the addition of labor, you increase the duty.
That is done in regard to iron. You lay a tax
of seven dollars a ton on pig iron.^ When you
add to it the value of labor to put it into another
material and make it wrought iron, you make
the duty fourteen dollars a ton, and so on up
to twenty dollars. When you add still further
value to it by additional labor and make it into
steel, you impose a duty of twenty-five dollars
a ton, and from that up to seventy-five dollars.
So in regard to cotton goods; you lay a cer-
tain duty on them; but when you put in your
yarn and make an additional value to it by
putting additional labor on it, as a double
twist, for instance, then you put an additional
duty often cents per pound and ten per cent.
ad valorem; and as you go oil increasing the
value of it you increase the tariff. I ask that
you shall adopt the same principle in regard
to this article, that you shall add to the duty
on the value of the goods as they are produced
from the fabric into ready-made goods.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I have another
amendment to offer. It is on page 70, sec-
tion [twenty-four] twenty-two, lme nineteen,
to strike out all the section after the word
"firm" and to insert:
And all deposits in associations known as prov-
ident associations, savings banks, savings societies,
savings institutions, having no capital stock, and
doing no other business than receiving deposits to
be loaned or invested for the benefit of the persons
making sueh deposits, shall be exempt from tax.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for the reading of
the clause that is stricken out. The Senator,
I suppose, wishes to repeal the tax on savings
banks.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. That will be the
effect.
Mr. SHERMAN. The section provides for
repealing all taxes on deposits not exceeding
$2,000 to each person.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The object of this
section appears to be to relieve certain de-
positors from taxation, and it goes upon the
ground that if a person has up to a certain
amount, $2,000, he has not enough to be
taxed. I will say that the object is not at-
tained, for if any man or woman has more
than $2,000, it is very easy to put it in the
name of a friend or another member of the
family.
Mr. CONKLING. Or deposit it in another
bank.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Yes; but it seems
to me when the accumulation of wages is such
that the parties owning the money want to put
it into bank and place it in the hands of other
persons to loan, because they do not feel
competent to make the loan, and that loan is
merely made for the accommodation of the
depositor without any reward on the part of the
director who makes the loan, it is perfectly
right and reasonable that it should be free
from taxation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Con-
necticut.
The amendment was rejected ; there being
on a division—ayes 20. noes 27.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move further to
amend the bill on page 5, line fifteen, of sec-
tion two, by inserting after the word " ani-
mals" the following proviso:
Provided. That the duty on felt carpets and felt
crumb-cloths shall be the same as on druggets.
I hold in my hand two articles very similar
under different names. This one [exhibiting
it,] is subject to a tax of a certain amount, and
this one, [exhibiting it] the-better article, at a
much less rate. I ask that they be placed on
the same list, and that is done by inserting the
amendment that I have presented.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think myself these two
articles ought to be equalized, but I should
like to see the example set for once of having
them equalized to the lower grade. We exam-
ined this matter before the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is in the
ten per cent, section.
Mr. SHERMAN. I propose just to reverse
the amendment. I want to grade down instead
of grading up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Sen-
ator indicate his amendment, as he is more
familiar with it than the Secretary or the
Chair?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Before you reduce
or attempt to reduce the tariff on either, I beg
leave to say that 1 have a memorandum con-
nected with this matter showing that the duty
on the wool in a square yard of this article is
thirty cents.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend the
amendment so as to make it read :
Provided, That the duty on druggets shall be the
same as the duty on felt carpets.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio moves to amend the amendment
by reversing it so that the duty on druggets
shall be the same as on felt carpets.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I hope that will not
be done.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question
