1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
447
42d Gong....2d Sess.
Mines and Mining—Mr. Kendall.
Ho. of Reps.
Mines and Mining.
SPEECH OF HON. C. W. KENDALL,
of nevada,
In the House of Representatives,
May 20,1872.
Mr. KENDALL. Mr. Speaker, with the
kind indulgence of the House, I desire to plead
the great leading interest of the new West—
of my own State; of her mines and mining
industries—their wants and necessities; and
of her vast undeveloped mineral and metallic
■wealth. To represent adequately that interest
is worthy of the ambition of any one, and is
more than I presume to do. It will be enough
for me if I succeed in gaining the attention
and drawing to my aid the counsel of able and
experienced gentlemen on both sides of this
Hall, whose confidence and friendship I prize.
When we cousider what the boundaries of
this country were at the close of the revolu-
tionary war, and contrast them with what they
are now, the mind is filled with wonder at the
increase of our territory and its attendant re-
sults. Under the treaty with France iu 1803
we acquired an immense tract of country,
including all our possessions between the Mis-
sissippi river and the Pacific ocean, except-
ing such portions as were then occupied by
Spain. It was purchased by President Jeffer-
son for the inconsiderable sum of between
eleven and twelve million dollars, with the
assumption on the part of the United States
of a number of claims against France. It was
then a country almost unknown. Mr. Jeffer-
son doubted the constitutionality of the acqui-
sition, but regarded it as necessary for our
national protection.
In 1819 our boundaries were enlarged by
the purchase of the Floridas from Spain. _ In
1845 Texas was admitted into the Union.
The war with Mexico gave us California and
other territory ; and the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo, and arrangements thereunder, still
further added to our national domain the
then terra incognita which was called the
" Great Desert," and which was supposed to
be valueless and unfitted for human habita-
tion. Mean while the Oregon boundary was
fixed and the title to Indian lands acquired.
Here, then, we had an area of country
larger than our necessities demanded and
requiring large expenditures to maintain com-
munication between its widely remote sections.
But, sir, unknown at that time to our wisest
statesmen, we were richer in our wealth of
the mine than any other nation of the earth.
Gold, to a limited extent, had been found in
some of the southern States; and iron and
copper had in other sections been discovered
and utilized. Then, like the beginning of a
new eia iu human progress, came the discov-
ery of gold in California.
The accounts that came to us during that
eventful time from the placers of the Sacra-
mento, the Rio de las Plumas, and the Moke-
lumne, seemed like the fables of eastern
story. Yet they were more than realized.
Gold, in quantities beyond all precedent in
history, was found everywhere; and the metal
itself, in dust, ingots and bars, soon found its
way to the great commercial marts of the
world, and gave convincing proof, and set in
motion the great western migration of 1850.
Unthoughtful of the dangers of the journey
thither, by sea, by land, from all parts of our
own country and from every portion of the
Christian and heathen world, they scale the
snowy mountains, or whiten the Golden Gate
with their sails, and swarm along the banks
of the innumerable rivers and ravines and mys-
terious recesses of a land that, in those earlier
times and in the heyday of youthful and roman-
tic ardor, seemed almost enchanted.
Those who crossed the great mountain ranges
and intervening deserts, in their eagerness to
reach El Dorado, little dreamed of the wealth
over which they painfully held their way,—
little dreamed that this wide wilderness would
so soon be known as the treasure box of the
nation. They pushed on to California, mark-
ing with their loot-prints deposits of the pre-
cious metals, exhaustless for centuries.
Reaching their destination, those hardy ad-
venturers impatiently commenced their toil.
The detritus from the mountain sides, which had
washed down by the action of the elements,
afforded a comparatively easy means to acquire
the coveted treasure. N o costly machinery was
required. Nothing but the pick and shovel
and pan was necessary to gather the golden
grain from the alluvial earth. As population
increased speculation became rife, and many of
the miners, in search of better fortune, left the
ravines and ascended to the mountains, and
there found the original matrix of gold in the
numberless veins of quartz that intersect and
seam the entire country. Itsoou became evi-
dent to the observing and thinking portion of
the miners that in these auriferous veins was
contained the source of all that treasure of
which the placers were only the accidental and
irregular product. Accordingly they com-
menced the attempt to work them ; but they
soon found that it was an undertaking more
difficult than they had supposed, and that it
required a considerable outlay of capital to
procure the machinery necessary for mining
and reducing the ore. In many instances,
however, the quartz lodes proved remunera-
tive even in the days of high prices for labor,
machinery, and supplies of every kind. But
a lack of capital incident to all new countries
long prevented a fair development of this
source of wealth.
Such, in brief, were the course and condition
of mining upon the Pacific slope up to the
year 1850, when the tide of eager adventurers,
like a returning wave, invaded the remotest
recesses of the Sierras;^ and, recrQSsing that
barrier, now flows resistless over hill and
plain and silvery mountain topi
The great Comstock lode was discovered !
The miners who had been washing for gold in
one of the ravines found a place immensely
rich in the precious deposit intermixed with a
sort of black sand of very great specilic gravity,
which was wiLh difficulty washed out and sep-
arated from the gold. They at first regarded
this black sand as a serious obstacle to their
operations until they were told by a Mexican
who happened to be passing along that
the black, unsightly "sand," when carefully
cleaned of foreign matter, was nearly pure
silver! Then some of it was eagerly regath-
ered, and, to their astonishment, a chemical
assay showed it to be worth five thousand dol-
lars a ton. Work was resumed in earnest;
and very soon, in following up and washing the
detritus of this ravine, the Comstock lode was
found—by far the greatest and richest silver
deposit in the world.
The first forty tons of ore taken from the
first " claim " which, as may be supposed, was
immediately located, were sent, packed on the
backs of mules, across the Sierra Nevada
mountains to San Francisco, and there re-
duced by smelting. The yield was $160,000,
or §4,000 per ton. This was, probably, the
richest body of ore, of like quantity, that has
ever been takeu from the mines of that cele-
brated lode. The exhibition of the silver bars,
the productof this wonderful consignment, cre-
ated an intense excitement among the adven-
turous and excitable population of California;
and soon crowds of eager prospectors poured
across the intervening mountains. It was
found that the great lode extended over four
miles in length, and was from one hundred to
three hundred feet in width. Inclines, tunnels
and shafts were speedily commenced and sunk,
and as they progressed in depth machinery
was ereated for hoisting the ore and pumping
out the water, which from the first has been a
most serious obstacle. With the increased
depth of the workings the difficulties increased.
One engine after another was crected; and
eight years after the discovery of the lode,
fifiy-four large and most expensive steam
engines were employed in raising the water
and ore from those .mines. The heat, in pen-
etrating the crust of the earth, increased so
rapidly that the thermometer at the depth of
a thousand fpet stood as high as one hundred
and twelve degrees 1 But in the mean time
these mines have been pouring out their treas-
ure at the rate of $15,000,000 per annum,—
the total yield to this date being given at
$125,000,000.
Mining for the precious metalsin the United
States had up to this time been only, of a
superficial character. But now, for the first
time, the difficulties inseparable from deep
mining presented themselves most formidably;
and the question was asked,but not answered,
at what depth would it be practicable or profit-
able to work and extract the ores from this
great lode.
Stimulated by the great yield of these mines,
prospectors have spread all over the terri-
tory lying between the Sierra Nevada and
the llocky mountains, and new discoveries
have been made in every outlying quarter—
in Idaho, and Dakota, and Montana, aud
Wyoming, and Utah, and Colorado, and Ari-
zona, and New Mexico—a vast and wonderful
country, a rising power and coming empire
such as no history records and no king ever
imagined. The explorations already made
furnish conclusive evidence that we possess
greater mineral and metallic resources than
any other nation on the face of the earth.
A great want of this wide region is capital
and the means to open and develop the treas-
ures which lie hidden in the earth.
This mining interest must appear to every
reflecting mind of immense importance to the
equal prosperity of different parts of the Union.
This interest adequately developed, an unlim-
ited market is created for the agricultural pro-
ducts and manufactures of the extreme West
and of the whole East.
One of the greatest drawbacks in these
mining operations, thus far, is the irregular ^
and unsystematic manner in which the mines
have been worked. The question of the ex-
tent aud continuity at great depth of these
metal-bearing lodes has not been yet practically
answered. Scientific men believe that these ore
deposits extend down indefinitely. _ The ex-
perienced and practical miner, delving daily
in the earth, has no doubt about the matter.
But capital, always wary and timid, does not
enter readily upon unproved ground.
What we now want is—
First. A demonstration that our metal-bear-
ing lodes extend to the greatest depth ; aud
Second. Reduction works, on the best and
most approved plan, for reducing and econo-
mizing the lower grade ores, in which princi-
pally consists the wealth of all mines of the pre-
cious metal.
The difficulties, increasing from the first, of
working the Comstock lode suggested several
years since the construction ot an adit level
which would facilitate mining operations by
creating au outlet for the water at a depth of
two thousand feet, and wouid also furnish
a new starting point aud base of operations for
still deeper work and explorations. This adit,
known as the Sntro tunnel, has been run for a
distance of more than half a mile; but three
miles and a half still remain to be completed,
besides a branch of three additional miles.
This is an undertaking of such magnitude that
private capital shrinks from it.
