2292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
soldiers are away out on the borders of civil-
ization mingling with the frontier civilization,
and in the Indian country especially there are
great temptations to squander their money,
and when the money is spent the men are apt
to leave.
The purpose of this bill is not to increase
the pay ; it puts it where it was and where it
stood from 1863 until last July, but reserves
the difference between that and the sum now
paid in the hands of the Government. They
enlist for thirteen dollars for the first and
second year; the third year they get fourteen
dollars, then fifteen dollars, and the last year
they get sixteen dollars a month, and all over
thirteen dollars is held by the Government
until their final discharge.
Mr. NYE. I wish to ask my friend from
Massachusetts if he supposes the increase of
a dollar a month is going to prevent a soldier
deserting and going to the mines when he can-
not get the dollar under four or five years?
Mr. WILSON. I do not think in all cases
it would; but there arc maijy parts of the
country where there are no tempting mines.
Nevada does not extend everywhere with its
rich and tempting mines.
Mr. NYE. The honorable Senator told us
the object of this was to kee£> the soldiers on
the frontier from deserting. Now, I want to
tell my friend something that I know, that the
soldier there does not count a dollar a month
worth the snap of his finger. It is no sort of
inducement to him to stay. You have to ap-
peal to a stronger motive than that. My own
judgment is that as long as you keep tamper-
ing with this pay, next year the soldiers will
say they will desert if you do not give them
twenty dollars. They have pretty good wages
for a man that is found everything. It is
higher wages than the people average in New
England, and 1 do not believe the increase will
do anything but create a sort of crazy, uncer-
tain fund in the hands of the Government
that will be the subject of trouble hereafter,
tf you want to give the soldiers twenty dollars
a month, say so and let them have the benefit
of it. l)o not let the Government stand as
their guardian in a pecuniary sense.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that the
temptations to which the Senator from Nevada
refers exist to a great extent, especially in the
region of the mines, where it is believed that
lfie effect of this bill will bo to retain men in
the service. The present Paymaster General
of the Army, who has served a great many
years on the frontiers and on the Pacific coast,
who has had a very large experience, regards
the bill as of very great importance, it has
the indorsement of the War Departmeat, who
believe that it will be a good measure for the
Government. My own opinion is that it will do
good, that it will have a tendency to make our
.Army what we all would like to see it, to
make it a better Army morally; that it will
give us men in it who will take care of their
money, and it will encourage them to do it.
We increase their pay, reserving, withholding
the increased amount, and pay them interest
for whatever they deposit with the Govern-
ment. I think the effect of it will be good.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If I may be pardoned
for speaking on military subjects, as I have
recently been condemned for doing by the
Senate, I think—I wish to be rather modest
about it—that the proposition of my friend
from Massachusetts is a very philosophical
and just one, and I assume that his bill is just
to do that .thing. Certainly, if pay is any
object to a soldier at all, if that has anything
to do with his enlistment, then an increase of
pay by any appreciable amount, by one tenth
or one thirteenth, or one fifteenth, will have
us additional force; and if you accumulate
this pay, if you enlist the soldier at thirteen
dollars a month, and at the end of the year
give him one dollar more, and that goes on
for two or three years, so that he will have
quite a little fund, it will be a surety for his
good behavior and for his continuance. I
believe in it.
It is really on the principle of paying him
for better service when you look at it from the
Government side of view, to say nothing of its
inducement to him to stay in, because the
longer he stays the more service he can do to
the Government. There is no question about
that; and I would suggest to the Committee
on Military Affairs and to my friend from
Nevada that perhaps we could improve upon
this by providing that in addition he should
have a public park at San Fraacisco, or some-
where, and should have a land grant wherever
there was an odd section in addition to that
when he was on the frontier, and a mine if he
was in Nevada, and in that way we might dis-
pose of all the public property we have on this
one bill, and save ourselves the trouble of pass-
ing any bills about any other of the property of
the United States, and then tell the creditors
and tax-payers to settle the rest of the question
according to their own notion; we should have
no more to do with it.
But while I am up I wish, to call the Sen-
ate to witness that it is a very bad plan indeed
to have days set apart for the consideration of
the business of particular committees. I do
not speak of this one, becauso this is no more
objectionablethananyother, perhaps less so. It,
is objectionable for the reason that you cannot
keep a quorum here to attend to business, and
the consequence is that bills are not diacussed
and considered, because often gentlemen not
on tlio committee from which a bill comes
can make inquiries and suggest difficulties that
lead to the elimination of truth and the pro-
duction of it so that we can act intelligibly.
Whenever at this session we have set apart a
day to the business of any committee, what-
ever it inay have been, we have found here
only thirty-seven or forty Senators, just enough
to tide over the sand-bar of the Constitu-
tion, which says that you cannot go on without
that number, which is necessary for a quorum;
and the consequence is that everything
passes. I do not mean to say that every-
thing is wrong, but I say that matters which
ought to have discussion and mature con-
sideration, and ought to have opposition, in
order that we may find by a free interchange
of opinions and doubts and difficulties what
the wise course is, go through without that
consideration which they should receive, and
those of us who t ry to stay and raise difficul-
ties, (not for the purpose of captious opposi-
tion, but in order that we may understand
what we are about,) find ourselves swamped
by the fact that there is nobody here to hear.
The benches are empty, and when you come
to a vote, Senators run in, and of course, just
as I should do, vote with the committee. We
lose the benefit of discussion, and really we
do not get any more business done at the end
of the week in this way than in the other. You
can only discuss and passjust so manv bills in
a given time, if you treat them well." There-
fore, if we would take up the business of the
Senate, not of any particular committee, but
according to the order of the Calendar, as the
old-time way was, and go from bill to bill,
every Senator interested in the welfare of his
constituents, and in the particular measures
that he has in charge, would of course be in
attendance, because the measure that he has
in charge and which he can explain comes up
next, and so on.
Of course it is not my business to lecture the
Senate. I only wish, as an individual mem-
ber, to put in the protest that I make now
against this method of doing business, and to
promise myself that I shall vote against it
hereafter. But to return to this precise ques-
tion, I am bound to say that I think this
measure, as explained by the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, has justice
and wisdom in it.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to express my con-
currence in the principle of this bill. I believe
it will have a salutary effect upon the Army,
and I believe it is just and right in itself. It
presents to the soldier an inducement to pro-
motion and to do his duty. It treats him as
if he was amenable to good considerations.
But there is one other thing about it. I am
advised that the soldiers of the regular Army,
as a general thing, expend their wages from
month to month or from quarter to quarter as
they are paid, and that after having been in
the Army three years or six years they gen-
erally leave it penniless, leave it without busi-
ness, without prospects in life, without money
to travel or to set up any kind of business with.
Life in the regular Army as a common soldier
is dreary and monotonous. There are great
temptations to dissipation, to pass off and kill
the time, and very few of them save anything.
Now, if there can be such an arrangement
that at the end of the term of service there
will be a fund of fifty, or one hundred, or one
hundred and fifty dollars, it will be an encour-
agement for him to remain and do his duty,
give him some little thing to start in life with,-
be an encouragement to him to continue a
sober, temperate man, and not give himself ,
up to despondency or to vice. It seems to me
upon every principle that this bill ought to
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. President, the remarks
of the Senator from Vermont in relation to
days being set apart for special committees
struck me, aa coming from that Senator, as
entirely proper; but it occurred to me that if
the chairman of the Committee on Pensions
had not by the courtesy of the Senate or by
some rule whenever he reports a bill to the
Senate had an opportunity to pass it at once
when the report is made, he would be in a
little different condition at present, and would
want a day for his committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I certainly would not
ask it unless the Senate decided that that was
the way to do business,
Mr. CRAGIN. I have been in the Senate
about seven years, or a little more, and the
committees upon which I have acted have
labored faithfully and zealously, and found
themselves generally at the close of tho ses-
sion with their bills unacted upon ; and, unless
there is some mode in which committees can
get their business before the Senate for action
one way or the other, I think that the commit-
tees had better at the beginning of the session
conclude that it is no use to attempt to do any
business, and save themselves the vast labor
and work of preparing bills and making
reports.
To my mind this system is a good one. I
think that every committee in this body should
have a day some time during the session, and
I have risen now to enter my protest, because
in a few days I propose to ask that the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs may have a day or
part of a day, an hour this session, to present
a few of its bills to this body.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. _ The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
athird reading, read the third time, and passed
•TOIIN EOYER.
Mr. BLAIR. This morning I reported a
bill from the Committee on Private Land Claims
in reference to an error in the entry of a tract
of land. A person in my State entered a tract
of land and it was patented to him by a wrong
number,and the Commissionerof the General
Land Office reports favorably to the passage
of the bill. It is the case of Mr. Boyer. I
move to take up that bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as m Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1720) to confirm
the title of John Boyer to certain lands therein
described. It proposes to confirm the title
