3188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8, i
Mr. SHERMAN. I think I have not vio-
lated the rule.
Mr. BLATR. I ask the opinion of the Chair
in regard to that. I ask the Chair if the Sen-
ator from Ohio is not violating the rule in
referring to the action of the House of Rep-
resentatives upon a bill pending before them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the question is a pretty close one, but
that the line of remark of the Senator from
Ohio so far is hardly objectionable to the
rule. „
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator from Mis-
souri had waited a moment he would have
seen that I am not discussing the action of the
House at all. I am simply discussing a fact
shown by the records of the House, and a
public fact shown by history. I can discuss
it, as any other citizen may.
Mr. BLAIR. I submit that the _ Senator
has reflected on the action of a minority of the
members of the House and their refractory
conduct in preventing a vote being taken on
a bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I said nothing about
"refractory conduct." I did not call in ques-
tion their motives.
Mr. BLAIR. I cannot be mistaken in the
fact that the Senator from Ohio stated that a
minority in the House had prevented a vote
being taken upon a particular bill, and that he
desired to take some course of action hero
■which would compel them to act upon the civil
rights bill.
Mr. .SHERMAN. To secure a vote.
Mr. BLAIR. 1 submit that it is notin order
to refer to the House of Representatives, and
the action of a portion of the House of Repre-
sentatives in the manner in which the Senator
from Ohio lias done it. 1 submit, to the Chair
whether it is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the remarks are not strictly in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 am not calling inques-
tion thi" action of the House, or of any mem-
ber of tin- House, or reflecting on them ill the
language of the rule. 1 simply state a histor-
ical tact known to us, shown by our reeoids,
thai a hill similar to the proposition now
oil', red has been pending in the IIouhr ; that
thus far, on several votes that have been
taken, it appears that a majority of the House
is in favor of taking up the bill. That is a
matter of fact which I can refer to, and that a
minority ot the ILiuse have been able thus far
under the parliamentary rules of the House to
defeat a vote on that bill. The fact is a mat-
ter of notoriety and is a fact of history that I
may properly allude to, that though several
efforts have been made in the House which
have indicated and proved that a majority of
the House are desirous to take up and pass a
certain bill, yet thtiH far under the rulesofl.be
House a minority have been able, as they
have the right to do, to prevent a vote on that
biU.
Now, with my conviction that the civil rights
bill and the amnesty bill ought to go together,
ought both to pass, both being kindred in
character, although somewhat dissimilar in
their parliamentary form, all I desire to secure
is a fair vote in the House on the subject-
matter of the bill proposed by the Senator
from Massachusetts. If that is done, and a
majority of the House are opposed to the bill,
then I am in favor of passing an amnesty bill
separate and distinct, because I would not
force the majority of the House to adopt a
civil rights bill in order to secure an amnesty
bill; but 1 would certainly, if I could, force
a minority to allow a fair vote on the civil
rights bill before I would vote for the amnesty
bill, because these two bills, in my judgment,
ought to go together.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks, as the question has been raised, it is
the duty of the Chair to rule that this line of
remark is not in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I will abandon it.
The course I will pursue in regard to the pend-
ing proposition, so far as my vote is concerned,
is this: I do not see any object in the Sen-
ate wasting any time in amending the bill 
Mr. SUMNER. I was about to make that
very remark.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not see any object
in the Senate wasting time in acting on amend-
ments to the bill when a proposition has been
made to the Senate to strike it all out. The
amendment now offered by the Senator from
Indiana can be just as well offered afterward.
If the Senate should refuse to strike out this
bill and insert the civil rights bill in lieu of it,
the bill will then be open to amendment, and
the proposition of the Senator from Indiana
will receive my vote, as it did before. But at
present I think it is better for us to bave_ a
vote upon this subject which has been dis-
cussed several days in the Senate, upon which
every Senator must have made up his mind;
and I state my purpose (and I can do that
without violating the rules) to be to send the
civil rights bill to the House of Representa-
tives in such form that a majority of the House
may, if they choose, pass it. If they do, or
whether they do or not, if they have a fair
chance to pass it, I will then vote for a very
liberal amnesty bill.-
Mr. CONKLING. How do you gain in
that view by voting for this amendment?
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will tell the Senator
how we gain. If you send this bill in the
nature ot an amendment upon a House bill
it goes to the Speaker's table, and a majority
can then reach it, and act on it. The Senator
from New York and 1 were both members of
the House, and we know that that is the proper
way; that a Senate amendment to a House
bill comes to the House of Representatives,
and under their rules may be reached at any
time by a majority voting to go to the Speak-
er's table and disposing of the amendment.
They can either reject it. or adopt it. If a
majority reject the civil rights bill, then I shall
vote for the amnesty bill. If a majority adopt
the civil rights bill, I shall then vote for the
amnesty hill. In answer to the question of
the Senator from New York, I say that the
reason why I vote for this amendment is to
enable the House of Representatives, in ac-
cordance with their rules, to act on the subject-
matter.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Allow me
to ask a question. If the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts prevails and is
substituted for the bill, what becomes of the
amnesty bill? Have we then an amnesty bill
before us ?
Mr. SHERMAN. This particular amnesty
bill is defeated ; but there are other amnesty
bills for you to pass. There are two or three
amnesty bills here, either of which we can
amend and make it as general or as special as
we please. That whole subject-matter is be
fore us in three or four different bills. That
is the answer.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Is there
an amnesty bill before us other than the one
now up ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is advised that there are certain bills provid-
ing for amnesty to particular individuals which
might be amended.
Mr. SAWYER. There is a general Senate
biH.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Nogeneral
House bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am told that there
is a general Senate bill pending, and several
special bills from the House which can be
amended.
Mr. SUMNER. And let me remind the
Senator that we know from the votes of the
House of Representatives during this session,
to which it is proper to refer, that the House,
by a two-thirds majority, is in favor of am-
nesty, so that any day it can send us such a
bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state further that
the whole subject-matter is within our power, '
as shown by the fact that there are several
bills here relieving disabilities from one or ^
more persons. It takes the same vote to pass '
one of those bills relieving a single individual
as to pass a bill relieving the whole southern '
people. We can take up any one of those
bills, and at any time amend it in the proper
way to make it a general amnesty bill, and
certainly it will meet the concurrence of the
House.
Mr. BOREMAN. I hold in my hand a
general amnesty bill reported by a committee
of this body of which I am a member, which
is on the Calendar, Senate bill No. 5.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then there is no diffi-
culty at all.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to ask the
Senator from Ohio, iu case the bill of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts should be adopted by
this House as an amendment, why the amnesty
bill cannot be moved as an amendment to that?
Mr. SHERMAN. I would vote for it iu
that form with great pleasure ; but the trouble
is if you send the bill to the House with two
subjects together, according to the_ statement
made by Senators on the Democratic side, the
House then cannot pass the civil rights bill
without a vote of two thirds, and that would
defeat the bill; and the objection made to the
proposition of the Senator from Massachusetts
before was that it compelled a vote of two
thirds of the House in order to pass the civil
rights bill. Therefore I voted for that amend-
ment with great doubt, and expressed my
doubt at the time whether an amendment ;
requiring only a majority vote ought to be put
on a bill that required a two-thirds vote. It
seemed to me rather forcing the civil rights ■
bill on the atteution of the House. But it is
perfectly proper for the Senate, it it desires
to pass a civil rights bill, to take up any prop-
osition on our table, it makes no difference
upon what subject, and substitute that for it.
There is no rule which limits the power of the
Senate to amend any hill sent by the House.
All the debates on the subject have not shown
any rule or precedent of the kind. If we
desire to pass a civil rights bill it is perfectly
competent for us to take up one of these
amnesty bills and amend it, and *send the
amendment to the House. If they concur in
the amendment it becomes a law; if they
reject it, it is defeated. In either event we
accomplish the object the Senate desires to
accomplish; that is, to get the vote of the
House of Representatives upon the civil rights
bill. ,
I again appeal to Senators who are opposed
to this civil rights bill whether it is not better,
all things considered, to allow this civil rights
bill to be sent to the House, and let the House
take a fair vote upon it. Every gentleman
opposed to the civil lights bill who believes
it unconstitutional or impolitic can vote against
it, and if the majority vote against it, it is de-
feated and there is the end of it. Then do
Senator can claim that we ought to postpone
amnesty until justice is done to the colored
people of the South, because the House ot
Representatives have the light to reject the
civil rights bill. But if there is a majority of
the House of Representatives agreed that the
civil rights bill ought to pass, it is not right lor
the minority to prevent a vote on the subject
so as to defeat action on that question.
Senators might as well look the matter
squarely in the face. There is not mucu
probability of an amnesty bill passing the
Senate by a two-thirds vote until there is a
reasonable opportunity for a fair vote in the
House of Representatives on the civil nghts
bill; and I have no doubt at all that if the
civil rights bill was out of the wa5', or we
could reach a fair vote on it in the House 0
Representatives, the amnesty bill would pass
by three fourths of all the votes of the Senate
of the United States. That is my judgment'
