500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
survey op texas rivers.
* Mr. HERNDON also introduced, a bill (H.
R. No. 1156) appropriating money for the sur-
vey and improvement of the navigation of the
Sabine Pass, and the rivers Sabine, Nueces,
Angelina, and Trinity, in the State of Texas;
•which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
state war expenses.
Mr. PALMER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1157) making appropriation to indemnify cer-
tain States for expenses incurred in defense of
the United States; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
utah and northern railroad company.
Mr. PALMER also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1158) granting the right of way through
the public lands to the Utah and Northern
Railroad Company; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
jesse older.
Mr. DONNAN introduced abill(H. R. No.
1159) for the relief of Jesse Older, a surviving
soldier of the war of 1812 ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions and War of
1812, and ordered to be printed.
extension of land-grant.
Mr. RUSK introduced a bill (II. R. No.
1100) to extend the time to the State of Wis-
consin to complete the road from Lake St.
Croix to Lake Superior; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
harbor of kenosha, wisconsin.
Mr. MITCHELL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1161) making an appropriation to aid in
completing the harbor at Kenosha, in the
State of Wisconsin; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
george j. st. louis.
Mr. SAWYER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1162) granting a pension to George J. St. Louis,
private in company A, thirty-third Illinois
volunteers ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
survey op private land claims.
Mr. HOUGHTON introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1163) to expedite the survey of private
land claims; which was. read afirst and second
time, referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims, and ordered to be printed.
suppression op polygamy.
Mr. SARGENT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1164) to suppress polygamy, andto enable
the people of Utah to form a constitution and
State government; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Territories, and ordered to be printed.
marine hospital at san francisco.
Mr. SARGENT also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1165) making an appropriation for the
erection of a marine hospital atSan Francisco ;
which was read afirstandsecond time, referred
to the Committee on Public Buildings acid
Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
public building at san francisco.
Mr. SARGENT also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 11GG) making an appropriation for the
erection of a building on the vacant half of
the custom-house lot at-San Francisco ; which
was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
winona and st, peters railroad.
Mr. BUNNELL ^ltroduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1167) granting permission to the Winona
and St. Peters Railroad Company to change
the direction of that railroad; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
springfield and dakota railroad.
Mr. DUNNELL also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1168) to aid in the construction of the
Springfield and Dakota Central railroad; which
was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
helen m. stansbury.
Mr. AVERILL introduced a bill(H. R. No.
1169) for the relief of Helen M. Stansbury,
widow of Major Howard Stansbury, deceased ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
francisco b. db coster.
Mr. AVERILL also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1170) for the relief of Francis B. de
Coster, of Litchfield, Meeker county, Minne-
sota ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
importation of machinery.
Mr. SLATER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1171) to admit free of duty certain machinery
imported from foreign countries; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
abram ii. iierr.
Mr. McGREW introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1172) providing for the relief of Abram H.
Herr; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of Claisas, and
ordered to be printed.
sutro tunnel.
Mr. KENDALL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1173) to aid in the construction of the
Sutro tunnel from the proceeds of the sale of
mineral lands; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Mines and Mining, and ordered to be printed.
military reservations.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1174) to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide for the disposition
of useless military reservationswhich was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
colorado railroads.
Mr. CHAFFEE introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 1175) granting right of way over the public
domain and confirming corporate powers to
certain railroad companies incorporated under
the laws of the Territory of Colorado ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Territories, and ordered
to be printed.
black hills pine lands.
Mr. ARMSTRONG introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1176) to provide for the purchase of
the Black Hills pine lands from the Indian
tribes in western Dakota; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Territories, and ordered to be
printed.
territorial penitentiaries.
Mr. MEltlilTT introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 1177) transferring the control of certain
territorial penitentiaries to the several Terri-
tories in which the same are located; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Territories, and ordered
to be printed.
laramie water and ditch company.
Mr. JONES introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1178) to grant the right of way to the Laramie
Water and Ditch Company over public lands
in Albany county, Wyoming Territory ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committea on the Territories, and ordered
to be printed.
jail in district of columbia.
_ Mr. CHIPMAN introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 85) in relation to the jail for
the District of Columbia; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia, and ordered
to be printed.
washington national monument.
Mr. CHIPMAN also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1179) appropriating $200,000 for the
completion of the Washington national mon-
ument ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
relief from import duties.
The SPEAKER. The States and Territo-
ries having now been called through for bills
and joint resolutions on leave, the next busi-
ness in order during the morning hour is the
consideration of the bill introduced by the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Hale,] and com-
ing over from the morning hour of Monday
last as unfinished business, being the bill (H.
R. No; 878) to relieve American-built steamers
and vessels from import duties laid -upon ma-
terials and articles entering into their construc-
tion, repair, and use. The pending question
is on the motion of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] to refer the bill to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and upon
that question the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Hale] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HALE then resumed and concluded his
remarks commenced last Monday. [See Ap-
pendix.]
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman allow me
just one moment?
Mr. HALE. I cannot yield for any debate.
Mr. COX. I would like to ask the gentle-
man from Maine how he facilitates the passage
of this bill by a short speech every Monday
which postpones action from week to week
and threatens to delay the bill to the end of
the session? If he is in real earnest in thi3
matter, let us have a vote on the proposition
he offers and on the amendment which I pro-
pose. I am for this bill; but I am for some-
thing that will really revive shipping as well
as allow ship-building, which will revive navi-
gation as well as help commerce. Under per-
mission of the gentleman from Maine, I ask
for the reading of my amendment.
Mr. HALE. One word in reply to the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Cox.] I think
the House will bear me out in saying that I
have certainty been very forbearing in regard
to occupying its time. I prefer to have a vote
rather than take up time by more speech-mak-
ing. I understand the gentleman to be for my
bill, but he would like it better with his amend-
ment. I should like it a great deal worse.
The SPEAKER. Of course while the mo-
tion to refer is pending no amendment can be
entertained. The Chair will explain the par-
liamentary attitude of the bill." The motion
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means [Mr. Dawes] is to refer the bill to
his committee. If the previous question be
called and seconded, the first question will be
upon the reference ofthe bill. If it be referred,
of course that ends the matter in the House
for the present. If the bill be not referred,
then the previous question will operate until
the engrossment and third reading.
Mr. COX. If the previous question is voted
down can I not offer my amendment?
The SPEAKER. Not while the motion to
refer is pending.
Mr. COX. 1 mean after the motion to refer
has been disposed of.
The SPEAKER. By that time the morning
hour would probably be exhausted, and the
previous question not operating, the bill would
