1872.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
449
42d Coisg..,.2d Sjsss.
Mines and Mining—Mr. Kendall.
Ho. op Reps.
the owners of miues. I propose to speak for the
miners, the men who with pick and shovel extract tbe
ore, and forty-five per cent, of whom die of miners'
consumption, which seizes them and penetrates
their vitals before they are admonished of its ai>~
proaeh, and who die in their youth, or in the vigor
of their young manhood, prostrated by the heatand
poisoned by the atmosphere of these mines."
"Sir. I brought with ine from one of these mines
a bit of blackened ore, blackened by thesmoke of a
lire that smothered and burned forty-five of these
men in tbe mine. Had there been a tunnel such as
Sir. Sutro is constructing they would have been
breathing pure air while at work; and though the
lumber of the mine might have burned, the miners
could have dropped below the fire and escaped, it
is essential to the lives of the miners that better
arrangements in the mines on the Pacific coast and
in the coal mine3 of my own State should be made,
and our Legislature is perfecting a law to compel
their construction. This is not a local question ; it
is a national question. The State of Nevada in-
vested Mr.Sutro with authority and arguments with
which to present it to the country as a national
question, and to assure the country thntin applying
its funds to promote the completion of this (treat
work it was promoting the interest of the whole
country."
The constitutional authority for the passage
of this bill is clear and unquestionable, it
rests upon principles of interpretation which
were settled soon after the Constitution went
into operation, and which have ever since
been steadily recognized by the legislative,
executive, and judicial departments of the
Government. I shall content myself with a
mere statement of the constitutional grounds
of the proposed legislation.
Orte.effept of thismeasure will be to increase
within our own country the production of gold
and silver. Another effect will be to determ-
ine, develop, and increase the value of" the
gold and silver mines which are the public
property of the United States.
The clause of the Constitution which confers
upon Congress " power to lay and collect,
taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the
debts and provide for the common defense
and general welfare of the United States,"
gives authority to raise and appropriate money
for any object which will, in the judgment of
Congress, promote the general welfare of the
nation, and to adopt such measures as will, in
the jtfdginent of Congress, fend to diminish
the burden of the ptiolic debt by increasing
the volume of the coin or circulating medium
of the country, and thereby improving the
value and facilitating the negotiation of the
public securities, reduciug their rate of inter-
est, and increasing the tax-paying capacity of
the people.
The power "to regulate commerce" includes
the power to adopt such measures as will, in
the judgment of Congress, tend, by augment-
ing the volume of tbe coin, to secure a sound,
healthy, and adequate medium of exuhauge for
the United States.
The power "to coin money, regulate the
value thereof, and of foreign coin,", carries
the entire control of the currency of the coun-
try, and includes authority to adopt such meas-
ures as will, in the judgment of Congress, tend
, to improve its character and enlarge its volume.
The power to "raise and support armies"
and "provide and maintain a navy" involves
the power to enact such laws as will, in the
judgment of Congress, tend to facilitate and
expedite the organization of military and naval
forces,, and lighten the burdens which their
maintenance v*ill entail'upon the people.
The power'' to borrow money on the credit of
the United States" includes in its scope com-
plete authority for such legislation as will, in
the judgment of Congress, give strength and
stability to the currency, so as to enable the
Government ,to borrow the largest amounts
with the least" delay, on the best terms, and at
the lowest rates of interest.
That clause of the Constitution which con-
fers upon Congress the power "to make all
laws which shall be necessary and proper for
carrying intp execution the foregoing powers,
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 29.
and all other powers vested by this Constitu-
tion in ihe Government of the Uniied Srates,
or in any department or officer thereof," au-
thorizes Congress to exercise its best judgment
in the selection of means to carry into execu-
tion the constitutional powers of the nalioual
Government.
The increase in the national production of
the precious metals bears strict relation to the
power of collecting taxes; to the vower of
regulating commerce between the States; to
the power of coining money and regulating its
value; to the power of raising and maintain-
ing armies and navies, and to the power of bor-
rowing money. It bears strict relation to the
general regulation of the currency, to the
administration of the fiscal affairs of the Gov-
ernment, to the management of the national
debt, and to the condition of the national credit.
So elose_ and vitally important was this rela-
tion during the late rebellion that but for the
immense increase in the production of the
precious metals within the United States, the
success of the national Government must have
been doubtful, if not absolutely impossible.
The power to pass this bill for the purpose
of augmenting the production of gold and
silver, and thereby securing advantages relat-
ing to the collection of taxes, to the national
coinage and currency, to the national credit,
to the regulation of commerce, to the raising
and support of armies and navies, to the na-
tional debt, to the support of the civil depart-
ments of the Government, and to its fiscal
operations, rests upon the same constituiional
ground as the power to provide for a bridge, a
light-house, a pier, a revenue cutter, a mili-
tary or national academy, a national bond, a
greenback, a nautical almanac, a storm-signal
service, a reconnoissance, an exploration, or a
coast survey. If the pending measure is un-
constitutional, then are each and all of these,
and numberless other means adopted by the
Government for the performance of the duties
imposed hy the fundamental law, also uncon-
stitutional.
The Government of the Uuited States ex-
pends millions of dollars in surveys and ex-
plorations ; in sending expeditions into north-
ern and southern seas to make observations
and collections in aid of science and physical
geography; in surveying routes for an inter-
oceanic canal; iti the search for coal fields in
South America, that fuel may be more con-
veniently supplied to our national ships.
And not this alone: Millions upon millions
of acres of the public land, and vast sums of
money have been given by the Government
in aid of lines of railway, because, it was
argued, they connected remote sections of the
country and tended to the public welfare and
to the national defense.
The regulation of commerce authorized by
the Constitution is not restricted to the details
of buying and selling, which fall more aptly
within the provisions of the local jurisdictions,
but looks to those general political arrange-
ments concerning trade on which its aggregate
interests depend. And such mainly are the
regulations to be found in the provisions of our
national legislation, the purpo*e of which is
to give encouragement to the enterprise of our
merchants, and to advance our commerce and
manufactures. And, upon the same principle,
tbe power to make all needful regulations
respecting the territory or other property of'
the United States includes the power to adopt
such measures as will, in tbe opinion of Con-
gress, tend to improve the condition and value
of that properly. The gold arid silver mines
in the public domain constitute an invaluable
portion of the property belonging to the Uni,'
ted States. W hatever measures Congress may
see fit to adopt in order to determine, develop,
and increase the value of these mines are
authorized by the Constitution. That such
will be tbe tendency of the pending measure,
no man acquainted with the facts can deny
or doubt.
I have thus referred to a single great enter-
prise that i3 intimately related to the continued
prosperity of the mining region of the West.
I could not say less and represent faithfully
the wishes of the people, as repeatedly and
uniformly expressed. I return now to the
general consideration of that leading industry
which has made the entire Pacific slope of our
country what you see it to-day.
I have, in these remarks, spoken of the Com-
stock lode as containing the richest and most
extensive silver mines that are now anywhere
worked. 1 wish to speak further of these
mines as representative of silver mines and
silver mining throughout the West.
1 f we compare the Comstock lode with others
of its class we find that none was ever worked
in the Old World of equal or approaching mag-
nitude. The New World, however, has con-
tained three mines similar iu magnitude and
richness—the great Potosi mine in Bolivia,
which yielded $1,200,000,000; theVeta Madre
of Guanajuato, which yielded $800,000,000;
and the Veta Grande of Zacatecas, which
yielded $650,000,000, the two last named being
iu Mexico. Competent geologists assert that
the Comstock is a larger, more regular and
reliable vein than either of the others men-
tioned. With proper appliances for working
the mines along this lode, it has been esti-
mated by the best authority that they will
yield $30,000,000 per annum, or in thirty years
$900,000,000.
But the obstacles in the way of the future
working of these mines, as now conducted,
are most serious. They are situated in the
side of an abrupt mountain, and are worked
by'perpendicular shafts, of which there are,
independent of each other, over thirty. These
have reached a depth of from five hundred to
fifteen hundred feet, and on each of them pow-
erful engines are placed whioh propel pumps,
and hoist the ore and debris. The cost of
fuel at Virginia and Gold Hill, where these
shafts and engines are worked, is twelve dol-
lars per cord in gold; and the consumption
of fuel is so great that this item of expendi-
ture absorbs a large part of the yield, and
increases in proportion to the depth attained.
Moreover, as this depth increases, the diffi-
culty of keeping the shafts and galleries sup-
plied with fresh air also increases. This,
and the increase of heat also, which amounts
to one degree, Fahrenheit, for every sixty feet
in depth, prevent the miner from performing
the same amount of work as he would if em-
ployed in a healthy atmosphere and in a moder-
ate temperature. To say nothing of the fearful
sacrifice of health from these causes, the
pecuniary loss is very great, considering that
three thousand men are employed at. an aver-
age pay of $;) 50,in gold, per day of eight work-
ing hours. This loss may be safely estimated
at twenty-five per cent. But a consideration
of a far graver character is the evil effect which
the poisonous air of deep and ill-ventilated
mines has upon the health of the miners.
Amad6e !>□ rat. an eminent Prench writer upon
the economy and the working of mines, says:
"Tho circulation of fresh air is one of the most
important in mining. This importance may bo
readily understood when wo find that four fifths of
all workmen who perish in mines are victims of
foul air."
Scoffern, an English writer, makes use of
the following language:
"The stagnant air acts on the organs of respira-
tion. producing consumption and other allied dis-
eases, which carry off the miner in the prime oflife.
As a class they are robust and naturally less liable
than even seamen to such diseases: but such are
the permoious effects of the impure air they breathe;
that fifty-two per cent, die of consumption, in u
country where the percentage among agricultural
and other suriuce laborers' amounts only to twenty
per cent, in the worst localities."
