1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2293
of John Boyer to the south half of northwest
quarter and northeast quarter of southwest
quarter of section thirty-four, township thirty-
three, range twenty-eight west, one hundred
and twenty acres, in the district of lands sub-
ject to location at Springfield, Missouri*, and
the Secretary of the Interior is to cause to be
issued to Boyer a patent for the land on bounty-
land warrant location 39526, one hundred and
twenty acres, act March 3, 1855, first correct-
ing the location papers and records to cover
the tracts named.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
POINT SAN JOSE RESERVATION.
Mr. WILSON, I move now to tnke up Sen-
ate bill No. 755 for consideration.
The motion was agreed to} and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 755) for the relief of
the former occupants of the present military
reservation at Point San Jose, in the city and
county of San Francisco.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported
the bill with an amendment, in line twenty-
three', after the word "heirs," to strike out the
words " and assigns," and insert " grantees3
assigns, or legal representatives."
The bill as proposed to be amended reads :
Whereas by the act of Congress of July 1, 1870,
relinquishing theright and title of the United States
to the military reservation at Point San Jos6, except
the portion thereof now held as such reservation,
the lands thereby relinquished were restored to par-
ties who had been misled by the action of the Gov-
ernment in withdrawing its appeal from tho decree
of tho board of land commissioners of the United
States confirming the title of the city of San Fran-
cisco to lands embracing said reservation, and were
in the bona fide possession thereof when the military
authorities went into the occupancy thereof; and
whereas the persons dispossessed by tho military
authorities of the portion so excepted in said act
had in every respect the same equitable claims to
tho lands formerly occupied by tbem, and were ex-
cluded from the reliet granted by said act solely
because tho said lands are required for military
purposes; and whereas tho buildings and improve-
ments erected by the former occupants of the lands
within tho present limits of said reservation are
useful for the purposes of the Government, and
their existenco has saved a considerable expense to
tho United States: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of licprc&uiit-
otive* of the United ib'tatm of America in Congress
asBonbled, That tho several persons, their heirs,
grantees, assigns, or legal representatives, who,
when the military authorities of the United States
took possession and entered into the occupation of
the lands above high-water mark within the pres-
ent limits of the military reservation at Point San
Jo?£, in the city of San Francisco, in tho State of
California, were in tho bona fide possession of por-
tions thereof, by themselves, their tenants, or agents,
shall be compensated by the United Statcs_ for the
lands and the improvements thereon, of which they
were respectively deprived when said lands and im-
provements were taken possession of by the military
authorities of the United States, which compensa-
tion shall be the cash value of said lands, and the
cash value of the improvements thereon at the time
when the military occupation of said lands com-
menced ; and the Court of Claims is hereby directed
to ascertain and determine the respective amounts
of damage sustained and lofcs incurred by the sev-
eral persons who were so as aforesaid in the posses-
sion of said premises, or of any portion thereof, at
the time the same were taken for public use; and
any and all judgments for damages rendered by said
court in favor of any of said persons, their heirs,
grantees, assigns, or legal representatives, shall be
paid out of moneys appropriated, or hereafter to be
appropriated, to pay judgments rendered by said
court: Provided, however, That no suit shall be
brought by virtue of the provisions of this act un-
less the same be instituted within twelve months
from tho passage thereof.
Mr. POMJEROY. This involves a principle
that has been long in controversy in this coun-
try, and settled finally by the Supreme Court,
It is whether persons settling on the public
lands that are not surveyed, not offered for
sale, can acquire rights as against the United
States
Mr. EDMUNDS. For which we have got
to pay them in the end.
Mr. POMEROY. For which, as the Sen-
ator from Vermont says, we shall have to pay
them in the end. The question has been be-
fore the committee of which I am a member,
for a long time in one form or another,whether
parties squatting on the public lands in ad-
vance of the surveys, in advance of their being
opened, acquire any rights that the Govern-
ment cannot divest them of without compensa-
tion. This bill as it is drawn—I do not know
what the amendments are—goes on the sup-
position that a man acquires the same right
upon the public lands, whether surveyed or
unsurveyed, acquires in fact a vested right, so
that the Government itself cannot deprive him
of it without making compensation.
Here were public lands where the Govern-
ment in process of time wanted to make a mil-
itary reservation. Some settlers had squatted
upon these lands, as I infer from the bill, but
tho Government, as has been customary, took
possession of the lands that it wanted for a
reservation notwithstanding the settlers that
were on them. If this bill could be amended
so that the Government should pay them for
their improvements, I would not object, for
that is all I think the Government is bound to
pay, A person acquires no rights against the
Clnited States by going in advance of the sur-
veys on the public lands. But if the United
States allow him there, hare invited him to
go there, have acquiesced in his settlement,
then if the Government take his land away
from him they should pay him for his im-
provements ; and I shall move, if this bill is to
be brought to a vote, that instead of paying
for the land the Government pay for the im-
provements, for that is all the party can. equit-
ably or rightfully claim. The Government
may be required to pay him for his improve-
ments from the fact that it allowed him to be
there, that it opened the land to settlement
though without a survey. Without the land
having been offered for sale, various parties
settled around 011 this land, which afterward
became a reservation. The Government may
bo required to pay for what improvements
these people put upon the land, because it
acquiesced in the settlement although by their
improvements they acquired no vested right
to the soil: but to bring in a bill here and
require us to pay such men for the soil they
have not paid for, to pay them for the claim
they were upon, when they had not a shadow
of title to that claim, is going too far by all
means.
Mr. MORTON. Has there not been some
decision of the Supreme Court on the ques-
tion ?
Mr. POjilEROY. The decision of the Su-
preme Court is that no settler acquires any
rights as against the United States. He ac-
quires rights as against other settlers ; he
acquires rights as against any man who may
locate scrip ; he acquires rights as against any
railroad grant; he acquires rights as against
anybody but the Government itself. If the
Government wants any of its own laud and it
has not parted with the title, the Government
can take it without compensation. If it had
parted with the title it could take it with com-
pensation. This bill goes on the basis that a
man without a title has just as much right to
the soil as a man that has a title, and it is all
wrong. J do not know that in this particular
instance it will work any great hardship to the
Treasury; but it establishes a precedent that |
-will cost us millions if we proceed in every
instance to consider that a man who has squat-
ted on a piecc of land has a title so that the
Government cannot divest him without paying
him for it. It will never do to establish that.
The Government may be required to pay him
for his improvements, and I think they ought
to do so if they have taken the improvements.
I do not suppose the bill will be pressed to
a vote now ; but if it is, I shall want to amend
it so as to require the Government to pay for
the improvements, but not for the land when
the man had not any title himself, the title
being in the Government. If you go so far
as to pay him for the land as well as for the
improvement;-, you could not go further even
if he had perfected his title.
Mr. COLE. These parties who are claim- 1
ing compensation did go upon the land and
put upon it very valuable improvements which
were taken from them, I think during the early
years of the war, perhaps in 1862 or 1863, and
occupied by the military authorities there, and
for which improvements, being very valuable
residences, the Government has never made
any compensation, nor have these parties ever
received any. I know one of the very best
dwellings upon the property was taken as
headquarters by Major General McDowell,
and occupied by him as such for the time he
was in command there; aud L think other -
property, probably the property of General
Frfemont, was taken also and held by the mili-
tary authorities. It is very clear to my mind
that these parties are entitled to some com-
pensation. They were allowed to go there, I
presume, without any protest on the part of
the military authorities, or on the part of the
Government at all.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask the
Senator from California one question, whether
there are not claims of a similar character to
this upon the Presidio reservation and also
upon Goat Island, in the harbor of San Fran-
cisco ?
Mr. COLE. Whether there are claims like
these or not, I do not know; but that is not
the controversy now.
Mr. CASSERLY. With my colleague's
permission I will say that I think there is
an answer to the suggestion of the Senator
from Indiana. The Presidio reservation has
always been defined and known as a military
reservation. It was so when we conquered the
country from Mexico, and has been so under
the Government of the United States to this
hour.
Mr. POMBROY. If it was a military res-
ervation, then the settlers acquired no rights,
even to be paid for their improvements, for
they were trespassers.
Mr. CASSERLY. That is probably true in
regard to the Presidio reservation, if such a
case were presented.
Mr. COLE. I think that tho question of the
Senator from Indiana may not be fully an-
swered by my colleague, because I think there
are claims upon the Presidio reservation, and
I believe on the east and south sides there are
some persons claiming portions of the land.
Mr. CASSERLY. That is a controversy
about boundaries.
Mr. COLE. My colleague says it is a con-
troversy about boundaries. Perhaps it is, but
I think not that alone. I will state, for tho
benefit of my friend from Vermont particu-
larly, that there are claims which have been
asserted here in Washington in the form of
homestead claims, and claims under land war-
rants, as I am informed, upon portions of the
Presidio reservation which, i: I may judge
from what has taken place in that city in the
past, may possibly be held good ; and the
United States, instead of selling the property,
may be divested of it without the three or four
millions my friend speaks of, or any other
sum. I think he will find, if he lives a few
years longer and remains in the Senate during
that time, as I hope he may, that that will be
the history of the Presidio reservation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I dare say; it has been
the history of all our reservations in Cali-
fornia.
Mr. COLE. Not yet quite; but if the Sen-
ator will follow my suggestions in regard to
the Presidio, he will save all that property to
the United States, aud there will be none of it
lost, none of it seized by persons who have
claims, invalid probably, possibly of some
validitv, at all events claims. I judge so from
the fact that a part of this Black Point reser-
vation, about half of it, was but a year or
two ago given up by Congress to the persons
making eiaim to it of somewhat similar char-
acter to the claims made to the Presidio reser-
vation. That is an instance I point the Senator
to just at hand.
