3190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,5
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no right now
denied in the District of Columbia.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut It is precisly
the same for blacks as for whites in this Dis-
trict.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Precisely the same even
here in the District. I am indebted to the
Senator from Connecticut for that fact. So
there is nothing in that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But my friend was say-
ing that lie dill not know of a single right that
a white man had in this country that a black
man had not equally.
Mr. TltU MBULL. Yes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, supposing the Dis-
trict of Columbia was in this country, and sup-
posing that under the cxisiing condition of
things colored children are not permitted to
go to the public schools in this District, where
other citizens of the United States are per-
m11 led to go, which schools are supported by
public taxation, and are a part of the Govern-
ment. 1 asli the Senator the question, and he
replies by saying that the right to go to school
is no right at all. Very well. The" people will
be glad to luiow that.
Air. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Connecticut lias answered the Sen-
ator from Vermont that in the District of Co-
lumbia the colored person and the white
person have ihe same right in reference to the
schools. So that when he departs from the
mutter which the Senator from Ohio and my-
self were discussing, and undertakes to narrow
it down to the District of Columbia, lie is met
by the fact that theie is no discrimination in
the respect to which lie infers.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That, is an entire mistake.
Mr. KElMtV, of Connecticut. Now, I will
Btate whai cxactN is tho fact.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Vary well.
Mr. KlilltliY, oi Connecticut. The same
facilities, llie Hiimi; advantages, tho same op-
portunities of education are given to the white
<hiid and t,In; black child in tho District of
Columbia to day. The only difference is that
they do not. receive those equal facilities and
udvnotiiges in ihe same school-room ; and yon
might. as well deny that equal facilities and
equal advantages exist in the northern States
to the two sexes where the sexes are by the
action of the authorities t.iught m different
Bchool rooms or school buildings, as to deny
it here. Such I am informed is the fact.
All. EDMUNDS. Does the Senator from
Conm cuciu mean to sav as a fact that the
coloicd <. hildren of this District are entitled lo
go into ilie highest grades of scliuoU that are
provided for white childien—.schools of equal
gi ade, I in« a'i ?
Mr KEIUtY, of Connecticut. I btate as a
fact that ihey have all. So their trustees
report, and the report was read heiethe other
day; 1 thought. I had it on my table, but 1
have not. I here is a lengthy teport of the
trustees ol the grades of the schools now being
erected or thai were at that, time being erected
for the colored children on a scale exceeding
any oI ihe schools m one hull* the towns of
ftlew England to-day.
Air. EL) U U N L).S. If my friend from Illinois
will pardon me a moment 
Mr. 1 RUWlliU LL. 1 think I cannot give
■way for debate here between Senators.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, hut 1 would beglad
to have lair play ; and if mv friend from
Connecticut is coining to tlie aid of mv friend
from Illinois, which he pretty badly needed, I
wish to have a word Willi my friend from Con-
necticut before my friend Iroiu Illinois goes
on, if he will let me.
Now, we get at what is said (o be the fact;
and tliat is that under the public school system
ol the District of Columbia, as established by
law, it is declared that white children shall go
into one school-house and black children shall
go into another, and that is what is called
equality before the law 1 Well, suppose it is
for a moment, then why can you not also have
equality before the law by declaring that the
black man shall go to one poll to vote and
the white man shall go to another, and by
declaring that the black man shall go to one
hotel to stay and the white man shall go to
another, and that the colored man shall go
into Pennsylvania avenue or Maryland avenue
when he wants to go to the west end of ihe
town, and the whiie man shall take Massachu
setts or some other avenue where it is proper
for white people to go?
Mr. President, it there is anything in that
equality of right under the law, if it be admit-
ted or established that a public school is a
part of governmental regulation, designed for
the benefit of the whole people, then you can-
not get out by saying that there is an equality
of right when you declare that you will put the
black sheep in one place and the white sheep
in another.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Allow me to
ask a question.
Mr. EIJV1UNDS. Certainly.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Is ita denial
of right in New England that the females of a
school distiict are by the authorities compelled
to be put m one school-room and the males
in another school room, and that the females
are forbidden to go into the room where the
males are to-day ? Is that a denial of right ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 do not know whether
it is or not. [Laughter] Inasmuch as I
never considered the female question 1 will
not undertake to illuminate my good friend
from Connecticut on that subject; but let me
ask the honorable Senator a question in re-
turn. Would it not be a denial of right to
declare that white men, or men with red hair,
or native citizens only should be entitled to
travel in a paiticulai horse-car, and that, every
other class of people should only be allowed
to travel in another?
Mr. FElillY, of Connecticut. We were
talking about schools. I came into this dis-
cussion in mi inquiry with regard to the schools
in the District ol Columbia.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes.
Mr. FERI11, of Connecticut. And 1 as
serled that so l.ir as rights are concerned the
two races have equal facilities, opportunities,
and advantages by law in this District now.
Mr. EUMUND.S. Yes.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. The Senator
IVotn Vermont, insists that it is a denial of
equality of right to have different rooms for
Ihe education of ihe races. I assert that it is
not a denial of equality of right
Air. EDMUNDS. That I understand; and
so the Senator is very careful not to answer
my question, although he is very handy in put-
ting que.siioiis. Now, I say it is impossible for
him io distinguish, (speaking to the question
of race and not, following our naturally gallant
disposition to run off on io the question of sex
where I cannot follow my fiend,) and 1 defy
him to point out any distinction between the
right of Congress under tlie Constitution in
this District, for illustration, to declare that, a
white child shall not go to a particular public
school and that he shall go to another if he
goes at, all, and the power to declare that a
white man shall not ride in a panieular horse-
cir thai, has a blue stripe ticross it. and that, if
he rides at all he shall ride on a different one.
Mr. FERRY, ot Connecticut. I have to
speak on that matter to morrow, and I will
explain it then.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope my friend will
take time to think a little before he speaks on
that subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, when I
gave way for a question, I did not expect, that
the Senator fiom Veimont, who is always so
zealous to run to the defense of somebody who
is not attacked, and who is so astute in con-
founding things that are unlike, would have
insisted in occupying the time to make a
speech, and two or three speeches at that, in
reply to the Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. President, I said that going to school
was not a civil right, and that so far as I knew
the colored people of this country had all the
civil rights that the whites had, and it is a mis-
nomer to call this a civil rights bill. The col-,
ored people of the country have been excited
about a civil rights bill, as if there was some-,
thing that was denied them. Why, sir, we •
passed years ago a civil rights bill conferring
upon the coloted people all the civil rights
which white people have, and they have them
to the same exient; and, when the Senator
from Vermontgetsupherenow and undeitakes
to escape from the position that the Senator
from Connecticut put him in when he showed
that his position about the schools was inde-
fensible, by talking about riding in a car, and
the color of people's hair, and wanting to know
if they are to be kept out of a car on account
of the color of their hair, let me ask him, is
there any such law? It will be time enough
fur the Senator from Vermont to raise his ques-
tion about the right of people to lide in the
oars whose hair is of a particular color or who
have no hair at all upon their heads when a
law is passed to that effect. But until the Sen-
ator from Vermont, by reason of his old age
and baldness is kept out of the cars, he need
not complain that there is danger of a law
being passed to keep him out. [Laughter.]
1 know that his fine appearance and venerable
age will always entitle him to entrance into any
car, and the best of cars at that. [Laughter.]
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not mean to hit
the Senator from South Carolina ; and I hope
he will not be disturbed at what I am saying.
[Laughter.]
Now, Mr. President, the truth is that the
colored man has just the same right of action
against a railtoad company or a hotel-keeper
that a while man has for a refusal to receive
or entertain hun or to transport him oil the
cars. The rights are the same to all; and
this cry that has gone out to the country of a
supplemental civil rights bill, which has ex-
cited the colored people of iliis country, and
induced many of them lo think that they
are entitled to some rights that they have not
got, has only tended to produce mischief and
excitement throughout tne land. I do say, in
reply to the Senator from Vermont, that the
right to go to school is not a civil right, and
that the schools are regulated all over the
land, and must be, for the advancement of
education. We have graded schools. Boya
ot one class are kept in one room ; of another
class in another ; the git Is are confined to one
room and the boys to another; but this is not
a denial of civil rights to either. It the facili-
ties for education are the same nobody has a
right to complain. This which the Senator
speaks of as a civil ritrht is no civil right at all.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes ; I am willing to
be questioned
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator if the
right to go to school is not a civil light. what
kind of a right is it, or is it any right at all?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not. any right at
all. It is a matter to be legulated by the
localities. It depends upon wiiai the law of
the locality is. i'hey may afford facilities for
going to schools to the children between tour
and eighteen, and may provide free schools
for them. We may regulate it in the District
of Columbia as we have ; and such a right as
we should give the people by our statute they
would be entitled to. Bat, in speaking ot
civil rights 1 have refeieuce to those rights
which belong to the individual as a citizen. A
person may have a right as a member of a
corporation. Suppose a fire insurance com-
pany is created in ihe District ot Columbia,
that is a very proper thing to have here; ihe
Senator from Indiana is a member of that cor-
poration; lam a member. We have ceitain
rights in it. They are not what I understand
