2294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
Mr. EDMUNDS. How did that happen ;
on the demand of the Senator from California ?
Mr. COLE. No, sir; the Senator is mis-
taken about that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Did not my friend from
California press upon this body the bill passed
a year or two ago to surrender to the city all
our title for the benefit of claimants on the
San Jos6 reservation outside of the present
limits?
Mr. COLE. I think not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Globe will show it,
I am sure.
Mr. COLE. I think the Senator will not
find it so in the Globe.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am sure if my friend
had resisted it we should not have thought of
forcing on the city of Sau Francisco a land
grant they did not want.
Mr. COLE. This case I will explain to the
Senate: the reservation was defined by a
circle, the radius of which was eight hundred
yards from Point San Jos6, struck around
la a circular form, making a reservation of
that particular shape, through which the
streets of the city ran, and the outer portions
of which were of no manner of use to the
General Government—of no use as a portion
of the military reservation. Those portions
did not contain any fortifications or barracks,
or any other improvements ; were in the main
mere sand hills, and there could have been
really 110 very valid objection toward the res-
ervation being made to conform to the streets,
and in that way give up a portion of that reser-
vation ; and such will be found, in all prob-
ability, to be the conclusion in reference to
other reservations in and about San Francisco.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 have 110 doubt that is
the intention.
Mr. COLE. Now let me state that there
are about that city reservations amounting to
a large number ot acres ; 1 believe four thou-
sand six hundred and fifty-three acres alto-
gether. The reservations are eleven in num-
ber, comprising islands and these two reserva-
tions in the city of Sau Francisco ; one, the
Presidio, containing fifteen hundred and forty-
one acres, aud the 0110 to which reference is
made in this bill of fifty-five and three tenths
acres, upon both of which there are fortifica-
tions, tbos'i on the Presidio occupying the
point, and in the bill relating to that the propo-
sition is to leave three hundred acres still sub-
ject to the exclusive use and possession of
the War Department.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is generous.
Mr. COLE. And the portion also that is
covered by the barracks, which, probably,
would be one hundred acres, more or less,
besides. They are the only portions that are
really in use, that are really occupied, aud yet
all persons except the military authorities are
excluded from the whole reservation.
Now, in legardto these improvements upon
Point San Jos6, to return to that subject, these
parties going on there and making their im
provements, putting up valuable residences,
without any protestor notice as to boundaries,
the boundary being a circle or semicircle ascer-
tained by measuring eight hundred yardsfrotn
a given point, I think it but fair that they
should be paid the value of theii possession
and improvements, whatever it may be.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Louis-
iana, to whom this subject was referred, has
made a long report on the subject. The mat-
ter v.-as before us two or three years ago, and
whs referred to the Senator from Missouri not
now in his seat, who made a report on the
subject in lavor of granting this relief. It is
a very important subject, and I hope Senators
will look at it with great care. I am satisfied
that there ought to be something done to
adjust this matter. Whether this is the right
plan or not, I cannot say.
Mr. FKEL1N GHUYSEN. I should like to
ask the committee or the Senator from Cali-
fornia what the amount involved in this bill is'/
Mr. COLE. Indeed, I cannot tell anything
about that. I cannot give any sum.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I think it is
quite important that we should know that.
Mr. WEST. About two hundred thousand
dollars.
Mr. POMEEOY. How many settlers are
there upon it ?
Mr. COLE. I do not know how many.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I _ understand
that these settlers settled on a military reser-
vation without any title, and that now we are
to make good the improvement of that prop-
erty and also to pay them for the land.
Mr. COLE. The question as to whether it
was a military reservation at all was only de-
termined by the judgment of the Supreme
Court of the United States a few years ago.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I think the re-
port states that it was a military reservation.
Mr. COLE. It does ; but that was a disputed
pointuntil 11 wasdecided by the Supreme Court.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It gives the proc-
lamation of the President making it so in 1850.
Mr. WEST. "Will the Senator from New
Jersey allow me to to correct him?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Certainly.
Mr. WEST. One of the points on which
this case hinges is, that the President of the
United States did notjssue any proclamation
as required by law, but merely issued an ex-
ecutive order which was filed in the land office
in the State of California, and there was no no-
tice to any of the parties who settled upon this
land that the Government ever did claim it or
intended to claim it, and it lay there fourteen
years before it was discovered that the Gov-
ernment claimed it as a reservation, and in the
mean time these parties had occupied it.
Mr. COLE And another question 1 will
state to the Senator from New Jersey is,
whether the military authorities or the authori-
ties of the United States could carve a reserva-
tion out of a pueblo claim, which is the claim
of a town under the Spanish laws to four
square leagues of land. The decision of the
Supreme Court finally made about five or six
years ago was to the effect that they had that
authority; and that was the first adjudication
to that effect.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is quite evident that
this bill involves too much of a principle,
which will result in large demands against the
Government, and too much money at this time
to occupy the attention of the Senate with it
any longer to-day when there is scarcely a
quorum present. I therefore move, not in
hostility to its further consideration, but in
order that we may go on with other matters,
that it be laid on the table.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have been endeavoring
to get the floor now for at least twenty minutes
unavaihngly. I hope the Senator from Ver-
mont will withdraw his motion for a moment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As I said before, I do
not make the motion in an attitude of imme-
diate hostility to this bill, which is important,
and ought to be fully and fairly considered ;
but I am obliged to go away at this time to
keep an engagement, which I cannot defer,
aud which it is but just I should keep, and I
wish tu be present when this bill is consid-
ered, because it involves a great deal. I have
no objection to withdrawing the motion if it is
understood that the bill shall not be pressed to a
vote at this time, in order that my friend from
California may make bis remarks. With that
understanding, I will withdraw it with pleasure.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not wish Senators
to go away with the erroneous impressions
unwittingly given them by some remarks made
in the course of this debate. Whatever
becomes of this bill for the present, those im-
pressions should be correcred.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pom-
ERor in the chair.) Does the Senator from
Vermont withdraw his motion ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir; out of cour-
tesy to my friend from California.
Mr. CASSERLY. In the first place, the
lands affected by this bill are not public lands
in the ordinary sense, which is the sense in-
tended by the Senator from Kansas, [Mr.
Pomeroy,] andtheyaeverwere. Though, as the
Supreme Court has decided, they are lands
of the United States, they never were included
within the surveys of the public lands and
were never open to settlement, entry, or sale
as public lands. When the United States
acquired them from Mexico they were lands
within the limits of the pueblo or town of
San Francisco under the Spanish and Mex-
ican organization of pueblos. Soon afterward
they were included within the limits of the
American city of San Francisco. Those who
went upon them went upon them as residents
of the city of San Francisco, having a right, to
occupy them as lands of the city succeeding to
the Mexican pueblo aud to all its rightB of
ownership in the lands within the pueblo
limits. This view was not according to the
law as finally settled many years afterward by
the courts. It was, however, the view almost
always held and acted on in the early days
of land titles in San Francisco. From this
and what I shall presently say. it is plain
that neither in the intention of the occupant
nor in the legal condition of the lands was
there any such knalogy with the case of a set-
tler on the public lauds as was supposed by
you, Mr. President, awhile ago on the floor.
Nor can the passage of this bill furnish a pre-
cedent for claims upon the Government by
settlers on public lands whose lands have been
appropriated by Government before patent
issued. In short, the case of these San Fran-
cisco claimants in this bill is sui generis. It
can never furnish a precedent or example
except for a case precisely like it, if any such
should ever occur.
There is no doubt that there was at the time
of the conquest of California in 1846 a pueblo
at the site of San Francisco. This was decided
as far back as 1854 by the courts, including
the United States board of land commission-
ers. By the act of Congress creating that
board a grant of lands was presumed to any
town or city existing at the date of the change
of flags in 1846. In the same year of 1854 the
board of land commissioners confirmed the
claim of the city of San Francisco as the suc-
cessor of the pueblo to a large tract of land,
including the lands referred to in this bill.
From that decision both parties appealed ;
the city because it fell short of her rightful
claim ; the United States because the city had
no rightful claim to any of the lands confirmed.
Two or three years afterward the appeal of
the United States was withdrawn by the At-
torney General. The United States district
court by consent of the law officer of the
United States made an order in the usual form
in such cases dismissing the appeal and giv-
ing the city leave to proceed on the decree of
the board in her favor, as on a final decree.
Thus the people of San Francisco had before
them several grounds of action. First was
the decree of the United Slates board of land
commissioners confirming the lands to tbe
city. .Next was the dismissal by the Attorney
General of the appeal of the United States
from this decree. Lastly was the order of
the United States district court establishing
the decree as a final decree in favor of the
city. - Surely after all this the people of San
Francisco might well conclude that as against
the United States the title to the land in ques-
tion was substantially settled forever.
_ I believe that scarcely ten men in San Fran-
cisco knew until it was produced in court
during the pendency of the appeal of 'he city
of San Francisco, about 1863 or 1864, of the
order of Piesident Fillmore made in 1850 de-
claring the land at Point San Jos6, of which the
lands mentioned in the bill are a part, to be a
military reservation. Neither by the usual
proclamation nor by any other form of actual
public notice had the order been published.
