502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
this country and in Europe, and by the last of
August subscriptions were obtained for the entire
amount offered."
The allegations of the resolution are—
First. That this negotiation increased the bonded
debt of the United States in defiance of law.
Second. That the Secretary has expended more
than one half of one per cent., limited by law, in the
expenses of funding said loan.
The first of these allegations is founded upon the
following clause of thefir-st section of the act author-
izing the loan, namely: " But nothing in this act, or
in any other Jaw now in force, shall be construed to
authorize any increase whatever of the bonded debt
of theUnitedStates.,, Theoommitteeareof opinion
that this provision of the act has not been violated
by any of the transactions recited above, or which
have come to their knowledge.
The fourth seetion of the same lawis as follows :
"That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
authorized, with any coin in the Treasury of the
United States which he may lawfully apply to such
purpose, or which may be derived from the sale of
any of the bonds, the issue of which is provided for
in this act, to pay at par and cancel any six per cent,
bonds of the United States of the kind known as
five-twenty bonds, which have become or shall hero-
after become redeemable by the terms of their issue.
But the particular bonds so to be paid and canceled
shall in all cases be indicated and specified by class,
date, and number, in the order of their numbers and
issue,' beginning with the first numbered and issued,
in public notice to be given by the Secretary of the
Treasury; and in three months after the date of such
public notice the interest on the bonds so selected
and advertised to be paid shall cease/'
The clause which it is alleged has been violated
must be construedin connection with this section, as
well as with all other parts of the law, and the manir
fest object for which it was enacted.
By toits fourth section is disclosed the whole pur-
pose of authorizing the issue of these bonds, and they
can be issued for no other, nor can their proceeds be
used for any other purpose than that specified in this
section.
All parts of this law must be construed together,
and, it possible, reconciled with each other, and with
the express design of the act, so that it shall not
defeat itself. By this section it'appears that the
Secretary can negotiate the bonds authorized by this
act for the sole purpose of redeeming the outstanding
indebtedness of the United States, known as five-
twenty bonds; and it is expressly provided in this
fourth section that he may lawfully apply to such
purpose of redemption such moneys in the Treasury
of the United States as "may be derived from tho
sale of any of the bonds the issue of which is pro-
vided for in this act."
It is obvious that in order to make this application,
he must first negotiate the new bonds. He cannot
take up the old bond with the "proceeds" of the new
one, unless he first sells the new bond. He cannot
first sell the new bond without in the process and
while the act of obtaining and applying the proceeds
is going on. increasing the public debt to the amount
of the bond he first sells in order to obtain the pro-
ceeds with which to take up the old bond.
Thecommitteeknowno process bywhichthis pro-
vision of law can be carricd out without involving
such a temporary increase of the public securities,
and therefore are of opinion that the clause of the
law which it is alleged the Secretary has in so doing
violated must be so construed as to permit of the
carrying out the other requirements of the statute
in this regard. No one can doubt that this salutary
provision of the law, which it is alleged the Secre-
tary has violated, was intended to take away from
him the power of appropriating the proceeds of any
of the bonds authorized by this statute to any other
purpose than that of refunding the public debt; so
that when the transaction was completed the public
could be assured that the debt of the nation had not
thereby been increased. It had the double object
of limiting the authority of the Secretary in this
regard and strengthening the public credit, and was
an assurance to the world that in offering this new
bond we were not borrowers, but that, on the other
hand, our policy and prosperity had so strengthened
oar credit that we were, so soon after the creation
of our great indebtedness, enabled to enter upon the
process of refunding without increasing the same at
a much less rate of interest.
In the opinion of the committee this clause of the
statute had no other scope and effect, and was not
intended to embarrass or cripple the efforts of the
Secretary to carry out other provisions of the law,
which simply provided that he should first nego-
tiate the new loan, and, after having done that,
should with its proceeds redeem a corresponding
amount of the outstanding indebtedness of tthe
United States.
If the Secretary were confined by law to the re-
demption outstanding bonds by the money in
the Treasury, and could only use the new bonds to
replenish the Treasury and keep it in funds for that
purpose, as well as for current expenses, still the con-
struction of tho clauso which it is alleged the Secre-
tary has violated must necessarily be tho same as
that put upon it in the negotiation of this loan, and
which, m the opinion of the committee, is the cor-
rect one.
Suppose the Secretary were, with SI,000,000 in the
Treasury, to redeem $1,000,000 of the outstanding
five-twenticsto-day, he could not replace that money
in the Treasury to-morrow by the negotiation of the
bonds authorized by tho act of J"uly 14,1870, without
increasing tho public debt as represented by out-
standing securities as it will stand when he begins
the negotiation of the new loan on the morrow.
Every bond he has taken uphas reduced the indebt-
edness of the country by that amount, and if the
construction contended for is the correct one, he is
for that very reason prohibited from negotiating a
single dollar of the new loan to supply tho place of
the old one first taken up, or to replenish the Treas-
ury depleted by the amount of the redemption.
There is but one way, so far as the committee know,
that it will be possible for him to carry out any of the
provisions of this act except by a temporary increase
in the process of thefunding of the public debt, and
that one way is an exchange, of bond for bond, of the
new bond for a corresponding bond of the old five-
twenties. * The committee understand that he is
authorized to do that by this act, but that ho is
authorized to do much more, and any limitation to
a bare exchange of the one bond for the other would
render the act of very little value, and would at the
same time treat as a nullity all those provisions of the
law which authorize him to sell the new bond to one
party, and with the proceeds to redeem the old bond
from any other party holding it.
If the transaction here investigated be held to
the test of the strictest possible construction of the
prohibitory clause, still the Secretary will not be
found to have violated its provisions in the particu-
lar transactions here considered; for it appears that
the proceeds of all the bonds negotiated remained
on deposit with the designated depositaries during
all the time that elapsed between the negotiation
of the new bonds and the redemption of a corre-
sponding amountof oldones. To the precise amount,
therefore, that the public debt is increased by the
sale of a new bond, it is diminished by the depositary
becoming a debtor to the (Government, and the one
balances the other, leaving the aggregate the same
as before the transaction was commenced. But the
committee are of opinion that no such interpretation
is necessary for the justification of the Secretary.
The second allegation of the resolution is that the
Secretary "has exceeded the one half of one per
cent, allowed by the funding act for all expenses in
placingsaid loan."
The statement of the term3 upon which this loan
has thus far been negotiated, made by the Secretary
to the committee, is tho same as that submitted in
his annual report as heretofore recited. There is no
dispute as to the facts; and it seems fully to answer
this allegation. From that statement it appears that,
after deducting from the aggregate sum which one
half per cent, of the loan would amount to, all the
expense thus far attending its negotiation—such as
advertising, preparing and printing the bonds, and
that portion of it which had been paid to the national
banks and other agencies tor such negotiation of it
as they had been able to make—the balance of said
one half percent, and no more was, by the arrange-
ment with Jay Cooke «& Co., to be paid to those par-
ties who took the balance of the loan. If this state-
ment is correct, and the committeo see no reason to
doubt it, then it is apparent that the limitation of
one half per cent, has not been exceeded, thus far,
in the negotiation of the loan authorized by this act.
But a part of the agreement by which the balanoe of
the loan was taken was, in substance, this: that the
banks which took this loan for themselves, and those
for whoin they negotiated it,were to be designated as
depositaries of the nublic money, and the proceeds
of the bonds thus taken were to remain on deposit
with said banks until used by the Secretary for the
redemption of an equal amount of five-twenty bonds,
forwhich they would not be required in ninety days.
And it is claimed that the use which the banks thus
had of this money was a part of the expense incurred
by the United States in negotiating the loan, and
that thereby to the extent of that use the expense
exceeded the one half per cent, allowed by law.
As it was one of the stipulations of this agreement
that this deposit should remain with such banks for
the period of three months, it is fair to conclude
that such use of the money so on deposit was of con-
siderable value to the banks, and entered largely as
an element into the inducements which finally led to
their undertaking to place the balance of the entire
loan then offered. If, therefore, that use may legiti-
mately be reckoned as a part of the expense to the
United States of negotiating the loan, it must be
added to the other expenditures, and the whole
would exceed the one half per cent, allowed bylaw.
But the committee are of opinion that this advan-
tage thus derived by the banks from the use of the
money during thetime which must necessarily elapse
between the conversion of tho new bonds into coin
and the redemption of the old bonds with that coin,
can m no fair interpretation of the funding act be
counted a part of the expense which was limited by
that act to one half per cent.of theloan. Itis given
to such banks by the law that makes them deposita-
ries, and not by the contract of the Secretary. If tho
Secretary had received into the Treasury and locked
up m its vaults a large amount of coin derived from
the sale of these bonds, it would have resulted in
disastrous consequences to the commercial world.
Iteannotbe doubted that tho withdrawal for any
considerable time from the currents of business of
two hundred millions of coin without anything to
supply its place, would be attended with great dis-
aster, and should be avoided if possible under exist-
ing law. By the forty-fifth section of the act estab-
lishing the national banks it was enacted "that all
associations und.erthis act, when designated for that
purpose by the Secretary of the Treasury, shall bo
depositaries of public money, except receipts from
customs, under such regulations as may be pre-
scribed by tho Secretary of the Treasury; and they
may also be employed as financial agentsofthe Gov-
ernment; and they shall perform all such reasonable
duties as depositaries of public money and financial
agents of. the Government as may bo required of
them; and the Secretary of the Treasury shall re-
quire of theassociations thus designated, satisfactory
security, by the deposit of United States bonds and
otherwise, for the safe keeping and prompt payment
of the public money deposited with them, and for the
faithful performance of their duties as financial
agents of tho Government."
Under these provisions of law, instead of locking
up this large sum of money in the Treasury,where it
would be not only idle for three months, but would
convulse the whole business of the country, the Sec-
retary designated the banks taking this loan as pub-
lic depositaries under the provisions of this section,
and, with the security provided in this section of a
Unit ed States bond for every dollar thus deposited
with them, did,agree with them that this sum of
money should remain on deposit with them until
required by him in redemption of the live-twenty
bonds. And the committee are of opinion that he
was authorized so to do by existing laws.
Nothing couldhave accrued to the Treasury of the
United States by the use of the money in the mean-
time for the law prohibited its use by the Secretary
for any other purposes, while it authorized him to
leave it on deposit with these banks upon the con-
ditions here stated. If such deposit was of any ad-
vantage to the bank it resulted from the provisions
of law, and cannot be said to be illegal. The time
during which this money was to be left on deposit
with these banks remains only to be considered.
As the money could be used by the Secretary only
for the purpose of the redemption, as before stated,
he could by no possible contingency have occasion
to call for it until needed for that purpose. A refer-
ence to the statute will show that this exigency
would not arise until after the lapse of three months.
By the fourth section of the funding act he was only
authorized with this money " to pay at par and can-
cel in six per cent, bonds of the United States, of the
kind known as five-twenty bonds,which have become
or shall hereafter become redeemable by the terms
of their issue. But the particular bonds so to be
paid and canceled sball in all cases be indicated and
specified by class, date, and number, in the order of
their numbers and issue, beginning with the first
numbered and issued, in public notice to be given
by the Secretary of the Treasury, and in three
months after the date of such public notice tho
interest on the bonds so selected and advertised to
be paid shall cease."
Simultaneously with this arrangement, by which
this money was left on depositwith these banks, the
Secretary issued a-notice calling in the first twenty
millions of these bonds, a copy of which accompa-
nies this report, in which he gave " notice that the
principal and accruing interest of the bonds herein
below designated, known as five-twenty bonds, will
be paid at the Treasury of the United States, in the
city of Washington, on and after the 1st day of
December next, and that the interest on said bonds
will cease on that day." This notice bears date
September 1,1871.
In reference to all the other bonds called in, sim-
ilar notice has been issued from time to time.
By the provisions of the fourth section, heretofore
referred to, this three months' notice was required
before the interest would cease on these bonds. It
is obvious that until the interest ceased no man had
any inducement to surrender his bonds. On the
other hand the securities are so valuable that so long
as the interest shall be paid the holder will cling to
them. Therefore, the first moment after the issuing
ofthisnotice on the 1st of September thatthe holder
would be compelled to surrender his bond, by the
stoppage of interest, was the first day of December—
a period of three months.
It is true that he was at liberty to surrender his
bonds before that day, and the Secretary was author-
ized by the funding act to redeem it upon presenta-
tion, either out of any money generally in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, or out of the pro-
ceeds of tho new bonds; but practically there was
no prospect of any considerable surrender; and an
experiment subsequently made upon a similar no-
tice, issued on the 20th of December, in which the
Sccrctary stipulated that the twenty millions called
in on the 7th of that month would be redeemed on
presentation, had resulted at the time of the Secre-
tary's appearance before the committee on the 15th
instant, in a surrender of less than one hundred
thousand dollars of said bonds. It was because three
months was the shortest period authorized by lawin
which the Secretary could compel a surrender of the
five-twenty bonds and therein use nny portion of the
proceeds of the new loan, he stipulated with banks
taking the 1-oan thatthe money should remain with
them upon deposit for that period ot time. It has
resulted in all respects as anticipated. The bonds
were not surrendered until the interest stopped at
the end of three months, and tho Secretary could
not have used the money had it not remained on
deposit. The business of the country would have
been deranged if he had attempted to lock it up.
The national banking law authorized him to leave
it on deposit, under such regulations as he may
prescribe, and availing himself of that, he has
effected the loan without any other expense to the
Government than tho one half of one per cent^ Tho
advantage gained by the banks was not one which
in any manner could havo accrued to the United
States in the negotiation oftheloan. He incurred
no risk, for ho exacted security iu United States
bonds, dollar for dollar, for the whole deposit. Tho
law authorized him to .make su^h regulations,
governing the^e deposits as he should deem fit, and
ho made tho regulations which havo been stated,
and for tho reasons here given.
In the opinion of tho committee he was not only
authorized so to do by law, but these deposits were
