450
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 20,
Ho. of Reps.
Mines and Mining—Mr. Kendall.
4 2d Cong....2d Sess.
The cause of humanity should provide a
remedy when an effectual one is within reach.
Other difficulties present themselves in deep
mining, which increase' rapidly as depth in-
creases ; aud the mine itself, unless conserved
by science and the best engineering skill, must
be abandoned as unprofitable.
Nearly all our present methods of mining
for the precious metals are wasteful and im-
provident to a shameful extent. H has been
the policy of every wise Government to protect
its fisheries, its forests, its game, its mines.
In thus policy we may learn lessons of wis-
dom from the legislation of other lauds. In
all Europe&o mining countries their respective
Governments, with an eye to the importance
of the production of bullion and in order to
promote thegeneral welfare of the population,
have exfeEci8ed some sort of supervision and
control of their mines. Gigantic undertakings,
looking.to their drainage, ventilation, and suc-
cessful and economical working, are encour-
aged and patronized.
What has been done in this regard in other
countries is so well summarized m a letter to
the Department of the Interior by the late
Coravwissioner of the General Land Office, Hon.
Joseph S. Wilson, ihat I can do no better than
quote at length :
" The Austrian Government has but recently com-
pleted the adit-level Joseph 11. commenced in
178^, leading from the valley of the river Gran to
the mining district at Sohemmtz, a distance of ten
miles, cutting the veins at a depth at fourteen hun-
dred feet. It is teu feet wide and twelve high, used
both as a railway and canal, and was eonstiuctod
partly to explore for new veins and partly to dt iui
mines already in operation. Tno Scheumitz mines,
in the uorthern part ot Hungary, furnish gold, sil-
vei, non, load, copper, .ind sulphui—gold to the
value of aboutseventy-five Uiousanddoilartf, silver,
$700,000— the annual value of all the metals not ex-
ceeding :&i,50i),0uU. Yet to develop mines not inoro
productive than these the ttiivcnuucQt commenced
and completed that extensive woik.
"The celebrated silver mines at Frciboig, in
operation since the commencement of the thir-
teenth century, are at present drained by an adit
beginning on a tributary of the river Kibe, extend-
ing something over eight miles s  as to communi-
cate with all tills mines m the upper part ot tue dis-
trict, being over eight feet wide and nearly ton foot
high, securing a drauingo at adepth ot sixteen hun-
dred feet. But, as the ore ot those mines continues
to inoioase in riehness with the depth, it has been
proposed by eininept'oiigineers, and the Government
of Saxony, it is said, has m contemplation the eon1
«truction of un adit-level ot the extruoi dinary
length of twenty-two miles, opening in the river
Elbe, and cutting the veins of the Froibetg district
at the average depth of two thousand loot. Should
tins bold conception ever be earned into practical
effect it will constitute one of the grandest enter-
prises of the present age, and the most extenave
mining tunnel in the world.
"The Fieiberg mines, to which so much talent,
energy, and such vast expenditures of money are
being devoted in contriving works to operate and
improve them, yield a silver product of the annual
value of aboat one million dollars, and in a period
ot nearly three hundred and tidy >ears have pro-
duced an aggregate value not exceeding 6120,000,U00.
"The llatz mines, m the distiict <>t Ola tisthu.l, in
the former kingdom of Hanover, are drained by a
tunnel peuetrating the mountains for a distance ot
six and a half miles, nine hundred h-et beneath the
town of Clausthal, commenced in 1777 and completed
about the beginning of the present ceutuiy. The
first tunnel in the Haiz lbi draining minus was com-
menced in 1525, and before the end ot that century
thiee more were constiucted; and in 1799 another
was coujp'eteu ot a length, including galleries, ot
ncaijy eleven miles.
"In 1851 the Ernst August tunnel was commenced
in the neighborhood of Gittelde to drain the deep
mines of the Clausthal district, estimated to require
twenfj.-two jeais in its completion, but by the
improved appliances now used in tunneling was
finished m 18(54, m twelve years and eleven months.
Thus is said to be the largest tunnel in the Harz, aud
tuirushes the deepest natural drainage to the mines
that can ever be obtained. The water in this tunnel
has sufiicient depth to allow the use of long flat-
boats fur iho transportation of the ore.
" The mines of the ilarz arc chiefly argentiferous
galena, with copper pyrites, iron pyrites, and gray
copper ore, producing^ annually a supply of silver
wunh &00U.000, lead $575,000, copper ^9J,000, iron
$1-5,000, or an aggregate value ot $l,400,0j0.
" it will thus be seen that the comoined yearly
product ot Sehemuitz, Jb'rejberg, and the upper
iiaiz, tor the profitable working of which the best
engineering talent of Europe has been taxed for a
period ot three centuries to provide means ot drain-
age and ventilation, and the Governments of Aus-
tria, Saxony, and Hanover have, lavishly expended
so much money, is not much over $4,000,000, or
about one fourth of the value of the gold and silver
annually furnished by the Comstock lode.
"In all the localities above referred to, where
deep drainage has been effected, the result appears
to have fully realized the expectations of the pro-
jectors, so much so at Freiberg that, as has been
already stated, it is contemplated to drive an adit
far surpassing any similar work yet undertaken, and
leaching a lower level than any hitherto attained in
that locality, and both iu Freiberg and in the Uarz
the oi es appear not merely to have maintained their
quality, but even to have increased in richness with
the depth of the mine.
" The great Sampson vein on the Ilarz has been
worked to the depth of twenty-five hundred and
eighty feet, being the deepest mine now in opera-
tion on the globe. At the depth of twenty-one
hundred and sixty feet one of the finest accumula-
tions of ore evermet with was reached, and although
the works have been carried down since four hun-
dred and twenty feet further, this superior quality
of the ore is still maintained.
"Geologists appear to agree in the opinion that
the Comstock lode is a true fissure vein, and that the
ore will continue of equal richness to any depth
which it is practicable to work the mines."
As bearing upon the subject of economical
mining, I here quote from a very able report
made by the House Committee on Mines and
Mining of the Fortieth Congress:
"As mines are worked now, the proprietors, or
companies, on a mineral lode—no matter how lim-
ited the extent of their claim—independently of each
other, erect steam-engines, pump the water from
their mines, hoist the ore, and transport it to the
reduction works. They boast of independent organ-
izations. presidents, boards of trustees, superintend-
ents, secretaries, &c„ kept up at an enormous ex-
pense, which makes mining unprofitable and a
losing business.
" In large cities we find it necessary to establish a
joint system ot drainage, gas and water-works;
mam .sewers are constructed, into which small
blanches enter from every building. Supposing
each house-owner were to provide his own drainage,
mdependoiitof his neighbors, establish his own gas
manufactory, and dig a canal of his own from a dis-
tant spring in order to get a supply of water, the
world would pronounccsuch proceedingvery unwise
and foolish. And still wo liud a similar state of affairs
in our great mineral districts; a contiguous row of
mines on the same lode, each worked independently
aud entirely legai dless of its neighbors, while one gen-
eral tunnel, or adit, or drain would allow the water
to run off by its natural flow to the lowest level from
all the mines, through one common outlet, thereby
abolishing at once all pumpinir machinery, giving
one common railroad tor the transportation of all
the ore, and. creating innumerable advantages.
Only one general mining administration would be
required, operations could bo carried on jointly and
systematically, the extraction of ore largely in-
creased, the health of the miners secured by good
ventilation, and large sums of money would be
saved, thereby making it possible to extract im-
mense bodies of low-grade ores.
"iu short, instead of an unwise, short-sighted,
ruinous, and stupid manner of pi oceedmg, we would
inaugurate a rational sjstem of mining, a system
wlucu would make it profitable, attract the capital
winch is absolutely necessary lor the development
of this branch of industry, increase the production
of the precious metals beyond all expectations,
populate the vast extent of our mineral regions,
procure traffic tor our trans-continental railways,
stimulate the commerce and industry of the whole
nation, firmly establish our credit by proving the
extent of our mineral wealth, and, above all. relieve
the burdens of taxation by increasing the value of
all property.
"Such are some of the advantages which, in our
opinion, wouhl bo derived from the adoption of a
general system of tunneling iu our great mining
districts, and it must appear remarkable that such
tunnel^, their advantages being so self-evident, have
not alieady been constructed in numerous places.
"There are many causes, however, which prevent
thoir construction, and we must look for these in the
m.inner in which mining property is owned and
acquired.
"The men who undergo all sorts of privations, hard-
ships and dangers m the hazardous pursuit of pros-
pectors, do so not for the purpose, after discovering
a promising mine, of working it, establishing a home
and deriving a legitimate income therefrom, but
the great stimulus tor their exertions is the pros-
pect of rapidly realizing a fortune by selling the
property thus discovered and acquired to some cap-
italists m the large cities ot the eastern States.
" Few lodes show much valuable ore at the surface ;
if such a One is discovered, the cropping^ of which
give large assays, it generally causes much excite-
ment among the miners, who, either ignorant of
geology, or too njpt to believe what they wish, ima-
gine that the whole body of the lode, for its width,
length, and to any depth, will prove of the same
character. They go to work with a good will, sink
shafts and incliues, but soon discover the fact, which
is well known to all experienced in mining, that
lodes are not continuously ore bearing, but only
contain bunches, or chimneys of good ore, while
great masses of barren quartz or country rock, which
intervene both horizontally and perpendicularly,
necessitate a protracted search for ore, which is ex-
pensive and often proves a serious obstacle to finan-
cial success.
"Other difficulties interfere with the miner. If he
is really fortunate enough to discover a valuable
body of ore near the surface, there may be no mill
in the district to reduce it; or if there be a mill, the
ore may be of so rebellious a character as to defy
reduction to advantage.
"He soon arrives at adepth where a steam pump is
required, his means become exhausted, and the ac-
cumulating difficulties compel him cither to lose all
the fruits of his labors by abandoning the property,
or to dispose of it to other parties who have a suffi-
ciency of means.
"Self-interest and a desire'to acquire the much-
coveted fortune, notwithstanding his own failure,
induce him to pursue the latter course. Ho starts
off for New York or Boston, well provided with
specimens, certificates of assay, transcript of record
and general recommendations; he there exhibits his
vouchers and proofs and proposes to dispose of the
property to a joint stock company. The plausible
reason given tor selling so valuable a mine for so
small a sum is that the means are wanting for the
erection of steaui pumps, hoisting and reduction
works, by the aid of which the ore and bullion to he
realized would only be limited by the number of
men employed, and the crushing capacity of the mill.
"The miner, who now becomcs an unscrupulous
speculator, well recollects how easrly he was deceived
himself in regard to the continuous character of the
ore contained in mineral lodes, and knows that pei-
sons whenever have seen a mine could easily be led
into the same error.
" The mostad venturous and enterprising, those who
want to make fortunes without much work, greedily
swallow the miner's stories, and are but too eagerto
enter into the scheme; they have not the remotest
idea ot following mining as a regular pursuit to
bo carried on legitimately and regularly, but they
simply want to enter into a sort of outside specula-
tion, to speedily make a fortune and then sell to
somebody else.
" On the strength of these representations a com-
pany is formed of men of means totally ignorant of
the subject, a superintendent is sent to the mine no
better informed, a pumping-engmo and mill con-
tracted for, and not until they are erected and in
complete running condition, work on the mine itself
is commenced rrr order, as is supposed, to shovel or
dig out the quantity of ore required for the daily
supply of the mill.
" Now comes the disappointment. Notwithstand-
ing the good assays, notwithstanding the substantial
pumping-engine, notwithstanding, the mill con-
structed after the most approved plans, notwith-
standing the well organized company with a full
staff of officers, the whole affair pr >ves a failure.
" Everything is there but a sufficient quantity of
good ore, and nothing is left but to go deeper on I lie
mine in order to try and find it; and while this
tedious and expensive process is going on the mill
lies idle, the officers receive their salaries, and
the pumping-engine is kept going at a lively rate.
Instead of remittances ot silver bricks, more assess-
ments are called for, and the unfortunate stock-
holder, after paying up for a year or more, becomes
disgusted with his enterprise and abandons the
whole affair as a bad job.
" Ilere we have the whole secrct how the lack of
confidence m mining enterprises has been brought
about. The persons who made these investments
did so on the strength of false representations made
to them that an immense fortune could rapidly be
realized simply by the erection of a pumping and
hoisting engine and a mill; and being disappointed
in their calculations, they could not be induced to
enter into any other enterprise connected with min-
ing under any consideration whatever.
" Had these persons been told that, in order to prop-
erly open a mine, several hundred thousand dollars
and several years of time would be required, they
certainly would not have entered into the operation ;
this class of men are not willing to wait years for
return^, and since a rational system ot mining
requires patience and the outlay of much capital, ,
these are not the ones to engage in it.
" If a mine really proves valuable and rich ore is at
once extracted from thesame, itotten falls into the
hands of joint stock companies, whose object is not
to work the mine fairly and legitimately, but who
manage to make large fortunes, by shioudmg the
doiugs at the mine in mystery by only opening one
gallery at a time, and thus contrive to make its value
appear either extravagantly high, or of hardly any
value whatever.
" In the one case the priceof shares is brought to
the highest figures by employing as many men as
will find room in the mine, taking out unusually
large quantities of ore and making large dividends;
in the other eaie the mine is declared exhausted,
all supplies of ore are withheld, assessments are
levied, law suits against the mine are commenced,
and thus the puce of shares is unduly depressed.
In the former case the managers, who form a ring
which controls much capital, want to sellout at alarge
profit; in the latter case they want to buy in again
and start out for a repetition of the operation.
" There is no doubt but that mining has, in these
various ways, been brought into disrepute, and the
public, gulled and swindled, not car iug to investi-
gate the true causes of thoir losses, declare mining
