1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229o
It is quite safe to say that all the lauds ac-
quired by the persons embraced within this
bill, were acquired by them, or by those of
whom they bought, in good faith, in reliance
on the facts I have Btated, for a fair price in
money, without knowledge or notice of the
existence of any reservation at Point San
Jos6 or of any order declaring one there. By
titles the same, or no better, a considerable
part of the real estate in San Francisco was
held during the same time; was bought and
sold, given and taken in mortgage ; money
paid for it and loaned on it. And why not,
sir? Besides the grounds of security resting
in the action of the authorities of the United
States already stated, there were grounds rest-
ing in the action of the local and State author-
ities. In 1855 the city of San Francisco by
ordinance conveyed to the bona fide actual
occupants the lands within certain limits, in-
cluding those in question here. This ordinance
was confirmed by the Legislature of the State
in 1858; and being so confirmed was held by
our State supreme court to vest title in fee.
So, sir, you have those two lines of titles, one
flowing from the action of the authorities of the
United States themselves, and the other from
the action of the State authorities, including
the highest court of the State, both uniting in
the numerous body of landholders who stood
precisely as the persons now before Congress
asking for relief by this bill stood at the time
they were turned out of occupation during the
war by the military authorities.
Before the Supreme Court of the United
States passed upon the question of the city's
title ou her appeal from the board of land
commissioners, Congress very wisely took juris-
diction of the subject, and by an act passed
in 1866 conveyed to the city for the benefit of
the bona fide occupants the title of the United
States to all the lands confirmed to her by the
circuit court, suhject to the exceptions in the
decree. Those exceptions included all military
reservations, and of course the reservation in
this case. The act of Congress did, however,
recognize fully, in the interest of a great
and growing community, the equities of the
occupants. Had the lands at Point San Jos£
been understood to be a military reservation
notoriously and for years, like the lands at the
Presidio, the claimants now before Congress
would have little or no ground for relief. Very
far otherwise was their case, as I have en-
deavored to show. They supposed they had a
good title. They bought it as such, and they
paid their money for it as such. Their entire
good faith is evidenced by the character of
the improvements which they and others in
like case put upon the lands held by them at
Point San Jos6.
There is still another ground for passing this
bill. Not a great while since the military
authorities cut down the area of the reserva-
tion at Point San Jos6. Two years ago, as the
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] just
observed, Congress confirmed the titles of all
occupants in good faith outside of the new lim-
its ; that is, the present limits of the military
reservation. In so doing it gave to those occu-
pants a perfect title as against the United
States, not merely to their lands, but to im-
provements much more valuable in money
than the improvements within the existing
reservation. I ask Senators to say, is there
any distinction injustice, in equity, or in mor-
als between the condition of the occupants
who were relieved by your bill two years ago
and the condition of the occupants who are
here to-day asking you to treat them upon the
same footing substantially with the occupants
who were fortunate enough to fall outside of
the new line of the reservation?
The truth is, Mr. President, there was a doc-
trine of law in regard to the lands within the
limits of San Ftancisco, finally invoked and
sustained in the Supreme Court, which, while
it was undoubtedly sound, was nevertheless a
very great surprise, not merely to the people
at large, but to the lawyers of California. It
was, that whatever might have been the nature
of the title of a pueblo to the lands within its
limits, yet at any time, even after judgment
final on last appeal, but before a patent issued
divesting the title of the United States, the
United States had the full right of disposition
of the lands within the city of San Francisco.
What has been the result to the claimants
under the bill? The United States have ousted
them from their possessions of ten to twelve
years' holding in nndoubting security. True,
the United States own the lands; they have thus
the legal right on their side. They have also
had the advantage and the use of the improve-
ments, whatever they may be. It is not in the
spirit of the large and liberal equity which has
characterized the dealings of Congress in re-
gard to the lands in San Francisco in 1866
and in 1870, in regard to portions of this very
reservation—a spirit which should always, and
I hope will always, characterize its dealings
with its own citizens—that a distinction should
be made between the lands taken from these
claimants and the value of the improvements.
As you well know, sir, legally no distinction
can be made between the two in this case.
If the claimants are'not entitled to com-
pensation for the lands taken from them,
they are not entitled to compensation for the
improvements on the lands. If they are wrong-
doers as to the lands, they are as to the im-
provements. If they are not wrongdoers,
their'appeal to your equity cannot be resisted.
I am not aware of the amount involved,
or whether it is so large as has been stated, or
larger. I do not think the amount will in any
event be so considerable as to furnish a strong
argument against the bill. 1 think the bill
ought to pass, and I trust it will pass.
Sir. SHERMAN. Unless there is a dis-
position to let this bill lie over, I shall pro-
pose an amendment to it, I know nothing
of it except from the debate. I think there is
an equity in behalf of 'the squatters, under
whatever authority they claim, for the im-
provements they have made on the land ; but
certainly to pay for land that the Supreme
Court of the United States have decided
belongs to us, and belongs to us as a military
reservation, made according to law, would be
to carry the doctrine of compensation to squat-
ters far beyond any precedent that I have
known in my experience. It seems this land
belonged to the city of San Francisco; it was
a pueblo or town limit under the Mexican law,
. and therefore these persons who went upon
the land were squatters, were wrongdoers in
the eye of the law, not only as against the city
of San Francisco, as against the rights of the
pueblo or town, but against the laws of the
United States. They went there at their own
risk; but as they were allowed to build im-
provements on the land on a claim of title,
the ordinary principle of occupying claims
might give them the value of the improve-
ments, but certainly not the value of the land.
If, therefore, the bill were confined to paying
them for the value of the improvements made
by them in the belief that they had a good
title to the land, or would get a good title
to the land, probably it would be equitable to
do that.
That would cost, the Senator from Louis-
iana tells me, about fifty thousand dollars ; but
to pay them for land which, by a judgment of
the Supreme Court, was not theirs, and on
which they had no right to settle, would be to
carry the doctrine too far. The validity of
the reservation, as 1 understand, has been set-
tled by a judgment of the Supreme Court.
They must have decided, therefore, not only
that it was set aside as a military reservation,
but that due proclamation was made, and that
in all respects the law was complied with which
designates this particular tract of land as a
military reservation. Therefore, these parties
have no equitable title, no legal title, no claim
whatever to the land, because their possess-
ory right was made after this legal title bad
accrued, aud the land had been reserved for
military purposes. They went there in viola-
tion of the law of the pueblo, as well as the
law of the United States, and were wrong-
doers in every sense of the word.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator will allow
me, perhaps I did not make it quite plain.
There never was any actual occupation of this
land by a single officer or soldier of the United
States until after the war broke out. Nobody
knew there was a reservation there.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand that; but'
at the same time the Supreme Court ot' the
United States, it seems, have settled the fact
that in 1850 this land was reserved by a legal
order by the proper authorities of the United
States, and these settlers who went upon the
land were bound to take notice of the reser-
vations made according to law. If there was
a doubt about the legality of the military res-
ervation, that would be a different thing ; but
that question has been settled by the highest
tribunal in the land'after full debate, undoubt-
edly against the interested argument of the
attorneys of these very claimants; and that
legal question having been settled by that
court, it is certain the Senate of the Uni-
ted States ought not now, with scarcely a
quorum, to undertake to revise their decision.
That settles the right to "the land to be in the
United States, and settles the fact that this
was a military reservation duly defined and
duly proclaimed and set apart, and therefore,
by our laws not, subject to settlement.
It seems to me, therefore, if we wish to do
substantial justice to these settlers we should
pay them for their improvements on the land
on the general principles of the occupying
claimant's law, not treating them as trespass-
ers, although we have a light to treat them as
trespassers and forleit the improvements. But.
considering the general license of the squatter
law, as they have gone on the land with the
hope that they would by making improvements
finally get a good title to it, 1 would be will-
ing to pay them for their improvements on the
land, but no more. I will offer an amend-
ment to the bill to strike out, the words " value
of the land" in two places which I have
indicated to the Secretary. If that amend-
ment is adopted, I, for one, shall be willing to
have the bill pass.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The com-
mittee have reported one or two amendments
to the bill.
Mr. WEST. Those are immaterial.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendments of the
committee do not affect the part I propose to
amend.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio proposes to amend the bill in lines
ten and eleven by striking out the words " the
lands and," and also by striking out the word
''thereon" after the word ''improvements,"
and inserting the words "'on said-lands;" and
in lines fourteen and fifteen by striking out
tile words "the cash value of said lands and,"
and also striking out the word "thereon"
after the word "improvements," and inserting
the words ''on said lands."
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire to correct au
impression under which the Senator from
! Ohio seems to have spoken. The class ol
landholders in San Francisco to which the
claimants here belonged should not be re-
garded as squatters in any opprobrious sense,
nor as trespassers. Whatever was the nature
of the pueblo title, or whether the city of San
Francisco had any title, in fee, to the lands
within her limits, it was universally agreed,
and was the common law of those days, that
occupants in good faith holding either by an
original occupation in themselves, or in those
to whom they succeeded, not only were not
squatters, but that so long as the city of San
Francisco acquiesced in their occupation they
had the only title that it was possible to
obtain in those days.
