ri872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3191
■by civil rights. The term civil rights, as I
^understand it, applies to the rights pertaining
to the citizen as such. There may be no
; schools at all in the State of Indiana or the
District of Columbia; and would there then
: be any right appertaining to the individual as
a citizen to go to school? Am I understood
by the Senator from Indiana?
I understand by the term " civil rights,"
rights appertaining to the individual as a free,
independent citizen ; and what are they? The
right to go and come ; the right to enforce
contracts; the right to convey his property;
the right to buy property—those general rights
that belong to mankind every where; and not
a privilege that is conferred by a corporation,
as a college for example. We have colleges
in the country, and a student who applies
there and pays his tuition fees, you may say,
has certain rights there; but they are not
what I understand to be embraced in the gen-
eral broad term "civil rights.''
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, we do not
intend to lose sight of the substance in a mere
play upon words. The Senator says the right
to go to school is not a civil right. Let, ns see
how it stands. The substitute proposed by
the Senator from Massachusetts does not pro-
vide that free schools shall be taught; it does
not. say that schools shall be kept at all, but it
contemplates this : that where there are free
schools kept at public expense, where schools
are supported by taxes levied upon everybody
without regard to color or previous condition,
upon the black as well as upon the white,
upon the red as well as upon the colored, in
such cases there shall be an equal right to par-
ticipate in the benefit of those schools created
by common taxation. That is the point, and
that point is not to be evaded or dodged by
saying that the right to go to school is not a
civil right.
I say this: that where schools are maintained
and supported by money collected by taxation
upon everybody, there is an equal right to
participate in those schools. You may call it
a civil right or a political right ; and if there
be a distinction, it a right to participate in
these schools is to be governed by color or
any other distinction, 1 say that is a fraud
upon those who pay the taxes.
Mr. President, it is wholly unnecessary to
consider the question whether the right of a
child to go to school is a civil right or a natu-
ral right. It is not necessary to consider the
question whether a parent has a civil right to
send his child to school; I should say he had,
independent of the other question. I should
assume it as an abstract proposition that a
parent has a civil, a natural, and a religious
right to send his child to school. But my pro-
position is this—and that is the one to which
the Senator from Illinois must address himself,
and there is no possible evasion of it—that
where there are public schools supported by
common taxation upon everybody, white and
black, there there is a civil right that there
shall be equal participation in those schools.
That, is the point.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, Mr. President,
I deny that a right thus obtained is, properly
speaking, a civil right in any sense. It is a
right growing out of a privilege created by
legislation. Schools do not exist naturally;
they are artificials
Mr. EDMUNDS. Neither do railroads.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But the right to ride
upon a railroad, to be conveyed over the gen-
eral lines of travel, the Senator from Vermont
knows very well is a common law right, re-
garded as a right appertaining to the individual
as a citizen.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President 
Mr. MORTON. I must resume the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us hear the Senator
from Wisconsin.
Mr. MOR TON. I am yielding to the Sen'
ator from Illinois at this time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Wis-
consin will wait then for the Senator from
Indiana. Now, Mr. President I do not propose
to be drawn away from a question of amnesty
by going into a question about schools in the
District of Columbia, which the Senator from
Vermont is very happy in interposing and ob-
truding into this debate by way of diverting
attention from the subject under consideration.
The point to which I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senate—and I was sorry that the
Senator from West Virginia was not present
when I commenced my remarks—and to which
I wish to call the attention of the country is,
that amnesty, this measure of peace, and that
was, as I had hoped, to restore kindly feelings
between all the people of the country, I am
mortified to find at last is to be tampered
with, killed off by indirection, and I am sorry
that the Senator from West Virginia, who
started so nobly this morning, is ready to
abandon his bill, and let it be killed for the
sake of substituting in its place a measure
misnamed a civil rights bill. The Senator
from Ohio 
Mr. MORTON. I had not yielded the floor ;
I submitted to an interruption.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought the Senator
interrupted me.
Mr. MORTON. No, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I had the floor and I
gave way to the Senator from Indiana. I have
been giving way first to one and then to
another.
Mr. MORTON. I had not yielded the floor.
I had it and had not yielded it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, [to Mr.
Trumbull.] You sat down and he began.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I sat down because the
Senator from Indiana tried to interrupt me.
Mr. MORTON. I did not seek the floor
until after the Senator had yielded.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well; I will give
way to the Senator from Indiana. I never
struggle for the floor.
Mr. MORTON. Intheremarks just spoken
by the Senator from Illinois, I think he seeks
to change the venue? The proposition that I
made was that where schools were supported
by taxation upon everybody, there must be
equal rights to everybody in those schools.
The Senator states in substance that the right
to send a child to such a school is not a civil
right. Now, the substance of the Senator's
position is this, and it needs but to be stated
to be understood, and I think universally ex-
ecrated, that there exists a right to levy a tax
upon everybody, white and black, tor the sup-
port, of common schools, and at the same time
to deny to everybody an equal right to partic-
ipate in the benefit of those schools. The
mere statement of that proposition is as strong
as it can be made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I never made any such
statement.
Mr. MORTON. That was the substance
of it, I think very clearly.
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to say a word, and
only a word, in reference to the remark of the
Senator from Illinois, who says that I have
abandoned amnesty. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Illinois knows just as well as I
know, and just as well as everybody on this
floor knows, that if we take up the amnesty
measure the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, known as the supplementary
civil rights bill, will be attached to it by a vote
of the Senate.' We know that it had a very
decided majority to attach it to the bill before.
Mr. TRUMB (JLL. I do not know any such
thing. I know it was defeated once, and then
adopted by a very small vote afterward. I
think the Senator's vote alone would be suffi-
cient to defeat it. _
Mr. SAWYER. I had the impression that
it was adopted by a considerable majority.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. By the cast-
ing vote of the Chair.
Mr. SAWYER. At any rate, our experi-
ence at that time was such as to justify us in
supposing that the passage of the amnesty bill
will be resisted in the Senate unless this is
attached to it, and resisted to the last degree.
There is no possible hope of passing the am-
nesty bill before the passage of the civil rights
bill, unless they are put together in this body,
and when they are put together, in my opinion,
they will be defeated as they were defeated
before.
Now, instead of having abandoned amnesty,
I am for taking that step which I believe is the
next step to take in order to pass an amnesty
measure. I want both these measures passed.
I want the measure of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts passed, as I said in the debate on
this occasion before. I want the amnesty bill
passed. I believe that they can both be passed
separately. I believe the civil rights bill can
be passed prior to the passage of the amnesty
measure. I do not believe the amnesty meas-
ure can be passed prior-to the passage of the
civil rights bill, and all the experience of the
Senate shows that it cannot be done. The
knowledge of the character of the Senator
from Massachusetts shows us that it cannot be
done. You know, Mr. President, and I know,
that the Senator from Massachusetts, who has
stood here hour after hour, and day after day,
and week after week in persistent attempts to
fasten the supplementary civil rights bill upon
the amnesty measure, and at last in successful
attempts to do it, will not allow the amnesty
bill to pass without having attached it ; that
there are a hundred ways besides those of
votes to defeat a bill if it comes alone in that
way unaccompanied by what he very hon-
estly, I have no doubt, certainly very ear-
nestly, maintains as being analural and proper
associate to the amnesty measure.
I differed from him upon that point. I
thought the measures were better consid-
ered separately. The Senator from Illinois
thought the measures were better considered
separately. But I say I want both these
measures considered ; I want both these meas-
ures enacted into a law. The Senate having
taken one course, and that course having re-
sulted in defeat to both measures, as I pre-
dicted it would, I am ready now to take the
other course, pass the measure of the Senator
from Massachusetts first, knowing lull weil
that there is no question about the passage
of an amnesty measure in the other end of
this Capitol,but that they will pass any bill on
that subject that we send them, and that we
have a clear two-thirds majority for it here.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish very briefly to
answer my honorable friend from Illinois,
[Mr. Trumbull.] I did not wish to interrupt
him while he was going on, bat I think I can
answer his question very satisfactorily to my-
self if not to him, and I think the answer
ought to be satisfactory to him because he was
the author of what is called the civil rights
bill, or at least had charge of it on its passage
and defended it with great ability. There is
not one woid in the bill that we are about to
pass, I hold, that is inconsistent with the civil
rights bill. The whole purpose of the pend-
ing measure is to enforce the civil rights bill.
Now, what is the bill to which this is an amend-
ment? The Senator from Illinois defended it
so ably that he certainly will not dispute any
of the powers asserted in this bill. In 1866,
before the passage of any con stitutional amend-
ment, when your fundamental law was the old
law of the fraroers of the Constitution 
Mr. TRUMBULL. After the passage of
the thirteenth amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. After the passage of the
amendment abolishing slavery.
Mr. SHERMAN. That had no effect except
to abolish slavery-.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. It made
everybody a citizen and gave him all civil
rights, too.
