4088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not pend-
ing. The Ohair thinks it is not in order under
the rule adopted by the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. But I wanted to argue
that it was in order and was perfectly germane,
and hence if the Chair decides that it is not in
order, I shall be compelled to appeal from
the decision of the Chair, and on that I shall
make some remarks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Maryland insists upon it after the intima-
tion of the Chair, the Chair will rule upon it,
so that the Senator from Michigan can appeal
and debate it; but if the Senator from Mary-
land does not insist upon it, there is nothing to
appeal from.
Mr. VICKERS. I will insist to enable the
Senator from Michigan to make his remarks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maryland insists on the amendment, and
the Chair rules tliat in accordance with the
rule adopted by the Senate it is not germane
to this bill, from which decision the Senator
from Michigan appeals, and the question is,
Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the Senate ?
Mr. CHANDLER. This whole section is
not germane to the bill at all; it is a shipping
section ; and I propose to move the bill reported
from the Committee on Commerce as a substi-
tute for this section. Certainly the whole of
that substitute is perfectly germane.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The steamboat
bill now pending on a conference report?
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that would be as germane as this.
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir; I have that in
my desk. I submit that this is perfectly ger-
mane, and hence I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. MORTON I move to lay the appeal on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I have an amendment
to offer, and I regret very much that it had not
been acted upon at an earlier hour. I am not
aware, however, that I have acted so very im-
properly as to preclude the idea of justice
being done in the Senate of the United States,
notwithstanding the decree has gone forth here
from my friend, the distinguished Senator from
Vermont, that he is indisposed to vote for any
amendment, be it right or wrong. We stop
not there, sir. On the other side of tlie House,
my distinguished friend from Indiana, with
whom I love to vote upon nearly all occasions,
has made it known that the temper of the
Senate is such as not to look favorably to any
amendment. This is very remarkable. I am
no filibuster. It is true I offered a motion
once this evening to adjourn. I did that in
good faith, and I have voted every time the
proposition has been submitted to adjourn,
Dut with no intention to endanger in any way,
manner, or shape the passage of this bill. I
have been anxious for it from the first.
Now, the amendment I offer is to strike out
on page 26 lines three hundred and sixteen,
three hundred and seventeen, three hundred
and eighteen, and three hundred and nineteen.
Will the Secretary be so kind as to read the
amendment?
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
strike out the following words:
Hides, namely, Angora goat-skins, raw, without
the wool, unmanufactured ; asses' skins, raw, un-
manufactured.
Hides of cattle, raw or uncured, whether dry,
salted, or pickled, and skins, except sheep-skins
with the wool on.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I have here the New
York Tribune of the 29th, and in presenting
this testimony I present that which is Liberal,
[laughter,] and the proposition that I submit
I leave to the sense of the Senate of the United
States. I go back to first principles, and I
will read this if I can get the attention of the
Senate.
"Hides.—The market has ruled extremely quiet
throughout the week, pending the action of Congress
in regard to the tariff question."
It will be seen by reading further on that
Texas, m the enumeration of the number of
hides on hand, has 46,300. They are worth
a quarter of a million dollars from the prices
as here given. Now, sir, why should they not
be pi-otected? It is not only my State, but the
whole southern Slates are directly and deeply
interested in this article : and in the State of
Texas, where we have eight or ten million
cattle, it is no inconsiderable item ; it is next
in rank to cotton, the great staple of the Union
so far as gold is concerned. It is a vast con-
sideration. These hides go to New York. 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
time has just expired. He spoke three min-
utes before the reading of the amendment, and
two minutes since.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I suppose it is very
satisfactory that the time is out. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from Texas.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 32; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Chandler, Clayton. Conk-
ling, Flanagan, Hitchcock. Kellogg, Morton, Osborn,
Pool. Ramsey, and Windom—12.
NAYS—Messsrs. Anthony, Bayard, Blair, Bore-
man, Caldwell, Casserly, Cole, Cooper, Cragin, Fre-
linghuysen, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland,
Harlan, Howe, Johnston, Kelly, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Norwood, Nye, Ransom. Sauls-
bury, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Sprague, Steven-
son, Stockton, Trumbull, Vickers, Wilson, and
Wright—32.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames. Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Cameron, Carpenter, Corbett, Davis of Ken-
tucky, Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds, denton,
Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Hill, Lewis, Logan,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt, Rice, Robertson, Sehurz,
Spencer, Stewart, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, and
W est—30.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. OSBORN. I move, on page 21, line
two hundred and four, of section five, to strike
out " arrow-root." 1 do that for the reason
that the cultivation of arrow-root is being un-
dertaken very extensively in my own State,
and I should be glad to have that stricken
from the free list.
The amendment tfas rejected.
Mr. SAWYER. I offer the following amend-
ment to come in on page 84, after line ten, of
section sixteen :
Sec. —. That thereshailbeappointedby thePresi-
dent, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, a commission of three persons, who shall be
selected from civil life, solely with reference to their
character and capacity for an honest and impartial
investigation, and ot whom at least one shall be
practically identified with the laboring interests
of the country, and who shall hold office for the
period of one year from the date of their appoint-
ment unless their duties shall have been sooner
accomplished, who shall investigate the subject of
the wages and hours of labor, and of the division
of the joint profits of labor and capital between the
laboier and the capitalist, and the social, educa-
tional, and sanitary condition of the laboring pop-
ulation of the United States, and how the same are
affected by existing laws regulating commerce,
finance, and currenoyProvided, That said com-
missioners shall be appointed irrespective of partisan
considerations, and from civil life.
Sec. —. That said commissioners shall receive an
annual salary of So,000 each; shall be authorised to
employ a clerk at an annual salary of $2,500, and
shall report the result of their investigation to the
President, to bo by him transmitted to Congress;
and there is. hereby appropriated for the payment
of said salaries $17,300, and SI,000 in addition thereto
foi stationery .and postage for the use of said com-
missioners.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is that in order, Mr.
President?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that by general parliamentary law an
amendment off'eredin Committee of the Whole
can be renewed in the -Senate. The embar-
rassment about this is the fact that thisamend-
ment was received by the Senate before they
adopted any restrictive rule in regard to
ameudments to this bill. After it was offered
they adopted a rule which requires that every-
thing shall be strictly germane to the bill..
Having received it and considered it in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the Senator from South
Carolina now offers it in the Senate. The
Chair will submit to the Senate whether they
will receive it, as they have received it once
as in Committee of the Whole. The ques-
tion is, Shall it be received by the Senate as
an amendment to the bill under the rule ?
Mr. SAWYER. I ask for the yeas and
nays upou that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This vote is to
decide whether under this rule the Senate can
now receive this amendment, having adopted
this rule since it was first received as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I agreed to pair with
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
nek] on this subject. I suppose he would
probably vote to receive the amendment. I
should vote against receiving it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Casserly, Clayton, Conk-
ling, Cragin, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Harlan,
Hitchcock, Howe, Kellogg, Morton, Osborn, Pool,
Ramsey, Sawyer, Scott, and Wilson—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Blair, Bore-
man, Caldwell, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Cooper,
Corbett, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hill,
Johnston, Kelly, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Nye,
Ransom, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague,
Stevenson, Stockton, Vickers, Windom, and
Wright—28.
ABSENT — Messrs. Ames, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Cameron, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West
Virginia, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut,
Ferry of Michigan, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, Lewis, Morrill of Vermont, Norwood,
Patterson, Pomeroy. Pratt, Rice, Sehurz, Spencer,
Stewart, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, and
W est—28.
So the amendment was not received.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the final passage
of the bill, I ask that an order to print the bill
as passed to-day be entered to-night, so that
it may be printed for the use of the House
to-morrow. I do this at the request of mem-
bers of the House.
The order to print was entered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now is on the passage of the bill, on which the
yeas and nays have been ordered. (
The question being taken by yea§ and nays,
resulted—yeas 49, nays 3 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Bayard, Blair,
Boreman, Caldwell, Carpenter, Casserly, Clayton,
Cole, Conkling, Cooper, Corbett, Cragin, Fenton,
Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan,Frelinghuysen, Gold-
thwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan, Hill,
Hitchcock, Howe, Johnston, Kellogg. Kelly, Lewis,
Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton, Norwood, Nye, Osburn, Pool, Ramsey, Ran-
som, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sherman, Stevenson,
Stockton, Thurman, Trumbull, Vickers, Wilson,
Windom, and Wright—49.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Scott, and Sprague—3.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Cameron, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West
Virginia, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Patterson, Pomeroy,
Pratt, Rice, Sawyer. Sehurz, Spencer, Stewart,
Sumner, Tipton, and West—22.
So the bill was passed.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2705) making appropriations for suudry
civil expenses of the Government for the fis-
cal year ending June 30,' 1873, and for other
purposes.
Mr. CONKLING. I desire to move an
adjournment, but first I wish to inquire of the
Senator from California to what hour he wants
us to adjourn to-morrow?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator object to the bill being taken up ?
Mr. CONKLING. I do.
, The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the ques-
tion is on taking it up.
