452
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 21,
Senate.
Extension of Ku Iilux Act—Mr. Bayard.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
and silver may be more than doubled, that is
to ray, brought to an annual yield of $140,-
000,000, which would, at one percent, of taxa-
tion, create enough additional revenue to pay
off the public debt in fifteen years. Such
elements of national wealth and power are in
our mines!
When Francis Bowen wrote his "Principles
of Political Economy," we had no national
debt. But in referring to the debt ot England
he used the following language :
"As th# depreciation goes on, taxation may be
extended pari passu without throwing any addi-
tional burden upon the community: and a sinking
fund formed out of the surplus thus obtained would
pay off the national debt in less than one genera-
tion. Our national debt, it is (rue, is but small, and
what little there is will quickly be extinguished.
But the debts of the individual States are large,
amounting in the aggregate to over $200,000,000, a
large portion of which is owned in Europe. It is,
therefore, satisfactory to remember that as the
monetary revolution will operate exclusively for
the beneflt of the indebted party, our own land will
derive ;vi much benefit from it, in proportion to our
means, as any other country on earth."
The effect of the increase of the precious
metals on taxation and national debt has been
often recognized by the financiers and states-
men of Great Britain, and was stated in the
following language by Sir ftobert Peel iu 1844:
"There is no con tract, public or private, no engage-
ment, national or individual, which is not affected
by it. The enterprises of commerce, the profits
of trade, the arrangements made in all domestic
relations of society, the wages of labor, pecuniary
transactions of the highest amount and the lowest,
the payment of the national debt, the provision for
the national expenditure, the command which the
coin of tho smallest denominntion has over the
necessities of lite, are all affected by it."
M. Chevalier, the well-known French writer
ou political economy, in his treatise on "The
Probable Pall in the Value of Gold," pub-
lished in 1859, says:
" Owing to tho discovery of the new gold mines, a
time will arrive when a change will come over the
British treasury as if some genii, an enemy of its
creditors, had spirited away their dividend war-
rants and substituted Others of only half ther value.
Not that the nuiftber of pounds sterling due to them
as principal, and of which the interest is counted
to them every six months, will bo diminished ; not
that thequantityofsold contained in the pound ster-
ling will be lessened: but tho British treasury will
henceforth dmw from the tax-papers each pound
sterling with aS little difficulty to them as it pre-
viously took to pay a half sovereign."
Mr. Speaker, it has been well said that min-
ing and agriculture are the two great forms of
productive industry. All human activities in
material things are based upon the products of
the field and of the mine—upon what is pro-
ducedatid upon what is exchanged. The soph-
istry that gold and silver money is merely a
conventional matter is altogether trivial. All
society is conventional. Every human institu
tion isconventional; and the tilings upon which
mankind have agreed are things which Provi-
dence has ordained. Gold and silver are the
world's money, or medium of exchange. They
have so been in all ages, and this accepted
medium must bear a certain relation to the vol-
ume of the world's business. Experience,
speaking more authoritatively than thephiloso-
pliers, has shown that in spite of all contriv-
ances of barter, credit, and paper money, the
supply of the precious metals is of vital import-
ance to all commercial nations.
But the sources of this supply are not per-
petual. Men till the same soil for generations ;
and, if it is properly cared lor, its productive-
ness is not impaired. But every mineral and
metallic deposit is certain, sooner or later, to
be exhausted. We may say, then, that mining
for the precious metal yields a permanent form
of wealth from a transient source, while agri-
culture yields a perishable wealth from aq
unfailing source. The mistakes of mining are
always, to a greater or less extent, irretiiev-
able. Wasteful and ignorant farmers may
exhaust the soil, but nature, time, and skill,
will restore it. Even the improvident destruc-
tion ot its forests entails upon a nation
only a temporary evil, since trees will grow
again*
But an economical exhaustion of a mine or of
a mining district can be brought about by reck-
less or unskillful mining beyond the possibil-
ity of restoration. There are mines in Mex-
ico, for instance, known to have been rich,
and to carry in depth a continuation of the
same deposits; buttheimprovidenceofformer
owners and the ignorance of engineers have
left the mines without adequate timbering or
support, and full of water, which, owing to
the irregular excavations made, cannot be
drained or pumped out except at enormous
expensei Those mines, rich as they still are,
remain practically inaccessible and therefore
worthless.
A wasteful and reckless manner of working
our own mines is fast bringing them into a con-
dition similar to those Mexican mines. The
remedy, before it shall be too late, is with the
Government,—though not by direct interfer-
ence with or control of this industry. No one
would advocate such a policy. But what I do
claim is, thattheinterestsofthepeople, thecon-
tinued prosperity of this country demand that
proper encouragementshould be given by legis-
lation to our mining industry as is given to
that other great industry—-agriculture. This
should be done by more liberal appropriations
for explorations and geological surveys through
that extensive region of our country, so rich, so
undeveloped, and so imperfectly known, slop-
ing toward the western sea.
Jt should be done by aiding that noble dar-
ing and self-reliance—that high spirit of enter-
prise, which has subdued the wilderness and
made its solitudes reecho witli the sounds of
free, intelligent, arid Christian labor ; which is
now leading the van of a coming civilization
that shall be better and truer, more charitable
and more humane, than you may find in many
older communities and States. It should be
done by placing in the miner's dwelling, in
the prospector's cabin, reports and statistics
upon their special industry ; results of methods
in producing and leducing ores; instructions
in assaying and in testing minerals ; in tracing
indications of mineral deposits; in making
practically available the best experience and
the best learning, and then—and 1 hope before
long—in the establishment of a national school
of mining.
Sir, our territorial area is complete, ocean-
bound, like the perfected shield of Achilles.
Safely stored far inland, guarded by mountain
and desert, are the great treasures of the Re-
public. To their conservation and develop-
ment I would direct your attention. They,
with agriculture, commerce, and the mechanic
arts, bind indisjolubly the interior both to
the East and to the West, and should make
our country a national growth, complete, also,
in all its parts, and wanting in no resource for
either peace or war.
Extension of Ku Klux Act.
SPEECH OF HON. THOMAS F. BAYARD,
Of DELAWARE,
In the Sexatk of the United States,
May 21, 1872.
The Senate having under consideration the bill
(S. No. 656) to extend the provisions of the fourth
section of the act approved Aprii 20, 1871—
Mr. BAYARD said:
Mr. President : A few days ago a bill was
brought before the Senate by the honorable
Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] to pro-
vide for holding the piesidential election in
Louisiana on a day different for holding the
same election in other States, thus violating, as
I conceive, the provisions of the Constitution
under the pretext that the State election of Lou-
isiana was held on the same day, afid that some
expense and trouble would be saved the electors
of that State by having both elections at the
same time. The day following another bill
was brought in extending the system of super-
vision by Federal appointees over all voting
places in the United States without limitation
as to population of the districts. I at that
time charged that this was a system, a general
plan, to usurp powers over the elections of
the country by the Federal Administration,
unwarranted by the Constitution and in viola-
tion of the whole theory of our system of
Government.
My protest, as usual, availed nothing ; but
the Senator from Indiana took occasion to
call me to account for having denounced those
measures as part of such a system and plan,
and denied the correctness of my charge. I
now reiterate it, and find cumulative proof in
this third feature of the system, prearranged
in the secret recesses of party caucus, des-
tined I well know to pass this body, and in-
tended in the desperation of party to give the
control of the coming presidential election
into the hands of one of the candidates. I
said then, Mr. President, that the steps of
power are stealthy, its approaches insidious,
and, therefore, more carefully to be watched
in their inception.
The country will recollect that a few days
before the adjournment of Congress in April,
1871, the President of the United States sent
in a hurried message to the Senate, upon
which the ink had scarcely dried, written as it
is believed in a room in this Capitol, inter-
lined by various hands, and requesting that
Congress should not adjourn until extraordin-
ary powers had been invested in him for the
repression of alleged disorders in the southern
States.
The consequence of this message was the
enactment into law of the act approved the
20th of April, 1871, entitled "An act to en-
force the provisions of the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution, and for other pur-
poses," and it is seldom that a general phrase
of legislation is more pregnant with dangerous
meaning than that—"for other purposes."
Dangerous as were the powers conferred by
that act upon the President, extreme and vio-
lent as was the measure in all its propositions,
it yet provided that one of the most dangerous
sections of the law should have but temporary
existence, and that its operations should cease
after the end of the then next regular session
of Congress.
It is now openly proposed what I must
believe was then secretly intended, to continue
the exercise of the dangerous and enormous
powers conferred under that section upon the
President until the end of the next session of
Congress, and until the opportunity shall have
been fully given him of using these powers for
the destruction of public liberty and to secure
his own reelection.
This bill gives the President of the United
States absolute and despotic power over the
people of any and every State, or part of a
State. He can select for the exercise of this
power any stronghold of his political oppo-
nents, and exclude those where his friends
may appear to be in the ascendency. It sub-
stitutes his irresponsible will for the safe-
guards of the Constitution. He can suspend
the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus in
his discretion.
'Ihe grant of power to suspend the privilege
of the writ of habeas co rpus is classified and con-
tained in the list ot powers delegated to Congress
and to them the power is grudgingly and care-
tully confided. In no event shall the writ be
suspended except, in ca«es of rebellion or inva-
sion, and not even in such cases unless public
safety may require it. Whoever before con-
tended or supposed, until these latter days of
