2296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
I beg the Senate to remember always in con-
sidering this subject two things: first, that
these lands never were within the public land
system of the United States. The public land
surreys never were extended over them, have
not been to this day, and never will be unless the
public land system is fundamentally changed.
Therefore, there was no way in which occu-
pants of such lands could obtain titles from the
United States. In the next place, as the
Supreme Court of the United States finally
held, they could not obtain title from the city
of San Francisco, because whether the city of
San Francisco had any title that she could dis-
pose of to them, was a question to be settled by
a litigation of years in the Federal courts. So
that there being no way to get title from the
United States, and, as it turned out, no way
to get title from the city of San Francisco,
and there being no other known sources of
title, the hardy and adventurous people who
went out there to San E'rancisco and on the
shores of her bay, and built up a great com-
mercial city for you, were obliged to take such
title as they could get. As 1 said, an occupa-
tion iu good faith was the only title in such
cases. It was always respected and never was
considered by the community of San Fran-
cisco as in any degree discreditable to the
occupant, or as constituting a trespass on his
part. The people ofSan Francisco took such
title as they could get. They never doubted
that it was a good title. If they erred, it was
by an error that was all but universal, and
which had all the signs and evidences of
truth.
Now, sir, I say that you have respected and
you are bound to respect such a title as I have
described ; and to consider the men who in
good faith, peaceably, under the protection of
your flag, and bearing true allegiance to it,
took up those lands on the bay ot' San Fran-
cisco. To them as much, perhaps much more
in those old days than to your capitalists or to
your rich merchants, was the growth of San
Francisco due. They took the risk of the
justice and the equity of the United States
m regard to their small holdings. They went
upon them; they built houses; they made
littlegardens, Familiesgrew up around them.
They were the true pioneersof California. As
a rule, a more meritorious class of men it
would be difficult to find ; as much remote
from the squatter, oppiobriously named, or
the trespasser, or l< the jumper," as can well
be conceived.
I trust that in disposing of this bill any such
injurious impression will be dispelled from
the minds of Senators. No impression could
be more unjust. The world never saw such a
spectacle as California presented when, with-
out law, without government, but by the in-
nate order and capacity for self-government
of the American people, she crystallized her-
self, by a process as certain and as beautiful as
the crystallizing processes of nature, into that
community of order, of peace, of enterprise,
of intelligence which we know as an American
State. The men who were foremost and most
efficient in producing such a result, the won-
der of the world, and, most of ail, of the
thinking men and of the statesmen of the
world, were of the class some of whom are
here to-day asking for a relief which seems to
me to be founded on the clearest equity, if the
Senate can only find the time to examine and
understand the subject.
It is a difficult subject, there is no doubt.
The complications of titles in San Francisco
were almost unparalleled in the United States,
probably quite unparalleled outside of the State
of Kentucky, where I have heard that lands
were pasted four or five deep with different sets
of titles. It is a very creditable thing to your
people in San Francisco, to their respect for the
law, and their respect for the rights of others,
that such complications were resolved without
injustice, and on the whole with so little violence
and so little bloodshed. ]
Mr. SHERMAN. But a word in reply.
The United States has the same title to the
land in California that it has to the land in
Ohio, by conquest, by acquisition. By the
treaty with Mexico, as a matter of course, we
acquired all the lands previously held by the
Government of Mexico. The mere question of
the extension of the surveys over those lands
does not affect the title of the United States.
The Supreme Court of the United States have,
after long litigation, decided that this land
belongs to the United States, is a military
reservation duly and legally made; that these
parties have no right to the lands, no right to
the proceeds of the lands; and now we pro-
pose at this hour to reverse the decision of the
Supreme Court by saying this land does not
belong to the United States, or ought not to
belong to the United States. If we ought not
to press our claim to this land against these
squatters, then we ought to abandon the land
as a military reservation. I would far rather
that this land should be ceded at once to these
settlers, with all their improvements, as aban-
doned by the United States, than undertake
to pay the value of this land in 1864, when it
was taken as a military reservation. You put
upon these fifty-five ac'resof land in San Fran-
cisco commissioners to assess its value under
a law by which the United States agree to pay
the value of the land, or leave itto the Court of
Claims to fix under their rule the value of the
land to be paid by the United States under a law
asserting the liability of the United States for
the value of the land, and there is no telling
what will be the valuation. It would be unjust
to the United States.
The Supreme Court having settled the fact
that the title of the whole of these lands
belongs to us as a military reservation, Congress
has already been extremely liberal in surren-
dering to the settlers on the land the great
body of it, reserving only about fifty-five acres,
according to a statement made to me. Under
these circumstances, to pay the individual oc-
cupants of these lands fur their improvements
is all that could be asked by the most favored
person. When a person makes improvements
on land, on a claim of title, however honest he
may be, however clear bis apparent title may
be, all he can claim ia the value of his im-
provements after, the rents and profits are
dedncied. To put those settlors or squatters,
or whatever you please to call them, in that
attitude, certainly is placing them in as favor-
able a light as they can be viewed.
I am regarding rather the interest of the
United States in this case. I am afraid that
this bill will place us in a position where
the liability will be several times what is
now stated to us, to wit: two hundred or
two hundred and fifty thousand dollars. I
think myself the bill ought to be recom-
mitted with a view to make proper provision
for the ascertainment of the value of the im-
provements on these lands at the time they
were taken by the United States, and to pay
the settlers for those improvements. To go
beyond that would be not only violating a gen-
eral principle reversing the decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States, but in-
volve us in a dangerous liability which ought
not to be incurred without fuller consideration.
I think it would be much wiser for the friends
of the bill to allow it to be recommitted, so
that some provision may be made to deduct
rents and profits. I am told that some of
these buildings that have been taken by the
Government of the United States, and occu-
pied by the Government of the United States,
have been erected a long time, that the rents
and profits have to a large extent paid the
parties the los3 they have incurred.
, Mr. WEST. The bill merely pays them for
tne lands and improvements, without rents
and profits.
Mr. SHERMAN. They have enjoyed the
rents and profits. These parties erected these
buildings anywhere between 1850 and 1864,
and they have enjoyed the possession of our
land, land which the Supreme Court of the
United States "has decided belongs to the Uni-
ted States, and therefore they ought to account
for the rents and profits. If they are paid the
value of their lands, as a matter of course they
will get the value of their improvements with-
out accounting for their rents and profits. It
seems to me that so important a bill as this,
involving so large an amount, somewhere be-
tween a quarter of a million and a million,
ought not to be passed without fuller consid-
eration. I therefore move that the bill be
recommitted to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. COLE. I have but a word to add.
After the statement made by my friend from
Ohio I ought to say that the title or claim of
the parties to this land was precisely the same
as that of parties to nearly all the rest of the
land in the city of San Francisco, and just as
good, except that this, for the convenience of
the Government, was afterward claimed as
a military reservation. Nearly all the other
lands in San Francisco are claimed by possess-
ory right, by persons going on them in the
same manner precisely as persons went upon
these lands, and no one can therefore dispute
that these claimants have an equitable claim
to the lands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Ohio moves that the bill be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
r. e. de russy.
Mr. WILSON. I have one more bill that I
wish to have acted upon. I move to take up
Senate bill No. 769.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. *769) to close the accounts of R. E. De
Russy, late colonel corps of engineers, de-
ceased, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. In order to close the accounts for dis-
bursements of R. E. De Russy, late colonel
corps of engineers, deceased, the bill directs
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
to allow and credit him the sum of $3,066 80,
or such sum as may be neeessary to close his
accounts ; but this amount is not to exceed
thatauthorized in the settlement of the accounts
of disbursing officers by the act entitled '-An
act to authorize the settlement of the accounts
of officers of the Army and Navy,?' approved
June 23,1870.
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
soldiers' deposits, etc.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to enter a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the Senate
passed the bill (S. No. 448) to establish a
system of deposits, to -prevent desertion, and
elevate the condition of the rank and file of
the Array. The Senator from Delaware [Mr.
Saulsbury] had an amendment which he de-
sired to propose to the bill, but he was not
present iu the Chamber at the time it was
acted upon, and I therefore submit the motion
to reconsider.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
reconsider will be entered.
Mr. WILSON. Let it come up to-morrow
or some other day, unless the Senator is ready
to offer his amendment now.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am ready to do so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then if there
be no objection the vote by which the bill
was passed, and also the vote by which it was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading^
will be regarded as reconsidered. The Chair
hears no objection. The bill is now open to
amendment.
_Mr. SAULSBURY. I move to amend the
bill by inserting at the end of the first section
the following proviso:
Provided, That every paymaster in the Army, be-
iqre receiving on deposit any money under the pro-
visions of this act, shall give to the United States a-
