1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL G-EOBE.
1401
Mr. WOOD. I desire to know whether the
gentleman from Nevada [Mr. Kendall] holds
the floor by the courtesy of the gentleman from.
Ohio, [Mr. Gakfield.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Nevada asks unanimous consent.
Is there objection to his making a statement ?
The Chair hears none.
Mr. KENDALL. I certainly can appeal
to the courtesy of the House and claim that I
have not hitherto trespassed on its time or
patience. WeU, what is this bill? It is a
Senate bill coming here with the unanimous
concurrence of the delegation from my State,
and it asks for what? That the grant of
lands made for the purpose of providing for
the erection of college buildings in our State,
which is about to lapse by reason of the fact
that those buildings have not been erected,
should be extended for a still further time in
order that we may have the opportunity to go
on and comply with the terms of the grant and
erect the necessary buildings. Gentlemen
may ask why we have been unable to erect
these buildings heretofore. In reply to that
I say that we in that far western country
have been engaged in hewing from the wil-
derness the foundations of a Commonwealth;
that we have been contending with the ele-
ments and with savage tribes; chat we have
had our time fully occupied in winning from
all these adverse circumstances the where-
withal to gain a livelihood and in making way ia
that new land. N ow. then, this grant is about
to lapse. We have been occupied otherwise,
but even now our people are engaged in the
movement for the location of this college and
the erection of the necessary buildings. We
come before you asking only a little farther
time in which to do this work. That is all
there is in the bill, and I trust there will be no
opposition to its passage.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, received its several
readings, and was passed.
Mr. KENDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
report oe the commissioner of education.
Mr. PERCE, from the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, and referred under the law to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Sevolved, That there be printed fifty thousand ex-
tra copies of thesecond volume of the report oi tho
Secretary of the Interior containing the report of
the Commissioner of Education, twenty-five thou-
sand copies of which shall be for the use of the
House of Representatives, twelve thousand five
hundred for the use of the United States Senate, and
twelve thousand five hundred for the use of the
Bureau of Education.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I ask a sus-
pension of the rules, in order that the bill
which I send to the Clerk's desk may be put
upon its passage.
Mr. KELLOGG. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I insist on my
motion.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. There is no
objection to this bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I gave way for
unanimous consents, and now I must insist
upon my motion, although I am willing to
yield for unanimous consents, but not for sus-
pension of the rules.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. There can be
110 objection to my bill. It is a bill to remove
the disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States from certain citizens therein named,
and I may state that there are only five of
then.
Mr. PERCE. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to that bill.
Mr. AMBLER. I object to the bill.
william a. halpine.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1849) for
the relief of William G. Halpine; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
order of business.
Mr. L. MYERS. I ask leave to have taken
from the Speaker's table a bill to which, when
it is read, I know there will be no objection.
Mr. RUSK. I object.
trowel bayonets.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to offer the following res-
olution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of "War be, and he
is hereby, directed to furnish this House for its in-
formation tho results of the experimental trials
made in the Army under his orders in the use of the
trowel bayonet, by the troops in the field, with such
of his observations and recommendations thereon
as he may deem proper.
Mr. HANKS. I object.
Mr. McINTYRE. This is the day for the
suspension of the rules, and when it is in order
to move a suspension of the rules. I had the
floor awhile ago, and it was my object to move
a suspension of the rales to put a certain bill
upon its passage. I asked unanimous consent
to put it upon its passage, and there was objec-
tion, and then another motion was made by
another gentleman.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will state the business before the House. The
gentleman from Ohio, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, [Mr. Garfield,]
was recognized to move to go into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union upon
the deficiency bill. The gentleman from "Ohio
has yielded to the introduction of such busi-
ness as may give rise to no objection. Does
the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. McTntybe]
object to that arrangement? If not, the res-
olution of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] will be received and adopted.
Mr. McINTYIlE. I do not object to that.
No objection being made, the resolution was
received and adopted.
order OS business.
Mr. McINTYRE. I now ask the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] to yield to
me to move to suspend the rules for the pur-
pose I have indicated.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohjo. I cannot do
that. I will yield to any business by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. McINTYRE. Then I object to any-
thing being done by unanimous consent.
Mr. McNEELY. I would inquire of the
Chair under what rule it is that the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] takes the
floor and holds it during Monday, preventing
motions to suspend the rules ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. By the rule
of unanimous consent, of which the gentle-
man is a part.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I object to any further
business by unanimous consent,
Mr. KELLOGG. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man will state it.
Mr. KELLOGG. My point of order is that
I understood the Chair to recognize me a few
moments ago simply to introduce a bill and
have it referred.
Mr. GA RRETT. I call for the regular order.
Mr. PLATT. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will hear it.
Mr. PLATT. Will the effect of insisting
upon the regular order at this time be to bring
the House to a vote at once npon the motion
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield?]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The regular
order, which is demanded by the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Garrett,] is the motion
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,]
that the rules be suspended and the House
now resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the special order.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 56, noes 46; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Garfield
of Ohio, and Mr. Harris of Virginia, were
appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there w ere—ayes 68, noes 58.
Before the result of this vote was announced,
Mr. YOUNG called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POTTER. I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry.
The SPEAKER pro tempore,. The Chair
will hear the gentleman.
Mr. POTTER. Does the motion just put
to the House, and upon which the tellers have
declared the vote, require a two-thirds vote to
carry it?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the
rules a majority is sufficient to suspend the
rales and go into Committee of the Whole on
an appropriation bill,
Mr. POTTER. On Mondays?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. On any day.
Mr. POTTER, I do not think that was
understood by members.
Mr. McNEELEY. Pending this motioD, is
it in order to move a suspension of the rules?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The pending
motion is for a suspension of the rules.
Mr. McNEELEY. I understood the Chair
to rule that it was a motion that would be de-
cided by a majority vote.
The SPEAKER_pro tempore. The Chair has
decided that a motion to suspend the rules and
resolve the House into Cojnmittee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on an appropriation
bill can be decided by a majority vote.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 95, nays 74, not voting 71 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Banks. Barber, Barnum,
Barry, Beatty, Beveridge, Bigby, Austin Blair, James
Brooks, Buckley. Buffmton, Burchard, Benjamin F.
Butler, Cobb, Coburn, Conger. Cotton, Darraii,
Dawoe, Dickey, Don nan. Duel I, Karnes, Farnsworth,
Finkelnburg, Charles Foster, Garfield, Goodrich,
Ilarmer, George K Harris, Havens, Hawley, Hay,
Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, Hill, Hoar,
ICelley, Kellogg, Ketcham, Killinger, Lansing, Lowe,
Marshall, McOormick, MeGrew, Mejunkin, Mercur,
Merriam, Monroe, Neglcy, Niblack, Orr. Packard,
Paoker. Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Peek, Pendleton,
Perce, Peters, Piatt, Rainey, Ellis If. Roberts, Rusk,
Sargent, Sawyer, Seeley, Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon,
Shoemaker, 11. Boardman Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Sprague, Starkweather, Ste-
venson, Stoughton, Strong, Swann, Taife, Thomas,
Washington Townsend,Turner,Tyner, Upson,Wake-
man, Walden, Wallace, Wheeler, Whitejey, Willard,
William? of Indiana, and Jeremiah M. Wilson—95.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arthur, Beck,
Bell, Bingham, Bird, James G. Blair, Boles, Brax-
ton, Bright, George M. Brooks, Caldwell, Conner
Cox, Crebs, Critcher, Crossland, Davis, Dox. Du-
Bose, Duke, Bunnell, Eldredge, Forker, Henry D.
Foster, Garrett, Getz. Golladay, Haldeman. llalsey,
Hancock, Ilandley, Hanks, Harper, John T. Harris
Herndon, Hibbard, llolman, Kerr, Laiiusnn, Leach,
Lewis, Ma.nson, McClelland, Mclntyre, MeKinney,
McNeely, Benjamin F. Meyers, Potter, Price, Ran-
dall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Itice, William
R. Roberts, Sherwood, Slater, Sloenm, Sloss, Thomas
J. Specr, Storm, Stoweil, Terry, Tuthiil, Van Trump,
Voorhees. Waddell, Warren, Wells. Williams of
Nciv York, Winchester, Wood, and Young—74.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Aoker, Ames, Averill,
Biggs, Burdett, Roderick R. Butler, Campbell. Car-
roll, William T. Clark, Freeman Clarke, Coghlan,
Cotningo, Creely, Crocker, De Large, Elliott, Ely,
Fanvcll, Wilder D. Poster, Frye, Griffith. Hale,
Hnmbleton. Hays, Hereford, Hooper, Houghton,
Kendall, King, Kmsella, Lamport, Lynch, May-
nard, McCrary, McIIenry, McKec, Merrick, Mitch-
ell,Moore, Morey,Morgan ,Morphis, Leonard Myers,
Hosea W. Parker, Aaron F. Perry, Eli Perry, Poland,
Porter, Prindle, Ritchie, Robmsou, Rogers, Roose-
velt, Scofield, Sheila,barger, Sbober, John A. Smith,
R. Milton Speor, Stevens, St. John, Sutherland,
Sypher, Dwight Townsend, Twiehcil, Vaughiyn
Waldron, Walls, Whitthorne, and John T. Wil-
son—71.
So the motion of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio,
was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Stevenson in the chair,) and
