1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
505
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, my memory
goes back to several administrations of govern-
ment in the city of Washington. That of Mayor
Wallach, which there was such great effort
to reform, resulted in the election of Mayor
Bowen. The administration of Mayor Bowen
was short-lived, because of the complaint that
liis administration seemed worse than that
of Mayor Wallach. To relieve the city of all
burdens of that sort of reform the people rose
and elected a new mayor. That administration
so. failed to commend itself to our ideas of
reform that we abolished the government all
together and elected a new one. I join with
my friend from New York [Mr. Potter] iu
expressing my great regrets for having given
it any support of mine. Step by step these
attempts at reform have landed the poor Dis-
trict of Columbia where it is to-day.
I do not know, sir, anything about the jus-
tice of these complaints. I know the outcry
is long and loud from all quarters. 1 am one
of those, sir, who have a kind of chronic habit
for this sort of thing, and I pledged myself
long ago, wherever 1 could see the head of a
rascal or thief above water, whether of my
party or of anybody else's party, I would hit it
if I could. [Laughter.] I am one of those
who believe in probing our own sores, and so
far as we are responsible for this condition of
things, if it is such as will commend itself to
our judgment, I want the credit for it. If it
is what these people say it is, only going from
bad to worse and from worse to worse, I want
to know it, and hold those who are guilty re-
sponsible for it. Therefore, I join heartily in
this effort at investigation, and that nobody
may have occasion to say there is the slightest
effort at concealment, I hope there will be a
special committee. While I have great confi-
d'ence in the Committee for the District of
Columbia, there is, as has been stated by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood,] some
reason why it would be better to send this to
a special committee, and I hope the gentle-
man from Illinois will so have his resolution
referred.
Mr. COX. I hope the gentleman from Illi-
nois will allow me one moment.
Mr. FA RNSWORTH. I will yield to the
gentleman from New York.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, there is reference
in that memorial to the city of New York.
[Laughter.] I confess, sir, I was one of those
who had some humiliation as to the condition
of things in New York, brought about by both
parties in that city, and brought about by both
parties in the legislation of that State, but I
believe the party to which I have the honor to
belong have been endeavoring to be just and
thorough in their investigation of those who
were doing wrong and who were wronging the
people. Gentlemen on 1he other side of the
House, and some of my friends on this side
of the House, feel some humiliation to-day for
having voted for this charter for the city of
Washington. We all feel an interest in this
political metropolis of the nation. We all want
it administered purely as an example to all the
other municipalities of the country; but for one,
sir—and I wish the House would heed a man
who speaks not only of the past, but of the
present—I did not vote for this miserable cari
cature of government.
I did not vote to tie up the District to the
door-bell of the White House. I did not vote
to bring reproach upon this magnificent cap-
ital of our country. I will vote for any meas-
ure that any gentleman will propose, not to
smother, but to drag out everything connected
with the peculiar management of the city of
Washington. I am glad to see my old com-
rade of many years ago, the leader of this
House, coming forward to demand a special
committee for this investigation. Let us all
go to work in that spirit and it will give some-
thing of grace and dignity to the city of W ash-
ingtor. and the country of which it is the cap-
ital.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now yield to the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridge.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I was one of those on
this side of the House who douhted the pro-
priety of the organization of these two cities
of Washington and Georgetown into what is
called the government of the District of Colum-
bia. There wer.e considerations, however,
addressed to me that had weight with me. I
must eonfess; and the principal one was that
thepopular government, which had been organ-
ized or reconstructed by the Republican party
in this District, was one that was intolerable
to the white people of the District. The strong-
est consideration urged upon us on this side
of the House was that the government which
was then in force here, the " negro govern ment,''
as it was called, was such that the people, the
white people of Washington, could not sub-
mit to it without humiliation and degradation.
It was argued that the President of the Uni-
ted States, having thepowcrto appoint one of
the branches of the Legislature, would appoint
men of character and of dignity, without dis-
tinction of party, representative men 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope my friend
from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldbidgb] will not make
a party speech on this occasion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I am not making a party
speech, or any more of a parly speech than
the facts of the case absolutely require. I am
stating the facts connected with the passage
of the organic act of the District. I kuow
nothing about the charges made against the
city government, whether true or false. There
are men connected with the government of
high respectability and of honorable character.
But the objection I had to the original measure
was one which was fundamental, and it was that
which prevented my supporting it, although I
desired to relieve the people of the District
from a government which they claimed was
almost intolerable, such as they could not bear
without dishonor and degradation. The objec-
tion that I had was that it placed one branch
of this Legislature, one entire branch, abso-
lutely in the hands and control of one man, the
appointing power provided for by the bill.
That it would be political I expected. I did
not expect il would be so intensely partisan
as it was made. It was promised that there
shouldbe nothing partisan in the appointments.
We were assured that it would be composed
of high-minded, liberal men, representing the
property, the character, and the dignity of the
District of Columbia. I could not, however,
find it consistent with my views of duty and of
constitutional law to vote for the proposition.
1 am glad 1 did not vote to place in the hands
of any Executive the power to appoint all the
members of an entire branch of a legislative
body. My opinions have been confirmed by
what was done under that act. If I had doubts
then, I have convictions now, that it is not
wise to make any Legislature subject to the
appointment of any Executive.
Now one word iu regard to this investiga-
tion. Some of these charges I have heard
made myself. I do not know that any one of
them is true, nor can I say they are false of
any knowledge of my own. It is a matter of
entire personal indifference to me, although I
am a member of the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, whether this investigation
shall take place under the charge of that com-
mittee, or whether it shall go to a select com-
mittee. It seems to me, however, that it would
be more appropriate, unless there are special
objections to the Committee for the District,
that that committee should take charge pf the
matterand make the investigation. But I insist,
with the other gentlemen who have spoken,
that the investigation shall now take place. If
there be corruption, if there be dishonesty, if
there is fraud, if there is unnecessary extrava-
gance, let it be exposed. And let the respon-
sibility, the censure, fall where it belongs. It
belongs, in my judgment, to the Republican
party at all events. It is bantling, good or bad.
It made the government, and it cannot escape
the responsibility. And if, as indicated here,
there be rottenness equal to that of Tammany,
let the head of the Government, the appointing
power of one half of the Legislature, fall under
it, and let the party not now shrink from nor
ignore the responsibility for whatever the gov-
ernment may prove to bo.
Mr._ BANKS. I hope the gentleman from
Illiuois will yield to me to ask a question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I yield to the gen-
tleman.
Mr. BANKS. I wish to ask what worse the
government of the District of Columbia has
done than that which Congress has permitted
for ten or fifteen years; that is, the occupation
of the street directly in front of the Capitol by-
railway tracks? 1 hope the committee to be
appointed will take that subject into consid-
eration. T send to the Chair an amendment
having reference to that matter.
The SPEAKER. That amendment oan
only be offered by unanimous consent.
Mr. BANKS. Then I ask consent to have
that amendment made, so that the inquiry
shall extend to what measures are necessary
to remove the locomotive railroad track im-
mediately in front of the entrance of the Cap-
itol, which is an inconvenience and peril to
members of Congress as to all other persons.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suggest that that
had better be sent to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. STARK WE AT HE R. I must object to
that amendment.
The SPEAKER. The pending motion is a
motion to suspend the rules, which is not
amendable. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Fauhswortd] has been occupying the lloor,
and yielding it by unanimous consent only,
his motion not being debatable.
_ Mr. FARNSWORTH. If there be no objec
tion, I will yield for a moment to the gentle-
man from Connecticut, the chairman of the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. /The matter under
consideration is a matter of indifference to me
as chairman of the Committee for the District
of Columbia, except in so far as it may appear
from some of the suggestions made hero by
gentlemen that this subject is not in a fair way
of examination. I would slate to the House
that the committee have arranged with gentle-
men representing the District, as far as we
could, for a hearing in this matter. The gen-
tlemen who drew up thi3 petition came to me
and said they desired to have a hearing, and
I believe they also made application of the
same character to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia of the Senate. Now, I do not
care what disposition is made of the matter
further than this: the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia are a new committee—with
one or two exceptions, gentlemen appointed
upon that committee by the Speaker at the
present session. I suppose this matter is one
as properly referable to them as to any other
parties. We have given-to the parties inter-
ested every assurance of a fair hearing before
our committee.
Now, another matter is proposed here by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,]
and whether that matter belongs properly to
the Committee for the District of Columbia
or to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds I do not know, and if all matters in
regard to railroad interests are to go to the
Committee for the District of Columbia, I can
say that that committee embraces gentlemen
well known here—the gentleman from Indiana,
the gentleman from Vermont, and gentlemen
from other States, who are as well qualified to
consider these questions as any committee that
can be raised.
Mr. DAWES. I made the suggestion that
I did not of my own motion, but ac the instance
of others. I now withdraw the suggestion, so
