1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4089
Mr. COLE. We had better adjourn to the
usual hour, I think.
Mr. CONKLING. I think not. I do not
think we can come here at eleven o'clock.
We must have some sleep if we are going to
do any work to-morrow.
Mr. MORTON. Would it be in order to
move to take a recess until nine o'clock ?
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. It would be.
Mr, CONKLING. Then I wish to make a
motion. I move that the Senate take a recess
until either one or two o'clock, if Senators
have any preference.
Mr. COLE. I do not yield for that.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 believe I have the
floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California made his motion and then
the Senator from New York took the floor to
move an adjournment or executive session,
which is privileged under the rule.
Mr. COLE. The Senator l'rom New York
rose for an inquiry, I thought.
Mr. CONKLING. Not at all. I rose to
claim the floor, and I have the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I rise to a question of
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
will state his question of order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A motion to take a
recess beyond the meeting the next day is not
in order. The rule does not mean that; but
it must be a recess during the same day, not a
recess from day to day. That would be an
adjournment. Besides, a motion to take a
recess is not in order while another motijn is
pending.
The. VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order made by the Senator
from Illinois, because by a standing rule the
Senate meets at eleven o'clock each day, and
although the legislative day would continue for
seventy-two hours if the Senate remained in ses-
sion, yet a recess could not be made formally
beyond that particular time when the next
day's session commences.
Mr. CONKLING. I had no doubt that the
point of order would be well taken, and there-
fore I did not make the motion ; it was sug-
gesred by another Senator. I want to ask a
question of the Chair. Is it in order to move
that when the Senate adjourns it adjourn to
meet at a different hour from the hour fixed ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to entertaining
that motion while another is peuding, as not
being in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. When the Sen-
ate changed its hour to eleven o'clock it said
"unless otherwise ordered," which gave the
right to change it; but that motion is not in
order while a motion is pending to take up a
bill. There are only three motions in order
that take precedence of that now pending:
first, for a recess, which must be to a time
before the next meeting of the Senate; second,
for adjournment; and the third for an executive
session.
Mr. CONKLING. I have not surrendered
the floor, although I will in a moment. I do
not know whether I am in favor of taking up,
as one member of the Senate, the sundry civil
bill or not. I would like to have the oppor-
tunity of voting upon that to-morrow. The
river and harbor bill is an important bill, and
I know there is a great anxiety to consider it,
and I do not see any reason for considering
the sundry civil bill in advance of that. I
wish, therefore, the Senator would let us take
a recess, or adjourn to a convenient hour, and
then take the sense of the Senate at that hour
as to which bill they will proceed with. The
Senate is very thin now, and I ask the Sena-
tor from California to agree that we may now
adjourn to a convenient hour, and at that hour
take the sense of the Senate as between these
two bills.
Mr. COLE. I prefer the sense of the Sen-
ate as to whether they will take up this appro-
priation bill now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California having charge of the appro-
priation bills is recognized for the purpose of
testing the sense of the Senate as to whether
they will go on with them. He has moved to
take up the sundry appropriation bill, and that
question is now pending.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think I shall desire
to antagonize the river and harbor bill, and 1
would prefer that the other bill should not be
taken up to night.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Cal-
i fornia.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Is it in order
for me to move that when the Senate adjourns
it adjourn to meet at two o'clock?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not pending
the motion of the Senator from California, the
Senator from Illinois having made the point
of order. The question is on the motion of
the Senator from California.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. The bill is taken up.
Now I move that when the Senate adjourns it
adjourn to meet at two o'clock to morrow.
Mr. NYE. I move to amend by saying
twelve o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York moves that when the Senate
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet at two
o'clock to-morrow, (Friday.)
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The question being put on the motion to
adjourn, a division was called for; and the ayes
were 25 and the noes 20.
Mr. POOL called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. Can we not compromise
on twelve o'clock ?
Mr. CRAG1N. I suggest one.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to compromising on twelve o'clock, as
suggested by the Senator from Ithode Island ?
Air. TRUMBULL. I would not object to
compromising on twelve o'clock ["Agreed."
"Agreed,"] by unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT, (at two o'clock
and forty five minutes a. m. of Friday, May
31.) Is there objection? The Chair hears
none; and the Senate stands adjourned until
to-morrow (Friday) at twelve o'clock.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 31, 1872.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Praver by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
D. b.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
a. g. booth.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania, moved that
the rules be suspended, that the Committee
of Claims be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1241) for the
relief of A. G. Booth, late assistant assessor
in the twenty-first revenue district of Pennsyl-
vania, and that the same be passed.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to A. G. Booth, late assistant
assessor in the twenty-first revenue district of
Pennsylvania, the compensation payable to
assessors in said district, from the 15th day of
January, 1868, until the 8th day of April,
1869, being the period during which he acted
as assessor, after deducting the amount paid
him as assistant assessor during the same
period.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds hav-
ing voted in favor thereof,) and the bill was
passed.
• order of business.
Mr. SHANKS. I move that the rules be
suspended for the purpose of passing the bill
(S. No. 508) for the relief of certain tribes of
indians in the northern superintendency; but
pending that motion I yield to the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Conger] to ask for a
committee of conference.
port huron, etc., railroad company.
Mr. CONGER. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table the bill (II.
R. No. 205) confirming to the Fort Huron and
Lake Michigan Railroad Company the lands
heretofore granted,to the State of Michigan
to aid in the construction of a railroad from
Grand Haven to Flint, and thence to Port
Huron, and providing for the manner of issu-
ing patents therefor, and for other purposes,
•with an amendment by the Senate, with a view-
to having the amendment of the Senate non-
concurred in, and a committee of conference
appointed.
Mr. HOLM AN. I desire to have the amend*
ment of the Senate reported.
Mr. CONGER. If the gentleman will allow
me, I think I can explain it in a moment. The
amendment is a provision in regard to some
persons who have settled on the lands, con-
firming their rights and making the judge of
the district the arbiter.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let the amendment be
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to the end of the bill the following section:
Sec. 2. That all bona fide purchasers of or settlers
on lands embraced within the limits of the said
grant, their assignees or legal representatives, being
innocent purchasers of the lands they claim or oc-
cupy, having in good faith purchased from parties
holding and selling said lands under and by virtue
of a certain decree of the circuit court for the
county of Oakland and State of Michigan, rendered
on the ftth day of December. A. D. 1863, in a certain
cause wherein Morgan L. Drake was plaintiff and
the Detroit and Milwaukee Railroad Company and
others were defendants, shall have the right, so
soon as the said Port Huron and Lake Michigan
Railroad Company shall have complied with the
conditions of this act, and before the said lands
shall be certified by the Governor of the State of
Michigan to said company as herein provided, to
present to the United States district judge of the
western district of Michigan the evidence of their
title and purchase as aforesaid, and if their title be
derived by purchase from persons holding under
the sale made under the decree of the court as afore-
said, and upon depositing in the court for the bene-
fit of the said Port Huron and Lake Michigan Rail-
road Company Spl 23 per acre, each one so proved to
have been purchased as aforesaid, then the said
district judge shall certify these facts to the Secre-
tary of the Interior, whereupon the said Secretary
shall cause patents iu fee-simple to be issued to said
settlers or purchasers for the lands embraced in
their respective purchases and to each separately;
and the remaining lands not thus patented to set-
tlers, occupants, or purchasers as aforesaid, shall
be conveyed directly to the said railroad company
according to the terms of the first section c£ this
act.
Mr. HOLMAN. I certainly should desire
some explanation as to requiring those set-
tlers to pay $1 25 per acre tor the benefit of
this railroad company. If the circumstances
are as seem to be indicated here, I apprehend
that this is a provision in behalf of the rail-
road company alone, as against the settlers,
requiring the settlers to pay for their lands
twice. But if the gentleman will move to non-
concur and ask for a committee of conference
I will agree to that.
Mr. CONGER. That is what I desire to do.
I move that the amendment be non-concurred
in, and that the House ask for a committee of
conference.
There was no objection ; and it was so
ordered.
Mr. SHANKS. I yield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] to offer a
resolution.
hall op representatives.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I offer
a resolution, to which I think everybody will
agree.
The Clerk read as follows:
Revolved, That a committee of five be appointed
by the Speaker to consider, together with the archi-
