1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
453
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Extension of Ku Klux Act—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
usurpation, that the senatorial decree of ancient,
Kome should go forth, nc quid detrimenti
respublica capiat; and this decree, be it re-
membered, always preceded the appointment
of a dictator. If such power can have any
pretense of existence in a government so lim-
ited and defined in its jurisdiction as ours, it
surely must be one of the highest aud most
responsible acts of legislation, and cannot be
pretended to be vested in a department of the
Government incapable of making any law or
of prescribing any rule of conduct to anybody.
Laws should be intended to guard the liberty
of the citizen, and to the Legislature alone
have the people delegated the power of mak-
ing or modifying laws. Yet this bill would
give to the Kxecutive the power to take away
liberty itself, the very end for which laws were
designed.
By the current of judicial decisions from
Marshall to Taney the question of suspension
of the writ of habeas corpus depends upon
political considerations on which the Legis-
lature alone is to decide. To them exclu-
sively it belongs, aud they must exercise their
limited jurisdiction over the question under
a high discretion inherent in their own bodies
and incapable in its very nature from being
delegated to another department of the Gov-
ernment.
The law is furthermore unconstitutional
because it invades the inherent essential police
powers of the several States, without which
and the free unimpeded exercise of which they
would be States in name only. It assumes
Federal jurisdiction over municipal police
matter*, which it cannot be pretended was
ever delegated to CongresR by the Constitu-
tion, and which are therefore expressly and
necessarily reserved to the several States or to
the people thereof.
It is scarcely worth while to repeat here tlie
history of our Government illustrated by an
unbroken series of judicial decisions on this
point, and yet, nevertheless, as perhaps these
extreme measures may prove to be the starting
point for a reaction in tavorof a respect for the
limitations of our Government, which cannot
take place too soon, and which Ideem essential
for the preservation of the liberties of the
people, I will recall to the Senate by short
extracts the true theory of our Government in
respect of the separation of powers, the defi-
nition of powers, between the Federal Govern-
ment and those of the States. In the case of
the Oily of New York vs. Milne, (11 Peters,
132.) Judge Barbour, who delivered the opin-
ion of the court, says :
" Let us sue what powers are left with the States.
The federalist, in the forty-iit'th number, speaking
of this subject, says: 'the powers reserved to the
several States wili extend to all the objects which
in the ordinary course of affairs concern the lives,
liberties, and properties of the people; and_ the
internal order, improvement, and prosperity of the
State.'
" And this court, in the case of gibbons vs. Ogden,
(9 Wheat., 203,) which will hereafter be more par-
ticularly noticed, in speaking ot the inspection laws
ot the States, say: 1 they form a portion of that im-
mense mass of legislation which embraces everything
within the territory of a State not surrendered to
the General Government, all which can be most ad-
vantageously exercised by the States themselves.
Inspection laws, quarantine laws, health laws of
every discription, as well as laws for regulating the in-
ternal commerce of a State, and those which respect
turnpiko roads, ferries, Arc., are component" parts of
this mass.'" ********
" We choose rather to plant ourselves on what we
consider impregnable positions. They are these:
that a State has the same undeniable and unlimited
jurisdiction over all persons and things, within its
territorial limits, as any foreign nation; where that
jurisdiction is not surrendered or restrained by the
Constitution of the United States. That, by virtue
of this, it is not only the right, but the bounden and
solemn duty of a State, to advance the safety, hap-
piness, and prosperity of its people, and to provide
lor its general welfare, and by any and every act ot
legislation which it may deem to be conducive to these
ends; where the power over the particular subject or
the manner of its exercise is not surrendered or re-
strained, in the manner just stated. That all those
powers which relate to merely municipal legisla-
tion, or what may, perhaps, more properly be called
internal police, are not thus surrendered or re-
strained; and that, consequently, in relation to
these, the authority of a State is complete, unquali-
fied, and exclusive."
There were dissenting opinions in that case,
but not as to those doctrines and principles.
Tliey are, if anything, more pointedly ap-
proved by Mr. Justice Thompson and by Mr.
Justice Story in their dissenting opinions
in that case. The same principles were ex-
amined with great care and thought over very
vigorously in the famous passenger cases to be
found in 7 Howard. The doctrine that the
internal police powers of the State are her
own, are beyond the power of Congress for
interference and cannot be disturbed, is a po-
sition which the court, in the case from which
I have just read, called "impregnable," and
has remained so to this day. The same doc-
trines will be found in the ease of The Col-
lector vs. Dade, 11 Wallace, decided in the
December term of 1870, in which the same
doctrines are referred to by the court with
approval. Speaking of the States, they say:
"To them nearly the whole charge of interior
regulation is committed or left; to them and to tho
people all powers not expressly delegated to tho
national Government are reserved."
It would seem a mere truism to state prop-
ositions of this kind, and yet when we find
them deliberately invaded and overthrown by
acts of Congress, it is time that those who de
sire to maintain the limitations ot the Gov-
ernment and prevent a conflict between the
State and Federal authorities should enter
their protest and give their reasons for it.
If two persons in any State couspire to com-
mit any crime against persons or property this
bill removes them from the con'rol of State
courts and authority and brings them before
the tribunals of the United States Government
as police courts. It therefore conflicts at all
points with the jurisdiction of the State courts
over matters always controlled by them and
unquestionably necessary for State existence.
It establishes two penal codes widely different
in their extent and operation for the same
classes ot offenses in the same community. It
confounds all distinction between State and
Federal tribunals, aud is thus contradictory
and violative of all judicial decisions since the
foundation of our Government, and will of
necessity produce collision and confusion be-
tween State and Federal authorities through-
out the land.
Thus, virtually under the power and duty of
the President to give information to Congress
of the condition ot the country and recommend
measures for legislation, we witness the utter
and shocking perversion of duty and exercise
of power by Congress transferring in advance
the whole and more than its powers over the
liberties of the citizen into the hands of the
President, and allowing him at will to proclaim
martial law anywhere and everywhere he may
see fit in the United States.
Mr. President, it is to me an appalling and
fearful thing to witness how the frail bands of
constitutional limitation are snappingand part-
ing in the fire of party spirit and sectional
animosity. It seems to me the principles on
which our system of Government was based
are day by day more and more effaced, and
their very existence forgotten. Legislationby
Congress seems day by day to be assuming
the form and shape of mere military orders.
Reason, argument, persuasion, moral power,
are supplanted by the argument of arms. Our
Government is fast becoming a Government
of mere will, and a government of laws is being
forgotten or discarded. We have seen lately
in this very Chamber how the decisions of the
judicial branch of our Government are met by
the majority. When heat and passion have
induced the passage of an act by Congress
violative of the Constitution, aud therefore
invalid, and in calm and temperate methods
the Supreme Court of the United States with-
out a single voice of dissent so declares it to
be, loud and disrespectful denunciations of the
exercise of just judicial prerogative are heard
from the leaders of the majority; denuncia-
tions of the decision which thwarted their hos-
tile intent, and something approaching threats
against a coordinate ana equal branch of the
Government.
And let not the people of the northern
States believe that this power so greedily
asked for by the President, so shamelessly
sought to be awarded him by his party friends
in Congress, can be exercised or will be exer-
cised to subjugate the southern States and
destroy the liberties of that people alone. It
is the first step that costs. That which is pre-
tended as a law to day for but part of the
country, a temporary law for part of the coun-
try, will shortly become the settled,law forthe
whole country. The emergency of partyi the
needful party success, will be the only regula-
tion that its "authors and its executors, will
recognize.
Mr. President, it were useless in me to
revive and restate the constitutional arguments,
the arguments of policy and wise statesman-
ship, iu opposition to this bill. The history
of the former debate upon the original enact-
ment of the bill contains them. Let me now
examine the condition of affairs which is the
alleged pretext for the extension of this most
dangerous and violent measure. Let iis see
how the President of the United States has
exercised the great powers conferred upon
him by that bill/
On the 17th day of October, 1871, nine
counties in the State of South Carolina were
by proclamation of the President placed under
martial law, aud a troop of United States
dragoons, under the control of a fitting instru-
ment, one Major Merrill, have dominated the
territory embraced by those counties and the
unhappy citizens who are there resident.
Among those counties was the county of
Marion, which contains, by the last census, a
population of upward of twenty-two thousand
people. From October the 17th until Novem-
ber the 3d following, a period of three weeks,
these twenty two thousand American citizens
were without the privilege of the writ of habeat
corpus, were liable to instant and summary
arrest by military order with or without pro-
cess ; in other words, living under martial law,
which simply means living under no law at all,
the mere will of a military commander. There
was not an hour of the day or night when any
man, woman, or child in that county could be
secure again starrest and incarceration. There
was not a day or hour of that time when the cause
of such arrest or imprisonment could be in-
quired into. And after this state of things
had existed, as I have said, for nearly three
weeks, the President of the United States in
his scene of pleasure at Long Branch discov-
ered that it was another county called Union
in which the alleged disturbances and facto
set forth in the fourth section of the bill as
constituting a rebellion against the- United
States were said to exist; that in Marion
county there was no rebellion; that there was
peace and security and law; and that he bad
been misinformed by the agents to whom he
intrusted the keeping of his political con-
science, and that Union and not ^Marion
county must be placed in irons. The two
proclamations of the President establish the
fact3 I have just stated.
Mr. SAWYIiB. Will the Senator allow me
one moment?
Mr. BAYARD. I will if it is necessary to
correct my facts. I propose to go on and
state the facts, and then, if the Senator desires
to correct them, he can do so.
On the 12th of October tha President gave
