8194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
There is no point in that. They have been
liberally dealt with, no doubt about that. But,
notwithstanding that, they have been dealt
with differently from the mass of those with
whom they reside. There has been a discrim-
ination made against them which was not made
against their neighbors who were equally
engaged with them.
Many men who were foremost to bring on
the rebellion, who had not held an office before
the rebellion, do not fall under disabilities,
and are eligible to office; a few men are
seleoted no more guilty than the others ; and
naturally those who were engaged in the rebel-
lion and who sympathize with them, although
they might under other circumstances be dis-
posed to support your laws and come over to
your side and help to enforce the law and put
down the Ku KIux, still have this feeling of
sympathy which we know is natural, which we
knew would exist, which every sensible man
knew beforehand would be excited by this
exclusion from office, and it has produced just
the rosult we might expect. The quickernow
we get rid of it, the quicker we cease to carry
this load the better; not because the parties
that are excluded have a right to complain,
but because it gives them a power to influence
their neighbors, because it excites sympathy,
and because wo have dealt so generously with
others as to wipe them all out.
There will always be a large number of per-
sons who are willing to enforce all your laws
for the security of life and property, for the
security of equal rights, and to protect every-
body, but who still say, " While we are doing
that we want to relieve everybody of political
disabilities." That has heen a sentiment, from
the beginning; nothing has been made out, of
this; nothing ever will bo made out of it. Po-
litically, it litis been a blunder from beginning
to end, in my opinion ; not because 1 have
sympathy with those who are excluded, not
because they have any right to complain, but
because it is impolitic and floes not tend to
secure the ends of good government, and never
has.
I believe that two thirds of both Houses of
Congress will pass a general amnesty bill, and
they will exclude from that no person except
the few limited classes of conspicuous charac-
ters who will find it very difficult to excite any
sympathy. They do not exclude any justice
of the peace or any probate judges, or any
men of that kind, but only a few conspicuous
characters who will never be able to excite
any sympathy. It is well enough to exclude
them, perhaps; it does not make much differ
ence ; it does not affect the principle. But, 1
say that i believe two thirds of both Houses
have come to the conclusion that so far as the
mass of those now excluded from office are
concerned, whatever they may have thought
heretofore, the time hag now come to remove
their disabilities. Taking I hat for granted, I
believe that whenever the vote is taken such
will be the result in each House, and 1 am in
favor of disincumbering the bill from any
other proposition, and passing it..
So far as legislation for the colored man is
concerned, 1 am glad to gay that the ballot has
secured for him everything else. I am glad I
worked hard to give him the ballot. I am glad
that 1 labored hard for the fifteenth amend-
  ent, because I believe that gives the negro
the power to demand his rights. He will be
heard, and all the legislation that is necessary
for his purposes you will grant no matter what
party is m power. It will not be long belore
the two parties will be vying with each other
to look after his interests to see that he is not
oppressed. He lias got the ballot secure. It
makes him respected the same as the ballot
makes the poor white man at the North re-
spected. He has got that secure, and there is
no difficulty in getting up at any time a bill
and considering his case.
Mr. HILL. I inquire of my friend, how
-were they taken care of at Ciacinua,ti?
Mr. STEWART. How were they taken
care of at Cincinnati ? Cincinnati had to have
a platform in favor of civil rights, and every
convention that meets will make one in favor
of civil rights. We shall all be in favor of
civil rights, because civil rights have ballots
behind them. We need not fear that. The
negro is bound to have all proper and just
legislation, and I am in favor of it; but I am
nut in favor for any reason, and never have
been in favor of coutinuing these disabilities,
because out of them I see growing palpable
and constant evils. Out of them I see an argu-
ment that is calculated to excite sympathy, an
argument that is calculated to do the country
an injury, and which is an excuse for bad men
in the South. I sCe in them political evils,
political disorders, and obstruction to good
government, and a wrangle over these disa-
bilities. I am not able to see any good results
affirmatively from them. Consequently I am
opposed to laying aside that bill which we
have got here regularly belore the Senate in
regular order, and displacing it for any other
bill ; and I shall vote, not against giving the
negro his rights whenever that proposition
comes up, but I shall vote against putting any
amendments upon the amnesty bill, and vote
for the bill as it came from the House, and
hope it will pass.
I do not believe that I shall be misunder-
stood by the colored people ; hut if so, I can-
not help it. I say now that I will vote for the
pending measure, and will not displace it for
any other, because I am in favor of it, and I
am willing to take up the other and pass it in
its order ; but I have not yet examined it par-
ticularly. though I presume I am in favor of
it. I am willing to pass any bill that is proper
for the colored man, and send it to the House
and let the House take the responsibility of
defeating it, und the negro has his remedy at
the ballot-box. Hewill remember it. lie has
got the protection of the ballot, the best in the
world, which will secure all his other rights.
I do not wish to occupy time in discussing
this matter. My notions are too well under-
stood to make it necessary to go further. I
shall vote against the amendment to the
amnesty bill.
Mr. IIILL. I believe, sir, wc have made
such a departure hero that we hardly know
where we are ; but if I recollect aright the
immediate question before the Senate is the
amendment of the Senator from Indiana. I
propose to amend that amendment by striking
out.
Mr. SUMNER. I would ask whether that
amendment is not withdrawn. I understood
Ihe Senator from Indiana was going to allow
the vote to be taken on my motion.
Mr. HILL. I did not hear him say so.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest that that would
be economical m the way of time. May lap-
peal to the Senator from Georgia to allow a
vote to be taken on striking out'/ Should that
prevail, then there is no occasion for the
amendment; and should that be lost, then the
amendment will be in order.
Mr. HILL. I will yield to the Senator from
Indiana, of course.
Mr. MORTON. I will say that inasmuch
as any consideration that might be given to the
amendment I offered would be entirely lost if
that offered by the Senator from Massachu-
setts should prevail, I will for the present with-
draw my amendment and let the vote first be
taken upon his.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Indiana withdraws his amendment.
Mr. HILL. Then I move, in as short a
way as any other to test the sense of the Sen-
ate, to lay the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That car-
ries the bill with it.
Mr. HILL. Then I will not make that
motion. Now, I offer this amendment to the
bill 
Mr. SUMNER. May I appeal to the Sen-
ator to allow us to come to a vote?
Mr. HILL. This will be a very short motion,
and I do not think it will lead to discussion,
I move to amend the bill, to perfect the bill
by striking out in the first section all after the
word "removed" in the ninth line, the effect
of which is to declare general amnesty and.
not to exclude any class whatever. I do not
say that there are not some reasons why there
should be distinctions between classes, but I
do not like the distinction that is made by this
bill. The excluded classes are members of
Congress at the time of the rebellion and who
afterward aided in it, and such officers of the
Army and Navy of the United States as were
over the age of twenty-one years that partici-
pated in the rebellion.
I can see no very good reason myself why
young men who were here in the two Houses
of Congress should be excluded because they
were here, and because they retired when their
States took position against this Government
and participated in the rebellion, while no ex-
elusion is made of older men who were re-
siding in the States, who were controlling the
movements in the States, directing the con-
ventions that proclaimed the secession of the
Slates, and called upon the citizens of the
States wherever they were to join in the move-
ment. I think they were quite as guilty of an
impropriety as those who were here and who
may have yielded their assent to what was done.
I see no reason why a man who has once taken
an oath to support the Constitution of the
United States, if it were ten years before 1860,
is any more relieved from the obligations of
that oath than if he had taken it only two
years before, and I do know, of my own per-
sonal knowledge, that there were many mem-
bers of Congress from the South who left these
Halls with the very greatest reluctance to go
home at the bidding of the conventions to par-
ticipate in what they believed would be a harm-
less and useless contest. It terminated, how-
ever, in bloody war to the surprise and aston-
ishment of a great many, because secession
was commended to the people as a peaceful
remedy, and the people were deluded with it as
such.
So, too, of the young officers of the Army
and Navy. How many of them, through sym-
pathy with kindred and with section, with-
drew from their respective services, went
home, and afierward participated in the re-
bellion? Shall it be said that a man who
sailed under the flag for twenty years, and was
retired from the service by age, if you please,
was released from all obligation and all re-
spect for the Government because he had
retired, and that he, though he participated in
the rebellion afterward, is less guilty than the
young man who from sympathy such as 1 have
spoken of went to the South and took service
under the new government? I fail to see any
sufficient reason for this.
But another reason influences me. If we
are to have this general amnesty, let it be as
nearly universal as possible. 1 take it for
granted that there is hardly any member of
the Senate belonging to the majority party who
would be willing to accord amnesty to Jefferson
Davis. It is true,a very distinguished candidate
for the Presidency goes that far—he would;
but such is not the general feeling. Mr. Davis
does not expect it, and he could not obtain it
if he did. But is it simply because Jefferson
Davis was a Senator of the United States itt
the Thirty-Sixth Congress that he is to be
excluded from amnesty ; or is it for some-
thing else that Jefferson Davis did ? Is it not
rather because he became the head and front
of the rebellion by occupying the foremost
office that it had in its gift? I take it that that
is so. But if it were not for the fact that he
was a member of the Thirty-Sixth Congress
he would not be excluded by the terms of this
bill. It is wholly accidental that he hap-
pened to be a member of that Congress. Ha
