454
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 21,
Senate.
Extension of Ku Klux Act—Mr. Bayard.
42d Cong 2d Sess.
notice that the suspension of the writ would
be made unless these alleged armed combina-
tions were dispersed in the mean lime. That
proclamation could scarcely reach tlie interior
counties of South Carolina, where the postal
facilities are not at all equal to those in the
northern States, in that period ; but with that
short notice, five days after, the President
proceeded to en pend tbe writ, and did it in
the nine counties named, including Marion.
The county of Marion was without law, sub-
ject to his individual will, or the will of his
deputy whom he placed there, a soldier, until
the 3d of November, when he issued another
proclamation with various recitals, one of
which I will now read:
"Whereas the county of Marion was named in
said proclamation as one of the counties in which
said unlawful combinations and conspiracies for the
purposes aforesaid existed, and in which the priv-
ileges of the"writ of habeas corpus were suspended ;
mid wherens it has been ascertained that in said
county of Marion s.lid combinations and conspira-
cies do not exist to the extent recited in said procla-
mations; «nd whereas it has been ascertained that
unlawful combinations and conspiracies of the char-
acter and to the extent and for the purposes de-
scribed in said proclamations, do exist in the county
of Union in said State."
And immediately he proceeds to place the
county of Union in irons, having given no
nonce of his intention to its inhabitants, and
the county of Marion is released. If there be
any error in what I have stated as a fact, the
honorable Senator from South Carolina can
now correct me.
Mr. SAWYER. My only purpose in rising
was to call attention to the fact that it was well
known that that was simply a clerical error,
that the wortl uMaiion" was substituted by
the person who wrote the original proclama-
tion for the word "Union," or the printer
understood it was the word "Marion" instead
of the word "Union." There never was any
pretense that the combinations alluded to, and
which were the cause of the proclamation, did
exist in the county of Marion. There never
was any exercise of the power which was given
in the act of the President, over the county of
Marion. There never was any military force
stationed in the county of Marion for the pur-
pose of sustaining the civil law there, nor was
the county of Marion harmed one iota.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, the fact that
such an excuse can be offeied for such an act
in the Senate of the United States, and that,
too, by a Senator representing the State so in-
vaded, is a proof to me how dull and blunted,
how insensible to the demands* of true civil
liberty, die Senate of the United States has
become. To think that twenty-two thousand
people could lie depiived of that great writ of
light, could be for one day or one hour placed
beyond th^ control of law by a clerical error,
the error of a elnrk—the pioposuion is dread-
ful. Are our liberties, are the liberties of the
entire community to be placed subjectto cleri-
cal errots? Suppose it had been the name
of a single individual who had been ordeted
to be executed—a man called John is shot to
death by musketry by tins Major Merrill, by
oider of th<i President, and it turns out to be
James who is th3 victim. Are we to be told
that a clerical error is to pardon that guilt?
Mr. SAWYEK. Mr. President 
Mr. BAYAKD. No, sir. The Senator has
made his explanation. He is welcome to the
benefit of it. I can only say that it seems to
■me to aggravate the case and to point out the
very danger which I rose here to warn the
countiy against.
Mr. SAWYER. If the Senator will allow
me a single moment, I will not, interrupt him
again. It seems to me the parallel winch the
Senator has drawn fails utterly until the exe-
cution does take place. As the fact goes, no
individual's rights in the county of Marion
were invaded : the writ of habeas corpus was
not suspended in regard to the county of
Marion except on paper. Had the powers
which were given by the act b^n attempted
to be cxercised in the county of Marion, there
was no officer of the United States there to
exercise them. The President did not decide
to exercise them there. It was simply, as I
said, a clerical error, and so far as the county
of Marion is concerned it was in precisely the
same condition as the State of Delaware was.
Mr. BAYARD. If it is a clerical error, I
say it is a clerical error that the man who is
capable of making it should be impeached for.
It is an evil day for our country when a com-
munity shall be invaded on paper! Pray,
what are all your writs of your courts, what is
the order of execution, what is the grant of
pardon as to its existence, what is any act of
Government but on paper ?
Accordingly Union county was then, with
eight adjoining counties, placed under martial
law, and judging from the fact that the Pres-
ident's orders aie still kept in force, it may be
presumed that he conscientiously believes that
martial law is still necessary, although nearly
one year has rolled by since this Radical pan-
acea for all political discontents has been ap-
plied to those unhappy people. Nay, further,
if we are to judge by the message sent in to
us the other day by the-President, the need for
such repressive measures has been rather in-
tensified than diminished. Do the American
people realize the meaning of these facts that
the Executive of the nation should so carelessly,
so criminally employ the enormous powers
intrusted to him, that he should cause a com-
munity of twenty-two thousand of his fellow-
citizens, in a time of profound peace, to be
placed under martial law by a mere mistake,
a clerical mistake, perhaps, upon the part of
some reckless subordinate, or perhaps the
error might have been in filling up blank proc-
lamations in the absence of the Executive at
his favorite watering-place, left ready signed
for convenience sake in case of emergency ?
Sir, in a more wholesome tone of public
feeling such a law as this would be an impos-
sibility; but even did it exist such a method
of execution would have led and oughtto have
led to the impeachment and removal of the
official guilty of such neglect. He can be no
properguardian of tbe liberties of the people
who could permit "his own clerical error" to
take from twenty-two thousand of his fellow-
citizens civil government for a period of three
weeks or order it to be so taken. If he issues
his mandate he expects his subordinate to carry
it out, and when the order for martial law was
made it was the intention of the President
that it should be executed. If it was not ex-
ecuted so much, perhaps, the more fortunate
for the people, but no thanks to him. Is this
that faithful execution of the laws which the
Constitution requires of him in his oath of
office ?
And what has been the history of the opera-
tions in Carolina in those counties under mil-
itary rule since last fall? The total population
I bt lieve is about one hundred and seventy two
thousand, rather more blacks than whites.
The State of South Carolina is in the hands
of the President's political friends. No polit-
ical opponent of his is permitted to hold office
m the State. The executive, judicial, and
legislative branches of the State government
are all in the hands of his political party.
What must be the condition, and what must
have been the abuses in that community,
when, after nine months of martial law, of
ruthless, unsparing, unlimited arrests, impris-
onments without number or question, tiicils
as summary and numerous as pliant machinery
could afford, we are now told on the 19!h of
April, 1S72, by the lust message of the Presi-
dent on this snhjeet, that at least two thirds
of the active white men of those counties are
embraced in the combinations prohibited by
the fourth section of the act now under con-
sideration, and that they have the active
sympathy and countenance of a majority of
the remaining third? It is true the President
does not condescend to particulars where such
petty matters as the individual liberty and
personal rights of his white fellow citizens
(who happen to be his political opponents)
are at stake. But granting the loose, whole-
sale, reckless assertions contained in his mes-
sage, and slated chiefly upon hearsay, to be
true, the fact still remains, which it would be
well for him and his advisers and the Ameri-
can people to study well and ponder: it is that
these harsh measures, this relentless perse-
cution has been a failure, as such attempts
always will be, exciting only renewed and
unappeasable wrath in the hearts of those who
adopt such unreasoning measures.
Well might the great Washington, Mr.
President, warn his countrymen against the
baleful influences of party spirit. Who can
believe that the successful soldier who, as
General of the armies of the United States,
in December, 1865, after a personal investiga-
tion and survey of the southern States, could
write as follows:
"Both in traveling and while stopping, X saw
much and conversed freely with thecitizens of those
States, as well as with officers of the Army who have
been stationed among thein. The following are the
conclusions come to byme:
" I am satisfied that the mass of thinking men of
the South accept the present situation of affairs in
good faith. The questions which have heretofore
divided the sentiments of the people of the two sec-
tions—slavery and States rights, or the right of a
State to secede from the Union—they legard as
having been settl'ed forever by the highest tribunal,
arms, that man can resort to. I was pleased to
learn from the leading men whom I met that they
not only accepted the decMon arrived at as final,
but, now that the smoke of battle has cleared away
and time has been given -for reflection, that this
decision hns been a fortunate one for the whole
country, they receiving like benefits from it with
those who opposed them in the field and in council."
St***!*** # * ^
" My observations lead me to the conclusion that
the citizens of the southern Slates are anxious to
retinn to seli-govcrnment within the Union as soon
as possible; that wh'le reconstructing they want and
require protection from the Government; that they
are in earnest in wishing to do what they think is
required by the Government, not humiliating to
them as citizens, and that if such a course was
pointed out they would pursue it in good faith. It
is to be regretted that there cannot be a greater
commingling at this time between the citizens of
the two sections, and particularly of those intrusted
with the law-making power."
And in 1872, when he was about to become
for a second time a candidate for the office of
President of the United Slates, that the same
man should denounce and defcime almost the
entire section of the southern country by
charging that unlawlul and treasonable com-
binations pervade most of the southern States.
The President says "no doubt" that such
combinations pervade the southern Slates.
Sir, I am a member of the committee of
investigation into those States. Personally I
visited two of them, Georgia and Florida. I
am also cognizant of most if not the whole of
the testimony taken elsewhere, and against
this reckless and cruel statement or sugges-
tion I oppose the recotded testimony of those
committees, and as to most of the States of
the South, as a peremptory and positive de-
nial of the truth of his charges, and this
denial I make now in this place upon my
personal responsibility, aided by the best lights
that a desire to discover the truth would per-
mit. Why was not the President sufficiently
mindful of the obligations of his oath, of
his high office, to do justice to those States
which he and his friends in this Chamber
must be compelled in simple truth to exon-
eiate from his charges? Does he not know
that the State of Virginia is without a witness
to tarnish her good name in such respoct?
Does he not know that Texas, Louisi na, Ten-
nessee, and Arkansas were excluded from
examination by his party friends forming the
