1402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
resumed the consideration of the special
order, being the bill (H. R. No. 1654) mak-
ing appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1872,
and for former years, and for other purposes.
The Clerk read as follows:
Freedmen's hospitals and asylum:
To reimburse the commissary department for sup-
plies furnished the Freedmen'sBureau priorto June
80, 1871, $34,000.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman, I desire to ask
the chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations the dates at which these disbursements
were made ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. They were
made during the fiscal year immediately pre-
ceding the present—the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1871.
Mr. WOOD. They were made after the
Freedmen's Bureau had been discontinued by
act of Congress.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
will see that this appropriation is not for the
feneral purposes of the bureau, but for the
ospitals and asylum; and the expenditures
were made before those institutions were abol-
ished. With the permission of the committee,
I will state to the gentleman that there were
three general hospitals created under the bu-
reau—one at Vicksburg, Mississippi, another
at Louisville, Kentucky, and the third in
this city. Those three hospitals had in them
old, infirm, and crippled freedmen and refu-
gees. An appropriation for rations and sup-
plies for those hospitals was made while they
were in existence. Two of1 them have been
abolished; one of them, that in this city, re-
mains. About thirty or forty patients were
transferred from the Louisville hospital, when
it was abolished, to the hospital in this city.
In this institution there are about four hundred
of probably the most abject and miserable
human beings that ever have been congregated
in one place in this country. Many of them
are blind. All of them are utterly incapable
of work. Several of them are over a hundred
years old. It was never precisely ascertained
how much it would cost to sustain the hospital
during the year. The rations and supplies
were, however, furnished by the subsistence
department,which department sent to the head
of the Freedmen's Bureau the vouchers for
the whole amount of the cost of supplies thus
furnished and requested reimbursement to the
commissary department for the whole amount.
Last year this amount was estimated for and
the estimate sent to the Committee on Appro-
priations; but, by some oversight or other, the
amount was not put in the appropriation bill.
The vouchers of the commissary department
still lie in the Freedmen'sBureau, or in the
hands of the officer in charge of it, unadjusted.
The bureau asks for the amount hero called
for to return it to the commissary department
in reimbursement for supplies furnished during
the last fiscal year, which will make the account
straight. We sent for General Howard. In
his absence his assistant came. We inquired
very fully concerning the whole subject, and
the state of the ease is as I now give it-
Mr. WOOD, thave no doubt, Mr. Chair-
man, that the case is as stated by the gentle-
man from Ohio, and that there is in the
extremely destitute condition of these aged
persons very strong justification for furnishing
these supplies. 1 would, however, like to
know, as this bureau was discontinued by act
of Congress three or four years ago, when wo
shall have an end of it. However, let that
pass. I desire to move to amend by adding
the following proviso at the end of the pending
paragraph:
jProvided, That no portion of these supplies shall
have been given to aseno or otTicerd of the Freed-
men's Bureau who aided in the oppression and
defrauding of the freedmen now living and owning
lands at Potomac City or Barry Jb'arra.
I will explain the object of this proviso.
Mr. HOAR. 1 rise to a question of order.
I submit that this proviso is not germane to
the paragraph, which proposes to reimburse
the commissary department for supplies.
Mr. WOOD. If the Chair, before making
his decision, will permit me to say a word in
reply to the gentleman from Massachusetts 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hear the
gentleman.
Mr. WOOD, I will say that in my view
this proviso is entirely pertinent to the para-
graph under consideration, which proposes
to reimburse the commissary department for
certain supplies furnished to certain parties.
Now it is customary for us to determine the
care and disposition in appropriation bills
either of money or supplies, and they are
synonymous terms in this case, so as to pre-
vent their falling into the hands of improper
persons. My object in offering this proviso
will be apparent to ike committee if I may be
permitted to present a paper which I hold in
my hand, and after it has been read in the
hearing of the House I am sure the Chair
will be satisfied my amendment is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will rule
first on the point of order made by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. WOOD. The amendment, beyond any
doubt, is in order, as it is a limitation upon the
appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment pro-
posed by the gentieman from New York is a
proviso to this clause, which would prevent
the payment of any money under it, if any
part of this money has been paid, to any of
these persons indicated. It is not a proviso
in reference to payments hereafter, but it pro-
vides that it shall not have been paid to these
persons. The Chair, therefore, overules the
point of order.
Mr. WOOD. I offer an additional proviso
that these supplies shall have been given in
pursuance of law, to which I think there can
be no exception taken.
Mr. SARGENT. Does the gentleman move
this as a substitute for his first amendment?
Mr. WOOD. Certainly.
The ^CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
New York seems to be under a misapprehen-
sion. The Chair overruled the point of order,
and his amendment is therefore in order.
Mr. SARGENT. There is no objection to
the proviso that these supplies shall not have
been issued otherwise than in accordance with
law. The other .proviso seems to make a re-
flection against certain persons, which, I think,
we ought not to make without some inquiry,
and understanding the facts of the case.
Mr. WOOD. The Chair overrules the point
of order, as I understand, and I therefore
retain my first amendment.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I wish to be distinctly
understood by the House that I am not in this
in any attitude of opposition to the Freed-
men's Bureau. I am not in opposition to
according the largest relief to the colored peo-
ple of the United States. So far as we have
power in Congress, I am willing to grant all
reasonable aid. But, sir, I hold in my hand
a paper, a memorial from colored residents
upon lands, sold to them, upon what is called
the Barry farm, in sight of this Capitol, near
the lunatic asylum. It appears that some
three years ago General Howard and the offi-
cers of the Freedmen's Bureau took from the
public Treasury $75,000, and bought a farm
with it. They subsequently sold that farm in
one-acre lots to the colored people who were
refugees, who were in reality freedmen, having
been formerly enslaved. Those persons took
possession of their lots. They erected shanties
and huts upon them, and have been living
there quietly ever since. They now complain
by memorial addressed to Congress that they
have been swindled, that they have been de-
frauded as to the size of the lots sold to them,
that they have been unjustly and illegally
taxed by officers of the Freedmen's Bureau,
that they are being oppressed, and want re-
lief. This, memorial has been placed in my
hands, and now, rather than it should be
referred to the committee, where it would
never again see daylight, I wish to make it
a part of my remarks by having it read at the
Clerk's desk.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman's
time is up; however, he can have it printed.
Mr. WOOD. No, sir; my time is not up,
and I want the memorial read in the hearing
of the House.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the honorable the Forty-Second Congress :
Your petitioners being residents of Potomac City,
(Barry farm,) District of Columbia, and having
bought, or agreed to buy, lots in said town through
General 0. O. Howard et al.t as provided by Con-
gress, most respectfully ask relief in the following
instances:
When petitioners entered into agreement to pur-
chase lots, in most instances each lot was repre-
sented to contain an acre of land. Upon proper sur-
vey your petitioners find that all lots are measured
from the center of the streets, and. even allowing
such an unjust measurement, seldom contain an
entire acre.
Your petitioners farther state that they are taxed
for an entire aero of land, and that at times some of
your petitioners have been made to pay taxes to the
local government and bureau for the same period;
that the boundaries of your petitioners' premises
are so difficult to establish as to cause great incon-
venience and great expense while trying to establish
the same by survey.
Also, that your petitioners have suffered, through
some of the agents of the bureau, in not receiving
credit for all payments made on the purchase of lots
and through sundry other acts of dishonesty of
theirs.
And your petitioners humbly ask such remedy as
the case may require; and they forever pray, &c.
Very respectfully, your obedient servants,
his
ABRAHAM X ELLIOT,
mark.
his
JOSEPH X HALL,
mark.
his
HENRY X DORSBY,
mark.
SAMUEL JONES.
I\ A. YOUNG.
his
JOSEPH X McINTOSH,
mark.
hi,-*
PETER X WILKERSON, "
mark.
his
HENRY X NEWBY,
mark.
his
MOSES X SMITH,
mark.
his
WILLIAM X BURTLERY.
mark.
WILLIAM X ALEXANDER,
mark.
his
JAMES X FLOOD,
mark.
his
ROBERT X BERRY,
mark.
his
IIAMLET X STUART,
mark.
ROBERT X^BROOICS,
mark.
his
ANDREW X JACKSON,
mark.
EDGAR BANKS.
his
RANDOLPH X JOHNSON,
mark.
his
WILLIAM X CIIUING,
mark.
his
JAMES X TAYLOR,
mark.
his
RICHARD X BRISCOE,
mark.
his
WI2STLEY X CARY,
mark.
his
OLIVER X WILLIAMS,
mark.
his
BUTLER X ALLEN.
mark.
his
RICHARD X JONES,
mark.
I hereby certify of having witnessed all signature?
made by mark.
FRANCIS A. YOT7NU.
