1872,]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
458
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Extension of Ku Klux Act—Mr. Bmjard.
Senate.
majority of the committee? Can he or his
party friends lay their finger jipon the testi-
mony of a reliable, intelligent man of charac-
ter in Florida or Georgia to the effect that
such combinations pervade those two States ?
Has he not by selecting the nine comities in
Carolina and handing" the white people over to
the tender mercies of Major Merrill, to be
transferred by him to the equally hostile juris-
diction of Judge Bond, admitted that in more
than a year he haa found no pretext elsewhere
for the exercise of this extreme power?
Mr. President, the testimony taken by this
committee and reported to Congress is of
unprecedented bulk, nearly a dozen volumes
of closely-printed matter. It is impossible,
and i have sometimes half suspected it was
intended to be impossible, to have such an
undigested mass read or understood by the
general public; and it certainly would be
impossible within the limits of a debate to
attempt a digest of the whole.
To two facts, however, I desire to draw the
attention of the Senate and the country, and
these facts will be disclosed by an examina-
tion of the journal of the committee: first,
that the testimony should be confined to the
personal knowledge of a witness, excluding
mere rumor and hearsay ; and next, that facts
existing prior to the passage of the law should
not be inquired of. The object of these two
propositions was to compress the testimony
within reasonable and readable proportions,
and to exclude all but facts. The majority
of the committee saw fit, for reasons of their
own, to vote both these propositions down;
and the result is that not one tenth part, per-
haps 1 might say one fiftieth, of the mass of
this so-called testimony would be received in
a court of justice in any State to convict the
humblest man of the pettiest offense. Evi-
dent attempts will be found to enlighten the
intelligence of the northern mind by copies
of wood-cuts taken from country newspapers,
representing jackasses and carpet-baggers,
and which the witnesses who produced them
and proved them before the committee sus-
pected, and with strong probability, to be
likenesses of themselves.
In this connection I do not know whether
the eyes of the Senate or of the other House
are to be startled by the production of a fear-
ful engine of mischief and terror in the shape
of a small black coffin a foot or fifteen inches
in length, which, after long search, was pro-
cured by the chairman of the sub-committee
which visited Georgia, and placed upon our
table, there to be identified.
I remember well, Mr. President, the unsub-
dued merriment of every member of the com-
mittee, except the chairman, when the Ser-
geant-at-Arms deposited this little black box
on the narrow ledge of the window. In the
course of a week the proprietor arrived, and
his account of it was that this small coffin had
been found on a gate-post near his residence,
and although he laughingly assured me that it
did not alarm him much, yet he did say that it
seared the children when they went to feed the
chickens the next day. Who made it is not
known ; who placed it on the post is not known ;
but by virtue of some higher law, the right of
property seems to have been transferred to the
United Stales of America, and I understand
it is in charge of the Scrgeant-at-Arms of the
Senate.
But, Mr. President, I wish at this point to
recall to the Senate the nature of the duty
appointed for the joint committee of the two
Houses. By the resolution creating that com-
mittee it became their duty to " inquire,into the
condition of the late insurrectionary States so
far as regards the execution of the laws and
the safety of the lives and property of citizens
of the United States." Itwouidseem, from the
tenor of the remarks of the chairman of that
joint committee and of oue of his colleagues
who has spoken, that the outrages by bands
of disguised men, or by any other men under
the name of Ku Klux, were the only object for
which the committee was appointed.
But, sir, I do not so understand it. If we
were to inquire into the condition of the late
insurrectionary States, so far as regards the
execution of the laws and the safety of the
lives and property of the citizens, it was our
duty to inquire and report both as to the faith-
ful performance by citizens of their duty and
of the safety and protection to person and
property as well as to the failure to do either
of these two things. Nay, further, if the fail-
ure to protect person and property or to ex-
ecute the laws arose from other causes than
the existence of lawless and plundering bands,
it was the duty of the committee to make full
report npon them as upon any others. i can-
not understand how to' him who suffers it
makes any differencewhet.ber his right to vote
is interfered with or whether he is deliberately
and openly cheated out of its result after he
has cast it. The wrong is as great and the
violation of the law as complete when the
canvassers and officers of election miscount
the vote and stuff the ballot-box as system-
alically as it is alleged and proven to be done
iu South Carolina or in Louisiana, or whether,
as in Texas or in Arkansas, the Governor of
the State deliberately furnishes a defeated
candidate with a certificate of election, violat-
ing the law and depriving whole classes of
citizens of the virtual right of suffrage. When
he who was the Governor of Arkansas gave
to Edwards a certificate of election which the
House of Representatives have, by the report
of their committee and by a unanimous vote,
declared to be a gross fraud upon the majority
of that congressional district iu Arkansas, he
was surely as fit or fitter a subject for legal
prosecution and conviction as the man who
should endeavor to dissuade a colored voter
from going to the polls by threatening to cast
him out of employment. And so with Gov-
ernor Davis, of Texas, who has violated the
constitutional rights of his people and virtu-
ally disfranchising by wholesale; yet the law
does not or is not permitted to act iu cases
of this kind.
What is the difference between robbing a
man of a few dollars on the highway and
utterly ruining and impoverishing him by ex-
cessive taxation? In the annals of crime
who would be more deserving of punishment
than the Scott-Parker-Ilurley ring of South
Carolina, who have not only saddled that
State with a debt from which repudiation is
her only escape, but who, by their class of
State officials, have so robbed and denuded the
treasury of the State that her public institu-
tions, depending upon annual appropriations
from'the treasury, must succumb or be con-
tinued by private benevolence. Can the peo-
ple of the free and prosperous North realize
ihe suspension of their free schools, the clos-
ing of the deaf and dumb asylums, nay, even
more piteous to be told, the dispersion of the
lunatics, and all this because of robbery by
public officials ? Why, even the State peni-
tentiary is in want of the appropriations which
have been withheld from it.
Why, Mr. President, this is a falling to
pieces of society itself. Property in such a
community has no protection or value. What
is an individual assault, however gross, to be
compared to such evils as these? Why, sir,
while we were sitting in the town of Jackson-
ville, one of the most respectable and wealthy
citizens of that place, Captain Charles B.
Wilder, from Massachusetts, a life-long Re-
publican, testified, at page 243 of the Florida
testimony, that the very prisoners in the jail
of that city were starving and had to be sup-
ported by private contributions, and that for
the poor there was no provision at all, and all
this time the collector of taxes was a defaulter
in the sum of thirty or forty 'thousand dollars,
and was living in luxury m the neighborhood.
Yet for all these crimes against society, that
render the execution of law impossible and
property worthless, we find from the majority
of the committee little or no reprobation, and
from the President of the United States not
one word of rebuke.
The President of the United States has
never moved his finger to punish, nor has he
ever recommended legislation by Congress to
punish these offenses in the South which are
disgracing the name of our country. On the
contrary, Scott and Reed and Bullock and
Davis and Holden, et id genus omne, are his
friends from whom he draws the information
in regard to their States upon which he bases
his messages to Congress and asks for more
power to use his bayonets against their
oppressed people. Why, sir, if I mistake not,
Holden has been nominated at this very ses-
sion of Congress as minister to some South
American Government, yet he has been im-
peached, removed from office, and to-day
dreads a requisition that shall puthijm on trial
for his many offenses against the people of
his State. Bullock, it seems, has escaped to
Canada. The fate of the rest of the gang I
trust, the future will soon determine.
As I speak in the presence of Senators from
the State of Florida, i will read the evidence
to which I have just referred as having been
given by Captain Wilder of the terrible con-
dition of the public institutions and the total
lack of public charities in the State of Flor-
ida. He first describes the case of a lady at
Palatka, who came down to look after a col-
ored woman who had been her slave, and
bought for this woman a little piece of prop-
erty ; siio bought a piece of laud. She had
had it about six years.
" Thero was a splendid lady up at Palatka who
was hero for awhile as a teacher, and is now settled,
thero. She came down to look after a colored
woman who used to bo her slave. She bad bought
a piece of laud for her and gave it to her. She
oaiue to Die to know about it 5 she has had it about
six years. 1 told her she wouid lose it soon. She
wanted to know how, and 1 told her by this swin-
dling that was going ou here. I called upon her, and
the woman happened to have in her hand her tax
bills for four years. For the first year it was a dollar
aud some cents; for the socond year it was a dollar
arid some cents; and for the last year it was eight
dollars and some cents. Tho whole property cost
but fifty dollars, and m three years it wiU be all
eaten up by State, county, and city taxes—nothing
of any account left of it. If you will read the pre-
sentment of the grand jury you will see how these
follows have been swindling here. For four years
they have been buying scrip to pay into the treas-
ury. The treasurer will testify that he did not re-
ceive a dollar iu money last year; that they bought
scrip at thirty and forty cents on the dollar, and paid
thnt into tho treasury,
" Question. These are the public moneys?
"Answer, Some are loaning money at three per
cent, a month to my knowledge. X see in the paper
of this morning that the county commissioners have
ordered an appropriation to pay interest at three per
cent, a month. The whole property of this county
and city is as good as any property in New York
or Massachusetts, if properly managed. There was
a meeting of citizens here. The coanty was bank-
rupt, and the prisoners wero starving, and I with
others contributed to feed them. Why, all this thir-
ty thousand dollars or more had been squandered.
The people were alarmed and had a public meeting or
two, and appointed aoommitttee, a majority of lie-
publicans, to investigate the matter. It was two or
three months before they could get at the facts, and
to-day they have not got the books of tho collector.
He gave them a written statement that he kept his
books in such a way that he could not tell what he
had received. , , .
"QvpHtion, lie is a carpet-bagger appointed by
"Amtoer. Yes, sir, and kept in office and de-
fended by Reed. Reed will go around her© among
the negroes and defend these mon, and swear that
they are perfectly upright, and that we are spiteful
and enemies because we want office."
The same facts were referred to at r sab-
