1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4091
ference would desire to have a vote of the
House.
For instance, the rate of tax oil tobacco has
never had an expression of opinion in this
House in such a form as to amount to instruc-
tions to a committee of conference. I do not
know of anybody who would want to take the
responsibility in a committee of conference,
without havmgaii expression of the opinion of
the House, to fix the rate of tax upon tobacco.
I, for one, would desire to have that expres-
sion of opinion from the House. The same
is true as t'o the rate of tax upon whisky. And
there is another important amendment in re-
gard to bonded warehouses, upon which I know
there is a great deal of feeling.
I suppose that each member has had his
attention drawn to one or two particular
amendments upon which he would deem it
desirable to have a vote; but any one who
expects to have these amendments taken up
seriatim, in the House, or in Committee of the
Whole, and yet see the end of the bill within
this week, will find himself very much mis-
taken in results, however correct he may be
in theory. I, for one, am looking to the end,
the practical result. I am not seeking to arro-
gate to my committee or to any committee of
conference, however it may be composed, any
extraordinary power in this matter. Upon an
appropriation bill, or a tariff bill, made up so
absolutely of details, with the exception of a
few salient points here and there, the ques-
tions of difference arising must, to a great ex-
tent, be settled ultimately in a conference com-
mittee.
Now, if gentlemen desire upon any particu-
lar points a vote of the House, and will indi-
cate those points, I will modify my motion so
that those points may be submitted to a vote
and that we may non-concur in all the rest.
Otherwise, having a desire to see this bill
become a law in some shape, and not having
the slightest wish personally to fasten any one
of the amendments upon the bill, but merely
to reach a practical result, I must insist upon
my motion unless gentlemen can suggest two
or three points upon which it can be agreed to
take a vote in the House.
Mr. BURCHARD. Why not concur in
all the amendments except those on which a
separate vote is asked ?
Mr. BECK. I would suggest whether it
would not be better that the amendments com-
ing before the House should be voted upon
without debate, or with a very limited debate?
Mr. DAWES. Certainly. 1 would sug-
gest that the questions be submitted to the
House merely for the purpose of getting a
vote upon t.hem, that the committee of con-
ference may have the benefit of the instruc-
tions of the House.
Mr. BROOKS. Our difficulty at present is
that none of us really know what is in the bill
as it comes from the Senate.
Mr. DAWES. I will withdraw my motion
for an hour. I suppose the printed bill will
be here in the course of half an hour.
Mr. BROOKS. When the printed bill
comes we shall know more about the contents
of the measure.
Mr. DAWES. When the bill comes gen-
tlemen of the House will be better able to
determine their course. Perhaps I ought not
to have made this motion in the absence of
the printed bill. I want gentletoen to look at
those amendments if they have not followed
them. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Buooks] and myself, and other members of
the Committee of Ways and Means, having
followed the course of the bill in the Senate,
know pretty well what the amendments are,
but perhaps other members have not followed
them so closely. The bill was ordered to be
printed at three o'clock this morning, and was
sent to the Printer at five. We are informed
that it will be back from the Printing Oflice at
twelve o'clock to-day.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to say a word
in reply to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes.] He now withdraws his propo-
sition for the very reason for which I made my
objection; that is, that the House does not
know what the Senate has done. I do not
suppose that the gentleman from Massachu-
setts himself, unless he remained in the Senate
until two or three o'clock this morning, knows
what has been done there. Certainly mem-
bers of the House generally do not under-
stand what transpired in the Senate at two
o'clock this morning, when that body was
passing upon amendments. Yet the gentle-
man trom Massachusetts proposed that we
should vote upon amendments which we had
never read and knew nothing about.
Mr. DAWES. For the sake of saving time,
I will admit that for the purposes of this case
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Fakrs-
yvorth] is entirely right, and that i was entirely
wrong.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts modify his motion so that we
may consider the amendments to the internal
revenue portion of the bill and have some dis
cussion upon them?
Mr. PLATT. I understand that the motion
is withdrawn for one hour. If that is the case,
this debate is out of order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. As the motion
is withdrawn, I wish to suggest that we go to
business on the Speaker's table, to consider
bills thatcan be considered by unanimous con-
sent. This business can be laid aside when
the tariff bill arrives in printed form.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let us take up those bills
only to which there is no objection.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If gentlemen
prefer, let it be agreed there shall be no further
debate than five minutes on each side.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to under-
stand the motion. By going to the Speaker's
table by unanimous consent will not facilitate
any business, as there is scarcely any bill to
which some one will not object.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think there is a large
number.
The SPEAKER. The Chair makes the sug-
gestion that he is much pressed by gentlemen
who have bills on the table to recognize them.
It is with him a questiorf of favoritism to give
one member the floor over another to take up
a bill from the Speaker's table, and that the
Chair desires to avoid. Now there ought to
be some measure taken by the House so that
the business on the Speaker's table may be dis-
posed of systematically, so that every member
on the floor will have an equal chance and not
be dependent for recognition by the Chair.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 will modify
my motion so that we may go to the Speaker's
table and take up the business there in regular
order, allowing no further debate than five
minutes on each side of a question.
Mr. SPBER, of Georgia. I hope there will
be no debate at all.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope that motion will
not be adopted, but that we will go to the
business on the Speaker's table and only dis-
pose of those bills to which there shall be no
objection.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There may be
some bill in reference to which gentlemen m
charge of it may desire to explain for five
minutes. I do not see what objection there
can he to allowing a debate of five minutes on
each side, as it will enable the House to under-
stand the question and to vote intelligently.
If gentlemen, however, say there shall be no
debate, very well.
Mr. STEVENSON. Oh, no.
Mr. RANDALL. Anv bill on the Speaker s
table which ought to pass can secure a two-
thirds vote, and, therefore, I think we had
better adhere to a suspension of the rules.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the rules be suspended, and that we proceed
to the business on the Speaker's table, allow-
ing five minutes debate on each bill.
The SPEAKER. As the Chair understands
the gentleman's motion he moves to proceed
to business on the Speaker's table, allowing
five minutes debate on either side of the bill,
which comes up in regular order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. What is
to become of the amendments?
john m. baker, deceased.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. Is a report from
the Committee of Claims in reference to a
veto message of the President a question of
privilege ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the
gentleman's report.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I am instructed
by the Committee of Claims to submit the fol-
lowing report, which I will send up to the
Clerk's desk to have read.
The Clerk read as follows :
The Committee of Claims, to which was referred
the message of the President of the date of March
—, giving his reasons for vetoing House bill No.
1800, which was reported from the Committee of
Claims, having had the said veto message under
consideration, ask leave to report:
That the bill above referred to passed the present
session, and was vetoed by the President on the —
day of March. .
Por information as to the reasons assigned for
such veto reference is made to Executive Document,
No.—. Your committee, in previously reporting
the bill, fell into an immaterial error m proposing
to pay the children of the said John M. Baker tor
services rendered by their father in the capacity of
charge d'affaires at Brazil, when he was torbiuden
by the charge d'affaires, Mr. Brown, from acting in
that capacity. Your committee ought to have re-
pot ted, as they do now, that the services of said
John M. Baker were of a diplomatic character; that
tor ten months and four days he was the sole repie-
sentative of his Government at Eio de Janeiro, and
the correspondence between the Brazilian Govern-
ment and Mr. Baker is voluminous, showing that
that Government recognized Mr. Baker as the dip-
iomatie officer of bis Government, and th.it iroport-
ant action was had by Mr. Baker in that capacity
touching the rights ot the vessels of the United
States in the Brazilian waters, and other subjects
of importance which would not admit ot the delay
of ten month!, and four days, the period of the
absenne of the charge d'affaires.
The bill now presented by your committee is treed
from the objections in the President's wesbage.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported a bill (H. R. No.
2S148) for the relief of Lucy A. Baker and
Mary A. Baker, children of John M. Baker,
deceased ; which was read a first and second
time.
The bili, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to Lucy A. Baker and Mary A. Baker, chil-
dren of John M. Baker, deceased, late consul
of the United States at Rio Janeiro, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, the sum of S166 67 for diplomatic
services rendered by their father while acting
as such consul.
Mr. WILLARD. On what basis did they
ascertain that amount?
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. It is at the
rate a secretary of legation would have been
paid had he been there.
Mr. WILLAUD. For how long a time ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. For ten mouths
and four days. It is less than the pay of a
charg6 d'affaires.
Mr. WILLARD. But the same as secre-
tary of legation?
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. Yes, sir ; it is
a report of the Committee of Claims to this
House.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POSTAL COBB.
The SPEAKER. The pending question
