1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2209
derive any kind of privilege from having been
referred to the Committee on Printing. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bisatty] asks that
this bill be printed and recommitted to the
Committee on Printing, not to be-brought back
by a motion to reconsider.
Mr. BEATTY. Have I not the right to have
the bill considered now?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not
that right, if the point of order is made on it;
because he has not the right to report it as a
privileged bill.
Mr. BEATTY. Will the Chairhave the rule
read which excludes this bill from the privileges
accorded to the committee?
The SPEAKER. Rule 101 is that "it shall
be in order for the Committee on Printing to
report at any time." That has been always
held to refer entirely to matters of printing.
Mr. BEATTY. And this is a matter of
printing.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman does not
seem to perceive the distinction. For instance,
the Committee of Elections is authorized to
report at any time, but a general bill regard-
ing ilie time at which members of Congress
shall be elected throughout the country would
appropriately come from the Committee of
Elections, but would not be aprivileged report;
they would have to report it when called.
So, while the gentleman's committee is priv-
ileged to report on any order of the House
in relation to printing, it is not privileged to
report upon matters of general legislation at
any time. The principle is not a new one; it
lias been uniformly held so.
Mr. BEATTY. Well, I am unable to see
it, although it may be all right.
Mr. RANDALL. The Committee of Elec-
tions of the last Congress always understood
that to be the limit of our privilege.
The SPEAKER. It is not a new decision;
it is the view which has always been taken,
and one without which it would be impossible
to proceed wLh the business of the House.
The bill (H. R. No. 2252) was then by
unanimous consent read a firstand second time,
recommitted to the committee, and ordered
to be printed, not to be brought back by a
motion to reconsider.
CAT1IRON AND MAGUIKE.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee of Ways and Means, re-
ported a bill (H. R. No. 2253) for the relief
of Cathron & Maguire, bankers and brokers
of the city of Rome, Georgia ; which was read
a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
to accept the compromise offered by Messrs.
Cathron & Maguire, bankers and brokers in
the city of Rome, in the State of Georgia, in
full for all taxes levied against them on the
amount of notes of said city paid out by them
after the 1st day of May, 1867, and prior to
the 1st of August, 1871.
Mr. MAYNARD. Unless some one desires
to ask a question iu relation to this measure,
I will move the previous question. It is not
a great matter, and the Committee of Ways
and Means have examined it carefully.
Mr. TO WNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I wish
to ask the gentleman what is the amount
involved.
Mr. MAYNARD. The eity of Rome, Geor-
gia, issued scrip in a form to be used for
currency, which these bankers, by agreement,
received and paid out to sustain its credit in
the community. The act of March 26, 1867,
imposes a tax of ten per cent, upon all paper
of this character paid out after May 4, 1867.
The State of Georgia had no representatives
at that time in either House of Congress,
according to my recollection, and the exist-
ence of this law was not known to these
parties, nor to the local inteinal i evenue
officers. These bankers received and paid
out this currency to an estimated amount
not exceeding $7,000 in any one month,
and up to August 1, 1871, $86,100. The mat-
ter remained unnoticed by the officers of the
revenue until August last, when for the first
time they made demand of the tax, amounting
by this time to $8,010. A proposition was
made by these parties to pay fifty dollars in
lieu of the entire amount, which the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue rejected. The
payment of the paper was immediately sus-
pended, and the paper itself called in by the
city authorities. The committee were satis-
fied that they had been acting in ignorance of
the law, an ignorance for which, under the
circumstances, they are excusable. Of course
no relief is intended for any transaction subse-
quent to notice by the internal revenue offi-
cers. 1 move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered to be put; and under
the operation thereof the bill was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PROFESSOR MORSE MEMORIAL SERVICES.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Speaker appoint a committee
of three members of the House to cooperate with tho
committee of arrangements for the memorial ser-
vices in honor of the late Professor Morse, to be
held iu tho Hall of the Houseof Representatives on
Tuesday evening, the 16th of April.
EDMUND \V. SKA BROOK.
Mr. WALLACE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2254) to relieve
Edward W. Seabrook of political disabilities;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. COX. I call for the regular order of
business.
HOMESTEADS TO ACTUAL SETTLERS.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of House bill No.
2117, to secure the public lands to actual set-
tlers, and the morning hour begins at seven-
teen minutes before one o'clock.
Mr. COBURN. That is a hill which was
reported by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Hawley.] By reason of the action of the
House it has come somewhat under my charge.
On yesterday the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Hawley] came to me and said that he had
been very suddenly called away from this city,
and requested that the further consideration
of this bill be postponed for two weeks from
to-morrow. I told him that so far as I was
concerned I had no objection, and would sub
mit the proposition to the House. I therefore
submit the proposition that the further consid-
eration of this bill be postponed until two
weeks from to-morrow, at two o'clock, to be
then considered to the exclusion of all other
orders, and that at four o'clock on that day
the previous question shall be operative.
Mr. GARFIELD, ofOhio. Is this bill now
in the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I shall object
to its being made the special order out of the
morning hour. I have no objection to its
going over in the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done;
the Chair would not entertain such a propo-
sition. The Chair win again ask if there be
objection to the proposition of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Coburx?]
Mr. DAWES. Is such a motion in order?
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent
only.
Mr. DAWES. Then I object,
Mr. HOLMAN. Perhaps a Iat.er day would
be satisfactory.
Mr. DAWES. I do not object to the post-
ponement of the bill, but to its being made a
special order to the exclusion of all other
orders.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can re-
serve the right of the Committee of Ways and
Means and the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. DAWES. That would answer all my
purposes, but it is a little selfish.
Mr. HOLMAN. The proposition is fair
enough.
Mr. DAWES. Other members of the
House might not complain; but I. do not
think it would look very well for me to insist
upon an exception in favor of my particular
committee.
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman repre-
sents the public interests.
Mr. DAWES. I do not stand up for any-
thing else.
Mr. COBURN. What would be the effect
of a proposition of that kind? When would
it be possible to get this bill up again?
The SPEAKER. The effect would be, that
whenever the bill was in order on that day, or
any subsequent day, the House could consider
it by refusing to go into Committee of the
Whole on motion of the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, or the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations. The
bill would be considered on any day when the
majority of the House should desire to con-
sider it.
Mr. COBURN. It would not then be in
order, coming up immediately after any bill
of the Committee on Appropriations, or of
the Committee of Ways and Means, that
might be under consideration at the time?
The SPEAKER. It would come up on a
vote of the House refusing to go into Commit-
tee of the Whole on business of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means or the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. COBURN. I will submit that propo-
sition : that the further consideration of this
bill be postponed two weeks from to-morrow,
made the special order at two o'clock on
that day to the exclusion of all other orders,
excepting business from the Committee of
Ways and Means and the Committee on Ap-
propriations.
Mr. DAWES. Even if others would not
object, I .do not think it would be exactly in
good taste 
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
proposition?
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask consent to have
printed an amendment which I desire to offer
to this bill.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will not con-
sider the time taken to make this arrangement
as coming out of the morning hour. The
morning hour will now begin at thirteen min-
utes before one o'clock, and reports are in
order from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
WILLIAM GREEN.
Mr. HILL, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported back House
bill No. 3977, for the relief of William Green,
of Knox county, Indiana, and moved that
the committee be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
CHARLES COSBY.
Mr. HILL also, from the same committee,
reported back House bill No. 1972, for the
benefitof Charles Cosby, compensating him for
distributing the mails at Millerstown, Grayson
