1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
507
received in gold or silver, or its equivalent, during
the last fiscal year, by each consular and commercial
agent of the United States, for certifying invoices
and all other official acts.
Mr. BANKS. I move that this resolution be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
It certainly ought not to be acted on now.
Mr. COX. I hope the resolution will be
adopted. It will facilitate a fair examination
and discussion of the consular and diplomatic
bill when it comes up.
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman from New
York ought not to press upon the House, under
a motion to suspend the rules, without any
discussion, a resolution so important as this
may be.
Mr. COX. If I should send this resolu-
tion to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, I
fear it would share about the same fate as my
resolution in regard to Cuban belligerency.
We should never hear of it again, I am afraid.
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman from New
York must understand perfectly well that it is
not expected even by him that every resolu-
tion he offers is to be considered by the House.
[Laughter.] It is only three or four days since
we received a message from the President in
regard to Cuban affairs, giving us the corre-
spondence between the Spanish Government
and our own upon that subject. It is impos-
sible for-the Committee on Foreign Affairs
even to consider all these propositions. The
gentleman from New York must know that
perfectly well.
Mr. COX. I am very glad to hear the
gentleman's explanation of that matter. The
present resolution relates to a matter of com-
merce and a matter of figures. The inform-
ation which it calls for is indispensable to a
correct understanding of the civil nnd diplo-
matic appropriation bill which will shortly
come before us.
Mr. BANKS. But the resolution covers so
much ground that it certainly ought not to be
adopted at this time.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman will say to me
that he will report back this resolution when
the committee shall next be called, I will
myself move its reference; but I do not want
to send it to the committee and have it die
Mr. MAYNARD. How much clerical labor
will be required for the execution of this reso-
lution?
Mr. COX. The answer need not cover ten
pages. , ,
Mr. MAYNARD. How many clerks would
have to be employed, and how much time
occupied in making up the answer?
Mr. COX. Two clerks as smart as the gen-
tleman from Tennessee can do it in an hour.
Mr. MAYNARD. Suppose they are like
my friend from New York?
Mr. COX. Then it might take three or four
hours.
Mr. BANKS. I think we had better have
the matter referred.
The SPEAKER. The question is not
debatable.
Mr. BANKS. I shall object to the resolu-
tion unless it be referred.
Mr. COX. I move to suspend the rules so
as to introduce and pass the resolution.
The question having been taken,
The SPEAKER said: By the sound, two
thirds have not voted in the affirmative.
Mr. COX. I will not trouble the House
further with the motion to suspend the rules,
but will consent to the reference if the gentle-
man from Massachusetts will promise to see
that the resolution is reported back.
Mr. BANKS. Certainly it shall be reported
UPTIiere being no objection, the resolution was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
mrs. e. miller.
Mr PERCE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1183) transferring to
the Court of Claims the claim of Mrs. E. Mil-
ler, of Mississippi; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee ou
the Judiciary.
wood en© bar, massachusetts.
Mr. BUFFINTON, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to this House upon the necessity
and the expediency of establishing a light to mark
tho shoals known as "Wood End bar," in Province-
town, Massachusetts.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. WALLACE, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. H84) to remove
disabilities from certain citizens of South
Carolina therein named; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth article of amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States be removed from
Samuel McAlily, James B. McCants, John R.
Alexander, John R. Wallace, and Charles B.
Brice, all ofSouth Carolina.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and, two thirds
voting in favor thereof, passed.
shipping interests.
Mr. HALE, by unanimous consent, was
granted leave to print in the Globe the re-
mainder of his remarks on American shipping.
[See Appendix.]
rearrangement op members' desks.
Mr. COBURN. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution:
Whereas the members seated upon tho two outer
tiers of seats cannot hear the proceedings of the
House ; and whereas the desks noaror tho Speaker's
chair are separated by spaces sufficiently long to
admit of their being placcd together and accom-
modating a much largonumber of members: Ihcre-
Be it resolved, That a committee of fivo members
be appointed to inquire into the practicability of the
same, with the privilege of reporting at any tnne.
Mr. COBURN. 1 desire to ask unanimous
consent of the House to say a few words. On
inquiry of the Doorkeeper I find the space
between the desks can be so diminished as to
accommodate a much larger number of mem-
bers within hearing of the Speaker's chair
than are now accommodated. I have had ex-
perience (luring two sessions in occupying a
seat at the outer tier of desks, and I verily
declare that I cannot hear one third of the
proceedings of this House distinctly. I believe
that such is especially the case with those
members who sit on the outer corners. Last
summer the floor of the House was all taken
up, and the aisles were put upon a level
with the floor. These aisles are very wide,
and there is no doubt the desks could be so
crowded together by lessening the width of the
aisles, or doing away with some of them alto-
gether, so as to accommodate the members
now sitting on the outer rowswith scats within
hearing of the Speaker's chair. All I desire
is that the subject may be referred to a select
committee to inquire into the practicability
of making the arrangement proposed for the
better accommodation of the members ot the
House. 1 demand the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that the inquiry be referred to the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds, which has
already been appointed.
Mr. COBURN. I am willing to accept that
suggestion of the Chair.
Mr. WOOD. Does this resolution carry
with it the power to do this thing, or is the
committee to report back to the House the
result of its investigation?
The SPEAKER. It merely refers the in-
quiry to the committee, with leave to refer back
at any time.
Mr. COBURN. I do not object to this
inquiry going to tho Committee on I ublic
Buildings anil Grounds.
Mr. POTTER. I think tho gentleman from
Indiana voted to increase the number of mem-
bers in this House to two hundred and eighty-
three. How did he propose to accommodate
them 1
Mr. COBURN. When that increase takes
place we can require that two members shall
sit at one desk, and if the House is not large
enough we can do away with the desks alto-
gether. I will modify my resolution by striking
out the select committee, and making it the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
one hundred and seventeen, noes not counted.
So the resolution was adopted.
rotunda.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, took the floor.
Mr. WOOD. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me to offer a resolution.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will yield to
the gentleman from New York for the last
time.
Mr. WOOD. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution :
Resolved, Thatthe joint Committee on the Library
be requested to inquire into tho expediency of hav-
ing the keys or explanatory cards icptaced to tho
paintings in the Rotunda of tho Capitol.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Change it so as
to make it an order.
Mr. WOOD. I should like it better to have
it so changed.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would suggest to the
gentleman from New York that he amend his
resolution by making it more general. There
are various fresco paintings to which it should
be made to apply.
Mr. WOOD. I will state that originally,
when these paintings were placed in the Ro-
tunda, each of them had its key or explanation
card. These remained there for a number of
years, until finally they have all disappeared
except one. The object of this resolution is
to give the committee power to replace them.
I accept the modification suggested by the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Mayxauii.]
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman mod-
ify liis resolution so as to make it peromptuiy ?
Mr. WOOD. I desire the resolution to pass
as originally presented, with the modification
as suggested by thegentleinan from Tennessee.
The-SPEAKER. The resolution as modi-
fied will be again reported.
The Clerk read as follows :
Revolved, Thatthe joint Committee mi the Library
bo requested to inquire into the expediency ot hav-
ing tlfe keys or explanation cards replaced to tho
paintings in the Rotundaof the Capitol, and to such
othors as tho committee may deem proper.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to ask
the consent of the House that the legislative
appropriation bill, made a special order for
to-morrow after the morning hour, bo consid-
ered in order in Committee of tho Whole.
Several gentlemen have reserved points of
order on the bill. I will call the attention ot
the gentlemen who have reserved points of
order on the bill to this, that there are but
four things in the bill that have the character
of legislation. I can explain in a moment
what they are.
At page 7 the bill provides that the Clerk of
the House shall make up a statement of all
the expenditures of the House at the close of
each fiscal year, so that lie may make the same
showing in the closing of his accounts as other
Departments of the Government are required
to do. That, of course, is a piece of legis-
lation. The second legislative clause in the bill
is found on page 21. and limits the salaries ot
collectors of internal revenue to $4,501) a year.
They are not now so limited. Their com-
pensation and allowances are now limited to
$5,000, but the law provides that the Secretary
of the Treasury may make additional allow-
ances under certain circumstances. The com-
mittee have added a clause which requires that
