1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1403
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, I do not see what the amendment of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood] has
to do with the question now before the House,
which is the appropriation of a deficiency of
$34,000 to the commissary department for
supplies totheFreedmen's Bureau. It strikes
me that this paragraph is taken advantage of,
merely as affording an opportunity to bring
some charges against General Howard. I
never heard of these charges before, until the
gentleman from New York preferred them,
and put in the memorial which has just been
read. But I have this moment had a letter
handed to me, which came from General
Howard, denying those charges, and I send it
to the desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Washinoton, D. C., February 28,1872.
Dear Sir : A petition has been started by a per-
sonal enemy of mine and been numerously signed
by freedmen on what is called the Barry farm, stat-
ing something to the effect that the lots were sold
without proper metes and bounds, and that the lots
run to the middle line of the streets.
Just what the paper is I cannot toll, as ithas gone
to a member of Congress, and I cannot ascertain
whom; butXwish to say that the lots were carefully
surveyed and platted by the county surveyor, Mr.
B. D. Carpenter, and recorded in the surveyor's office
of the county.
The descriptions given of these lots in deeds are
perfect and safe, and the plan of survey by which
lines were run to the middle lino of roads was just
and in accordance with usage in such cases. There
is not the slightest ground forcomplaint. Thecom-
plainants themselves have been deceived into doing
what I tearn they now regret.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
0. O. HO WAIID, Brigadier General
United States Army, Gommihbioner, rtv:.
Hon. Mr. Cobb, M. 0.
Mr. WOOD. I call the attention of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Brooks]
to the fact that while making a general denial,
General Howard in that letter does not deny
the allegation of the petitioners that they were
made to pay taxes to the Freedmen's Bureau
officers. He does not deny that allegation,
which is the most serious one yet made. They
paid their county taxes and they paid their
bureau taxes. What bureau taxes? I want to
know if the Freedmen's Bureau levied a tax
upon these poor negroes?'
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I sup-
pose that General Howard never saw that peti-
tion. He states in his letter that he under-
stands such a petition has been in circulation,
and has been signed by certain persons, but he
cannot tell exactly what the petition is. He
does not know what its contents are, but he
makes a statement of the facts to which he
supposes the petition relates.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Without going
into the merits of this controversy, I may say
that it is clearly outside the scope of the para-
graph in the bill which is now before the com-
mittee. While the amendment has been ruled
in order, it certainly is entirely beyond the
general spirit and scope of what we are now
engaged in ; if you put the proviso in the bill,
I do not see exactly how it can be executed.
This money is to be paid back into the com-
missary department, and must find its way into
the Treasury. It merely adjusts accounts
between different Departments of the Govern-
ment, and has nothing to do with the expend-
itures of the Freedmen's Bureau.
I ask for a vote, although I hope the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Wood] will see fit
to withdraw his amendment.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman yield to
me a single minute?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I yield to the
gentleman the rest of my time.
Mr. WOOD. I agree with the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] that it would be
very difficult for the Department practically to
execute this proviso if added to the paragraph.
But I call attention to the fact that the gentle-
man proposes to report from his committee,
in the Army appropriation bill an appropria-
tion of from one hundred and fifty thousand
to two hundred thousand dollars in continu-
ation of the Freedmen's Bureau, by providing
certain supplies through the War Department.
I wish to call the attention of Congress and
the people to that fact.
Mr. GARFIELD,, of Ohio. On the con-
trary, I intend to report a proviso that all and
sundry of the functions of that bureau shall be
turned over to the War Department, and that
nothing shall be left of it.
Mr. WOOD. Every deficiency bill and
every Army appropriation bill bring up propo-
sitions to appropriate more and more money,
for the Freedmen's Bureau. This is done
years and years after we have discontinued
the bureau. And now I want to conclude this
thing ; and if these poor people have been
robbed and plundered, I say the House ought
to know it, that we may take the proper action
hereafter. I have no expectation that the
committee will adopt the proviso I have of-
fered, and having accomplished my purpose
and performed my promise to these poor peo-
ple, I now withdraw the amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Tor forage for horses belonging to field and staff
officers of the marines, $1,447 34.
Mr. COX. We have struck the Marine
corps again, and I move to strike out that par-
agraph about horses and forage. I am speak-
ing now not so much to the House as to the
Chair, but I understood when I offered my
amendment the other day to strike out the
million and odd dollars for the Marine corps,
the honored gentleman from Ohio who is
now occupying the Chair, was in favor of my
motion, and complained of my prematurely
withdrawing it before the vote was taken. I
make this remark because it gives my motion
the moral weight of the influence of the Chair-
man.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair begs leave
to state that the Chair has no moral weight.
Its office is merely to keep order. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I suppose the
gentleman from New York has made his speech
and will now let us take a vote.
Mr. COX. The gentleman has no idea how
fruitful this paragraph is for a speech. I am
not quite through yet.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I beg the
gentleman's pardon.
Mr. COX. The gentleman himself is in
favor of striking out this Marine corps system,
and I think if a vote could be taken the House
would be in favor of it. I am not aware of
ajiy utility of this Marine corps service at all
in the Navy. As I said heretofore, they do
not go aloft, they do not do anything but act
merely as policemen on board ship. This
bill provides horses for them, and they have a
brigadier general. Well, sir, the marine corps
fought long ago at the battle of Acre, the
English marine corps fought years ago in the
Peninsula, and still further back the marine
corps foughtat Bunker Hill. Our Marine corps
captured old John Brown, of Ossawatomie.
But this was all on land, and 1 never heard of
their doing anything on the sea. I would like
to have a reform commenced in this deficiency,
especially as to horses for the Marine corps.
We voted the other day for horses and forage
for the Marine corps, and now here is another
deficiency for $1,000 for sea-horses! [Laugh-
ter.] I want the gentleman to commence his
reform in the Marine thorps system. If it is said
that these men act a? watchmen on board ship
and at navy-yards 1 retort that watchmen are
already provided for in the bill making appro-
priations for the navy-yards, &c., and if we
will give our whole minds to a reform in this
regard, as Beau Brummel did in tying his cra-
vat, [laughter] we might have something really
useful done. I am sorry to see my friend from
Ohio so impatient and so anxious to press
his bill through. He has already achieved
immortality by getting his appropriation bills
through three or four bills in advance of the
Senate, and I regret to see him so impatient,
especially in so important a matter as this,
which requires our most serious consideration,
Mr. ARCHER. I was not present a few
days ago when the gentleman from New York
spoke upon the Marine corps, but I think he
misapprehended the use which they are in the
naval service of the country. They are abso-
lutely necessary for the government of the
Navy, because it is impossible that the police
duties of a ship can be efficiently done by the
sailors themselves. One sailor will not en-
force the regulations against another, as the
marines do. The gentleman is wrong in say-
ing that they perform no duties aboard ship.
They are liable to be called upon for various
duties in the way of manual labor on board
ship. They are called on frequently by the
officers of the Navy. They are necessary, too,
in fighting a ship, because all through the war
the marines not only used musketry aboard
ships, but fought the guns. I shall be sorry
to see any attack made on the Marine corps
in this House, because I believe that when we
strike at it we strike at the best government
of the Navy. The gentleman is wrong in his
proposition to strike at the Marine corps.
With regard to this particular item which he
now proposes to strike out, I do not know
exactly how the deficiency occurred, but the
use of horses about the marine barracks in the
different navy-yards is absolutely necessary.
I agree with the gentleman from New York
in one respect, and that is that both watchmen
and marines are not necessary. I have upon
a former occasion asked the House to strike
out, and at one time we did strike out the pro-
vision for watchmen, because that duty prop-
erly belongs to the Marine corps, and those
appropriations ought to be struck from the
naval appropriation bill, and the marines ought
to be made to do the duty now performed by
the watchmen ; but the Marine corps itself is
necessary both in the navy-yards and aboard
ship.
Mr. BANKS. If there is no other duty for
these marines except to act as watchmen, then
I hope the Marine corps will be abolished
immediately.
Mr. ARCHER. The gentleman could not
have listened to the first part of my remarks,
or I think he would have observed that I indi-
cated other duties for these marines to per-
form.
Mr. BANKS. If that be among the duties
of the marines, to discharge duties of civil-
ians under the Government, then the Marine
corps ought to be abolished at once, whether
we give them forage or not.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate upon the pend-
ing amendment has been exhausted.
Mr. COX. I withdraw my motion to strike
out the paragraph, and in lieu of that motion
I move to amend the paragraph so as to re-
duce by the sum of $1,000 the amount pro-
posed to be appropriated. I do this for the
purpose of saying, in reply to the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Archer,] that it is possi-
ble to get along with a navy without marines.
There is no such thing as a marine corps in
the French navy, or in any other navy in the
world, except perhaps the British navy. The
origin of the system of marines in the British
navy was the impressment of seamen and the
arrest of deserters. There was no other object
for them whatsoever. We very naturally fell
into the British system, because of our rela-
tions with Great Britain. The reason of the
law has long since passed, and the law ought
to be repealed. We are following in the old
rut, the rut of the English system, without
any good reason whatever for it.
I applaud the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Baxks] for having the boldness to step
forward here and assist in striking out this
thing. If we cannot strike out all of this ma-
rine system we can strike out a part of it, and
thus give a little notice to these gentlemen, who
seem to have vested rights in our nary-yards
and on board our ships, that next year there
