456
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 21,
Senate.
Extension of Ku Klux Act—Mr. Bayard.
42d Cons....2d Sess.
sequent page in stronger language as to the
condition of the State :
"Yet there are no improvements here, no court-
house, and no jail fitto put a hog in."
Mr. OSBORN. I should like to make a
statement.
Mr. BAYARD. There is a good deal more
to he said about Florida, and perhaps the
Senator had better wait until I get through.
Mr. OSBORN. All I wished to do was to
ask the Senator to read this same witness's
testimony as to himself having been tried by
court-martial as a defaulter in the Army.
Mr. BAYARD. This is a pretty good speci-
men of the manner in which an awkward fact
and honest witness is sought to be met and
overcome. Sir, the Sena or did attend a great
portion of the examination of witnesses there.
He was in the committee-room. Although
gentlemen from Georgia* members of Con-
gress, had been excluded by order of the
committee, yet the Senator who has inter-
rupted me came into that committee room and
whs there daring a large poriion of the ex-
amination. He was not there when Captain
Charles B. Wilder was examined, but they had
furnished the chairman of the committee this
very question which the Senator has asked.
As they could not get rid of Mr. Wilder's
facts, they determined to break down Mr.
Wilder if they could. Now 1 will read what
Mr. Wilder himself said on that subject; he
was ready for them. At page 253 will be found
the commencement of a rigorous, severe, dis-
respectful cross-examination conducted by Mr.
Maynard, chairman of the sub-committee,
upon Captain Wilder. I do not propose to
fatigue the Senate by reading the whole of it:
"Question. Have you held any office since you have
been here?
" Answer. No, sir.
" Question. Have you been an applicant for any
office ?
" Ansroer. No, sir; I never was.
" Question. You have never sought any nomina-
tion ?
*'Anwer. No, sir; but X have refused a great
many.
" Question. You never wanted any office?
"lawr. I never had any inclination that way.
" Question. Where were you during the war?
*' A">swnr. I was in the war, fighting the battles of
freedom.
" Qitmtion. In what capacity?
" Answer. Assuperintendentof the freedmen, prior
to the bureau. I ran the bureau a long time before
it was organized.
" Quant ion, Where were vou stationed ?
" An*icer. At Fortress Monroe, i was there all
through the war and a year alter the war.
" QufSMtton, Did you have an opportunity to pur-
chase any lunda that were told for tuxes?
" Answer. In Virginia, yes.sir.
"Quextinn. Whoie did you purchase any?
*'An*rcf!)\ At auction ; there in Norfolk.
"Question. Do you hold those lands now ?
" A nxtver. Ye-, air.
" Qu>t>fi,,n, How much in amount and value ?
" Awwer. Not much less than ten thousand dol-
lars.
" Question. Have you sold any ?
"yl'i-wv. No, sir: they uro not worth anything.
Conii.-c.nn'H of lands dovs not hist only through the
hie lime ot the old owner." * * * *
"I us arrested and tried for ten days by a court-
maitiiil for swindling the (Government. by old Gen-
et al Old, who accused me of everything vile and
disoraerly.
" Question, What was the result of that court-
loari Jdi ?
"Answer. I was exonerated, where there was over
two handled thousand dollars involved.
" Qmxtion. You were court-martialed for embez-
zling I rota the Government over two hundred thou-
sand dollars ?
"Answer. There was as much as that involved. I
had charge as quartermaster and disbursing officer
of Government affairs m relation toire^duien and
abandoned land?. For a great while I saved the
Government $1,000 a day in making the negroes
support themselves.
" Question. What was the result of that court-
martial ?
"Answer. If you will read the result I would like
to h.ive you read it, [.putting his hand iu his
pocket.]
" Question. You have it here in your poeket ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; Isupposed it might be brought
up, and I put the piece in uay poeket. As long as
you propound such auostions, I would like to have
you know what tMa is, rather than- take-my word
for it. I believe all on the court-martial wereDem-
ocrats. X want to have this paper read before all
thee gentlemen.
" Question. From what naper is this taken ?
"Answer. From, the Washington Chronicle, I
believe; I am not sure."
Then follows the report of the court-martial,
in which the following is the finding:
" The undersigned, officers constituting the court-
martial for the trial of Captain C. B. Wilder, assist-
ant quartermaster, and late assistant superintend-
ent of negro affairs in the department of Virginia,
take pleasure in recommending Captain Wilder as
a competent and fit person for a prominent position
in your bureau.
"The investigation of the charges against Cap-
tain Wilder led to an examination of his acts, and
the management of his department during the whole
term of his administration, covering a period of
more than three years, during which time nothing
was found calling for complaint, but much was dis-
closed meriting praise ami commendation.
"Among other things, the evidence disclosed the
fact th' t Captain Wilder was the only Government
officer who interfered at the proper time to save the
improvements made by Government on the confis-
cated lands offered for sale, and to protect the inter-
ests of the freedmen in their occupation of the
lands.
"The evidence offered by Captain Wilder in his
defense {showed the intention of Captain Wilder in
bidding off certain lands to have been to promote
the interests of the freedmen, and not to appropriate
them to selfish orspeculative purposes.
"We h.ive reason to believe that few Govern-
ment officers can exhibit a more economical, faith-
ful, and correct record of the management of their
departments than Captain Wilder is able to show
of the administration of the affairs of his depart-
ment of assistant superintendent of negro affairs.
"We therefore most willingly recommend Cap-
tain Wilder for some important po ition in a de-
partment where he has had so much experience and
exhibited so much ability and fidelity to theGov-
ernmen t,"
Now, if the Senator has any more questions
to ask about Captain Wilder, let him do so
before I think it necessary to fortify myself as
Captain Wilder was fortified in Florida when
he was hubjecred to all the suggestions that the
hostility of men who managed, arranged, and
conducted the so-called investigation of Florida
could bring against him. He made a home
there; and theie is one fact that before I pass
away from his I wish to show. He said he
knew who inspired these questionsagainst him,
and at page 257 he gave the names of the
parties who he thought had suggested them.
But here is a little suggestion which I wish the
Senator to observe. Here is a man who has
been a lite-long Republican, who has been an
ardent agitator of the so called party of free-
dom all his life. He is not an adventurer.
He earned to Florida some $100,000 of prop-
erty, and he is doing his best to make that
community flourish. I was myself a witness of
it as an inhabitant of an exceeding pleasant,
well-kept hotel, which the people of Florida
owed to his enterprise and outlay. That man,
irreproachable iu character and devoted to
ideas that I have not approved politically, a
valuable citizen, here states, when asked for
the list of people who were practicing intimida-
tion uttou such as he, declined to name them,
and ihis occurred :
"Question. You spoke about some man who gave
$10,U00 lor an office ; who was he ?
"Answer. I do not want to call names.
"Question. I want you to call names.
"Answer. Then wait till that man [pointing to
United States Marshal Conant] goes out and I will
tell you."
He then gave the name of the party who
was alleged to have paid $10,000 for the
office, if the Senate are curious to see it,
they can find it at page 254. At page 255 he
was asked by me:
" Question. You have told us about the United
Statesofficials in this State, and you said you did
not wish the United States marshal to be present
while you were testifying here.
"Answer. I did not; I do not think my life would
be safe here, it it could be taken secretly, if it should
be known what I have told you."
We have heard a great deal of lawlessness ;
we have heard a great deal of the dangers and
violence of the mysterious Ku Kiux. Here
was an old gray-haired man, respectable in
every particular, who there testified to.that,
committee in my presence, after he had refused
to give an answer until the United States offi-
cial had left the room, when asked why he had
refused, said because he believed his life was
in danger; and the same witness testified that
when they had sought to expose official rob-
beries and defalcations, the parties who did
expose them had been mobbed in the street.
But, Mr. President, this episode of affairs in
Florida has carried me for the time away from
the State of South Carolina, some features in
which I desire to place before the Senate and
the country.
These nine counties have been under mar-
tial law for nine long months. There never
was a witness, and I do not think one can be
found in all th<$e volumes of testimony, who
will say that civil or criminal process, judi-
cial process, could not be served at any time in
any portion of South Carolina without resist-
ance on the part of the persons they were in
search of.
But nine months have gone by; arrests with-
out number have been made ; old men, young
men, men crippled and unable to leave their
homes for mouths have been dragged at the
great danger of their lives and have been
thrust into the common jail without any inquiry
or means of inquiry as to what had been their
offenses. It has been a reign of terror. And
what did it end in? It well-nigh destroyed
those counties. I remember well in passing
on the railway through the counties that you
could tell by the desolate appearance of the
fields, you could tell by the vacant railway
stations that something was wrong ; and finally
on reaching the station where I saw some
people, I asked a young gentleman whom [
found there if that county was under martial
law? He said no, not that county, but all of
those through which we had passed. He stated
to me that almost all the white men had been
compelled to leave their homes, because that
respectability, that age, that good character,
that high standing, was no protection to any
man in that community against the pointed
finger of any worthless degraded negro who
might choose to charge him with having been
connected with some society which had in
some past time inflicted some injury on him-
self or his friends.
Let me show the Senate what is to be the
condition of Carolina, and let them see what
martial law means. I am sure if this flung
could be brought home to the hearts of the
northern people it would teach them to prize
something of this great writ of liberty which
this bill proposes to put in the hands of the
President to be suspended at his pleasure. I
read from the Charleston Daily News of the
17th of April, 1872:
"A Diabolical Outrage.
"Charlotte, April 16.—The latter part of last week
a squad ot Federal cavalry shot and killed a poor
countryman, by the name of Paris, while fishing m
a boat in Broad river, in York district. South Caro-
lina. The soldiers allege that they shot only to ter-
riiy him. The squad was under the command of
Lieutenant Benners.
" Two Men Killed in York.
"A gentleman from York county, yesterday, in-
formed us that on Friday last a squad of United
States troops, engaged in arresting parties suspected
of violation of the enforcement act, shot and killed
two brothers, named Craig, whom they were endeav-
oring to catch. The troops, as our informant heaid
the story, were in chase of the Craigs, and were
close upon them, when, reaching the Broad river,
about fifteen miles from Yorkville, the pursued
party plunged in, and were shot while swimming
across. One of the brothers was shot and sank in-
stant y, and no more has been seen of him. The
other was fatally wounded through the thigh, was
captured and brought on shore, but died on Satur-
day. Let us have peace/"— Columbia Phoenix oj yes-
terday.
Let us have peace 1 This is but one day's
doings. This is martial law. This is murder.
Have we any complaint of this from the Pres-
