im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
shall be soipe reform in the service. Why
should not the Marine corps be attached to the
Army rather than to our Navy, if we must
have such a porps ? Why have horses, and
brigadiers, and all of the paraphernalia of the
Army going to sea'? The gentleman from
Maryland [Mr, Archer] says these marines
wort the guns. Sir, the sailors are trained for
that purpose, and they perforin that duty. The
gentleman also says that these marines act as
a police corps, because of a certain antagonism
between them and the sailors. The sailors
regard the marines as a sort of amphibious
animals. In England they are called "jollies,"
because they have nothing to do but to lie
around. They are of no sort of service whatso-
ever in the Navy, or anywhere except on land.
They have done some service on land, for, as
I said before, they did arrest John Brown at
Harper's Ferry.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would not
have this Committee of the Whole think
that there has been perpetuated a useless
arm of service. I do not know but what
the Marine corps can be done away with at
some time, but this is not the place to do it—■
on a deficiency bill or a proposition to pay
an old debt. But I desire to say to gentle-
men that the Marine corps is the army of the
seas. The great mass of the men on board
the ship are there to work the ship and to
navigate her, to go aloft and to perform the
other duties of the sailors. The Marine corps
is the army of the ship, the men who light.
When Admiral Farragut and his (lag-ship went
up to New Orleans, he lost on one tack more
men of his Marine corps than $11 the sailors
who were killed on board his ship.
Mr. COX. Because they were useless there.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Because they
were there working the gans.
Mr. COX. If they had not been in the way
there they would not have been killed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Whenever an
attack is to be made on shore from the ships,
the landing and attacking the works are done
by the marines. They are not a useless or
merely ornamental arm of service. It is true
the Marine band have done something for us
here in Washington, and I am willing to pay
thorn for that. But I am not willing to have
the Marino corps and all its history laughed
out of court ill this way. 1 will yield the bal-
ance of my time to my colleague 011 the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, the gentleman from
California, [Mr. Sargent, J and then I hope that
we may have a vote.
MKSSAGU FROM THIS SENATE.
The Committee of the Whole 011 the slate of
the Union rose informally, and Mr. Dawes
having taken the ohairaa Speaker pro tempore,
a message from the Senate by Mr. Symi'Son,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had insisted on its amendment disagreed to by
the House to the bill (H, E. No. 1330) to amend
the lliirty-secoud section of the act entitled
"An act to reduce internal taxes aud for other
purposes," had agreed to the eon(erenee asked
by the House, and had appointed as conferees
on the part of the Senate, Mr. Sherman, Mr.
Tkumbull, and Mr. Blaib.
BESl'IUlHN'OY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union resumed its session.
Mr. SARGENT. I simply wish to call
attention to the fact that within a day or two
the Secrtary of the Navy has issued a general
order awarding medals to certain men and
some inferior officers of the Marine corps for
their gallant services (which are described in
the order) at the taking of the Corean forts
during the past year. The description of the
services rendered by those men shows that
under the most galling fire they behaved most
gallantly. One of them taking the flag, wheu
the person who had it in charge fell, mounted
the ramparts and with the aid of two or three
others of the corps succeeded in retaining his
position and keeping the enemy at bay until a
sufficient forpe had come to their relief. There
are some dpzen instances in which medals are
awarded for services as gallant and meritori-
ous as any ever rendered by soldiers or sailors
in any war we have ever had. In some dozen
or fifteen other cases honorable mention is
made of the services of members of this corps.
Thus we have an instance, recent and officially
authenticated, of the gallantry of these men
and their usefulness in any warlike contest.
Now, as for the general purpose of the Marine
corps, it is well known that they are liable to
be called on to perform any duty on board ship
except to go aloft. In the working of the ves-
sel, and similar duties, the Marine corps parti-
cipate. They are also valuable, as has been
stated, as a police force. But in battle they
are the rallying point; they are the centcr of
the force; they give steadiness and efficiency
to the efforts of the vessel. Whetherthe French
use a corps of this kind or not, they certainly
were found valuable in our own Navy during
the rebellion, and in this recent instance on
the distant waters of Asia.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent that debate be closed on the
pending paragraph.
There being no objection, debate was closed.
Mr. COX. 1 modify my amendment so as
to provide that no further allowance be paid
to this corps after this year.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is not in
order.
Mr. COX. Then I move to amend by strik-
ing out the paragraph. Let us have a square
vote on that proposition.
The amendment of Mr. Cox was not agreed
to, there being—ayes 31, noes 91.
The Clerk read as follows:
For indisponsable miscellaneous articles for the
use of the marine barracks at Brooklyn, Now York,
and for other posts, $731 60.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Iaminstructed
by the Committee on Appropriations to offer
the following, to come in after the paragraph
just read:
For completion of the survey of a route for a ship-
canal between the Atlantic and Paeitic oceans by
the routes ot Tcbuantcpec and .Nicaragua, with
roporta upon the same, £23,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COX. I move to amend by inserting
after the paragragh just read the following:
Provided, That hereafter the Marine oorps shall
bo reduced by the Secretary of the Navy to one
thousand men, rank and file.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I make the
point of order that this amendment proposes
to change existing law.
Mr. COX. That was theobject of the motion.
[Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The Clerk read as follows :
Patent Officc:
That (.he Commissioner of Patents is hereby au-
thorized to apply appropriations mado for one class
of employes to the payment of temporary employes
of another class, wheu the condition of the public
service in his bureau so demands: Provided, That
in no case shall this be construed to increase tho
compensation of any employes or the appropriations
made for the bureau.
Mr. HOLMAN. I raise a question of order
upon the paragraph jost read, that it changes
existing law. There is now in force a law
prohibiting what is here proposed to be done.
I suppose that will be conceded.
Mr. SARGENT. Would it not be worth
while for the gentleman, before making his
point of order, to ascertain whether it may not
be useful to adopt this provision? It does not
increase the appropriation at all.
Mr. HOLMAN. But it authorizes a vicious
principle which has been condemned by a law.
The object of the law, as it now stands, is to
hold the Department to a proper accountabil-
ity for appropriations. The present law pro-
hibits the doing of what this paragraph pro-
poses. The paragraph proposes to change the
existing law.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask, before
the Chair decides the point of order, that he
will hear a statement on the part of the gen-
tleman from California.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have no objection if it
is on the point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hear the
gentleman from California on the point of
order.
Mr. HOLMAN. Discussion of the merits
of the proposition, of course, I object to.
Mr. SARGENT. I will state in the first
place, Mr. Chairman, that the Patent Office is
one of the institutions of the country which
pay a revenue into the Treasury.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is generally known.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman from In-
diana will please allow me to make my remarks
in my own way. It is not run for the benefit of
the inventors particularly, but the inventors
put into the Treasury, in the way of fees, an
amount very largely in excess of the amount
which Congress allows to be expended in order
to facilitate the business of the Patent Office.
It is about one hundred and sixty thousand
dollars a year.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order.
I have no objection to the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia discussing the point of order,_ but I
submit that the merits of the proposition are
not now before the House.
Mr. SARGENT. I am speaking to the
merits of the proposition. I doubt whether
every man's ideas in this House can be made
to run precisely in the same channel as my
friend from Indiana. If that could be done
perhaps they might be improved. I have but
a word or two to say, and I hope he will let
me say it in my own way. I wish to say that
this Pepartment of the Government has that
merit, that the Patent Office, so far from being
a burden upon the people, actually pays a reve-
nue into the Treasury.
It sometimes happens from the fluctuations
in the different kinds of work in the Patent
Office that there may not be a necessity for tho
employmentof certain kinds of employes, while
there may be a demand in another direction
which requires an additional temporary supply
of force, differing in this respect, on account
of the character of the work done in the Patent
Office, from any other department of the Gov-
ernment whatever. It sometimes happens that
higher clerks, fourth-class clerks, can be (lis
pensed with where we have allowed them by law
for the next fiscal year one or two or three or four
of the higher-class clerks in the Patent Office,
that they can get along without using them for
that purpose, while in the lower scale, for in-
stance, draughtsmen, copyists, or something of
that kind, in order to meet an emergency this
amount can be used for a beneficial purpose.
It is for that reason, on the suggestion of the
Commissioner of Patents we here enable him
to use the money appropriated for a higher
class of clerka to the payment of the tempo-
rary services of persons whose services may
be more indispensable. For that reason this
appropriation has been recommended by the
Committee on Appropriations. The object
aimed at is certainly an excellent one, and
ought- to be looked upon, I think, by the House
as a very proper use of the funds ot the Patent
Office, which are made up by contributions of
the inventors for whose benefit these services
are to be performed. It is for the efficiency
of the Patent Office, and to increase its useful-
ness, that this appropriation is recommended.
I hope, therefore, for these public reasons the
gentleman from Indiana will not insist on the
point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. L. MYERS. I move an amendment to
come in at line four hundred and forty-eight.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That has been
ruled out—say line four hundred and forty-
one.
Mr. L. MYERS. Very well; I move to
