3196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
and, in the next place, if the provisions of
this bill aa they now exist in it are retained, I
will not vote for it under any circumstances,
whether it is offered as a substitute for the
pending bill or is put upon its passage as an
independent proposition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 find from the remarks
of the Senator from West Virginia that I mis-
understood his positiou. I thought from a
remark or two that he made after the proposi-
tion was offered by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, that he was prepared to give up the
amnesty bill and allow the amendment to pre-
vail. 1 find I misunderstood the Senator and
I am very glad to find that I did misunder-
stand him.
Mr. BOREMAN. I should like to know
from the Senator from Illinois upon what
ground he had any such suspicion?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was in consequence
of a remark made by the Senator after the
amendment was offered, which I cannot now
repeat. I drew the inference from what he
said that he was prepared to sustain the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts and
give up the amnesty bill, f am very much
gratified to find tfyat I was mistaken, and it is
due to the Senator to say that 1 spoke under
a misapprehension as to his position, which I
am sorry that 1 misunderstood.
Mr. BOKEMAN. I do not wish to be mis-
understood about this manor. I should not
be, i apprehend, with the Senator from Illinois
on this bill if it was here as an independent
proposition, because there is a gieat. deal in
this bill 1 might vote for; but this provision
to which 1 have referred 1 cannot support.
Besides, I think it is inappropriate), as I said
before, offered as a substitute for the pending
bill.
Mr. FlilUtY, of Connecticut. I shall vole
against the substitution of the bill of the
Semitur from Massachusetts for one reason, if
for no other; and that is a reason which
seems to me in good faith obligatory upon
every member of the majority in this body.
We have seen through lite public press, apart
from our own knowledge of the facts, and we
have seen /rom the course of business here,
that the majority of this body lias certainly
understood that there was a detinue order of
business which was expected to be followed;
certain measures to be taken up in their order
arid disposed of, and among those measures
was the. amnesty bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to interrupt
rny^ friend just, there. As he alludes to it, I
believe I may say itiat, it was equally well un-
derstood that with the amnesty bill wan to
come up the civil rights bill.
•Mr h'KURY, of Connecticut, i shailauswer
that remark before I gut through.
Now, then, when the amnesty bill comes up
in its due order, m accord/nice with that ar-
rangement, under the charge of the Senator
from West Virginia, the Senator from Massa-
chusetts proposes lo lay aside the amnesty bill
entirely, not to offer his civil rights bill as an
amendment to it,; that is not this measure,
although it assumes that parliamentary form;
but in violation of the arrangement., in accord-
ance with which arrangement we have all
voted in proceeding with the business here up
to this time, the amnesty bill now is to be laid
aside and another bill substituted for it. I, at
any rate, having participated m that arrange-
ment, shall not consent to lay aside the amnesty
bill.
But there is another reason which with me
would also be conclusive. I believe that if the
amnesty bill is thus laid aside, and the bill of
the Senator from Massachusetts substituted in
its place, it is fatal to the amnesty bill for this
session of Congress. What is the actual con-
dition of things in regard to the amnesty bill?
There is an original Senate measure upon our
Calendar which it is not expected can betaken
up by the Senate and passed and seat to the
House of Representatives and there be dis-
posed of at the present session ; but there is
another House bill, containing one more lim-
itation than the present bill, which it is said
we can take up and pass at any time and send
back to the House. We can theoietically,
but practically we cannot; because upon that
very bill, when once formerly it was before
the Senate, three other restrictive amend
ments were placed by the Senate. If you send
the bill back to the House with these three
new restrictions upon it, to which the House
would disagree if their action should be in
accordance with their subsequent action upon
other amnesty bills, the result inevitably
would be that in the short period of the
session which is apparently left, the disagree-
ment between the two Houses upon these addi-
tional restrictive amendments would result in
the loss of the amnesty bill for the session;
and I cannot but think that this was the reason
that in the arrangement of the order of busi-
ness the amnesty bill was specifically named
as one of the bills to be disposed of in that
order. I hope, therefore, in pursuance of
good faith toward each other, and for the sake
of having something assured on the amnesty
question during the present session, the
amendment of tlieSenator from Massachusetts
will not prevail.
Mr. CliAQIN. On a fo rraer occasion when
this subject was before the Senate, with some
hesitation I voted for the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts as an addition to
the amnesty bill, hoping that both measures
might be passed at the same time ; but when
1 ascertained I hat that bill failed, I made up
my mind that whenever the amnesty bill should
be again before the Senate, 1 should vote
against the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts; ami although the amendment
ill its present, shape is not offered as an addi-
tion lo the amnesty bill, but as a substitute for
it, 1 still believe it my duty to vote against that
amendment, and 1 shall do so. I shall do so
for this reason: the bill now before the Sen-
ate, the amnesty bill, is a House bill. If two
thirds ol the Senators present vote for it, it
will become a law, and a law at once; but if
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Massachusetts is adopted, then it becomes the
mere action of tiie Senate, and the amnesty
bill is lost.
Sir, I try to be a practical man. 1 try to do
things in their order. I am in favor of this
amnesty bill, and I am in favor of the bill of
the Senator from Massachusetts. I should
pie.i'er to have it modified in some respects,
but I am ready to vote for it even as he offers
it. But beins in favor of both these meas-
ures, I go for the one that is most likely to
pass and become a law, and then, when the
proper occasion arises, I shall go for the other.
Mr. CARI'EN 1'ER. When this subject was
before the Senate during the early part of the
■session, 1 was favored by the Senate with an
opportunity to express fully my views on the
question. I shall therefore not trespass upon
your time to-day, but simply state the grounds
upon which 1 shall vote.
I should vote as cheerfully as the Senator
from Massachusetts would for the substance
of his amendment,, either as an amendment to
this bill or as an independent bill; but there
is one provision in that bill which relates to
the qualification of jurors in State courts which
I regard as clearly unconstitutional. I ex-
pressed that opinion in the debate in the early
pait of the session, and since that time I have
taken some pains, by conversation and corre-
spondence, to ascertain the views of some of
the best, lawyers in the country, and I have
never seen a man who expressed the slightest
doubt upon the proposition that that provision
was unconstitutional. One of the ablest judges
in this country, a leading judge of one of the
most important, States, strongly in sympathy
with us in politics, wrote me a letter only a
few days ago saying that the only thing he had
been perplexed about was to find out upon
what ground those who claimed the power
rested it.
I shall therefore vote against this amend-
ment as a whole. Last winter I moved for it
a substitute, which contained, with some
change of phraseology that I thought an im-
provement, the principal features of the
amendments offered by the Senator from
Massachusetts. That was voted down by the
Senate, and I have no hopes that the Senate
would take a different view of it now. I
therefore with this explanation of the motive
for casting this vote shall content myself
with simply voting against the proposition.
Mr. UASSERLz. Mr. President, as I under-
stand it, the pending question is on the motion
of the Senator from Massachusetts, to strike out
all after the enacting clause of this bill and
substitute his bill in regard to civil rights. The
bill as presented in the Senate is a bill for the
removal of disabilities under the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution, and as such
requires the vote of two thiids. The bill pro-
posed by the Senator from Massachusetts is a
bill within the line of otdinary legislation, and
may be passed by this body by a mere majority.
I am opposed to his bill on its merits as a
question of policy and as a question of consti-
tutional power. I shall not argue either of
those grounds at any length just now.
With respect to the question of constitu-
tional power, I have carefully looked through
the late amendments to the Constitution, and
I fail to discover in any of them any ground or
even a colorable excuse for his bill. I shall
vote against, the motion of the Senator upon a
ground which perhaps may be regarded aa
settled for the purposes of this debate by the
decision of the Senate upon the recent ruling
of the Chair; yet I deem the question involved
to be of such magnitude as to make it not im-
proper for me to state very briefly why 1 shall
vote against the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts, for the simple reason that I
do not think be has any right to move, nor the
Senate any right to receive on his motion, a
majority bill as a substitute for the proposed
bill for the removal of disabilities. Sir, this
is a very important question. It is a funda-
mental question, because it respects questions
of fundamental consequence in this Govern-
ment-
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator from
California if he will give way long enough for
me to test the sense of the Senate either to
adjourn or take a recess until seven and ahalf
o'clock.
Mr. CASSEIILY. Of course; but at the
same time I suggest to the Senator from Ohio
whether a recess should be taken to-day. No
notice whatever was given early in the day.
Mr. SHERMAN. There isastandingorder
now that a motion for a recess shall always be
in order. I simply wish to take the sense of
the Senate.
Mr. C ASSERLY. If the Senator will allow
me, I think we shall not differ as to the fact.
There is a rule permitting such a motion to be
made at any time. I understand that.
^ The VICE PRESIDENT. But not when a
Senator is upon the floor.
Mr. CASSEliLY. I do not avail myself of
that objection to his making the motion. But
1 suggest for the consideration of the Senator
from Ohio and of the Senate that where it is
intended to take a recess, notice ought to be
given at an early hour in the day, so as to
enable Senators to make their arrangements
accordingly. It takes me by surprise, and I
have no doubt it takes many other Senators
by surprise, and greatly embarrasses all of US
who are so taken by surprise, to have a recess
ordered at so late an hour of the day as the
present.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am willing to change
the motion to one for adjournment if the Sen-
ate prefer it.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator will allow
me5 I will make a suggestion that perhaps will
