1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2801
regard to postal reform, and in giving new
facilities to the circulation of correspondence
and accommodation to the people through the
Post Office Department. The advantages to
be derived from this postal reform, I believe,
will be very great, increase and extend cor-
respondence, and also increase the revenue of
the Post Office Department.
The correspondence, or post card, is an open
card of good stiff paper, of convenient size,
to be sold at one cent each, or one dollar per
hundred. One side is used for the address,
and on the other to be written such news or
communication as one may wish to send. Here
are some specimens such as are used in Eng-
land and Germany at the present time. These
post cards have been in use in England about
eighteen months. I have seen it stated that
during the first quarter of the employment of
these postal cards there were more than fifty-
eight millions of them sold in England, and
that for the year the number would exceed one
hundred millions.
It may be said by some that the use of the
postal card will diminish the number of let-
ters through the mails, and thereby decrease
the revenue. In England the number of let-
ters has increased. From the official figures
obtained from one of the Blue Books pub-
lished by tiie English Government, and it is
said published with great care arid correctness,
it is ascertained that—
" In the last week of March, 1870, when the postal
card did not exist, the number of letters sent was
• 16,834,005; for the liist week of March, 1871, wlien
the postal curd had been in use six months, the
number of letters was 17,1ST,840, while in addition
l,4o8,395 postal cards were added to the circulation,
aqd instead of being diminished the receipts of the
treasury were increased."
And it is stated a similar result follows
wherever they are in use.
Germany adopted the correspondence card
in 1870. It went into operation July 1, 1870,
and has rapidly become very popular and
greatly used.
These new facilities, which give circula-
tion of correspondence, tend greaily to trans-
mit knowledge and intelligence throughout
the country; for the cheaper we can make
postage to the masses, the greater, more ex-
tended, and more frequent will be communi-
cation and the multiplication of exchanges,
one with the other. The Post Office Depart-
ment is a public service, and comes nearer
to the people than any other branch of the
Government; and, Mr. Speaker, I hold it
our duty to render every convenience, accom-
modation, and advantage possible to the peo-
ple of our great country. I believe, sir, if we
were at once to make one bold move, adopt
"penny :: postage on all letters under half-
ounce weight, and reduction on all printed
matter in proportion, our revenue would be
increased rather than diminished, for the in-
crease of correspondence and mailable matter
through the mails would, in my opinion, be
so increased as to make up the difference.
Instead of seeking to make the Post Office
Department a source of material profit, we
should constantly have in view the great
national profit, the increase of all the relations
of society. In the language of another—
"It is the real social force, and if you would com-
bat the perils which insane doctrines endeavor to
raise, evoke tor the profit of society the force par
excellence; evoke the benefits which it dispenses to
all the world. In the number of these benefits is
found the facility ot relations and correspondence;
the multiplication of exchanges; the increase of
productions and riches which are allied with it."
I am satisfied the adoption of the one-cent
post card by our Government will meet the
hearty approval of the people, and will be
a matter of advantage and accommodation
greatly needed. Several articles have been
brought to my notice showing the favor in
which the post card is held where they are in
use; and 1 take the liberty of quoting the
following extract .from a letter of a gentleman
traveling in Canada. He says :
"As a matter of present interest to the United
States, I propose to give a few particulars as to the
working of the system here.
''Canada Post Cards.—The card issued by tho Cana-
dian Government is tour and a half inches long by
three inches wide, and in thickness is but little more
substantial than heavy letter-paper. On its face are
the words, ' Canada post card,'a fac simile of a one-
cent stamp, and, ' The address only to be written
on this side.' Below are three lines upon which to
write the direction, and that'is all. The reverse of
the card is perfectly blank, and upon this may easily
be written legibly from twelve to eighteen lines of
correspondence. The card, indeed, is an exact copy
of those issued by the English Government, and now
so extensively in use m Great Britain; and there-
fore, if the praise for originating is to be rendered to
any country, it is further off than Canada to where
the United States must remit it.
"Although not many months in operation the
cards are general favorites here. Merchants buy ,
them by the thousands, and having had their cards,
circulars, or prospectuses printed on the back, scat-
ter them broadcast. Hitherto they had to buy en-
velopes. stamps, and paper, and pay besides for
folding the circular and placing tho stamps on the
envelopes, at a total cost per circular of tully three
cents. Now it is but one cent. As a consequence it
is sale to estimate that the transmission of circulais
by the mails has increased over five hundred per
cent.; such, at least, is the estimate of the Post
Office Department, and I believe these figures to be
below the mark. Besides merchants, every con-
ceivable sort of business is benefited by those cards.
Schools send out their circulars thereon,newspapers
their prospectuses tor coming volumes; book pub-
lishers also do the same; railroad companies send
their time-tables; and in almost innumerable num-
bers is the printed cireular on the postal card sent
forth by business firms. As such there can be no
manner of doubt of their being an immense success.
"As u Letter Medium— In the ordinary run of cor-
respondence only about one letter in ten is neces-
sarily private, or sueh that it may not be seen by
strangers. The card proves itself an invaluable aid
to correspondence. A pencil has been introduced,
the writing of which is almost indelible. With a
dozen cards in his coat pocket, the bulk of which is
not equal to two letters, the traveler by rail is enabled
to report his doings as he goes along, and at each
station a post office box awaits his missive, besides
the mail messengers on many of the trains. With
these conveniences of correspondence the mail mat-
ter of tileCanadas has increased nearly five hundred
fold. A little village post office I lately visited re-
ceived before the time ot postcaids some thirty let-
ters a day; now it averages nearly one hundred and
fifty cards. As regards secrecy in largo cities, the
reading of the postal c lrds by the post offico clerks
is an impossibility, and even in the smaller offices
the postmaster is not witling to wade through fifty
orsixty documents, all ofthem ambiguously couched,
to glean literally nothing."
Mr. Speaker, I deem it unnecessary to say
anything more to convince the members of
this House of the importance and advantage
of this post card. I trust all are prepared to
give their support to the bill,' and that it will
receive the unanimous vote of the House, and
thus another advance and reform be inaugu-
rated in our postal affairs, and prove to be the
pioneer to " penny " postage for the forty mil-
lion people who live in this favored land.
I hold in my hand several of these post
cards issued in Germany and in England. I
hope there will be no objection to the bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I submit this as an addi-
tional section. *
The Clerk read as follows ;
That in every instance the Postmaster General
shall advertise for proposals for the furnishing of
said postal cards, as in other contracts, and in every
case the lowest bid shall be accepted; the quality
and style of said cards being first determined by a
board of three experts, to be selected by the Post-
master General, one from the Treasury Department,
employed in the Engraving Bureau, the other two
to be appointed outside of the Department, and to be
experts m engraving; and neither of the members
1 of the said board to be interested in the contract for
furnishing said cards, or other contract in tho Post
Office Department.
mouse celebration.
The SPEAKER announced as the members
of the special committee appointed to make
arrangements for the Morse celebration, Mr.
Ellis H. IIobebts of New York, Mr. Frank
W. Palme:', of Iowa, and Mr. Francis E.
Shobeii of North Carolina. I
postal cards.
The House resumed the consideration of !
the bill in relation to the introduction of
postal cards.
Mr. HILL. I yield to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. GARFIELD, ot Ohio. It will be re-
membered by some gentlemen here that a year
ago, when this bill or a similar bill was pend-
ing, I raised an objection to it at that time on
account of what seemed to me a danger to
which the postal-card system would be liable.
I pointed out that the use of an open card
like this which I hold in my hand, which is
the Canada postal card, would afford an oppor-
tunity for libelous addresses. It seemed to
me that the system was open to that objec-
tion in a very serious way. If any man
wanted to libel or injure his neighbor, all he
had to do was to write some libelous letter
addressed to him on a post card, which would
pass through the hands of the officers of the
Pos.t Office Department, of-the carriers, of the
route agents, of the postmasters, and would
pass iijto the hands of servants in the family
and thus be a vehicle of very great injury to
the person to whom it was addressed.
Smce I submitted those remarks, I have
from time to time received a great many
marked newspapers, foreign and domestic,
calling my attention to facts in that direc-
tion, and proving that the suggestion which
I then made had facts to support it. I con-
ferred with the gentleman who has charge of
this bill, and inquired what means he had
taken to prevent that sort of thing. I have
also, since I made those remarks last year,
had sent to me a number of proposed inven-
tions. Here is one of them, where there are
two side flaps, and an upper flap, which folds
down over one side of the card, and on which
the address may be written, while the side of
the card so covered is reserved for the cor-
respondence, which cannot be written until the
flap is opened.
Mr. FiNKELNBURG. Could a sheet of
note paper be inserted?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I think not.
These flaps would be simply folded and
gummed at the edges. I think the committee
ought to consider whether the postal-card
system should not be so extended as to have a
folded card fastened at the edges, which could
not by any possibility contain more than what-
ever writing you could put ou one side of a
paper like tliio one folded.
Mr. SARGENT. Are the styles of card
which the gentleman holds in his hands pat-
ented?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Some of them
are patented and some are not. That which
1 now show to the House is the card which has
been adopted in Germany, and one of the
printed instructions ou the outside, designed to
afford protection against libelous writing, is as
follows, as it has been translated for me by my
friend from Missouri, [Mr Finkklnburg :]
"A communication evidently designed to be libel-
ous, or otherwise in violation of law, or against
good morals, will not be forwarded, and will be
treated as a dead letter."
Now, I believe that, following the line of
that suggestion, the gentleman from New Jer-
sey [Mr. Hill] has a clause in his bill which
tries to throw a similar protection around the
postal card now propose^ to be inaugurated.
I do not desire to oppose the bill, because I
am greatly in favor of a postal-card system.
I take this occasion to express my fear that in
a country like this, where our libel laws are
worth but little for purposes of personal pro-
tection, we might find growing out of these
postal cards a series of troubles. Jti conse-
quence of the character of our public life,
every tnan in which may be said to stand in a
pillory every day, I take occasion, I say, to
express the fear that the gentleman may find
these postal cards coming back upon him like
barbed arrows, from anybody who may wish to
shoot at him,
message from the senate
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
sox.'one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed a resolution for the printing
of eight thousand five hundred copies of the
report and the testimony taken before the Sen-
ate Committee of Investigation and Retrench-
