1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45?
42d Cong....2d
Extension of Km Mux Act—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.'
ident of the United States? Has there been
an arrest or trial of these soldiers, or of the
man who commanded them, or the man who
gave the orders which could have led to such
acts? No, sir. Shooting to death by mus-
ketry is sha.rp, severe, but it is merciful itself
compared to trial before an unjust judge. Of
all sad sights, Mr. President, of all sights to
make men sicken and despair, it is when the
man who sits on the high place of justice,
between his fellow-men, or between the com-
munity and his fellow-men, shall turn trials
into mockeries and turn justice into vindictive
persecution. There is no more stirring or
finer passage in our language than that which
sprang from the lips of Paul when the high
priest Ananias bade the soldiers strike him
on the mouth for declaring that his conscience
had been free of offense toward God. The
answer came, "God shall smite thee, thou
whited wall; for sittest thou to judge me after
the law, and commandestmeto be smitten con-
trary to the law?" Sir, there are men who
have been tried before Judge Bond in South
Carolina who may well echo the words of
Paul to him.
I have here the official report of the trial
of those cases last fall; I mean those that
were defended by Messrs. Reverdy Johnson
and Henry Stanbery. I have here reports of
subsequent cases; 1 have letters from lawyers
in Soui.b Carolina ; and I do declare that I
had as lief run my risk as an innocent man
before the bullets of Merrill's cavalry as I would
before Bond's judgments in his own court.
Why what has been the result? It is fore-
ordained ; the men are foredoomed ; trial means
only conviction. It is an idle ceremony that
might as well be dispensed with. This testi-
mony taken by the committee proves, not
once, but a thousand times, what must be an
admitted fact, that no man who studies the
testimony can or will deny, that the negroes
of the South are, with few exceptions, bound
together in Union Leagues, Lincoln Brother-
hoods, Grant Clubs; whatever may be the
name of the association, they are bound by
oalh secretly and for poliiical purposes ; that
the chief end of the league is the domination
of the party to which these black men attach
themselves and the overihrow of the opposi-
tion, call it Democratic, Conservative, or what
you will.
Remember, then, that in these political
trials the jurors are selected only from that
class of men who are so bound by oalh polit-
ically against the men who are brought before
them, tor, Mr. President, these arrests are
confined to white men and to members of the
Democratic party, and not in South Carolina
alone, but I have here a letter from an officer
of intelligence, honor, and high standing in
the United States Aimy, writing from North
Carolina in February last, and 1 will ask the
Clerk to read what 1 have marked.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
" Since 11 ist met you I have been transferred to
the department ol the South, and must confess that
I do not like it much, for alt the troops are evidently
sent here tor political purposes, and nothing is more
abhorrent co a true military man than a knowledge
that he is being used iu dirty work. However, we
all look forward to tho day when we will be relieved
from tbisinostdisagieeableduty with great pleasure,
and I trust it wiileooie snon. I3verythuig m this
State is perfectly quiet, whioll is quite disgusting to
the. deputy marshals and United btates officials, who
hoped to reap a rich harvest this winter out of the
K. K. oases. They are still malting arrests of all
portions suspected ol belonging to the IC. K. K., and
1 presume will keep it up until every man in the
State belonging to the Democratic party has been
put under bonds, the deputy marshal making the
arrest getting S3 50 m all eases.
" I heard a few days ago of a deputy marshal
who stated he was going to start oil a tour through
Orange and Chatham counties, and that he had
nine hundred warrants to take with him. vTben
you consider that a coramissioner travels with the
marshal you can see bow expeditious they can be
and the amount of money tliey can make, five dol-
lars in oaoh case, one half going to the marshal of
the State. I must confess to you that the people of
this State have my whole sympathy, and prin-
cipally because I can see how they are abused and
outraged almost every day. The Government offi-
cials here are mostly a miserable set who care very
little for the welfare of the State or people of North
Carolina, and as a rule areoarpet-bnggers. The best
people here are very polite and kind to the officers
of the Army, whom they consider their protectors,
and I assure you it is pleasant to us to know that
we are doing some little good here. Please pardon
me for writing so loner a letter, i think you oan be
certain that the K. I£. are entirely broken up and
that the people of North Carolina are prepared to
bear any amount of indignity before again organiz-
ing for self-protection. You are of course aware
of the fact that any outrages that were committed
(although they were the result of the organization
made for self-protection) wore made without war-
ran t and by the outcasts of society."
Mr. POOL. I should like to know the name
of the writer.
Mr. BAYARD. I will answer the Senator
that I shall not expose a letter written by an
officer of the Army to the tender mercies of
the Administration. I can only say this: I
vouch for the writer's personal character from
my knowledge of him. What he says I believe,
and I tell the country that what he says can
be believed.
Mr. POOL. If the Senator will allow me,
I will say that there is one statement there
which is ccrtainly untrue. He says that, a
majority of the office holders in North Carolina
are carpet-baggers. Now, I say there is not
one in thirty of them a carpet-bagger, I do not
think there is one in fifty; but 1 think that
statement is about as true as most of those
contained in the letter.
Mr. MORTON. Another thing is very
evident from the reading of that letter, that
if he is an officer of the Army he is unfaithful
to his trust and deserves to be expelled from
the Army.
Mr. CASSERLY. Because he tells the
truth.
Mr. MORTON. No, sir; not because he
tells the truth, but because he maligns the
Government.
Mr. CASSERLY. It is maligning the Gov-
ernment to tell the truth!
Mr. MORTON. Not by telling the truth—
telling falsehood.
Mr. POOL. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stock-
ton in the chair.) Gentlemen will take their
seats. The Senator from Delaware will state
whether he submits to be interrupted by the
Senator from North Carolina or not.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no objection if the
Senator desires to state a fact. I do not care
how many carpet-baggers are in office in North
Carolina. I only hope the day will come
when there will not be any.
Mr. POOL. If the Senator will allow me,
I should like to know the name of that officer;
and it seems to me if his letter is to be offered
in the Senate, we ought to have the authority
of the name of the writer.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not know what the
Senator may want, but I merely mean to say
that I am not going to expose that officer, who
is as honorable a man in my opinion as any
upon this floor, who I believe is as true and
faithful to his duty as an officer of the United
States as any man upon this floor—1 am not
going to expose him to the vengeance of the
Administration who are using him and using
the soldiers of the United Slates for political
ends in the South. He can stand the denun-
ciation of the Senator from Indiana, and I can
tell him that he can stand comparison with him
in all thai, will beget respect for him in the
minds of the American people.
Mr. President, I have read this to show that
these arrests are political arrests, and that the
people who are arrested are Democrats, white
men ofcr.ttrse, and are to be tried before juries
composed mainly of negroes, and those negroes
bound, as we all know they are as a race, by
oath, and that oath binding thera to political
action hostile to the Democrats. The jury is
not only chosen exclusively from that class of
people who are Union Leaguers, but they are
subjected to the inspection, it seems, of other
officials. I find that on the trial of John Rodger
in Charleston before the circuit court of the
United States, on the 23d of April of the pres-
ent year, where he challenged the array of
jurors, and his cause of challenge was:
And now, at this day, to wit, on the 22d day of
April, 1872, ootnes the aforesaid John liodger, by
his attorney, and the jurors aforesaid of tho jury
impaneled boins also summoned come, and here-
upon the said John Rodger chaUengeth the array
of tho said panel because he says the said United.
States marshal was not indifferent and impartial as
to the summoning of the additional panel of thirty
jurors ordered by tho said court, because the said
additional juror.-' was not selected from the bystand-
ers, but did. upon consultation with others, and
especially with reference to tho prejudice against
the said John Itodger, make up a list of jurors so
understood by said United States marshal to be
prejudiced against the said John Itodger, and this
ho i. ready to-verify. J0HN B0I)GER
G. L, BUlSTt
For dtfendant.
This was followed by an affidavit of James
Francis, (colored,) setting forth that a short
time before the commencement of the present
session of the United States court he called
at the court-house on Mr. Wallace, United
States marshal, and requested him to place
him on the list of jurymen for the present
term of tho circuit court. The marshal replied
that he did not know the deponent. The
deponent then referred hina to several gentle-
men residing in Charleston, but the marshal
replied that those would not do, buf. said if he
had referred him to Mr. Mackey or Mr. Corhin
it would have been all right.
So that it seems that not only are the jury-
men chosen exclusively from one party but I
may say further, from a distinguished lawyer
eminent in South Carolina, in a letter dated
the 25th of April, the statement is made :
" I have never known a respectable citizen to be
selected as a juror in the United States courts from
this or Lancaster county since the adoption of this
mode of selecting them."
Not only i9 the panel from which the jurors
are to be drawn generally composed of men
bound by oath to political hostility to those
who are to be tried, but it seems the district
attorney himself exercises supervision with
Mr. Mackey, who I believe holds some Fed-
eral office in South Carolina, before the jury
can be formed; and one would think that
would be bad enough; but this report dis-
closes the method of choosing the jury. Under
a custom revived in Carolina, never practiced -
to my knowledge elsewhere, the district
attorney not only reserved the right'to chal-
lenge a man and insist upon it, but he exer-
cised the right of ordering jurors to sland
aside, which compelled persons suspicious or
objectionable to his mind to stand aside, and
not to be sworn until all the rest had been
called. One would think this would give but
little chance for a fair trial, in the northern
country or in a western State such a thing
would never be dreamed of, to put a man on
trial for his life or subject to the loss of his
liberty to be tried by those who were avowedly
opposed to him in politics and upon a ques-
tion running entirely in politics. It would be
shocking to the moral sense of the northern
people, and no officials would be upheld iu it.
But if such is the jury what shall we say of
the court? What is the kind of law with
which these jurors are instructed after they
are so drawn and so packed ? The custom it
seems is to indict these men for conspiracy, a
conspiracy of two—something new, I think, in
the law—a conspiracy of two men; and here is
Judge Bond's ruling on the subject :of conspir-
acy. We of the profession of the law know that
