1406
THE* CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
machines or inventing new ones, and to whom
a lifetime of laborious industry of mind and
body may be saved by a prompt and perfect
diffusion of this work. At present the reports
of the Commissioner of Patents are distributed
to public libraries unbound. There have been
already ten volumes published, which have
been bound at the different public libraries at
the cost of a binder's bill of $2 50 a volume.
Now, these gazettes, if deposited in the public
'libraries of the country, will be in a place where
inventors will know where to find them, and
they will keep themselves informed in regard
to particular inventions, and they can send to
the Patent Office for particular sheets which
contain the lithographs and drawings and the
printed statements of the inventions in which
they are especially interested.
Sow, sir, this is a matter of immense im-
portance to the people of a district like mine.
It is of importance not only to the people of
that district, but also through them to the
people of the whole country. To show how
important is this matter of inventions even to
the agricultural districts, where not many me-
chanics live, I have only to relate one fact to
the House. _ Ten miles from where I live,
within the limits_ of my district, was born a
roan who by a single invention doubled the
value ot every acre of land producing cotton
throughout the_entire South. Twelve miles in
another direction lived the inventor of the
sewing machine, which has had an almost equal
effect upon the industries of the country. Ten
miles in another direction was born the man
who introduced practically chloroform to the
knowledge of mankind, which for. the entire
world has lightened the pains of death, re-
moved the pangs of labor, and made surgery
a blessnig, instead of an agony to the patient.
Now, sir, each one of those three men—and
I might introduce several other instances of
almost as much importance—was a benefac-
tor to the entire civilized world. Each of
those men would undoubtedly have found an
arrangement of this kind of immense benefit
to him in his study of inventions. I trust
there will be no objection to incurring the
slight expense involved in my amendment.
Mr. GARIIELl), of Ohio. I hope the
amendment will not prevail in its present
shape. If we have at least ten numbers sent
to each congressional district, we will be pro-
viding for an expenditure of several thousand
dollars. Next year there will be a proposition
for a larger number still. And thus we will enter
again into the old business of book-making and
document-distiibuting. It will be going back
to what we have abolished. I should be glad
to have an amendment adopted, which my col-
league [Mr. JJuatti"] has prepared, fixing the
subscription price of this gazette at not less
than five dollars a year. That will protect the
Treasury and enable the Commissioner of
Patents to get this gazette well established.
This will not be an expense
to the Government; they make a large sum
now.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate upon the pend-
ing amendment is exhausted.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. IIoAiij to add to the amendment of Mr. L
Myhrs the following:
Provided That a copy of said gazetto shall ba
sent to each of such public libraries, not exceeding
ten m each congressional district and Territory, as
may be designated by the member of the Housefrom
sucn district or Territory.
Ihequestion was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes 48, noes 4U; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. McCormick,
of^Missouri, and Mr. Hoar were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported that there were—ayes seventy-
one, noes not counted.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The question was upon the amendment as
amended.
Mr. BEATTY. I move to further amend
the amendment by adding thereto the follow-
ing:
Provided further. That a subscription price of not
less than live dollars per annum for said gazette shall
he charged to each subscriber and library.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let that go in.
Mr. SARGENT. That is right.
Mr. HOAR. I object to that; it is not right.
Mr. BEATTY. I yield to my colleague,
[Mr. Gakfield,] the chairman of the Com
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I wish to say
that the whole ground of asking this appropria-
tion for establishing this gazette anl publish-
ing it was that it was to pay for itself. The
Commissioner of Patents himself made the
recommendation on that basis, and if this
amendment be not put on, I shall be compelled
to vote against the whole proposition. That
was the understanding on which the propo-
sition was made to us, and on which the Com-
mittee on Appropriations acted. Ifitisnotput
on, then it will be simply taking out of the
Treasury without any return the sum of forty
or fifty thousand dollars. Therefore, I ask that
this amendment shall be put on. If this gazette
is not worth that money, it should not be pub-
lished. But the inventors and manufacturers
and mechanics of this country who are inter-
ested in it will be only too glad to get an official
register of this sort and pay tor it. It is in accord-
ance with the understanding all around. This
was to be a weekly paper at five dollars a year.
Mr. HOAR. This is another attempt to
wring revenue for this Government out of the
toil, the anxiety, the brain of one of the prin-
cipal classes of public benefactors—the invent-
ors of the nation. The money which they pay
for their patents yields to the Government,
over all the expenses of the Patent Office, an
annual income of several hundred thousand
dollars. Most of them are in penury and suf-
fering. The lines which Dr. Johnson applied
to the scholar have greater truth in regard to
the inventor of this country:
" But ah, what ilk the inventor's life assail!
toil, envy, want, the law-suit, and tho jail."
_ Now, Mr. Chairman, you have abolished the
inventor's means of saving himself months and
years of fruitless industry by abolishing the
distribution of the Patent Office reports, which
were paid for by the profit you make out of
his wretched toil. Why should you deny
inventors the cheap boon of placing in their
neighborhood at ten prominent points i  each
congressional district a newspaper which is to
cost but five^ dollars a year. It will not cost
so much. That is to be the subscription price ;
but this additional number of copies cannot
cost the Government more than two or three
thousand dollars a year. It cannot cost the
Government more than a dollar a copy to strike
off this additional number for which my amend-
ment provides. This expenditure of two or
three thousand dollars will place these papers
at points to which these men can repair, and
where they can have gratuitous access to them,
it is a miserable, a contemptible policy which
undertakes to save this little sum to the Gov-
ernment, and, without investigating the ques-
tion, to disregard utterly tho judgment of the
inventors of the country, or those who know
their wants.
Mr. L. MYERS. I move to amend pro
forma by striking out the last word. I desire
the committee to understand the present posi-
tion ot the question before us. This commit-
tee is evidently largely in favor of the propo-
sition of the Commissioner of Patents, in-
dorsed by the Committee on Patents and the
Oommittee on Appropriations. The official
gazette is now published weekly at a subscrin-
tion price of five dollars per year. Twenty-
five hundred copies are subscribed for It is
now proposed -to give to the inventors of the
country this illustrated edition weekly. The
gazette is issued on Tuesday; these illustra-
tions will be ready for distribution to sub-
scribers on Saturday of each week. It is
proposed to furnish these illustrations at
a nominal expense to the Government of
$40,000 a year, and $18,000 for stitching,
printing, &c. As I have said, seventy-five hun-
dred additional copies, the amount for which
we have estimated, will soon return to the
Treasury $37,500 of this amount. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] now
proposes that of the ten thousand copies to
be printed, ten shall be distributed in each
district gratuitously to libraries. It is true
this proposition was not contemplated by
tho Commissioner or by either of the commit-
tees who have considered this subject. But
what harm will it do ? As the gentleman from
Massachusetts has well said, we cannot do too
much for these men of genius. By placing
within their ready access these drawings and
specifications inventive art will be facilitated;
and it is largely by such means that men give
to the country much of its greatness, wealth,
and power.
Remember we provided in the -joint resolu-
tion of January 11, 1871, for the gratuitous
distribution of one hundred and fifty copies;
so that the principle is already adopted. One
of these copies is sent to the capitol of each
State and Territory, and to the clerk's office of
the district court of each judical district.
What more does the amendment of the gentle-
man irom Massachusetts propose ? Simply
that ten copies shall be placed gratuitously in
the library of each district. Let us see at what
cost: probably $20,000, for the benefit of
the meritorious class who last year poured
into the Treasury of the United States a sur-
plus over expenses of $164,000 as fees paid to
obtain under the right guaranteed to them
by the Constitution of the United States the
monopoly for a limited time of their brain-
work. It would be unjust indeed to reject the
proposition I have offered because of the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. IIoak,] especially so when I recall
the fact that the publication of the mechanical
report for 1867 cost $235,000. all of which we
now save except the cost of the one hundred
a.nd fifty bound volumes now gratuitously
distributed under the law.
I trust, Mr. Chairman, the amendment just
adopted, enlarging the gratuitous distribution,
will not endanger the furnishing of this inform-
ation which the people want so much, and
which is provided for in my original amend-
ment. Let us not be niggardly in making the
necessary appropriation for this most import-
ant work. It will all come back to the Treas-
ury m money, and it not thus, it will come back
m wealth to the people—in useful arts which
bring comfort and happiness—in the wonderful
results of American invention, which we are
ail glad to chronicle here and elsewhere.
♦ i, o Chairman, there has not been before
this Congress a proposition in which more
people are interested than this very one. As
has been well said by the gentleman'from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar,] the exhibition of
these fruits of genius stimulates others to the
discovery of new inventions. Just as Frank-
s  erin thought was succeeded by the dis-
rdZfl ffd a"d St,eilAeiland Faraday
and Pi ofessor Henry; so the practical applica-
tions patented oy Morse and Bain gave rise to
those ol House, Hughes, and others; To Howe!
the original inventor of the sewing-machine
^as been succeeded by Wilson and Sr and
Wau "and T°lf~^yeK ES th® labors of
Watt, and poor John I-itch, and Robert Ful-
ton led the way to the wonderful strides
otherS have since made in the applications
steam and steam navigation. The publica-
tion of these discoveries generates ih others
• desire the ability to add to the invent-
ive arts. These inventions should be placed
