458
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 21,
Senate.
Extension of Ku Klux Act—Mr. Bayard.
42d Gong....2d Sess.
conspiracy is a technical crime which the
courts of England have, especially of late
years, done their best to limit their jurisdic-
tion over, to hold parties making the charge
still more strictly and to prevent a ramification
of proof which such general charges neces-
sarily permit. The leaning of the English
courts is to restrict the doctrine of conspiracy
and confine it within as strict limits as possible
and uot permit a man to be assailed by the
■word or by the act of another when he himself
was not actually present.
But the lawyer to whom I have already
referred wiites to me as follows:
"The report of theKu Klux trials in the United
States circuit court sitting at Charleston, as con-
tained in the News of the 23d instant, attributes to
Judge Bond a ruling so monstrous that it may serve
to make a good point.
"Heruted that declarations of A,who isproven to
bo a member of a conspiracy, that J3 is also a mem-
ber, are admissible in evidence against B."
And well may it be asked who would be safe,
what Senator in this Chamber is to be safe if
when yon prove that a scoundrel in South
Carolina is a member of some rascally organ-
ization, whose business is outrage and plun-
der, you can prove his statements that you,
sir, or any other member of this body were
also members? Such a proposition, 1 say, is
frightful. No man in the community could
be safe. It is one for which no respectable
authority in a court of justice can be shown.
But, sir, that is not all. In the case reported
in the Charleston News, of the 17th of April,
of the trial of Leander Spencer and William
Smith, for conspiracy and murder, they pro-
duced a man named William White, and Wil-
liam White testified, and here is his evidence,
that he himself shot and killed, in cold blood,
a black man who was tied to a tree. He came
into court the principal in the murder, " mur-
der most foul," and he is brought by the Uni-
ted States and admitted by Judge Bond as a
witness to prove that others were accessories.
He, the red-handed murderer, the principal
in the guilt, is made the State's witness to in-
culpate those who conspired with him !
Was there ever suc-U a case before? He
was the principal; the others were simply
accessories, or principals in the second degree,
as 1 think they are termed in capital cases. 1
ask any Senator here whether a case was ever
known before where a man who committed
murder was called upon to stand in safely, in
security, and exonerate himself from the crime
committed by himself by implicating others
in it? Why, sir, there is a rule in criminal
law that recommends itself t.o humanity; I
- believe the rule has been adopted and applied,
that the testimony of an accomplice uncor-
roborated by strong evidence shall not be con-
sidered sufficient to convict any man. The
testimony of an accomplice is suspicious in
itself. He is swearing himself free; the price
of another man's blood is his escape from the
hands of justice.
But, sir, if the picture of these trials, which
I have not time to go through, could be
brought before the American people, if they
could see how they are conducted, they would
say that this is a mockery of justice ; they
would say that, Bond seems t.o be emulating
the fame of Jeffreys; that the Bloody Assizes
that followed the rebellion of the Duke of
Monmouth are being reenacted in these
southern States ; and let me say to him that
history is very apt to repeat itself, and if he
will emulate the example of Jeffieys, let him
not forget his fate.
Something was said here about these crimes
being committed at the instigation of men of
property. Sir, there is not one word in these
many confessions to show anything of thekind.
Here stand these men indicted on two counts,
the one for murder, the other for conspiracy.
Their fate is foreordained. They know that
they will be sentenced to death if they are
tried by such juries and before such a judge.
Therefore, the resort is given that they plead
guilty to the charge of conspiracy in order to
save their necks, preferring the loss of liberty
and the suffering of imprisonment for one or
two years to the almost certain loss of their
lives.
Now, what kind of men do they seem to be?
Here look at page 220, and from that out to
the end of this report. What do they seem
to be? Mere boys, nineteen, twenty, and
twenty-one years of age, young men who from
their very age could never have been enrolled
in the southern army. They were children
in 1865, boys of thirteen, fourteen, and fifteen,
incapable of bearing arms. It has been sought
to show that the brave men whose splendid
courage illustrated the late war on the part
of the South as well as on the part of the
North were implicated in this, and that they
were ex-confederate soldiers. Sir, it is a libel
upon these men ; and the facts of these cases
and the history of these men prove it to be so
by their own confessions, which were taken
before the judges for the purpose of apportion-
ing to them their sentences. Not only so, but
they are proved to be the most degraded and
ignorant people, so dull, so stupid, unable to
read or write, drawn as such people must be
from the most vicious class of society; other-
wise, such crimes never could have been perpe-
trated by them.
Mr. PRATT. Will the Senator from Del-
aware allow me to call his attention to the
communication of the late Attorney General
to the President of the United States?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stevex-
son in the chair.) Does the Senator from
Delaware yield to the Senator from Indiana?
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly.
Mr. PRATT. In the letter of Attorney
General Akerman to the President of the Uni-
ted States, in describing these combinations
and who compose them, he uses this language,
and he is speaking now of these nine counties
in South Carolina:
" These combinations embrace at least two thirds
of the active white men of those counties, a.nd have
the sympathy and countenance of a majoiity of
the other third. They are connected with similar
combinations m other counties and States, and no
doubt are partof a grand system of criminal asso-
ciations pervading most of the southern States."
Mr. BAYARD. Why, sir, I read that pas-
sage, and for the purpose of denouncing the
official who could venture to make such charges
bioadcast against a community by saying '• no
doubt " they pervade the southern States. Sir,
there is no doubt that they do not pervade the
southern States, and if the Senator had been
in his seat he would have heard the denial
which I gave upon my personal responsibility,
referring to and basing it upon the testimony
taken in most of the southern States, that
such societies do not exist. I do not wish to
speak too disrespectfully of a high officer of a
coordinate branch of the Government; but 1
mean to say that when a man undertakes to
level an indictment against a whole people he
ought to have something better to shelter him-
self under than to say " no doubt" the thing
is true.
Mr. PRATT. If the Senator from Dela-
ware will allow me, I would like to call his
attention to a passage in the presentment of
the grand jury of the Federal court at the
recent term of that court at Columbia, South
Carolina.
Mr. BAYARD. That is Judge Bond's
grand jury?
Mr PRATT. Yes, sir.
Mr. BA.YARD. I suppose so.
Mr. PRATT. His court. After describing
these outrages——
Mr. BAYARD. Will the Senator pardon
me? Iam very willing to have any correc-
tion made. My speech is made for the ear of
the Senate, and therefore is open to correc-
tion ; but if this is intended as a reply to my
speech, would it not be well to have it come
in at the end, and let me finish the remarks I
am making now, if it would be equally agree-
able to the Senator ?
Mr. PRATT. Certainly.
Mr. BAYARD. I pass from the scenes of
South Carolina, Mr. President. They should
teach at least one lesson, and that is, that vio-
lent methods fail, as they ever will fail, in pro-
ducing the results of peace and order which
perhaps they were intended to effect. The
proof as to that State is that here now at the
end of nine months we uot only find that com-
binations pervade those nine counties, but
according to the language of the statement
read by the honorable Senator from Indiana
as being employed by the Attorney General
of the United States, the disaffection is whole-
sale. What must be the ground of such dis-
content when of all the white people of those
counties two thirds are active members and
the other third sympathize with them? Can
it be that where such discontent exists there
can be no ground forit? Why, sir, it is prov-
ing too much. What should stimulate men
into such a condition of desperation and
vicious violence as this? What hope can they
have? Can they love a Government which so
drives them into this species of disorder ? Can
they feel safe and happy ? Is their property
secure? I think the answer to it all is the
fact that after nine months' of martial law this
is the result that you present to the eyes of
the American people. If such is to be the
result, in God's name change your remedy;
try something else, for nothing could be a
greater, more confessed failure than the very
picture you have drawn of the condition of
affairs in those counties.
But, sir, how are these investigations con-
ducted? In the first place they are secret,
which of itself is an un-American thing. No
opportunity is given to the people of a com-
munity to expose the character and contradict
the falsehoods of those who are selected to
calumniate the State. Perhaps the only good
derived from the presence of the minority
upon the committee was that they were
enabled partially to effect this on behalf of the
people of Georgia. I desire to present a res-
olution of protect passed by their senate on
theSthof November, 1871, upon the assembling
of the committee at Atlanta. I ask the Clerk
to read it.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
A resolution in relation to outrages and violations
of law in ihis State.
Whereas it has been alleged by certain politicians,
Noith and South, who esteem the success of the
party to which they belong and the accomplishment
of their political purposes more highly than the
peace, happiness, and prosperity of the country, that
there exists in this State and other Southern States
certain lawless bands of persons commonly called
KuKlux, who are banded together for political pur-
poses, and are in the habit uf committing great out-
rages upon the peaceable and law-abiding citizens
of the country, and that the State courts fail and
refuse to afford sufficient redress ; and whereas the
Congress of the United States, at its last session, ap-
pointed a committee to investigate said alleged out-
rages and violations ot law; and whereas the senate
is satisfied that no such political organization ex-
ists in this State, and desiies to afford said commit-
tee all the aid and facilities in its power for the pur-
pose ot enabling said committee to arrive at the
truth in regard to all the matters -which it is then-
duty to investigate; and whereas the superior coui t,
judges of this State (a large majority of whom be-
long to thellepubiiean party) preside over the courts
of every county ol this State, and have ample oppor-
tunity ot knowing how the law is being adminis-
tered and enforced in the various parts of this State;
and whereas this senate is satisfied that a large
number of the wimesses have heen called to testify
before said committee who are not worthy of credit
before any honest community, tor the purpose of
making a record to be used for the accomplishment
