1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1407
before the country in the cheapest manner,
but, at the same time, in such form that not
only justice shall be done to the genius of our
inventors, but credit and honor secured to the
country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. What is the pending ques-
tion ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is on striking outthe
last words, "and library."
Mr. DAWES. I do not ask for the formal
amendment, but I do wish to know what is the
particular amendment before the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided further, A subscription price of live dol-
lars per annum for this gazette shall be charged to
each subscriber and library.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I agree with
my colleague to this extent, of putting these
copies in the several libraries in the various
congressional districts; but it does seem to me
that we ought not to oppose the proposition of
the gentleman from Ohio, that the general sub-
scription to this document shall be not less than
five dollars. I do not believe the liberality is
all on the side in this matter of the gentlemen
who pay these fees into the Treasury of the
United States, and this will be apparent when
gentlemen stop to consider the monopoly in
these inventions which the Government guaran-
ties to them as compensation for the small
fee paid into the Treasury. For the fee of
thirty dollars paid by inventors the Government
undertakes to guaranty them a monopoly for
seven, fourteen, or twenty-one years in all the
fruits of their inventive labor. And when my
friend recurs to the fact there is just now four
hundred thousand or five hundred thousand
dollars receipts beyond the expenditures of
this office, he forgets that three or four years
ago the contingencies of this office wiped out
a much larger sum, which had been accumu-
lated. When they had $500,000 on the com-
ing of Commissioner Theaker, before his bril-
liant administration was through the entire
income of the office, as well as this surplus,
was all wiped out.
I think it is no more than reasonable that
those who desire to take this publication, be-
yond the distribution according to law, giv-
ing it to the various clerks' offices and public
libraries, and beyond this addition often copies
to the public libraries in each district, shall
pay a subscription price of not less than five
dollars. All those who desire to try their
skill in the field of invention should pay five
dollars for a weekly publication of this char-
acter. It is no more than right that they
should do so. It does not seem to me to be a
hardship to inventors, when we take into con-
sideration the rights which are guarantied in
no other country in the world than this. We
should recollect, too, that in England at this
very time they are considering the question
whether they will not wipe out this thing alto-
gether. It will be for our serious consideration,
at no distant time, whether we have not gone
as far as we can in granting these monopolies.
Mr. L. MYERS. I withdraw my pro forma
amendment.
Mr. COGHLAN. I renew it for the pur-
pose of saying but a word or two upou this
question. If the printing of this gazette is a
great public good, if it is of so much public
benefit that the Government of the United
States should itself take the matter of its pub-
lication in hand, it is certainly a very unwise
and unjust plan for the Government to make a
huckster's shop of itself by selling copies of
the publication to the libraries throughout the
United States. There are or will be about
three hundred different congressional districts.
For each one of those three hundred districts
there are ten copies to be distributed among
the public libraries.
Mr. DAWES. I am not in favor of paying
for them,
Mr. COGHLAN. Each of the libraries has
probably one thousand readers, and there will
be a vast number, certainly thirty thousand
people, who will have the opportunity of see-
ing these gazettes by the means proposed who
would never hear of them at all if the Gov-
ernment of the United States resolves itself
Into a printing establishment for the purpose
of getting a subscription of five dollars each
for the papers it circulates.
It seems to me that some of the members
of the House get very singular ideas about
economy once in awhile on very queer sub-
jects. My friend from New York [Mr. Cox]
this morning reached the apex of his econom
ical frenzy, if I may so term it, by finding that
certain horses belonging to the Marine corps
were fed by the Government of the United
States, and there arose in his mind a fearful
vision of some redoubtable successor of the
immortal Captain Jinks riding his Govern-
ment-fed sea-horse in a gallant charge upon an
opposing and hostile fleet, and not believing
in the efficacy of sea cavalry, my friend in-
stantly moved to amend by depriving the poor
animal of its Government fodder.
Other gentlemen have their own peculiar
hobbies in regard to economy. But I do think,
if what has been said here by gentlemen to-
day as to the importance of this particular
publication be true, that the Government of
the United States should not stoop to charge
the public libraries five dollars a year for hav-
ing permission to have these gazettes sent to
them. There is certainly, Mr. Chairman, no
other way whereby the vast proportion of the
people of the United States can ever reach
these publications. Most certainly the men
who live in the_ far-distant portions of the
Union will not send here for the purpose of
subscribing to a paper published by the Gov-
ernment of the United States. But, on the
other hand, by sending these publications free,
involving the expenditure of the small sum of
$10,000, the great interests of the inventors
of the United States will be advanced, and all
who wish to look at any invention which has
been patented, will readily find access to
descriptions of them free of expense. I hope
the amendment which has been offered to
accomplish this object will be adopted without
a division. I withdraw the pro forma amend-
ment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let us now have
a vote.
The question was first on the amendment
of Mr. Hoar, to amend the amendment of
Mr. Beatty, by striking out the words "and
Library."
The amendment was agreed to.
The question was next on Mr. Beatty's
amendment, as amended, to add to Mr. L.
Myers's amendment the words:
Provided further. That a subscription price of not
less than five dollars per annum for said gazette
shall be charged to each subscriber.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The question was next on the amendment
of Mr. L. Myers as amended; and being put,
it was agreed to—yeas one hundred and one,
noes not counted.
The Clerk read as follows:
Columbia Institute for the Deaf and Dumb : For
furnishing and fitting up the buildings of the insti-
tution, $6,000.
For repairs of buildings during fiscal year ending
Juno 30, 1872, 53,500.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment to make the paragraph
more definite :
After the word "buildings," where it occurs the
second time, add the words " of said institute."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For this amount to pay to the Seneca Indians
the interest due on the sum of $40,000, held in trust
for them, as provided in the treaty of February 23,
1867, from June 18,1868, the date of the ratification
of said treaty, to November 1,1871, the date when
interest on stocks purchased with said sum ot
$40,000 commenced to accrue, $6,733 33.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I move
to amend that paragraph by adding at the
close of it the following:
Which amount shall be paid directly to said Sen-
eca Indians, and not to an agent, attorney, or other
person claiming to act for them.
My object in offering that amendment is to
secure to these Indians their annuities paid
directly to them without the intervention .of a
third party.
During the last session of the last Congress
a committee of this House was authorized to
investigate frauds upon the Indians and in the
Indian service, and in their report, after citing
the evidence, tliey say:
" It will thus be seen that out of the payment of
$125,000 to the Chickasaws, General Blunt received
$62,500; out of $84,000 to the Choctaws he received
$33,600, and outof $90,000 to the Quapaws, $30,000; in
the aggregate $126,100 out of payments amounting to
$299,000."
That is about four per cent, of their entire
annuities. I simply propose to secure by this
amendment these helpless, and, I may say,
defenseless Indians, from the avarice of white
men by directing that their annuities shall be
paid directly to them and not to any agent.
Mr. SARGENT. I oppose the amend-
ment for the purpose of calling the attention
of the committee to the fact that General
Blunt, in making his defense in the case re-
ferred to by the gentleman, stated that it was
a doubtful claim before Congress, aud one that
required to be pressed upon the attention of
the committee; that, he was here for three or
four years endeavoring to call attention to
the fact that this was an equitable claim; that
he finally succeeded in getting the appropria-
tion ; that before entering on the work, know-
ing that the task was a difficult one, and that
it would take a long time to get it done, he
made a contract with these Indians that they
should pay him a certain amount, and they
subsequently paid him that amount. In that
instance, however, the disbursing officers of
the Government paid to the specific Indian
entitled to a pro rata share the amount he was
entitled to." He received the money and had
it in his pockets, or in his blankets, or where
ever an Indian cdrries his money, and after-
ward settled with the agent. Now, the only
objection I have to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Missouri is that it will not effect
the object he has in view; it will not prevent
an Indian, after he has received his money, pay-
ing over to the agent whatever amount he may
previously have agreed to pay. I have no objec-
tion to the adoption of the amendment, but I
fearit will notanswer the gentleman's purpose.
In reference to this paragraph I quote from
the letter of the Secretary of the Interior,
(Executive Document No. 82, dated January
22, 1872,) in which he says :
" By the first article of the treaty of February 23,
1867, (Statutes-at-Large, vol. 15, page 513, &c.,)made
with the Senecas and other tribes of Indians, the
Senecas ceded' twenty thosand-acres of land to the
United States, tor which the Government agreed to
pay $20,000 upon the ratification of the treaty; and
by the second article they made a furthor cession
of about thirty thousand acres, for which they were
to receive the sum of $24,000. The sixth article of
the treaty provided that of the last-named sum
$4,000 should be paid to the Senecas immediately
after the ratification of the treaty, and that the bal-
ance thereof, $20,000, should bo consolidated with
the $20,000 provided to be paid by the first article,
the whole to be invested at five per cent, interest,
payable to the tribe, per capita, semi-annually.
" The two items of $20,000 and $24,000 were appro-
priated in 1869, (Statutes-at-Large, vol. 16, page 34,;
and the sum of $4,000 was duly taken from the last-
named item and used as provided in said sixth arti-
cle, leaving the sum of $40,000, on which, by the
terms of the treaty, interest at the rate of five per
cent, was to bo paid to the tribe per capita semi-
annually. This sum of $40,000, however, remained
in the Treasury, no interest thereon having been
paid to the Indians, until the 7th day of December,
1871, when it was drawn from the Treasury and in-
vested in United States stocks, the interest on which,
at the rate of five per cent, per annum, com-
menced to accrue on the 1st day of November, 1871.
'' From the foregoing it will be seen that the faon-
ecas are entitled to interest on the sum of 540,000,
from June 18,1868, the date of the ratification of said
treaty, to November 1,1871, the date from v-rich in-
terest on said stocks commenced to accrue, amount-
ing in the aggregate to $6,733 33,"
