1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4095
isinefficientto prevent the ravages of yellow fever in
the cities and towns of that seciion: Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
ativea oj the United States of America in Congress as-
sembled, That the Secretary of War be, and is here-
by, directed to detail one or more medical officers
ol the regular Army who shall, during the coming
season, visit each town or port on the coast of the
Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic coast, which is sub-
ject or liable to invasions of yellow fever, and shall
confer with the authorities of such port or town with
reference to the establishment of a more uniform
and elfective system of Quarantine, and who shall
ascertain ail lacks having reference to the outbreaks
of this disease in such ports or towns, and whether
any system of quarantine is likely to be effective in
preventing invasions of yellow fever; and if so, what
system will least interfeie with the ioterests of com-
merce at. said ports; and shall make also a detailed
report on this subject to the Secretary of War,
through the Surgeon General, on or belore the as-
sembling of the third session of the Forty-Sccond
Congress, in December, 1872.
The amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in,
REMOVAL OP FLATHEAD INDIANS, ETC.
The next business on the Speakers table
was an amendment of the Senate to an act,
(H. R. No. 2628) to provide for the removal
of the Flathead and other Indians from the
Bitter Root valley, in the Territory of Mon-
tana.
The Clerk read the amendment of the
Senate, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
in lieu thereof the tollowing:
That it shall be the duly .of the President, as soon
as practicable, to remove the Flathead Indians,
(whether ot full or mixed bloods.) and all other
Indians connected with said tribe and recognized
as members thereof, from the Bitter Hoot valley, in
the Territory ot Montana, to the general reservation
in said Territory, (commonly known as the Jocko
reservation,) which, by a treaty concluded at Hell
Gate, in the Bitter Root valley, July 16, 1855, and
ratified by the Senate March 8,1859, between the
United States and the confederated tribes of Flat-
head, Kootenai, and Pend d'Oreille Indians, was
set apart and reserved for the use and occupation
of said confederated tribes; and to defray the ex-
penses ot said removal, and to aid in the subsistence
of said Indians during the first year, there shall be
expended, under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior, a sum not exceeding &5,000, whenever
an appropriation shall be made for that purpose,
the baine to be reimbursed to the United States as
hereinafter provided.
Sec. 2. That as soon as practicable after the pas-
sage ot this act the surveyor general of Montana
Territory shall cau^e to be surveyed, as other public
lands of the United States are surveyed, the lands
in the Bitter Root valley lying above the Lo-Lo
fork of the Bitter Root river; and said lands shall
bo open to settlement, and shall be sold in legal sub-
divisions to actual settlers only, the same being citi-
zens of the United States, or having duly declared
their intention to become such citizens, said settlers
being heads of families, or over twenty-one years of
age, in quantities, not exceeding one hundred and
sixty acres to eacli3ettler, at the price of $1 25 per
acre, payment to be made in cash within twenty-
one months from the date of settlement or of the
passage ot this act. The sixteenth and thirty-sixth
sections of said lands shall be reserved for school
purposes in the manner provided by law. Town
sites m said valley may be reserved and entered as
provided by law: Provided, That no more than
fifteen townships of the lands so surveyed shall be
deemed to be subject to the provisions of this act:
And provided further, Thatnone of the lands in said
valley above the Lo-Lo fork shall be open to settle-
ment under the homestead and preemption laws of
the United States. An account shall be kept by the
Secretary of the Interior of the proceeds of said
lands, and out of the first moneys arising therefrom
there shall be reserved and set apart for the use of
said Indians the sum of 3iu0,000. to be by the Presi-
denfexpended in annual installments, in such man-
ner as m his judgment shall be tor the best good
ot said Indians; but no more than $5,000 shall be
expended in any one year.
Sec. 3. That any of said Indians, being the head
of a family or twenty-one years of age, who shall,
at the passage of this act, be actually residing upon
and cultivating any portion of said lands, shall bo
permitted to remain in said valley and preempt
without cost the land so occupied and oultivated,
not exceeding in amount one hundred and bixty
acres: Provided, That such Indian shall, prior to
August 1, 1872, notily the superintendent of Indian
affairs for Montana Territory that he abandons his
tribal relations with said tribe and intends to remain
in said valley. .
Sec. 4. That any actual settler m said valley
above the Lo-Lo fork who shall come within the
provisions of the act of Congress of September 27,
1850, entitled "An act to create the office of sur-
veyor general of the public lands in Oregon, and to
provide for the survey, and to make donations to
settlors of the said public lands/' and the acts
amendatory thereoi, shall be permitted to establish
such iact in the iandoftteeui the said Territory ot
Montana, and, upon pioof of compliance with the
piovu>ions ot said act or acts, shall be permuted to
obtain title, in the manner provided therein, to such
quantity of land as he may be entitled to under the
same. All disputes as to title to any lands men-
tioned in this act shall be decided according to the
rules governing the decision of disputes in ordinary
cases under the preemption laws of the United
States.
The amendment of the Senate was con-
curred ill.
GREAT AND LITTLE OSAGE INDIANS.
The next business on'the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. No. 2334) to confirm to
the Great and Little Osage Indians a reserva-
tion in the Indian territory, with a Senate
amendment.
The Senate amendment was read, as follows:
Add as an additional proviso to. the bill the fol-
lowing:
And provided further, That said Great and Little
Osage tribe ol Indians shall permit the settlement
within the limits of said tract of land of the Kansas
tribe of Indians, the lands so settled and occupied by
said Kansas Indians, not exceeding one hundred and
sixty acres to each member of said tribe, to be paid
for by said Kansas tribe of Indians out of the pro-
ceeds of the sales of their lands in Kansas, at a price
not exceeding that paid by the Great and Little
Osage Indians to the Cherokee nation of Indians.
The amendment was concurred in, two
thirds voting therefor.
QUAPAW LANDS OF KANSAS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. No. 757) to carry into
effect the fourth article of the treaty of Feb-
ruary 23, 1867, with the Seneca, Shawnee,
Quapaw, and other Indians, with Senate
amendments.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I should
like to have the House bill read.
The bill was read, as follows :
Whereas by the fourth article of the treaty of
February 23, 1867, with the Shawnee, Quapaw, and
other Indians, the strip of lands belonging to said
Quapaws lying within the State of Kansas was sold
to the United States, and intended, by the amend-
ment to said article, to be sold to actual settlers
under the preemption laws of the United States;
but whereas, by the manner of insertion of said
amendment, the said lands are left without any pro-
visions for their disposal: Therefore, for the pur-
pose of carrying out the intention of the treaty and
of its amendents,
Be it enacted, &c., That the said amendment
shall not be construed as authorizing or provid-
ing for the disposal of the lands of the said Qua-
paw Indians, which, by the fourth article of the
said treaty of February 23, 1867, were sold to the
United States at $1 10 ari acre, and lying and being
within the boundary of the Indian territory, but
said amendment shall refer to, and be construed to
authorize and direct the disposal of the strip of land
theretofore belonging to said Indians, lying and
being within the State of Kansas, and which, by the
aforesaid article of said treaty, were sold to the
United States for $1 25 an acre.
Sec. 2. That the said strip of land within the State
of Kansas, so cedcd to the United States by the said
Quapaw band of Indians, be, and the same is hereby,
declared open to entry and preemption, under the
preemption laws of the United States, at the price
of $1 25 an acre, and all such preemptions shall
be paid for in the lawful money of the United
States, at the proper land office of the United
States, within one year from the date of settlement,
or where settlement was made before the passage ot
this act, then within one year from the passage of
the same: Provided, That in case any settler has
entered upon and improved a single* tract, not ex-
ceeding one hundred and sixty acres, a part of
which is embraced in said Quapaw strip, and a part
on the Government strip, so called, his entry of the
part on the Government strip, under the preemption
laws, shall not prevent the entry of the remainder
of his tract upon said Quapaw lands under this act.
The amendments of the Senate were read,
as follows :
In section two, line six, after the word " acre,"
insert " excepting therefrom one half section to be
patented to Samuel (jr. Yallier, including his im-
provements, as provided m the fourth article ofsaid
treaty." .
In section two, line twenty, insert, after the words
"Quapaw lands," the words "m the State of
Kansas."
Mr. SHANKS. I move that the Senate
amendments be concurred in.
The amendments were concurred in, two
thirds voting therefor.
GEORGE W. PARIUS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. No. 2433) granting a pen-
sion to George W. Parris, with a Senate
amendment.
The amendment was read, as follows:
In line eight strike out all after the word " the" to
the end of the bill, and insert the words " from the
passage of this actso that it will read :
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to place on the
pension-roll the name of George W. Parris. of Day-
ton, Ohio, at the rate of eight dollars per month, to
take effect from and after the passage of this act.
Mr. PECK. I move that the amendment
of the Senate be concurred in, with the fol-
lowing amendment:
Strike out
dollars."
'eight dollars" and insert "fifteen
This is to correct a mistake which the Senate
are willing to rectify.
The motion was agreed to, two thirds voting
therefor.
A. SCHUYLER SUTTON.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. No. 2411) granting a pen-
sion to A. Schuyler Sutton, with a Senate
amendment.
The amendment was as follows :
Strike out all after the word " act," in line eight,
down to and including the word "effect," in lino
twelve ; so that it will read:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to place on the
pension-roll, subjcct to the provisions and limita-
tions of the pension law|  the namo of A. Schuyler
Sutton, late a private m company A, and acting
lieutenant colonel of the ninety-fifth regiment of
Ohio volunteers, at the rate of thirty dollars per
month from the passage of this act, in lieu of his
present pension.
The amendment of the Senate was.concurred
in, two thirds voting therefor.
GEORGE A. STEVENS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. No. 903) for the relief of
George A. Stevens, of the United States
Navy, with an amendment by the Senate.
The amendment was read, as follows :
Provided, That the appointment hereby authorized
shall not entitle the said Stevens to a position above
that formerly occupied by him m the Navy.
On motion of Mr. STARKWEATHER, the
amendment of the Senate was concurred in,
two thirds voting therefor.
WILLIAM FltESIIOUR.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (H. R. No. 2419) to grant a pension
to William Freeshone, returned from the Sen-
ate with amendments.
The amendments of the Senate were to
strike out in the bill and in the title thereto
the word ''Freeshone," and insert in lieu
thereof " Freshour."
The amendments of the Senate were con-
curred m, two thirds voting in favor thereof.
BUILDINGS AT IIARRISBURG AND SACRAMENTO,
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 745) relating to a she for
public buildings in Harnsburg, Pennsylvania,
and Sacramento, California.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to make an examination
and report to Congress the terms upon which
suitable sites can be obtained for the erection
of any needed public buildings in Harrisburg,
Pennsylvania, and Sacramento, California.
There being no objection to the bill, it was
read a first and second time, ordered to a third
reading, and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS AT RALEIGII.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 457) to provide for the
erection of a suitable building for the use of
the United States courts, postoffice, and other
necessary Government offices at Raleigh, North
Carolina.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope that bill
will be referred to the appropriate committee.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I suggest that it be allowed
to remain upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, lest
members should misunderstand, that whatever
motion is made with regard to the bill,
