11872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3199
having fractions which, if these nine be ad-
■ jniued, ought equitably to be entitled to addi-
tional members. It seems to me it breaks
down through all system by which representa-
tive arrangement has heretofore been reached.
These nine Slates, these great States it is quite
likeiy may make a majority here tor the pur-
pose of carrying through this bilb In reference
to two or three of these States, Indiana and
Pennsylvania, which have each a fraction over
a hundred thousand, it seems to me certainly
great equity to allow ihem each an additional
member, but in reference to these other States
which have fractions far below a moiety there
is no equity whateverin allowingtheman addi-
tional member.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think in every
case where a State had a fraction over a moiety
it was given a member for that moiety. Cer-
tainly that is my recollection. I had charge
of the bill, and I believe in every instance
•where there was a fraction over a moiety an
additional member was allowed.
Mr. RANDALL. Would it be in order to
make a motion to lay this bill on the table?
I object to this tinkering with the apportion-
ment.
Mr. MERCUR. I yield for a moment to
the gentlemau from New York, [Mr. Cox.]
Mr. COX. I see that by this bill an addi-
tional member is given to the State of Penn-
sylvania and to each of several other States.
How is that member to be elected?
Mr. MERCUR. I will answer the gentle-
man's questiou. The bill we have already
passed, which has become law, provided that
members should be elected by separaie dis-
tricts and contiguous territory 5 and this bill
provides in general terms that the additional
' members shall be elected in the same way.
But it provides that the members to be elected
for the Forty-Third Congress may be elected
by the State at large, if the State shall not be
previously redistricted.
Mr. COX. That is, the additional mem-
bers.
Mr. MERCUR. Yes, sir; at the first elec-
tion if the State shall not have made a new
apportionment, but not afterward. 1 with-
draw the motion to reconsider, and move the
previous question.
Mr RANDALL. I move to lay the bill on
the table.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
78, noes 08.
Mr. MERCUR. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 80, nays 104, not voting
66 j as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Averill,
Beatty, Beck, Bevendge, Biggs, Bird, James G.
Blair, Biuxton, Jameb LJrooks, Burchnid, Fieeuian
Clarke, Coghlan, Coiningo, Conger, Conner, Cofton,
Crebs, Crueller, Donnan, Duke, Dunnell, Farns-
worrh, Farwcil, Finkelnburg, Charles Foster, Henry
D. Foster, Wilder I). Foster, Getz, Griffith, Halde-
innii, Hambleton, Hank", Ilarper, George E. Harris,
Havens, Hawley, liny, Gerry W. llazelton, Ilern-
don, Houghton, Kerr, Marshall, McClelland, Mc-
Cortpick, MeGrew, AlcIIenry, Mc fnryro, McKmney,
Benjamin F.Meyeis, Morgan, Morphts, Orr, Palmer,
.Isaac C. Parker, Perce, Price, Randall, Read, Ed-
ward Y. Rice, Ritchie, ltobuison, Sheiwood, Slater,
felocum, John A. Smith, Si evens. Storm, Scougiiton,
Sutherland, Swann, Terry, W.iddell, Wnlden, Wal-
dron Wells, Winchester, and Young—80.
.NAYS—Messrs. Ambier. Ames, Arthur, Banks,
Barber, Barnum, Bell, Bigby, Bingham, Austin
Blair, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Caldwell, Coburii, Cox, Ciossiand,
Bavves, Box, Duell, Eames, Elliott. Eiy, Fiye, Goi-
hiday, H.ite, ilalsey, Handley, Hnrmer, John T.
Harris, Hays, liiobard, llill. Hoar. Kelley. Kellogg,
Kendall, Ketchain, Killingcr, Lamport, Leaeii,
Bowe, McJunkm. Mercur, Merriam, Monroe,
Morey, Leonard Myers. Negley, Packard, Packer,
Hosea W. Parker, Peck. Pendleton, Eli Periy,
Peters, Piatt, Poland, Pnrter, Potter, Ramey, Ellis
H. Roberts, Rogers, Roosevelt, Rusk, Sargent,
oawyer, Scofield, Seeley, Sessions, Sheldon. Shoe-
maker, H. Boardman Smith, Worthington C.
gniuh, Snapp, Snyder. Thomas J. Speer, Sprague,
starkweather, Strong, St. John Sypher, Tafi'e,
J^wight Townsend, Washington Townseod, Turner,
luthill, Tyner, Upson, Vaughan, Voorhees, Wjike-
jaan, Wallace, Warren, Wheeler, Whiteley, Whit-
fchorne, Willard, Williams of Indiana, Williams of
n7J'ork, Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T. Wilson,
and Wood—104.
t> ^^T NOTING—Messrs. Barry, Boles, Bright,
Burdett, Roderick R Butler, Campbell, Carroll,
William Clark, Cobb. Creely, Crocker, Darrall,
Davis, Be Large. Dickey. DuBose, Eldredge, Forker,
Garfield, Garrett, Goodrich, Hancock, John W Ha-
zelton, Hereford, Holman, Hooper, King, Kinsella,
Lamison, Lansing, Lewis, Lynch, Manson. May-
nard McCrary, McKee, McNeely. Merrick, Miteh-
eH, Moore. Niblack, Aaron F. Perry, Prindle, John
M. Rice, William R. Roberts, Shanks, Sbellabarger,
bhober, Sloss, R. Milton Speer. Stevenson, Stovvoll,
Ihoraas, Twichell, Van Trump, and Walls—56.
So the motion to lay the bill on the table
was not agreed to.
The question recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; which, was first on
agreeing to the amendments reported from
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL. lask that the billasnow
amended be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That from and after the 3d day of March,
1873, the followiug States shall be entitled to one
Representative each in the Congress of the United
States in addition to the number apportioned to
such States by the act entitled " An act for the ap-
portionment of Representatives to Congress among
the several States according to the ninth census,"
approved February 2, 1872, to wit, New Hampshire,
Vermont, New York, Pennsylvania. Indiana, Ten-
nessee, Louisiana, Alabama, and Florida, and be
elected by separate districts as in said act directed :
Provided. That in the election of Representatives
to theForty-ThircICongiessonly, in any State which
by this law is given an increased number of Repre-
sentatives, the additional Representative allowed
to such State may be elected by the State at large,
unless the Legislature of said State shall otherwise
provide before the time fixed by law for the election
of Representatives therein.
Mr. RANDALL. I would suggest another
amendment in order to make the meaning of
the bill more clear. At the end of the bili
let the words again be inserted u for the Forty-
Third Congress."
Mr. MERCUR. Those words are already
in the bill. I do not think a second insertion
is necessary.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. MERCUR moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BUSINESS OF JUDICtAItY COMMITTED.
Mr. BINGHAM. On behalf of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary I ask that by unan-
imous consent Tuesday evening and Wednes-
day evening of next week be assigned for the
consideration of reports from that committee.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. At night?
The SPEAKER. At ni<?ht.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. This is one
of the most important committees of the
House.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the gentleman
will not object.
Mr. RANDALL. I would rather give the
committee a day's session for their work.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 will agree to that.
Mr. RANDALL. Our experience for the
past few night sessions has shown us that we
cannot get a quorum here at night.
The SPEAKER. There being objection
the request cannot be entertained.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will change my request,
and ask that Wednesday and Thursday ot next
week, after the morning hour, be assigned for
business from the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DAWES. I object to that proposition.
I now move that the rules be suspended and
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole upon the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
TARIFF.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Scofield in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2322) to reduce duties on imports, and to
reduce internal taxes, and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
is upon the motion to strike out line nine of
the bill, which reads " on teas of all kinds,
ten cents per pound."
Mr. DAWES. I would like to call atten-
tion to a mistake in the printed bill. On page
3, at line twenty-six of the printed bill,
should begin u section three."
The CHAIRMAN. That error will be cor-
rected.
Mr. DAWES. I desire, on the motion to
strike out tea and coffee, to make a statement
to the House of the present condition of this
bill.
If this bill shall become a law it will have
this effect upon the revenue 
Mr. SARGENT. Permit me to inquire if
the right has been reserved to fix the date at
which this bill shall go into effect?
Mr. DAWES. I will ask unanimous con-
sent to reserve the right to change the date
from the 1st day of January to some other
day, at tne close of the consideration of this
bill.
. No objection was made.
Mr. DAWES. The bill in its present state
makes the following reductions of the duties
and internal taxes 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is this debate under
the live-minutes rule or the hour rule?
The CHAIRMAN. It is under the five-
minutes rule.
Mr. DAWES. The total reduction of duties
and internal taxes effected by this bill will
be $40,128,837 16. The items of reduction
are as follows;
Amount of Reduction.
Coal  "$322,881 00
Salt  615.522 00
Leather, and manufactures of.  529,490 00
Cotton manufactures  1,077,383 25
Wool manufactures  3 3^8,274 03
Iron manufactures    1,231.280 85
Other metals  6,7(0 58
India-rubber manufactures  53.1.07 61
Gutta-percha manufactures  510 99
Straw manufactures  65,347 57
Od-eloths  2,786 61
Lumber  761.801 00
All other articles  614,605 00
Free list, (includes tea and coffee)  17,500.9)6 67
26.140 8i7 16
Internal revenue  13.983 000 00
Total   S40.12S.837 16
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Does that
including the ten per cent, reduction ordered
on yesteiday?
Mr. DAWES. It includes the ten per c^nt.
reduction and also the placing tea and coffee
on the free list.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman in
that connection tell us upon what basis he
makes the calculation of the reduction upon
tea and coffee?
Mr. DAWES. Upon the number of pounds
introduced into this country last year.
Mr. MAYNARD. The last fiscal year?
Mr. DAWES. The last fiscal year.
Mr. MAYNARD. The last calendar year
would show considerably more than that.
Mr. DAWES. Vety likely.
Mr. MAYNARD. During the last calendar
year the duty on tea and coffee was about
eighteen million dollars.
Mr. DAWES. 1 desire, if I may be sup'
ported by the majority, when we reach the
portion of this bill relating to internal rev-
enue, to further reduce it about ten million
dollars upon stamps and those small provis-
ions of law exacting taxes without any suffi-
cient remuneration to justify the annoyances
lo trade. That would bring the total reduc-
tion up to about fifty million dollars, the point
to which the committee and the members of
