1872.]
APPENDIX TO TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
459
42d Cons....2d Sess.
Extension of Ku Klux Act—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
of certain political ends which greatly defames the
people of til is State; and whereas this senate is sat-
isfied that tlio people of this State never were at any
time in the history of this country more peaceable,
quiet, and law-abiding than they no it are : There-
lore
Resolved hy the senate, That wo respectfully invite
the portion of said committee which is now assem-
bled in this city to summon as witnesses before theui
all of tho judges of the superior courts of this State.
Resolved. secondly. That we pledge ourselves to
give said committee and the courts of the country
all the aid in our power to enable them to investi-
gate any outrages or violations of law which may
have been committed against the laws of this State
or the United States, and to bring the guilty parties
to speedy justice.
Sexate Ghamber. November 8,1871.
I, Thos. W. J. Hill, secretary of the senate, here-
by certily that the loregoing is a correct copy of the
original resolutions this day taken up and agreed to.
T. W. ,T. HILL,
Secretarg of the Senate.
Mr. BAYARI). The Senate will se.e that the
senate ot' Georgia instantly protested against
the insinuation, the imputation upon their
State government and their people, and
pledged themselves to afford alt the aid in
their power to the committee for the discovery
of any outrages. Nay, further, they recom-
mended that the chief officers of the judiciary
of ihe State, the men whose position enabled
them best of all others to know the condition
of the criminal jurisprudence of that State,
of the chance tor safety and justice before the
juries of the State, should be summoned;
and X may say liete the majority of the com-
mittee disregarded the suggestion, and only
at my pressing individual instance were sub-
penas issued for the chief justice and his
two associates of the supreme court of that
State, all three appointees of the Republican
Governor Bullock, and confirmed by a Repub-
lican senate. I may say that after that sub-
pena was served, ten days, nearly two weeks
elapsed, and the committee preferred and
insisted upon forcing through the examination
of a horde of ignorant and depraved negroes,
and left Atlanta, unwilling to let the judges
of that, State come before them to testify in
relation to her true condition.
And here 1 might mention the fact that the
Legislature of Georgia (lid pass—I know it
was introduced, and I believe it subsequently
became a law—a law based in form and in
substance upon the Ku Klux act passed by the
Congress of the United States; but, sir, a law
not open to the condemnation which that law
so justly is, of having been passed in violation
of limitations upon their power. They made
it the law tinder the constitutional power of
the Siaic of Georgia to exercise her inherent
municipal police powers, and they punished
all iliese offenses as severely hy that law as
the Congress of the United States proposed to
do, and proposes invalidly to do, because the
Constitution does not give them the power to
do it. I mention that merely to show the
Senate and the country what was the disposi-
tion of that State whenever its hands were
free. And here, be it remembered, that the
Legislature that first proposed this action was
a Legislature in which the Democratic party
was largely in the majority, (or the first time
meeting tor the purpose of redeeming their
State Irom the corrupt rule which had con-
trolled her since the close of the war.
Now, sir, as the ieport of the committee
and the views of the minority accompanying
it were placed before the Senate before the
testimony taken bythesub committeein regard
to Georgia and t'orida had been printed, and
thei fcl'oie no reference whatever could be made
to it, 1 propose at more length than I should
otherwise have done to inake in my speech
what I believe to be a tiue report ot the con-
dition of things as we found them in the State
of Georgia.
We left Washington about the middle of
October, and passing through Virginia and
eastern Tennessee with safety and hospitality
at every point; we reached Atlanta, in Georgia,
somewhere about the 22d of October. There
we remained about three weeks. Atlanta, I
may say, was the point selected in advance by
the chairman of the committee, Mr. Mayuaud,
of Tennessee. It is proper also i should say
that he was the gentleman who controlled the
action of that committee, and his two col-
leagues, Messrs. Scofield and Lansing, of the
House, had but little to do with the manage-
ment and control of the committee. They
were present and performed their duties ; but
the active control of that committee, its scale
of operations aud its system of operations,
were entirely given over to the chairman.
Reaching Atlanta at daybreak we com-
menced operations by the examination of
witnesses on the same day. It seems that
the chairman of the committee had been pre-
viously in correspondence with the United
States district attorney for the upper district
of Georgia, and with the Government officials
of Georgia, and had caused all the witnesses
who were summoned before the United States
grand jury at the then term of the circuit court
to be detained under pay until we should arrive.
The testimony of the witnesses so detained by
order of the chairman forms the staple of what
the majority of the committee wanted to know
of Georgia. They were with few exceptions
all negroes of the lowest type; the few whites
among them being nearly of the same grade.
All had made their complaints before the
grand jury, and I have among my papers a
list of indictments which have been found
against citizens of Georgia upon that testi-
mony. Civil law was then in force. There
was no intimidation of witnesses to prevent
them from coming to attend those trials, be-
cause they were there in scores ready and
willing to testify. They had been there be-
fore we arrived. They had all given their
testimony; and in point of truth, as will be
disclosed by an examination, if any one has
the time and patience to examine these two
bulky volumes, it will be seen that the testi-
mony of those witnesses so detained, who had
made their complaint, who had succeeded in
obtaining indictments against parlies in Geor-
gia, forms the staple of the testimony upon
which the majority of the committee base
their resolution that the power should be given
to suspend the writ of habeas corpus over the
State of Geoigia.
Before we reached Atlanta the Ku Klux act
had been in force some live or six months,
'i'he cases arising under it or which could be
coustrued to be within it had been diligently
sifted by Judge Pope, a very intelligent and
respectable memher of the bar, who was dis-
trict attorney of the United States for the
northern district of Georgia; and not only
that, he had the aid of Judge John II.
Goldwell, who was specially selected by At-
torney General Akermau to make these in-
vestigations and to make a report to him.
The testimony of no one witness ought to be
more satisfactory to the majority of the Senate
than the agent selected by Mr, Akermau, the
Attorney General, for the purpose of exam-
ining in advance into the whole of this class
of cases. We have the testimony hero on
page 4'2f> of the first volume of the Georgia
testimony.
There was no man who could inform the
committee so well of what had been done by
these alleged offenders as -Mr. Akennan's
agent, Mr. Goldwell. He had lived in Geor-
gia. He held office in Georgia. He made a
thorough examination of them, with the whole
of the Government power at his back to aid
him; and let me say the Senate would not
have had one word of that man's testimony
but that the minority insisted that he should
be called before the committee. Judge Gold-
well was called before them, and his examin-
ation was postponed day'after day, although,
he had a court in an adjoining district whicU
was suffering by his absence, in order that
these negro witnesses should be permitted to
restate their complaints, which before had
been poured into his ear, and next into the
ears of the grand jury, and indictments had
been found upon them. If there was nothing
else in this testimony than Judge Coldwell's
deposition, I should think it would be satis-
factory to candid minds, especially to those
who read here communications from tile
Attorney General as though they were equiva-
lent to proof of the facts contained in thera.
I will ask the Clerk to read what i have
marked.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"By Mr. Bayard;
"Question. Where do yon reside?
"Answer. My residence is in La Grange, Troup
county, Georgia.
"Question. Are you a native of Georgia?
"Answer. I am a native of South Carolina, but I
was brought up in Georgia.
"Question. What offices have yon held at different
periods of your lile in the State of Georgia, and what
office do you now holdj?
"Answer. I was elected a member of the constitu-
tional convention that assembled in this State and
framed our present constitution.
"Question. In what year?
"Answer. I was elected in the autumn of 18'i7.
Then, in the spring of IStiS, at our general election,
I was elected a member of the bouse of represent-
atives ol the State Legislature. My present official
position is that of judge of tho district court in tile
thirty-seventh senatorial district.
"Question. In these various offices which you have
mentioned, with what political party have you been
acting?
"Answer. Tho Republican party.
"Question. Are you at this tiuie a member of that
party, and acting with it?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" Qnettion, Have you been employed by the Attor-
ney General of the United States, Mr. Akerumn, in
the investigation of the alleged Ku Klux outrages
in this aeutiou of country?
"Answer, Yes, sir.
" Question. State when you were employed, and
what you have dono under instructions.
"Answer. I was employed in the month of July
last; my commission or instructions—I suppose it
may be called commission—was dated after the 20th
of July, and X left homo on tho 28th of July with
the view of having a consultation here with the dis-
trict attorney and attending to the matteis whereon
X was instructed in tho commission. X have contin-
ued in that duly untiX this time; tbe.instructions
were intended to be carried out until tho Xst oi
November, aud the time is nearly out.
" Question. That was under special instructions
from the Attoincy General?
"Ausioer. Yes, sir. -
"Question. State what was the charaetor of your
duties.
"Answer. To assist in arranging tho proofs; and
to visit,such localities where I might have reason to
boiiovo some offenses had been committed, and to
examine witnesses." * * * * *
" Question. IXave you been able to discover any
political significance in those organizations?
"Answer. Not atraeeol it. except in one instance,
taking the testimony of the party himself.
" Question. They have been devoid of political
significance?
"Answer. In every instance which t have exam-
ined, so iar as 1 have liad any investigation ot wit-
nesses.
" Question. In your jurisdiction you have admin-
istration of the criminal laws ?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. Do you consider that there is areason-
able protection tor person and property under tho
laws of Georgia for people ot all classes audcolors?
"Answei. Within my jurisdiction there certainly
is; I can state that with confidence from my per-
sonal knowledge.
" Question. What counties are embraced within
your jurisdiction ?
"Answer. The three countiesof Troup. Hoard, and
Carroll, which counties compose the ihirty-aeveutli
j udtcial district."
Mr. BAYARD. I call the attention of the
Senate and the country to tlie l'act that here is
the sworn testimony of the agent of the At-
torney General of the United States who has
been employed under special commission tince
last July to investigate this very class ©f offen-
ses, who tells you he has every reason to make
him speak with a strong party bias, if any bias
at all existed, and this man so expressly
selected by Mr. Akermau, in the State which
