1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2383
words "which reverse shall be provided with
a flap or cover over the message, as the Post-
master General shall prescribe."
Mr. BUTLER, of .Massachusetts. That is
right.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, the experi-
ment in the use of these cards, we have been
told, has been successfully tried in England,
Germany, and perhaps other European coun-
tries. 1 do not, however, myself expect that
in a country whose population is relatively so
sparse as ours the advantageous results of the
system will be felt in the same degree as they
have been experienced abroad Whatever
addition to the number of communications
sent by mail shall arise under this plan must,
except so far as they arise from reduced post-
age, arise from the convenience which this
postal card will furnish to correspondents.
The mere fact that the cards are open cannot
make them more desirable to writers, except
when used for purposes of abuse. I think that
the card system will very largely increase the
amountofcorrespondence ; but I doubtwhether
it will so much increase it as to compensate for
the loss of revenue from reducing two cent
and three-cent postages to one cent. But if
not, I still think one cent is enough for all drop-
letter postage in cities, and that it would be
wise to provide for such a reduction in postage
as that. Beyond that, however, I am m favor
of the introduction of these cards, because I |
believe they will increase that description of
correspondence.
But I am firmly convinced that the card
itself ought to be covered. I understand it
has been found in countries which have
already adopted this system that these cards
have to some extent been made the vehicles
of abuse and spite wherever persons have been
invited by such authority of law to write upon
the reverse side ofthese cards without a cover.
The objection taken by the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Tyner] to my amendment is
that persons may slip under the cover proposed
to the card some sort of other writing, and
thus a letter will be formed which will be
delivered at one cent postage instead ot two.
Now, sir, I conceive that the use of these
cards would be to a large extent confined to
our large cities ; and J repeat that for city
circulation one-cent postage upon letters is
enough. I believe such a tate would insure
ultimately as good returns to the Department
and better convenience for the public than the
present rale. I think also that these postal
cards, furnishing such a special convenience
for correspondence to the public as they
would, would tend to swell the revenue of
the Government from his source.
Nor do I believe this card with the flap to
it would be followed by any successful attempt
to introdnce into it long letters. Any viola-
tion of the law in that respect could be
readily detected and prevented, just as vio-
lations of the present postal system are now
detected and punished.
The truth obviously is that the postal card,
whatever advantages it may have, or conven-
ience it may afford, will equally have them
whether the message is covered or not. Pub-
licity can add no proper value to this card; on
the contrary may invite abuses which will pre-
vent the system being successful.
I am convinced the amendment I have sug-
gested, which accords with the views of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] will
relieve this measure of the difficulties which
so many of us think it will otherwise lead to.
Mr. FINKBLNBURG. Mr. Speaker, I
hope the bill if it passes at all will pass in the
shape reported hom the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads. At any rate, if
an amendment of the kind offered by the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Potter] is to be
adopted, I trust it will not be compulsory, as
his amendment makes it. Let us have the
option of introducing a simple flap or an open
postal card
I do not think on account of the sensitive
fear of libels or slanders we ought to stop a
great improvement. This proposed postal-
card system saves time and labor, and that is
everything nowadays. I consider it a valuable
improvement. We might as well object to
railroads because they bring greater loss of life
by accident and that sort of thing. The ques-
tion is whether a greater good is not obtained
than a greater evil.
At first this may be abused. Men may take
this mode of sending libelous letters, but when
the novelty has worn off it will fall into the
ordinary business habits of men. A man can
put twenty ofthese postal cards into his pocket-
book without any inconvenience. The other
kind with the flap is cumbersome. It does not
accomplish the object and the chief good of
this system. I hope we will at least have the
privilege of using either kind, either the open
card or the card with the flap to it.
Mr. POTTER. Why will it not accomplish
the object V
Mr. HILL. I yield to my colleague.from
New York, who is a member of the committee,
[Mr. Carroll.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman' from Ohio
[%• Garfield] has submitted an amendment,
which the Clerk will-read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That the postal card herein provided
for may consist of a single piece of paper or of the
card with a flap to cover the written face, as the
Postmaster General may determine.
Mr. RANDALL. If the gentleman will
notice my amendment he will see that the
object he has in view is entirely covered by it.
I provide that the style and quality of these
postal cards shall be determined by a compe-
tent commission.
Mr. HILL. I now yield to the gentleman
from New Y'ork, [Mr. Carroll,] a member
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. CARROLL. Mr. Speaker, the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads con-
sidered all of these various questions and con-
cluded that the open card was the best, and for
several reasons. To avoid scandal or slander
being put in these cards they provided a pen-
alty against it, and also that such cards should
be excluded from being sent through the mails.
The objection to the use of the flap or cover
on the face of the card was this: that such
flap could be so constructed, like the one I
hold in my hand, as to operate substantially
as a closed letter, by being folded down in this
way, and would take the place of the sealed
letter. As they are permitted as drop-letters,
to be carried through the mails, they would to
a great extent take the place of sealed letters
sent now only at the rate of three cents, and
thus reduce the revenue of the Department
much below what the necessities of the coun-
try would permit. If they are to be made,
they are to be made at the rate of one cent,
including the cost of material, and they should
not to any extent be allowed to supersede the
ordinary letter now sent through the mails at
the rate of three cents..
It was supposed that the open postal card
would soon be used for such messages as car-
ried the explanation with themselves, like tele-
graphic dispatches, and not be used to take
the place to any large extent of the present
closed letters. If they do take the place of
the present closed letters the postal revenue
will be greatly reduced, and such I believe will
be the effect of these postal cards with the flap,
for they can be made to answer all the pur
poses of a short letter. I suggest to the gen-
tlemen who desire to have a card with a cover
that the bili may be so amended as to permit
the two kinds of cards to be used, the open
card and the one with the flap or cover, mak-
ing the rate for the open card oue cent, and
for the card with the flap or cover two cents
instead of one. That would perhaps do away
with the objection that it would decrease the
revenue of the Department, which is already
much below the self-sustaining point.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask that my amend-
ment may be again read, and that it may be
acted on by the House.
The Clerk read as follows:
That in every instance the Postmaster General
shall advertise for proposals for the furnishing of
said postal cards as in other contracts, and in every
case the lowest bid shall be accepted, the quality and
style of said cards being first determined by a board
of three experts to be selected by the Postmaster
General, one from the Treasury Department, em-
ployed in the Engraving-Bureau, the other two to be
appointed outside of the Departments and to be ex-
perts in engraving; and neither of the members of
the said board to be interested in the contract for
furnishing said cards, or other contract in the Post
Office Department.
Mr. HILL. I accept that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The next amendment
in order is that of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Potter.]
The amendment was read, as follows:
Add at the end of section one the following:
Which reverse shall be provided with a flap or
cover over the message, as the Postmaster General
shall prescribe.
Mr. HILL. That would require all the
cards to be sealed up. I hope the amend-
ment will not prevail. I prefer the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gar-
field.] which leaves to the Postmaster Gen-
eral the discretion of issuing either the open
or the closed card.
Mr. RANDALL. I think my amendment,
which has just been adopted, covers the point.
It provides the mode of determining the qual-
ity and style to be adopted for the cards.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would suggest that the
word "may," instead of the word-"shall,"
should be used in the amendment offered by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Potter ]
The question being taken on Mr. Potter's
amendment, there were—ayes 50, noes 43;
no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Hill and Mr.
Potter.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 83, noes 44.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HILL. I now move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, which was first on the
amendment of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, as
follows:
Add at the end of section one the following :
Prooided, That the postal card herein provided for
mayconsistof asingle piece of paper, or of a card
with a flap to cover the written face, as the Post-
master General may determine.
Mr. HILL. T yield to the gentleman from
New Yoik, [Mr. Smith.]
Mr. SMUH, of New York. One fact has
not been mentioned in this discussion, which,
I suppose, is within the cognizance of all
members of the House, that these open caids
have been used very extensively in Europe as
a vehicle for scandalous libels. And I desire
to suggest an amendment either to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] or to that of my colleague, [Mr. Pot-
ter.] I propose to add these words, which,
I hope, by unanimous consent, will be allowed
to be considered pending:
Tho flap or cover of said card to be secured by
gum an tho two opposite edges thereof.
'This will obviate the possibility of these
cards being made a cover, admitting of the
insertion of separate slips.
Mr. HILL. I do not admit that amend-
ment.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Garfield, of Ohio; and being put, there
were—ayes 40, noes 37; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER,, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, and Mr.
Potter were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 50, noes 56 ; no quorum voting.
