1872.
THE CONG-RESSIONAL GLOBE.
511
members of the house who were absent from
the hal! of the house of representatives had
not returned at the latest information I have,
unless indeed they have returned to-day. It
is announced that those absentees who claimed
to have the legal speaker would appear at the
hall of the house to-day and take possession
of it to the exclusion ot the others.
Mr. SHELDON". My judgment all the time
has been adverse to sending a committee to
Louisiana, or to the appointment of one to
investigate these matters here. I appreciate,
of course, very keenly that affairs there have
been in a very disgraceful condition and are
so at this time. There never was anything,
however, that Congress had a right to meddle
with, and if they had had the right even, there
never was anything we could do that could
accomplish any result-fuither than to prolong
the disgraceful condition of things there.
It seems now that there can be no question
but that the State senate of Louisiana is legally
constituted; every member who is alive is
there. There is still some question about the
legality of the house of representatives. But
I do not see how this House or the Government
of the United States is to determine thatques-
tiou. It is a question for them to determine
for themselves, and so far as we have inform-
ation from there, now they seem to be getting
along rather better, or at least they seem to
be approximating to a better condition of
affairs there. My judgment is, that they had
better be left entirely alone by Congress to
settle matters for themselves.
I did not vote against the resolution of in-
vestigation, and I do not mean now to say
I do not want the committee to go there,
because there are several gentlemen here and
elsewhere who are decided in their opinions on
that subject, and I have simply said that I
would not oppose it. But as this question has
come up, I deem it my duty to say exactly
what I have said to this House upon this sub-
ject. I do not propose anything further than
to say that I do not think it ever was neces-
sary for a committee to go there to investi-
gate, or to investigate here. I do not think
it is necessary now; and if it ever was neces-
sary, it is less so now than it has been here-
tofore.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. One word in addi-
tion to whatbas been said. So far as the State of
Louisiana is concerned, for one I am delighted
to hear that she is nearly restored and in her
right mind after the late troubles there. It
seems to me that there is little to be invest-
igated concerning the State government of
Louisiana, so far as Congress is empowered to
make an investigation. But I will say—whether
it be a prudent remark to make or not, yet I
will venture to make it—that there is one ele-
ment down there 1 think this Congress ought
to investigate. I presume it might be invest-
igated here as well as iti New Orleans, possi-
bly not so well here as in New Orleans. But
the conduct of the officers of the Government
of the United States in New Orleans, if we
may trust public report, does need investiga-
tion, When the revenue-cutter of the United
States was used to carry away a portion of the
Legislature of Louisiana, and to keep them
beyond the reach of its officers, I think there
is some ground for an investigation of the con-
duct of those officers and the orders they
received in taking the steps they did.
When the officers of the Government of the
United States intermeddle in the management
of the affairs of a State Legislature, when
they become parties and partisans of oppos-
ing cliques and rings, as public rumor says
they have done—and whether th'cy have done
it or not I do not know—if they have done a
tithe of what the daily press tells us they have
done, and are yet doing, then it is high time
that their conduct should be investigated. If
they have not done these things, then it is
high time that the Government of the United
States should be free from the odium that will
so justly fall upon it if these things have been
done.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Will the gentleman
permit a question?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly.
_ Mr. FARNS WORTH. Will not a resolu-
tion inquiring of the Secretary of the Treasury
whether the revenue-cutter has been used in
that way answer all the purpose?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am not now
speaking of the best method of getting this
information. But if we are to make the invest-
igation, let us see to it in the first place that
our agents are not intermeddling with the
affairs of the State of Louisiana.
Mr. SHELDON. Allow me a single word
here.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. SHELDON. I am aware that the Presi-
dent of the United States and the Secretary
of the Treasury are in possession of all the
facts in regard to the action of the United
States officers there, and it seems to me they
are competent to manage those affairs them-
selves.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not care
how it is brought about, but that feature of
this case ought to be investigated.
Mr. BECK. I will ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a word.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. BECK. When the question was before
the House last week relative to sending a select
committee to Louisiana I voted against it, be-
cause the joint committee of the House and
the Senate appointed to look into the condi-
tion of those States was, as I supposed, the
proper committee to make that investigation.
The House thought otherwise. I did not vote
against it because I believed it was not best to
investigate the action of the authorities, State
and Federal, in Louisiana. I thought it was,
and I believe so now. I rise now only to object
to the investigation being held here. If any
investigation is to be had it ought to be held
on the spot. Anything short of that would be
a farce. The House ought either to revoke
altogether the appointment of this committee
or furnish them with all the means necessary to
go there and make the investigation thorough.
An investigation here will amount to nothing.
There is no reliance to be placed in the
reports that may be sent from Louisiana as to
the present condition of its government. I
do not believe either side will tell the truth.
Gentlemeu who read what Governor Warmoth
says of Carter and the other men opposed to
him will come to the conclusion that they are
a set of shameless plunderers. If, on the other
hand, gentlemen will read what is said of Gov-
ernor Warmoth and the men who act with
him by those on the other side it would appear
that they are wholly unfit for any public trust.
No doubt each side tells the truth as to the
other as far as they dare. All are equally
guilty and equally corrupt, I have no doubt.
When this question was before the joint select
Committee on the Condition of the Southern
States, in September last, as the journal of the
committee now published shows, amotion was
made by Senator Blair, seconded by Senator
Bayaud, that a committee go to Louisiana and
investigate the condition of affairs there; and
every Republican member of the committee
voted against that proposition, and every Dem-
ocrat voted for it. The yeas and nays are
recorded on the journal, which is now public
property.
Mr. STEVENSON. Will_ the gentleman
state, in fairness to the committee, that when
that motion was made these recent events had
not occurred ?
Mr. BECK. At the time that motion was
made and was voted down by the gentleman
and his friends, the convention had been held.
The custom-house officers and their friends
had called in the military, and. the Governor
and his friends had been driven away, as he
stated in his public speech, by United States
soldiers, whose conduct he denounced most
vigorously, and, as I think, justly, if what he
said was true.
Mr. STEVENSON. I speak of recent
events.
Mr. BECK. Oh, no; these recent events
had not then occurred, of course they had not,
but others equally disgraceful had. It was
known to the committee at that time, however,
because the auditor's report was before us,
that the ruling party there had disfranchised
every man they wished to disfranchise who
voted in a way that did not suit them, they had
their registration and election laws fixed on
purpose, and that they had by robbery and
plunder increased the debt, of the State from
ten to forty-one millions ; and they had added
in the year 1871 nine millions more, being
excess of expenditures over receipts; and the
auditor had certified that there was not a dol
lar in the treasury to meet this debt, nor any-
thing to show for all this vast and corrupt ex-
penditure. That is a part of what the record
then showed, and still the majority would not
look into it. The misrule, corruption, and
robbery in Louisiana is a disgrace to American
civilization. If the House should adhere to
its determination to send a committee to Louis-
iana, it cannot examine a man on either side
without finding that the men who control and
manage the affairs of that government are
buoyant with corruption, rising only as they
rot.
Mr. SYPHER. Mr. Speaker, I voted a
week ago for the creation of this committee.
I then believed that the extraordinary condi-
tion of affairs in Louisiana required investi-
gation, and I believe so still. The situation
at present is substantially the same as it was
a week ago, when the resolution was adopted
by the House. Gentlemen seem to think that
the difficulties are settled, that the necessity
for the committee has passed, and they accord-
ingly inquire, What necessity for an investi-
gation? What good will it do? What can Con-
gress do in the matter? I answer that for ten
days anarchy has reigned in the largest city of
the South. United States troops have paraded
and stacked their arms in her streets and thor-
oughfares. Trade and commerce have been
seriously interfered with. Life and property
have been jeopardized, and all the evils of
martial law have existed there without its cor-
responding benefits of protection and security
against the violence cjf the mob. And all this
in the midst of our commercial year, at a time
when our largest business houses are engaged
in their heaviest transactions of trade, when
our wharves and levees are filled with goods
of every description, and the rich products of
our fertile soil are coming to market. Are
not these outrages upon a peaceable commun-
ity which call for investigation ? Is the entire
business of a city numbering a quarter of a mil-
lion people to be prostrated and ruined by a
mob growing out of a conflict between two
factions, both of which are a curse to the
State ?
Mr. Speaker, the Governorof Louisiana and
fifteen members of the Legislature have been
arrested by United States officials. The State
House has been and still is garrisoned by
armed metropolitan police and State militia.
The speaker and nearly one third of the lower
branch of the Legislature have been denied
admission, excepting they pass between the
files of armed police and militia. Half the
senate have absented themselves, and, it is
said, have gone on board the United States
revenue-cutter to avoid arrest bythe sergeant-
at-arms of their body. And if the intelligence
we received from Louisiana to-day is reliable,
the leader of one faction is marching against
the other at the head of two thousand men,
armed with rifles and artillery, and at this
hour the State House may be invested by armed
men and blood may be flowing in the streets
of New Orleans. In view of these facts do
gentlemen think that the necessity for investi-
