3200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8, *
the House, so far aa I understand the senti-
ment of the House, generally desire to bring
the reduction. I have nothing further to say
upon that subject.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. What is the
question pending?
The CHAIRMAN. It is to strike out the
ninth line, relating to tea.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Mr. Chair-
man, I am obliged to go for that proposition
because the House and the Senate have al-
ready agreed to it, and it has become a law.
But I hope that measure will be followed up
by the like abolition or reduction of other
parts of the tariff. When under the cry of a
"free breakfast table" the duty on tea and
coffee was abolished, those who carried that
measure seized hold of the key of the position
of those who wished to liberate the country
throughout the whole tariff; and they who
held that key have had control of this bill. I
propose now to show that in order to carry
out the idea of a " treo breakfast table" we
must go a great deal further than merely
admitting tea and coffee free of duty.
I have in my hand a list of articles necessary
to constitute a " free breakfast table." In the
first place you must have a table ; that table is
fenerally of wood, sometimes partly of iron,
t may be of marble, and then it will bs a very
dear table. On the wood of which the table is
made the duty is thirty per cent, ad valorer>\.
Tables generally have a little varnish on them,
and the duty on varnish is tifly-seven per cent.
ad valorem. There are screws in the table; it
is not held together entirely by iron ; and the
screws, especially the wood-screws of Rhode
Island, are " protected" by a duty of from
forty to one hundred and lit'iy per cent, ad
valorem. There is very often brass in a table,
the duty on brass is forty five per cent, ad
valorem. Then you must have a table-cloth
which, if it he of linen, pays a duty of forty
per cent, ad valorem. Ilioae who indulge in
napkins for their table, must pay on them a
duly of forty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. KELLOGG. The gentleman will allow
me to correct him. On brass the duty is thirty-
five per cent:.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I do not so
understand. Now, it is of no use to have a
table and table-cloth unless you have dishes,
and the people of this country pay a much
higher duty upon their crockery-ware for table
use than they do upon their tea and coffee. The
duty on crockery—plates, tea-cups, saucers,
milk-pots, &c.—is from forty to sixty per cent.
ad valorem. On glass-ware, in which some
indulge, the duly is forty-live per cent, ad
valorem, or if it be cut glass fifty per cent, ad
valorem. On casters and caster-stands the
duty is thiity per cent, advalorem, or if plated
forty per cent. There is no use in having a
table without spoons and knives ; and spoons
pay the enormous duty of forty-five per cent.
ad valorem. Ou knives and forks the duly is
thirty-five per cent, ad valorem. Now, look
at the tea-pot, from which wo are to drink our
tea. What duty does the ten-pot pay? If
of metal, forty five per cent, ad valorem; if of
crockery, only forty per cent, ad valorem.
Thus far we have the outfit for a '' free
breakfast table," hut nothing upon it to eat.
A " free breakfast table" without something
to eat would be of very little benefit to any-
body. Mow, let us look at the cost of provis-
ions to supply this " free breakfast table."
If your bread has any lightening in it, or is
made by the use of any preparation for raising
bread, whether it be corn bread or flour bread,
the tanarie acid used in making these " bread-
powders,'' as they are called, pays tor the
benefit of some of our manufacturers a duty
of sixty-seven per cent, ad valorem. Then
comes sugar; scarcely anybody uses tea or
coffee without using sugar.
Mr. MAYNARL). 1 wish the gentleman
would put the duty on tartaric acid into spe-
cific dollars and cents, so that we may know
precisely how much that item costs us every
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Mr. Chair-
man, the duty on sugar is ten times as enorm-
ous as has been the duty on tea_ and coffee;
yet no proposition for the reduction or aboli-
tion of this duty on sugar has corne from those
gentlemen who are so earnestly in favor of a
"free breakfast table." Tea and coffee are
not necessary elements of life ; but sugar is
almost an essential element of life. It enters
into a great variety of articles of consump-
tion.
I see, Mr. Chairman, your gavel is about to
fall. " Strike, but hear " hereafter.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
motion to amend by striking out the clause
imposing a duty of ten cents per pound on
tea.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to
amend so as to make the duty on tea nine
cents a pound. Mr. Chairman, in order to
constitute a "free breakfast table" it is
necessary to have free sugar. But the duty on
sugar is one and three fourths to four cents
per pound; an enormous duty solely for the
protection of the interests of one State, Louis-
iana. This is one of the very highest duties
levied on any import. And yet the friends of
the "free breakfast table" propose to leave
the duty on sugar where it is. liven my col
league from the city of New York, who is in
favor of free tea and coffee, has not lifted his
voice yet in favor of free sugar.
What is the duty on provisions coming from
Canada, coining across the line? On beef, on
pork, on chickens, on a stray turkey, even
from St. John coming over into Maine, or
coming from Canada into any of the border
States, the duty on those articles is one cent
per pound. Oil butter it is seventeen and
three fourths per cent., on cheese twenty-six per
cent., on vinegar fifty-two per cent., on pep-
per one hundred and thirteen per cent., on olive
oil, which is a most unnecessary duty, and
which is somewhat used at the breakfast table,
there is a duty of fifty per cent. On mustard
the duty is forty-six per cent; and on salt,
which everybody uses, whether on a "free
breakfast table" or not, it now stands between
one hundred and sixty and three hundred per
cent., which it is proposed now to be allowed
to remain.
Mr. AMBLER. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Let me run on.
Mr. AMBLER. 1 object that it is not in
order to discuss the general principles of this
paragraph under the pretense of an amend-
ment.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. You will not
gain any time by this process.
The CHAIRMAN. If the point of order is
insisted on, the gentleman from New York will
be obliged to confinc his remarks to his amend-
ment.
Mr. AMBLER. 1 insist on my point of
order.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I propose to
insert these other articles upon the free list,
so that we may really have a free breakfast
table.
Mr. AMBLER. I insist on the point of
order.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I give notice
that gentlemen must confine themselves in
their remarks especially to the pending amend-
ment until 1 am allowed to go on.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, I believe
the House has abolished all duty on tea and
coffee, that the two Houses, together with the
Executive, have abolished the duty on tea and
coffee, and this amendment I understand to
be ou the part of the gentleman from New
York to restore those duties.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. No; to
reduce them to a lower rate.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman's motion is
to put a duty on tea of nine cents per pound.
Tea free! Tea the Democratic party, when-
ever it had power, made free, tea—which goes '
into the consumption of every farmer's and '
laborer's family—and yet the gentleman comes ''
here and talks about the duty on marble tables
and silver and cut glass and plated ware that :
garnish them. The farmers and laborers do
not enjoy those luxuries, and do not pay the
duties on them. Sir, by their well-paid labor
they are able to enjoy comfortable meals and
healthful subsistence for their families. If the
gentleman from New York were to have hia
way there would be millions here as to tea and
coffee as the Irishman was who boasted that
things that cost a dollar here might be bought
in his native country for sixpence. " Then
why did you not stay there?" asked an inquis-
itive bystander. " Because a man could never
get the sixpence." [Laughter.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Is it in order
to tell stories ? [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLEY. The difficulty was that the
man could not get the sixpence.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I make the
point of order that the gentleman is telling
stories.
Mr. KELLEY. It is better to tell a good
story than a downright fib. [Laughter.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. It is not in
order to tell a downright fib.
Mr. KELLEY. I thought it was from what I
heard this morning.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. How about
tobacco ?
Mr. KELLEY. If the gentleman from New
York could have his way, the workshops of the
country would be closed, or wages would be
reduced to such a point as would not enable
us to exclude the productions of Belgium, of
Austria, of Germany, of France, or of Eng-
land, where laborers are paid only about one
half or one third of the wages received by
American laborers. There would be no break-
fast tables, as I have said, for millions of the
men who to-day are prosperous American cit-
izens.
The millions who have come to us in the
last decade, and are coming at the rate of
nearly four hundred thousand this year, would
not be coming, would not have come here,
would not be American citizens, either in fact
or in embryo, but would be starvelings and pau-
pers, dying on the streets of the richest city
of the world, London. They would be with
their children carrying from six to ten tons of
clay per day and walking twenty miles to earu
from sixpence to tenpence a day in the pot-
teries of England, trom which the gentle-
man would have us draw the furniture tor our
free-breakfast table.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BECK. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Biiooks] by making the rate five cents,
instead of nine. I desire to say, in^answer
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Kelley,] that he is mistaken about the Dem-
ocratic policy in regard to free tea. From
1792 to 1842, under all the Democratic ad-
ministrations, a tax was kept upon tea. In
1792 a duty of ten, eighteen, and thirty-two
cents per pound was imposed.
Mr. KELLEY. Does the gentleman claim
Washington as a Democrat?
Mr. BECK. I believe he was not a Radical.
But was not Jackson a Democrat? It was
taxed during his whole term. As I have said,
by the tariff of 1792 the tax was ten, eighteen,
and thirty-two cents per pound. During the
war of 1812 it was twenty-four, thirty six and
sixty-four cents. Under the tariff of 1824
it was twelve, twenty-five, and fifty cents. In
the tariff of 1832, and under Jackson's whole
administration, it was ten cents a pound. So
it remained until the high Whig tariff of 1812
was passed, when they wanted just what is
wanted now, protection on the same articles
as those on which the gentleman from Penn-
__i ■ Kelley] wants protection.
