460
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 21,
Senate.
Extension of Ku Klux Act—Mr. Bayard.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
was Mr. Akerman's own home, the State which
Mr. Akermanhad peculiar knowledge of, if he
had knowledge of any State, his own chosen
agent, speaking under oath, declares to you
that in all his examinations of this whole class
of eases, and remember he had examined all
the cases in regard to. which testimony was
brought before this committee, there was not
a particle of political significance in any of the
acts which were alleged to have been commit-
ted. I could extend the extracts, from this
gentleman's testimony. Pressed by a rigid and
prolonged and a most insulting cross-examina-
tion by the chairman of the committee, he con-
tinued to declare the fact that there is law and
order, security for person and property in Geor-
gia, as perfectly as in any State in the Union,
that there are perfect power and competence
and disposition on the part of the Slate offi-
cials to protect all persons in their midst, and
although crimes did and do exist, as they
always do and always will everywhere, they
were not in any degree to be supposed to have
political significance.
There is his testimony. I do not detain
the Senate by reading more of it, for there is
no time in the examination of this immense
mass of testimony to do so; although, as I
say, I think from Coldwell's relations to his
party, and to the Attorney General and the
Administration we might stop there upon his
statement.
But, Mr. President, it seemed to me from
the character of the examination of witnesses,
from the character of the witnesses called,
from the character of the testimony that was
dragged in, utterly irrelevant, that the object
of the committee, or of those who controlled
its action, was only to discover crimes and
misdemeanors in Georgia, and connect them
with politics wherever it was possible. Look
at the leading question throughout this whole
testimony to witnesses, in which these black
people were led by professional ingenuity to
know what the answer desired of them was to
be, and frequently when they had made an
answer contiary to the wishes of their querist
they would have the intimation so given to
them that they would instantly change it and
reverse their whole statements. The testi-
mony is filled with suuh things, loading ques-
tions, suggestions as to what was needed ; and
a per diem of two dollars, with a liberal mile-
age, was a good- reward for testimony that
suited their object; and none other was
wanted by them. The object of that testimony,
and 1 here make the charge upon it as it stands,
could be nothing else than to stigmatize the
people of Georgia and make a case for the
North. Why, sir, there was a preexamina-
tion of the witnesses by the clerk of the com-
mittee appointed by the chairman, the editor
of a paper in Knoxville, who handed the
chairman a written abstract of what each
witness would testify.
You will find that Mr. Caldwell had been a
correspondent of the New York Tribune, and
in 1868, three years before we went into
that community, two years and six months
piior to the passage of the law, the workings
of which and the necessity for which the com-
mittee were to investigate, Mr. Caldwell had
written an account of what is known as the
Ashburn case, at the time of its occurrence, to
the New York Tribune, and the bulk of these
volumes will no longer be wondered at when
the Senate learn tbat the whole of that report
written by Caldwell in 18G8 was, at the request
of the chairman, produced by him and repub-
lished at the public expense in this volume.
What was it for? Simply to create this hue
and cry, simply to stir up again a case which
had created a great deal of bad feeling, and a
case which had a great many attendant cir-
cumstances of the most shocking character.
Much as I deprecate the murder of Ashburn,
willingly as I would punish the man who slew
him, 1 feel more horror at the- methods re-
sorted to to obtain proofs of the guilt of the
parties who killed him than I do at the killing
itself. He was a very bad man. He had
been an overseer of slaves. He had been
notorious for his personal cruelty to those
who were committed to his charge. Sud-
denly, when the failure of the revolution had
put an end to slavery, availing himself of his
knowledge, as a slave-driver and overseer, of
the weaknesses and superstition of that race,
he wheeled himself over into their political
leader, and used them as tools for his per-
sonal ambition. I need not- say that such.a
man was a vicious man. I need not say that
he came to his death in a negro brothel,
where he was living in shame. I need not
say how natural a violent death is to men who
have such methods of life. He was killed;
and if you would know what was done, I
blush to say, under the permission of United
States military officers, read the history of the
methods resorted to to prove the guilt of those
who were suspected of the crime. I have upon
my table depositions of witnesses showing how
the testimony was obtained which was relied
upon to connect men in Georgia of complicity
with the murder of Ashburn. I read from the
sworn statement of John Wells, a freedman,
made on the 11th of June, 1868, at Columbus,
Georgia. He and other witnesses, -men of
color and white men, were captured and taken
down to Fort Pulaski; and he relates how he
was treated:
"Each prisoner was put into a cell by himself;
the cells arefour feet by sixf'eet, with a very narrow
opening above tor ventilation ; one vacant coll was
left between those occupied by prisoners, so that no
two prisoners occupied adjoining cells. Soon after
our arrival persons apparently in authority inquired
in the hearing of witnesses whether "the razors"
wero ready to shave the heads of prisoners. Being
answered affirmatively, witness was blindfolded
and taken o if to another part of the fort; his head
"was lathered ; two men held him, while othersstand-
ing around prepared to shave his head, and spoke
of what was to be done. They drew his head back,
and in an effort to puthimsell in a more comfortable
position the bandage was pushed from his eyes, when
witness discovered that he was in a casemate or
other large room, and that a cannon had been trained
upon him, and that a man seemed to bo in the act
of firing it directly at him. Witness was very much
alarmed ; supposed thoy were about to kill him, and
begged tor a little time to make a statement and
meet hisfdte. They replied that there was but little
time then, but they would give him fifteen minutes.
Witness stated all he knew of the occurrences on
tho night of Ashburn's murder; where he was at
various hours of thenight: howand when and where
ho heard ot the killing, and affirmed most positively
his own innocenco and his entire ignorance of any
fact or circumstance going to implicate others. He
spoke of his own previous character as acitizen and
member of the ctiurch, saying he had told them the
truth ; that ho could not utter a falsehood to impli-
cate innocent persons, and that if for this they still
persisted in taking his life they must do it.
" Witness was finally taken back to his cell; was
left there for some days longer—during which he was
repeatedly interrogated—and was finally permitted
to walk out, and at length was allowed the freedom
ef the fort. This privilege was granted, as he was
informed, because the parties examining him be-
hoved that he was innocent, and knew nothing
against others. Witness was put to work about the
fort.
"The persons who blindfolded witness and inter-
rogated "him, he understood, were detectives, per-
haps officers in the detective force.
" John Stapler, another prisoner, witness learned,
was put through the same process as himself.
One of the deteotives subsequently said to wit-
ness that Stapler had told two tales which con-
tradicted each other. He (Stapler) was finally put
into the 'sweat-box.' and kept there from Satur-
day morning until Sunday night. Does not know
whether the answers finally extorted from him were
satisfactory to the inquisitors or not."
" Ex-Provisional Governor James Johnson, the
present collector of the port of Savannah, visited
the fort while the prisoners were there. Heard him
ask Barber who killed Ashburn; said he (Johnson)
knew every one of the damned rascals, and so did he
(Barber.) He denounced Dudley, Chipley, and i)r.
Kirksey, and other prisoners, as damned scoundrels
and assassins, and said they were the leaders ol it."
There is other testimony of the same kind.
It is a shocking history of torture resorted to
for the purpose of acting upon the fears and
sufferings of these poor men, not to get the
confession of their own guilt, but to induce
them to implicate others. Under whose orders
was this thing done? The Senate will find in
the testimony printed by the committee of in-
vestigation in New York, that a man named
Henry C. Whitley, the present chief of the
Government secret service, who sits close to
the ear of the present Secretary of the Treas-
ury in ferreting out crimes against the coun-
terfeiting of the national currency, an infamous
person by his own confession, whose character
was read by my honorable (riend from Missouri
[Mr. Blair] the other day from the testimony,
and as contained in our report, admitted that
he had worked up this Ashburn case; and this
witness, whose testimony 1 have read, fur-
ther disclosed that it was Whitley and his
subordinates who put him in a sweat-box and
pointed a cannon at him to endeavor to get
him, by his fears and sufferings, to implicate
innocent men, that they might be punished for
the muder of Ashburn. Sir, it is a chapter iu
American history utterly disgraceful. It is one
that never could have occurred except in a
period of quasi revolution ; and I mention it
now that the people of the North and the
people of the great West may understand the
character of the Government which the people
of the South have been called upon to respect
and obey. And yet the chairman of the com-
mittee insisted that the Tribune report of that
case, three years old, should be reproduced
and perpetuated here, swelling the bulk of this
testimony. For what purpose? Could it be
any other than to create prejudice and stig-
matize those people? And the practice of
having a preexamination of the witnesses by
the clerk of the committee, and an abstract
made of what they would prove before they
came in the committee-room, -was, of course,
perfectly unfair to those who were to cross-
examine them, and who had no knowledge of
what they had to say. If the witness was
known to have anything favorable to Georgia,
he was not to be called.
Now, let me say something as to that of my
own knowledge. We sat twice a day, our ses-
sions lasting all the time fit for taking testi-
mony. The night, however, was left to us.
During the night I had the opportunity of
mingling freely with the citizens of Atlanta,
with members of the Legislature, and with
representative men of the State. From them
I had the suggestion that I should call a num-
ber of respectable colored men that they
might come forward and prove that there
were peace and security and good feeling
throughout that community, as much so as iu
any other. But it seemed to me it was like
proving a negative. This committee was
there ior the purpose of proving the existence
of outrages ; and more than that, 1 did not
choose to select a great State like Georgia,
rich and strong, and with elements of piide
and strength, direct and indirect, and subject
that State to the testimony and the opinion of
a people so utterly unfit to form a general
opinion, however favorable it might be. There-
fore I declined to summon unintelligent, unin-
formed people; butl said to these gentlemen,
"It you choose to let these people go into the
committee room aud proffer themselves to tell
the truth m regard to the kind treatment they
meet with daily; to the protection still af-
forded them ; to the security which they enjoy
in their persons and in their property, I shall
be very glad of it." I have knowledge that
some of those black men went into that com-
mittee-room, and they were put through this
preexamination by the clerk, and all I can say
is that not one of them was ever suffered to
go before the committee at all. 1 had that
statement made to me by some of the black
men themselves, who were the grateful friends
