4096
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3i;
it requires a two-thirds vote to carry it, and
if it tails, the bill retains its place upon the
Speaker's table.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There is
ixo member from North Carolina now in the
House, and I think the bill had better remain
where it is.
Mr. TYNER. The bill ought to be referred
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. All I ask
is that no vote shall be taken until some mem-
ber from North Carolina comes in.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It cannot pre-
judice the bill to refer it to the proper com-
mittee.
Mr. TYNER. In the absence of the gen-
tlemen from North Carolina, I will not move
to refer the bill.
The bill retained its place upon the Speak-
er's table.
public building at little rock.
The next business on the Speaker's table
■was the bill (8. No. 382J to provide for a
building for the use of the Federal courts,
post otfice, internal revenue and other civil
offices in the city of Little Rock, Arkansas.
The bill was read, ^authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to purchase a site for and
cause to be constructed a suitable building
with fire-proof vault extending to each story,
in the city of Little Ilock, in the State of
Arkansas, for the accommodation of the Uni-
ted States circuit and district courts, post
office, internal revenue, and other Government
offices; and it appropriates, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
the sum of $100,000, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
who shall cause proper plans and estimates to
be made so that no expenditureshall be made
or authorized for the full completion of the
building and payment for the site thereof
beyond the amount appropriated by the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I suggest that
that bill had better take the same course as
the last one.
Mr. SNYDER. I hope the bill will be passed.
Mr. TYNER. If the bill is to pass 1 desire
to offer an amendment.
Mr. SNYDER. I have no objection to an
amendment being offered.
Mr. TYNER." I move to add to the bill the
following:
Provided, That no part of the sum herein appro-
priated shall be used or expended until a valid
title to the site of said building shall be vested in
the United States, and until the State of Arkansas
shall duly release-and relinquish its jurisdiction over
the same, and its right to tax said sue andtheprop-
erty which inny bo thereon daring the tiuio the
United States shall bo or remain tho owner thereof.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill,
as amended, was ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed, two thirds
voting in favor thereof.
marine hospital at vicksbdrg.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 828, to cancel a certain
deed to the United States of America, and the
same was taken up and read a first and second
time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill, which was read, cancels and de-
clares of no effect the deed^ from Thomas
Whaley and Anna Whaley his wife, to the
United States of America, dated February 28,
1856, conveying certain lands in Vicbsburg,
Mississippi, recorded in book three, pages 447
and 448, of the records of deeds in the county
of Warren, Mississippi, and that the United
States of America renounce and disclaim all
right and title to said lands by said deed con-
veyed .
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the rules be
suspended and the bill passed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust there will be some
explanation of this bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will explain it at once.
I have here a letter of the Secretary of the
Treasury. The land was conveyed for a
marine hospital to the United States, but the
United States declined to accept it. I ask
that the letter of the Secretary be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Ttieasury Department,
Washington, D. C„ January 16,1872.
Sie : In compliance with request contained m your
letter of the 8tti instant, I transmit herewith copies
of all the correspondence exhibited by the records
and files of this Department relative to negotiations
with Thomas Wlialey, esq., oi Vicksburg, Mississippi,
to purchase ten acres of ground from him for addi-
tional site for tho United States marine hospital at
that port. The copies inclosed set forth a clear his-
tory of the transaction and state the reason for
which the Department declined to purchase the
property, although a deed therefor had been duly
executed and recorded in the proper office. They
arc as specified in the annexed synopsis.
Very respectfully, GEO. S. BOUTWELL,
Secretary.
Thomas Hood, esq., 1103 F street-, Wuxhinytun, 1). G.
The question was then taken, and (two thirds
voting in lavor thereof) the rules were suspend-
ed, and the bill passed.
bartholomew cousin.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 790, to extend the provis-
ions of an act entitled "An act for the relief
of certain purchasers of land from the legal
representatives of Bartholomew Cousin," ap-
proved February 18,1871; which was taken up
and read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill, which was read, extends for one
year from the expiration thereof the provis-
ions of an act entitled "An act for the relief
of certain purchasers of land from the legal
representatives of Bartholomew Cousin," ap-
proved February 18, 1871.
The rules were suspended, two thirds voliug
in favor thereof, and the bill was passed.
winona and st. peters railroad.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 710, to refund certain duties
paid by the Winona and St. Peters Railroad
Company; which was taken up and read a first
and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides for re-
funding to the Winonaand St. Peters Railroad
Company, in gold, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of $3,424 28, being the additional duties paid
by them on railroad iron under the joint reso-
lution entitled "A joint resolution to increase
temporarily the duties on imports," approved
April 29, 1864.
Mr. HOLMAN. Unless there is some very
satisfactory explanation of this bill, I will move
that it be referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. DUNNELL. I have here the report of
the Senate Committee on Finance, which I
will ask to have read. This bill has passed
the Senate once, and has also once passed the
House.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is there any communica-
tion from the Secretary of the Treasury ?
Mr. DUNNELL. This report has been
shown to the Committee of Way3 and Means
of the House, and there is no objection to
the passage of this bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. This bill does not belong
to the Committee of Ways and Means ; it is
merely a claim against tbe Government.
Mr. DUNNELL. I ask that the report of
the Committee on Finance of the Senate be
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
The Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the Senate bill ^10, entitled "A bill to refund cer-
tain duties paid by the Winona and St. Peters
iiailroad Company,""report:
That the facts in regard to this bill were stated in
a previous report of this committee, which is made a
pajtof this report, and are concurred in, as follows:
The Committee on Finance, to whom was re-
-r> . meE°orial of the Winona and St.
reters Uailroad Company, an incorporation of the
State of Minnesota, have had the same under con-
sideration, and find that this company imported in
the fall of 1863 five hundred tons of railroad iron,
which was landed in New York and shipped for
Milwaukee, under bond to pay the duty then im-
posed by law within sixty days, the time allowed
for its transit. By the usual course of navigation it
should have arrived at Milwaukee that fall; but, by
the early closing of navigation, it was detained at
Oswego. It seems, from the papers on file, that the
company made various efforts to pay the duty, both
at Milwaukee and New York ; but the collector at
each port refused to receive the duties while tbe
iron was in transit. The duty was then $13 50 per
ton. Subsequently, by the joint resolution of April
29, 1864, duties on imported goods were increased
fifty percent, for sixty days, thus imposing a duty
on this iron of $21 25 per ton. while by the general
tariff act, which took effect July 1,1864, the duty on
railroad iron was sixty cents per hundred pounds,
or $13 44 per'ton. The iron arrived at Milwaukee
on the 21st of June, 1864, and, in addition to the
duty imposed by law when the iron arrived in New
York, there was imposed an additional duty under
the joint resolution of the sum oi S3,424 20, which
sum was paid by the petitioners under protest.
"Your committee are of opinion that the addi-
tional duty provided for by the joint resolution of
April 29,1864, was not applicable to goods actually
in transitu within the United States and under bonds
providing for the payment of the specific rate of
duty then imposed by law. At all events, your
committee think it inequitable upon the facts stated
to exact the increased duty when the importation
was complete before the passage of the joint resolu-
tion, and when parties interested had tendered the
duties imposed by law and wero guilty of no laches."
The committee recommend the passage of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. That statement is clear
enough. If the chaijman of the Committee
of Ways and Means [Mr. Dawes] has had
occasion to examine this bill, and will say that
he believes this money should be refunded,
and that it was improperly charged, of course
I will have no objection.
Mr. DAWES. I do not know that the
Committee ofWaysand Meanshave examined
this bill. I have examined it personally, and
there did not seem to me to be any ground for
us to exact this money of these parties.
Mr. DUNNELL. I move that the rules be
suspended and the bill passed.
The question was taken; and (two thirds
voting in favor thereof) the rules were sus-
pended, and the bill was passed.
marine hospital, san francisco.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 855, to provide for the
sale of the marine hospital and grounds at San
Francisco; and the same was taken up, and
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury to sell for the best
price that can be obtained, after due notice,
the United States marine hospital and grounds
at Rincon point, San Francisco, California,
and on due payment to make, execute, and
deliver to the purchaser or purchasers thereof
all the rights and title thereto belonging to the
United States, and the proceeds of such sale,
after dpdn'et.mg the necessary expenses, shall
be paid into the Treasury of the United
States.
Mr. _ SARGENT. A bill embodying this
provision, in connection with one for the erec-
tion of a pavilion hospital on Angel Island,
has passed the House. I suppose there is no
objection to the passage of this bill, as the
other bill has not yet passed the Senate. I
move that the rules be suspended and the bill
passed.
The question was taken ; and (two thirds
voting in favor thereof) the rules were sus-
pended, and the bill was passed.
st. clair plats canal.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 345) for deepening St.
Clair Flats canal to sixteen feet.
The bill was read.
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me that this
bill ought to be considered by the Committee
on Commerce. I move its reference to that
committee.
The motion was agreed to.
