1408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
Now, the object of the gentleman, it seems
to me, would be best accomplished by an
amendment, to tlie general appropriation bill
providing that annuities shall bo paid directly
to the Indians and not to any agent; but even
that, I fear, would fail to accomplish his pur-
pose.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I do not
kuoW if the amendment I have offered will
meet the case. It was the best I could think
of at the moment. The gentleman from Cal-
ifornia Is very well aware that the Indian in
fflatjy eases is Very much defrauded and wronged
by white men, and I have felt that it is a shame
to our country and to the Government that
these people are not more fully protected in
their rights against the arrows of our own races
I offer this amendment hoping that it will have
some effect in curing this evil. I am aware
that in this case of General Blunt the Indians
received the money, and afterward gave him
his share atid other pftrties their share. I do
not know that this amendment will reach the
case; but if members think it will do any good
in respect to protecting the Indians 'I hope it
will be adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted
upon the pending amendment.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I move that the
committee now rise.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope not.
Let us go on with this bill.
Mr. SARGENT. Let the vote be taken upon
the amendment of the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. McCormiok.] 1 will not oppose it.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. Very well; I will
withdraw my motion lor the present.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment moved by Mr. McCohmiok, of Missouri,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. HANKS. 1 move that the committee
now rise.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Allow me to
make a single statement. There is an appro-
priation in this bill of $1,000,000, which we
have not yet reached, to carry on the courts
of the United States. This morning I received
a letter from the Attorney General in which he
writes that in two or three days their money
will be exhausted, and the courts will have to
adjourn. There is not. enough Money to carry
on the general judicial busincssof the Govern-
ment, to pay for the subpeiiaing of witnesses,
&c., unless this bill shall pass. It is for that
reaBOii I have been so urgent as to take even
Monday for the consideration of this bill.
Mr. HANKS. I insist upon my motion.
The question Was taken upon the motion
that the committee rise ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 48, noes 8!>.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HANKS called for tellers.
The question Was taken upon ordering tell-
ers; and there Were—twenty-six in the affirm-
ative.
So (the affirmative being one fifth of a quo-
rum) tellers were ordered; and Mr. Garfield,
of Ohio, and Mr. Hanks, were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes thirty-nine,
noes not counted.
So the motion that the committee i'ise was
not agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
That the Seor&tary of the Interior be, and he
hereby is, authorized to expend, for theromoval of
Chippewa Indians to the White Earth lake reser-
vation, in Minnesota, for their subsistence for six
months after their removal, and for improvements
on said reservation, the unexpended balanee of
appropriations heretofore made for such removal,
subsistence, &e., and now on the books of the Treas-
ury Department, amounting in the aggregate to
$57,079 44.
Mr. HANKS. I move to strike out the
paragraph just read, in order to obtain more
information from the Com mittee on Appropria-
tions on the subject. I understand that a former
appropriation has been expended in behalf of
these Indians, and that the report of the De-
partment shows that they have actually been
removed to this White Earth lake reservation.
1 am informed that the fact is that about one
thousand of these Indians remain off the res-
ervation. Now, to place them on the reserva-
tion will take perhaps one third of the amount
here proposed, and it can be done within two
or three days' time.
Mr. SARGENT. I did not hear fully the re-
marks of the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr.
Hanks,] but I will explain in a few words the
necessity of this item of appropriation. The
amount here asked to be reappropriated was ap-
propriated heretofore, together with a larger
amount; but before the removal of these In-
dians was effected this portion of the appro-
priation was covered into the Treasury by law.
At that time there was an unwillingness mani-
fested on the part of some of these Indians to be
removed to this reservation, but since then they
have consented to the removal. In Executive
Document No. 183 will be found a calculation
of the amount it is estimated it will cost per
capita to remove these Indians. They are now
roaming, and a terror to the people of the coun-
try they infest. They are represented as being
vagabonds in their nature, as being unruly,
and as frightening women and children left
unprotected.^ They are now willing to go on
this reservation, and to remain upon it, where
they can to some extent be civilized, or at any
rate where they can be controlled. ' This
amount Was appropriated and then covered
into the Treasury, and it is now asked that it
be reappropriated.
Mr. HANKS. Does not the report of the
Indian agent show that these Indians have
been removed to this reservation ?
Mr. SARGENT. It does not.
Mr. HANKS. I so understand it.
Mr. SARGENT. It shows that a portion
of them have been removed.
Mr. BOLES. The Committee on Indian
Affairs have had this matter brought to their
attention by the Secretary of the Treasury,
and after a full and thorough investigation of
the case the committee unanimously instructed
me to report a special bill for this purpose.
Since the fact has been brought to our notice
that the Committee on Appropriations had
incorporated it in this bill, I have been in-
structed by the Committee on Indian Affairs
to make a statement in favor of this appropri-
ation should any objection be made to it.
Mr. HANKS. Upon that explanation I
will withdraw my motion to strike out this
paragraph.
The Clerk read as follows:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
nccossary for tlio subsistence of tho Arickaree, Crros
Ventro, and Mandan Indians, at Fort Bertho Id
agonoy. Dakota, during the remainder of tho pres-
ent fiscal yoar, $40,000.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend by in-
serting after the word "subsistence," in the
paragraph just read, the words " civilization
and care."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, for the subsistenco of the Indians at the
Milk River agency, m Montana (including eight
thousand Sioux now collected at that place) for the
iiseat year ending June 30,1872, $100,000.
Mr. SARGENT. I move' to amend by
inserting after the paragraph just read the
following:
For this amount, to be expended under the direc-
tion of tho Secretary of the Interior, in providing
subsistence and clothing for the Osage Indians and
aiding them in establishing themselves in their now
homes, to bo reimbursed to the United States from
the interest on the net proceeds of the sale of their
lands m Kansas, as provided by the second article
of tho treaty with the Great and Little Usages of
September 29, 1865, and the twelfth section of the
act of July 15,1870, $50,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, SHANKS. I move to amend by adding
after the amendment just adopted the follow-
ing:
Provided, That no person shall receive any part
of the money appropriated by this aet for any ser-
vices or pretended services as attorney, counselor,
or agent for any tribe, or Indian, or Indians, for
whom any part of these appropriations are made.
Any person violating this provision shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be fined in double
the amount so received.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Shanks,] who offers this amend-
ment, is chairman of the Committee Oil Indian
Affairs. If he has any plaii of this kind to
suggest I hope he will suggest its insertion
where it will do some good. There is nothing
in this bill to which this amendment can attach
unless it is a single item for the Seneca In-
dians. The general Indian appropriation bill,
appropriating between five and six million dol-
lars, passed through here; and although it
contained annuity after annuity, for tribe after
tribe, the gentleman did not propose his amend-
ment to that bill where it would have been of
some value. But upon this bill, containing a
single Indian appropriation of $12,000 for the
Senecas, this amendment is offered. It is
entirely useless as a provision of this bill.
The bill contains nothing which it can affect.
I hope that the gentleman will withdraw it,
aud report from his committee some proposi-
tion which may be a rule hereafter to govern
the Departments, or else I hope the amend-
ment will be voted down.
Mr. SHANKS. Mr. Chairman, I shall not
withdraw this amendment. If there is an ap-
propriation of $12,000 in this bill let us guard
it as it should be guarded. I do not see why
the gentleman should make this sort of asper-
sion upon me, or why he should assail me for
offering this amendment. I have offered it
in good faith; and I shall continue to offer
amendments of this kind wherever I find these
appropriations. I hope that the gentleman
will not insist that a guard should not be
thrown around this appropriation of $12,000,
because in other bills there have been appro-
priations of larger amounts which have not
been thus guarded. If the gentleman cares
for the men for whof-3 benefit we are making
these Indian appropriations, it was his busi-
ness, when he had under his management the
Indian appropriation bill, to see that these
appropriations were properly guarded. Why
did ho not do so? I did not wish to interfere
with the affairs of another committee; and I
withheld my hand. No provision of this kind
was then adopted, and 1 am now assailed for
making the proposition at the present time.
Sir, it was his place to guard this Indian fund
when he was reporting and managing the In-
diau appropriation bill. I shall not withdraw
my amendment. Let the House, if it thinks
best, vote it down.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman is unduly
sensitive. In the first place, I did not assail
him at all. I simply endeavored to show the
folly of his amendment. He asks why the
Committee on Appropriations did not in the
Indian appropriation bill report a provision
of this kind. Sir, it was not our place to do
so. We receive certain estimates as our guide
in reporting appropriations; and under the
rules of the House we are forbidden to report
any qualifying elauses. .Whenever anything
of that kind is attempted, some gentleman
objects that it interferes with the business of
his committee, and for that or some other
reason the clause is ruled out. I am tired of
that kind of legislation.
We now have under consideration a defi-
ciency bill containing, as I have said, nothing
to which this amendment can apply except a
single item; and now the gentleman from In-
diana, whose sense of duty did not impel him
to offer such an amendment when we had under
consideration a bill appropriating five or six
million dollars for the Indians, proposes this
amendment. ^ If the gentleman's proposition
were offered in a shape indorsed by his com-
mittee as a plan that would meet the existing
difficulty, I do not believe the House would
disagree to it. But when the attempt is made
