1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
42d Cong 2d Sess.
Extension of Ku Klux Act—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
of the white people of Georgia', so unjustly
maligned and attacked by another class of
worthless people, against whom the Legislature
protested.
Yes, Mr. President, Georgia is a great and
powerful State. She numbers within her bor-
ders a million and a quarter of population.
There are one hundred and forty-three coun-
ties in that State. She has wealth, mineral
and agricultural, soil in every variety, and in
abundance. She has every element of being
what her sons have called her, "the Empire
State of the South."
It occurred to me that -while this crowd of
ignorant, prejudiced, unreliable witnesses were
being summoned to detail their individual
wrongs and to let the false presumption be
drawn that theirs was a true history and a true
specimen of the government of the State, it
would be well to show the people of the North
what the people of Georgia had been doing,
and let the condition of the State herself prove
the falsity of these charges, that riot and law-
lessness had been prevalent throughout her
borders.
If a traveler passes by a well-kept, well-
ordered homestead, if he sees fertile fields
carefully tilled, neat fences, the rich farm-yard
and stock-yard filled with the crops, every out-
ward sign of prosperity and comfort and thrift
and industry, what does he necessarily and
naturally presume the proprietor of that farm
to be? A worthless and dissipated man, spend-
ing his time at the dice-box and the dram-
shop? No, sir. He knows that thrift is the
best answer to all this ; that the care and the
very appearance of the homestead, its neat-
ness, its frugality, its success, show at least
that the owner had been industrious, that he
has attended to his business, and that he has
been laborious in producing this state of things.
J ust so of the great State of Georgia. There
was through the bosom of that State a track
of terriole desolation. The city of Atlanta,
where we spent three weeks, lay in 1805 a
trackless heap of ashes, through which the
very ancient pathways of the streets could not
be lound. A man on foot or horseback could
not have forced himself over the ground plan
of that town. That was in 1865, and it was
among a people utterly impoverished by the
sweeping away of all their currency, of all
their funded debt, their property of almost
every nature, and reduced by war to a very
great extremity.
And yet, sir, in a few years what did we
find? We entered a town that was humming
with industry. We found every mail at work.
We found labor honored and respected. We
found the sons of rich planters doing the work
of mechanics. Well-born ladies were at the
wash-tub. Labor was honored by the people
and followed. They had taken heart of grace.
They had not stopped to look back at their
misfortunes. They had honestly and vigor-
ously applied themselves to building up their
'homes and their State. That had been their
occupation; not the oppression of the poor,
not the driving out of the labor which they
needed, and needed so sorely, and which had
become so disorganized as the result of the
revolution.
That was the appearance of Georgia ; that
was her history; and it seemed to me if I
could bring before the minds of the Senate
and the people of the North the true picture
of the industry, the thrift, the hard labor of
that State, it would be the best answer to all
these foul calumnies and lies, that her people
spend their days and nights in harassing,
hunting, destroying the poor _ negroes, whose
labor was essential to them in their agricul-
tural pursuits; and so I looked around for a
gentleman who was competent to give such
testimony and found him. At page 828 ot the
econd volume of the Georgia testimony will
be found the testimony of Charles Wallace
Howard, portions of which I ask the Clerk
to read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
"Question. What was your profession?
"Answer. I was a Presbyterian minister, for
twenty-five years in the active discharge of the
duty of pastor of the French Protestant Huguenot
church in Charleston. My health failed, and X left
the active duties of that position.
"Question. Have you been officially connected
with the agricultural societies of this State?
"Answer. Yes, sir; for twenty years. I am now
the vice president of the State Agricultural Sooiety
from our congressional district, thesevonth district.
"Question. In that way you lmve attended the
conventions of an agricultural character throughout
the State, and given the subjeot your attention ?
"Answer. Very closoly indeed; perhaps more so
than any other person in the State.
"Question. Supposing you would have very valu-
able information, my desire is to obtain from you a
statement of facts connected with the industrial
development of Georgia since the close of the war,
and to learn how your people had been occupied,
and the results of their industry in rehabilitating
the material condition of your State from the deso-
lations of the war and tho disorders of society grow-
ing out of the revolution through which the State
has passed.
"Answer. I would prefer you would take up those
topics seriatim, as you wish information upon them.
I can speak of the agricultural advancement of the
State. " .
"Question. Very well; state what is.her present
agricultur.il condition as compared with that of
three or live years ago, and the progress made in
that direction?
"Answer. It has been very wonderful. Directly
after the war we wero destitute of livo stock and
money, and of course we were despondent. Soon
after the close of the war our society met in conven-
tion at Macon, and we determined to do all wo could
to resuscitate the lost fortunes of tho Stato. It com-
menced from that beginning, held its fairs, and now
there are more than one hundred organized agricul-
tural societies in the State. In tho convention held at
Koine, in the month of August last, they were repre-
sented by four hundred delegates, embracing the
moral and intellectual wealth of tho State. _ A finer
body of men I have never seen assembled m Geor-
gia, without an exception. As a result of those
efforts the agriculture of the Stato has been very
greatly unproved, and I think it is now in a better
condition than it ever was before, even previous to
the war. In the section in which I live, whie|i is tho
portion of tho State northwest of this region, in tho
limestone portion of Georgia, there is now nothing
visible but the scars of the war. As an illustra-
tion I will state that one single house in the little
village of Cartersville sold last winter &5,000 worth
of clover-sced, in a region where clover was never
grown botore the war. And seedsmen in this place
during the past two weeks have been selling from
sixty to seventy-five dollars' worth of grass-seed a
day. I mention this fact because it is to us a new
industry. It was generally understood thatgrftsses,
which are tho basis of nil good husbandry, would
not grow in the South. If the rest of tho fotato is
suffering for the want of money, iu that section it is
comfortable to say that while they have not much
motley, they are not in debt. It has been found
that clover and other grasses will grow in this sec-
tion of middle Georgia, and they aio being very ex-
tensively cultivated. In what is called the cotton
belt the drawback is the uncertainty and unrelia-
bility of the labor we have to employ. Yet even
with that the tuobt extraordinary results have been
produced, and produced largely, I think, from the
very indomitable energy of the people, who are not
disposed at all to whine over the past, but to msike
the best ot their situation. While fully one halt ot
the labor that we employed before the war is not
now available  .
" Question. What part of the labor is that I
"Arnwer. I refer to women who will not work.
Question. Negro women?
"Anviver. Negro women who will not work, and
the great number of negro men who haveconcen-
tratedin thecities. Womcnnow will not, to,a great
extent, pick cotton, which i* a woman's work; they
have the idea that, *inee their emancipation, they
should live very much like ladies, and consequently
they will merely take care ot their own households
and do bat, little or no work out of doors. Yet not-
withstanding that, the cotton crop of hist year was
an enormously large one, even with these disadvan-
tages of labor. I «tc<*ount tor that, as J. havcsaiu.
by tho resolution of the people, the use of improved
implements ot agriculture, which have been largely
bought, and the great expenditure ot money tor
f'eitilizers. Last, year the State of Ueorgia ex-
pended $10,000 000 in commercial manures, one
fifth ot the whole amount expended by Great Britain
for manures. The statement was made m my paper
and doubted, but I obtained the certificate ot the
superintendent of the State of commercial manures,
which gave me the details of that fact, which is a
very astonishing one. ,
" Question. Is the area of cultivation increasing, or
is there a more perfect cultivation of tho land?
"Answer. It is lessening rather than increasing,
but the cultivation of that which is under the plow
is very much improved.
44 Question. It is an improved cultivation, and hot
a more extended one?
"Ansioer. Decidedly. I have never known aperiod
in the history of our State when so profound an
interest was felt in the improvement of the soil as
at present. At our convention at Rome; which I
say was one of remarkable interest, there was noth-
ing said about State or national politics, nothing in
reference to the causes which have given so much
disquietude. The one instance of a reference to our
vexed condition was this: a resolution was intro-
duced requesting the Legislature to make a failure
to perform the contract on thepart of farm laborers a
misdemeanor. Farmers have suffered very much in
consequence of negro men making contracts for the
year, and in the midst of the contract getting angry
for some cause, just or unjust and leaving. That has
been attended by very great embarrassments. That
resolution was instantly voted down in the conven-
tion, on tho ground that it was not just to the negro.
That was the only allusion during the session of that
body, and showed tho spirit of that body to deal
even-handed justice to the negroes.
" Question, In this development are you encour-
aged by the presence of citizens of the North who
have settled among you and become efficient mem-
bers of your community ?
44 Answer. Yes, sir, to a certain extent; not nearly
so much, however, as we could wish.
" Question. Is it then the desire of your people
that men should oome from the North and incor-
porate themselves with your community and assist
you in these matters ?
44 Answer. Yes, sir; I may mention as an illustra-
tion that in Morgan county, in this State, there are
now between forty and fitty northern families, who
have moved there since the war. The leader of that
movoment, Captain True, was a Federal officer
during the war. and served with Shorman during
his campaign. He and his associates, quiet citizens,
came here. They came to mend their fortunes; to
avail themselves of the soil, climate, and products
of Georgia. They have been cordially received, and
Captain True was made a member of the executive
committee of the State Agricultural Society, and is
as much honoied as any member of that body. It
there has been any unpleasantness at all there I
have never heard of it. I have received assurances
from a number of those gentlemen that they could
not have been more kindly or respectfully treated
anywhere at home. Our people do not ask where a
man comes from, if he comes into our community
and is quiet. You will find rude men everywhere.
" Question. And intolerant men everywhere?
44 Answer, Yes, sir."
Mr. BAYARD. To those who desire to
know more of the feeling pervading the State
of Georgia among her best and most culti-
vated people in relation to the great changes
that have been worked in her social system
by the dislocation and destruction of her old
system of labor, to those who wish to know
the South as she is and her true condition,
and who wish to think well of her and respect
that people, 1 commend the reading of the
whole of the Rev. Mr. Howard's testimony as
contained in that volume. It was most hon-
orable to his head and his heart; and I do
not think any clear-minded man can read the
testimony of that gentleman without a sincere
feeling of respect f or him and of good will for
a community which honors and elevates such
men as he is.
But, sir, there was another rather significant
fact. We went to Georgia to examine the
general condition of the State, to know some-
thing of her people, their tone, tjieir tastes,
and we were met everywhere, not only indi-
vidually, but as a committee, officially, with
the most constant hospitality and respect. A
county fair exhibiting the products and con-
dition of the county of Decatur was held near
where we were, and a polite invitation to
attend it immediately awaited us. It was
declined.
A State fair was held at Macon, at which
people from all parts of the State attended. I
do not know the precise fact as to numbers,
but 1 am informed that some twenty-five thou-
sand people congregated at that place froip all
parts of Georgia. There were to be seen the
products of her soil and the proofs of the in-
ventive genius of her sons. If you want to know
something of Russia, I am told by those for-
tunate persons who have had the benefit of
European travel, you must go to the great fair
