1410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 5.
By Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri: The
petition of A. W. Banks, asking relief for pub-
lishers and dealers in newspapers.
By Mr. McCRARY : The petition of Smith,
Hamell & Co. and other merchants of Keokuk,
Iowa, praying that in case a law be passed
abolishing or reducing the fluty on tea and
coffee at least ninety days' time be given be-
fore the same shall take effect.
Also, a joint resolution of the General As-
sembly of Iowa, asking Congress to pass a
law granting one hundred and sixty acres of
land to honorably discharged soldiers and sail-
ors of the war of the rebellion.
Also, a remonstrance of numerous citizens
of Lee county, Iowa, against the proposed
religious amendment to the Constitution of
the United States.
By Mr. MERCUR: The memorial of Holmes
Sells, asking compensation for property taken
and used by the Army of the United Slates
during the late rebellion, together with the evi-
dence in support of the same.
By Mr. MONROE: The petition of John
Zimmermanandl7 othei'S, citizensof Wooster,
Ohio, praying for the removal of the t'ix nnon
gas light..
By Mr. RAINEY: The memorial < f 11.o
Charleston Chamber of Commerce, relating
to the improvement of the bar and harbor of
Charleston, South Carolina.
By Mr. RANDALL: A petition of 110
officers and soldiers, askingadditional bounty.
Also, a remonstrance against the passage of
any international copyright law, from Messrs.
John Fagan & Co. and their workmen, em-
bracing 43 persons.
Also, the petition of Messrs. T. and J. W.
Johnson & Co., law booksellers, of Philadel-
phia, and their employes, against any inter-
national copyright law.
Also, a petition for the same purpose from
23 persons engaged in the paper trade of the
city of Philadelphia.
Also, the petition of Emanuel Coryell, guard-
ian of the minor children of Joseph B. Cor-
yell, late a soldier in company F, twenty-sixth
regiment Pennsylvania volunteers.
By Mr. E. H. ROBERTS : A petition of citi-
zens of Rome, New York, (or time before the
reduction of the duties on tea and coffee.
By Mr. SHERWOOD : The petition of Rob-
ert Barker and 97 others, workers in various
industries, citizens of Lock Haven, Clinton
county, Pennsylvania, praying for repeal of
the duties on tea, coffee, and such other arti-
cles as cannot be produced in the United
. States, and remonstrating against any change
in the duties on articles which can bo success-
fully produced in this country.
By Mr. SHOEMAKER: The petition of C.
M. Brunow and 84 others-, Citizens of Pennsyl-
vania and late soldiers ot the Army, praying
for the passage of an act giving $8 33J per
month for the entire time served, deducting
all Government bounty paid; also asking that
the twenty-fifth section of the act of July 15,
1870, bo so amended as to allow bounty land
to honorably discharged soldiers without the
requirements of settlement and cultivation.
Also, the remonstrance of R. T, Wood and
73 others, citizens of Dakota Territory, against
the passage of an act dividing the Springfield
land district into two land districts.
By Mr. SLOSS: The petition of Messrs.
Nelson & Tanner, publishers of the Athens
Post, a newspaper published in Athens, Ala-
bama, asking for legislation upon the subject of
posiage on papers printed on one side.
By Mr. 8PEER, of Georgia: The petition
of Waring Russell, of Chatham county, Geor-
gia, asking the removal of his political dis-
abilities.
By Mr. SUTHERLAND: A petition of
1,009 residents of Marquette county, Michi-
gan, in favor of protection to American labor.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of George
McKee tor relief.
By Mr. WALDEN : The petition of E. M.
Day, of the Brooklyn (I'owa) Journal, in regard
to the transmission of printed matter through
the mails.
Also, the petition ©f Edwin T. Parker for a
pension.
By Mr. WALDR0N: The petition ofE. D.
Richmond, of Detroit, Michigan, praying com-
pensation for property destroyed by Union
forces at Paducah, Kentucky.
post route bill introduced.
The following was introduced under the rule,
and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads:
By Mr. KING: A bill to establish a post
road from O'Fallon to Wellsburg, thence to
Chain of Rocks, thence to Old Monroe, in
St. Charles and Lincoln counties, Missouri.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 5, 1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man', t). D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
raid and approved.
charges against kansas senators.
Mr. CALDWELL. I ask the indulgence
of the Senate for a very few words of a per-
sonal nature.
The ^ VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas desires to make a personal state-
ment brief in its character. Is there objec-
tion? The Chair hears none.
Mr. CALDWELL. Mr. President, the Sen-
ate and the country are advised of the fact that
the Legislature of Kansas, which has recently
adjourned, has been engaged in the investiga-
tion of charges of bribery and corruption in
the senatorial elections of 1807 and 1871, pre-
ferred against my colleague and myself. It is
quite as well understood, I suppose, that this
proceeding has been entirely ex parte. A com-
mittee of the Legislature has made its report,
and that report has been widely circulated. I
have not yet seen the so-called "testimony,"
but have positive assurance that it is not pre-
tended to have been established that any mem-
ber of the Legislature of 1871 was bribed to
vote for me.
Mr. President, this ex parte report, insti-
gated by malice and designed to subserve a
political purpose, has received no legislative
sanction. The Senate of my Slate pointedly
refused even to send the report and testimony
here for the information of this body, while
the House as pointedly refused to request this
body to order an investigation. Indeed, the
pretended "testimony" has not yet been
printed, and it was never read in either house.
But, sir, in a matter of this kind I am not
disposed to stand upon forms. My character
has been unjustly, cruelly, outrageously as-
sailed. The foulest scandals of the street
have been gathered up and scattered broadcast
over the country. I simply desire to say to
the Senate now that I shrink from no scrutiny.
Sir, I hurl back these charges with scorn and
indignation, and I have nothing but contempt
for the moan, mercenary, and despicable mo-
tives which prompted them. No living man
can confront me and say that I have ever
done aught, to warrant, these assaults.
Mr. President, I make these remarks now
because my silence might be misconstrued.
When this report and testimony shall have
been received I shall promptly bring it to the
attention of the Senate, and shall ask such
action as may be necessary and proper. At
some future time also I shall claim the_ in-
dulgence of the Senate to enable me to expose
this outrage as it deserves. Until that time I
think it not too much to ask that I shall notbe
judged upon a malicious report, prepared by
men who are my bitter enemies, which, I am
given to understand, finds little justification
even in the hearsay evidence collected, and
which is notoriously designed for use in a
political campaign now imminent in my State.
This, Mr. President, is all that I deem it
proper for me to say at this time. I have much
to say, however, in vindication of myself upon
this subject, which, as I have already stated, I
shall take the earliest opportunity that is offered
of doing.
Mr. POMEROY. Lest my silence might
be misconstrued, I desire, Mr. President, to
say that I have been waiting some time for
some communication from the Legislature of
my State. I ask the Vice President if he has
received any, as there was a notice that some-
thing was to be sent to the Vice President?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
received nothing from the Legislature of Kan-
sas, or from any officer of the State of Kansas,
in regard to either of the two Senators.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I will say nothing
in regard to the .merits of this question, as it
relates to a political controversy in my own
State; but I will ask for the adoption of the
following resolution:
Resolved, That all papers and communications
relating to the election of Senators in the State of
Kansas in the years 3867 and 1871 be referred to the
Committee on Privileges and Elections, and that
they be directed to report to the Senate after exam-
ination what action, if any, should be taken by the
Senators from that State in relation thereto, or by
the Senate.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of this res-
olution?
Mr. COLE. There are no papers here yet.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes; I have some papers
to present if the resolution should be adopted.
I have here all that has appeared in the news-
papers on the subject. I have got the report
of the committee of the Legislature as pub-
lished in the newspapers and as sent to me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
first ascertain if there is objection to the present
consideration of the resolution. If there is
none, it is before the Senate by unanimous
consent.
Mr. THURMAN. I only wish to make this
suggestion to the mover of the resolution, that
he strike out that part of it which asks the
committee to advise the Senators what they
ought to do. The committee can advise the
Senate what in the opinion of the committee
it ought to do, but it is no part of the province
of that committee to advise Senators what
they ought to do.
Mr. POMEROY. T his is a matter personal
to myself and my colleague, and I thought  
Mr. THURMAN. I appieciate the motive,
but really it would not be pioper.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 know it would be a
re kef to me if the committee were to advise
us on the subject.
Mr. THURMAN. It would be an improper
precedent. The committee cannot take the
character of the Senator in charge and advise
him what to do or what not to do. It can only
advise the Senate what to do. I suggest, there-
fore, that it is not only an unusual, but an
unprecedented thing.
Mr. POMEROY. If it will make it any
more palatable to my friend, I have not the
least objection to striking out that portion of
the resolution.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope it will be stricken
out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio moves to amend the resolution so
as to provide that the committee shall report
" what action should betaken by the Senate in
relation thereto."
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the resolution as modified.
The resolution as modified was adopted.
