1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2307
double eagles, five hundred eagles, oue thou-
sand half eagles, two thousand quarter eagles,
or on one thousand three-dollar pieces oroae-
dollar pieces. While a liberal deviation is
allowed on the single pieces, it is not intended
that the coiner shall take advantage of it, but
that he shall make the coins as near to stand-
ard as possible ; and when so made, a portion
of them will be exactly of standard weight;
others may be above and some below, but the
number of pieces required to be weighed to-
gether must give an average not below the
prescribed allowance of one hundredth of an
ounce, equal to eighteen and six tenths cents.
The weighing in quantities is intended to insure
the more correct, adjustment of single pieces ;
for example, while the weight of any single
half eagle cannot b6 below a quarter of a grain,
(equal'to $9 68 in one thousand,) the weight
of oue thousand half eagles weighed together
must not be below eighteen and six tenths
cents. The limit fixed in this section is in
accordance with the present practice in the
operations of the Mint.
Section thirty-eight prescribes the deviation
of the weight in the silver coinage. On the
dollar and half dollar it is the same as under
existing laws, but is increased on the quarter
dollar and dime from one grain on the former
and a half gram on the latter to one and a
half grains for both pieces. This increase is
to obviate the expense and delay of a nicer
adjustment by hand of each single piece of
such value. The section prescribes the devi-
ation when weighed in quantities, as in the
case of gold cuius, but is more liberal as the
metal is of lu:ss value.
Section thirty nine prescribes the deviation
in the weight of single pieces of the minor
coinage.
Section forty regulates the mode of deliver-
ing coin by the coiner to the superintendent,
(instead of the Treasurer,) and provides for
remelting the coins whieh prove to be below
the legal limits of standard weight.
Section forty-one is a reenactment of exist-
ing laws iu regard to the l'pyx," the super-
intendent performing the duty heretofore
imposed on the Treasurer. It also provides
that other pieces than those reserved for the
annual tiial ot the coinage may be taken for
suih lests as the Director of the Mint shall
prescribe.
Sections forty-two, forty-three, forty-four,
and forty-five are substantially reenactments
of existing laws m regard to the clippings
and other portions of bullion remaining after
the process of coining; and the annual set-
tlements of the accounts of the coiner and of
the meiter and refiner for the bullion or metal
delivered to them are required to be more
thorough in their details than under the pres-
ent laws. The allowance for wastage of the
precious metals is reduced, the improvements
in refining and coining having rendered the past
allowance lor wastage too large, the wastage ac-
tually incurred, as shown by the Mint accounts,
being considerably within the limits prescribed
in this act. The superintendent is required
at the close of the annual settlement to for-
ward a correct statement of his balance-sheet
to the Director of the Mint, whose duty will
be to compare the total amount of gold aud
silver bullion and coin on hand with the total
liabilities of the Mint, and to examine the
ordinary expense accounts. These amend-
ments to the existing- laws are believed to be
important and valuable by securing a more
careful scrutiny of all the Mint accounts.
Section forty-six reenacts existing laws re-
quiring deposits of bullion to be paid in the
order in which they are brought to the Mint;
but provides that when there is a delay in
manufacturing a refractory deposit, or for any
other unavoidable cause, the payment of sub-
sequent deposi'ors shall not thereby be delayed.
Section forty-seven is a reenactment of
existing provisions of law authorizing the ex-
change ai any of the mints of imparted bullion
for fine bars, on such terms and conditions as
the Director of the Mint may prescribe, with
the approval of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury.
Section forty-eight continues the present
provision for keeping a fund at the mints and
at the assay office in New York, known as a
bullion fund, out of which the deposits of bul-
lion may be paid as soon as practicable after
the value of the deposits is ascertained.
Section forty-nine contains the present pro-
visions for the assay commission, and the
annual trial of the coinage, except that it dis-
continues the collector of the port of Phila-
delphia aud the United States district attor-
ney for the eastern district of Pennsylvania as
ex officio members of the commission, substi-
tuting for them the assayer of the assay office
at New York, for the purpose of secuiing the
services of a disinterested practical assayer at
the trial of the coinage.
Sections fifty aud fifty-one are a reenactment
of existing laws in relation to the standard
troy pound weight of the United States, and
the testing annually of its accuracy m the pres
ence of the assay commission ; making it also
the duty of the Director of the Mint to procure
for each mint and assay office a series of stand-
ard weights corresponding to the troy pound,
and the subdivisions and multiples thereof,
from the one hundredth part of a grain to
twenty-five pounds; and requiring that the
troy weights used at the mints and assay offices
shall be regulated according to the above
standard at least once iu every year, under
the inspection o!' the superintendent and the
assayer.
Section fifty-two requires the working dies
at each mint to be defaced and destroyed
annually, which is now done as a matter of
regulation only; but a legal provision lor it
seems necessary for the protection of the coin-
age, as in case of an accumulation of old dies
they might possibly be stolen from the Mint
and used for fraudulent purposes.
Sectio# fifty-three provides that dies of a
national character may be executed by the
engraver, and national and other medals struck
by the coiner at the Mint in Philadelphia,
under regulations prescribed by the superin-
tendent, with the approval of the Director of
the Mint, but prohibits the preparation of pri-
vate medal dies or the use of the machinery of
the Mint for private dies. It seems just to
exclude the preparation of piivate medal dies
at the Mint, so as not to interfere with the
legitimate business of private artists.
Section fifty-four requires that ail money
arising from the deductions and charges on
silver bullion, the minor coinage, the manu-
facture of medals, and all other sources, be
paid into the Treasury of the Unitei States, and
no part of it expended on salaries or wages,
which shall be paid from specific appropria-
tions made by Congress on estimates furnished
by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Sections fifty-five, fifty-six, and fifty-seven
contain Ihe provisions of existing laws in rela-
tion to the assay offices at New York, except
that the office of superintendent, assayer, and
meiter and refiner, who have heretofore been
appointed and their salaries fixed by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, are hereafter to be
appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate. Their sala-
ries are not changed, but are established by
law. The consolidation of the offices of super-
intendent and treasurer necessarily abolishes
the office of deputy treasurer.
Sections fifty-eight, fifty-nine, sixty, and
sixty-one, confine the business of the assay
offices at Denver, Boise City, and all other
assay offices that may be hereafter established,
to the receipt of gold and silver bullion, aad
the melting, assaying, and return of said bul-
lion in bars, with the weight and fineness
stamped thereoo. to the depositor; and pro-
vides that Ihe officers shall consist of an as-
sayer, who shall have charge of the office, an i
a meiter, both to be appointed by the Presi-
dent, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate; and the assayer is authorized to
employ as many clerks and workmen, under
the direction of the Director of the Mint, as
may be provided for by law. A few years
since, the office of superintendent at the Den-
ver assay office was abolished, and the duties
he had performed devolved on the assayer.
The change-proved advantageous, and the plan
of having but two officers, the assayer and the
meiter, is adopted in this bill for the assay
office at Bois6 City, and all other assay office's
that may be hereafter established. The sala-
ries provided, the oaths to be taken, and the
bonds to be given, are the same asunder exist-
ing laws. It is also provided that the assayer
shall discharge the duties of disbursing agents
for the payment of the expenses of the respect-
ive assay offices.
All the provisions of this bill for the regula-
tion of the mints, and for the government of
the officers and persons employed therein, and
for the punishment of all offenses, are made,
applicable to aud declared to be in full force
in relation to the assay offices, so far as the
same may be applicable thereto. And the
general direction of' the business of the assay
offices is placed under the control of the
Director of the Mint, subject to the approval
of the Secretary of the Treasury. The Director
of the Mint is also required to prescribe such
regulations for periodical and occasional re-
turns, and to establish such charges for melt-
ing, refining, assaying, and stamping bullion,
as shall appear to him necessary for the pur-
pose of carrying into effect the intention of
this law with respect to the assay offices.
Sections sixty-two, sixty-three, sixty-four,
and sixty-five provide for offenses against the
mints, assay offices, aud coinage of the United
States, prescribing the penalties therefor.
Section sixty-six provides that this law
shall take effect at the begining of the next fiscal
year, July 1, 1872; and that the offices of
treasurers of the mints in Philadelphia, San
Francisco, and New Orleans shall then be
vacated, and that the Assistant Treasurer at
New York shall cease to perforin the duties of
treasurer of the assay office in that city. It
also provides that the other officers now ap-
pointed, and those employed in the mints and
assay offices, shall be continued, after giving
the bonds required by this law, until other
appointments are made; the Director of the
Mint at Philadelphia being styled and acting
as the superintendent thereof.
Section sixty-seven prescribes the title by
which the different mints and assay offices
arc to be known respectively, and transfers
all unexpended appropriations, heretofore
authorized by law for the use of those insti-
tutions, to the account and use of the mints
and assay offices established and located by
this act.
Section sixty-nine prescribes the title by
which this act shall be known, and repeals
all acts and parts of acts pertaining to the
mints, assay offices, and coinage of the Uni-
ted States inconsistent with the provisions of
this act, with the proviso that their repeal
shall not affect any rights accrued or penal-
ties incurred under former acts.
I now yield to my colleague on the com-
mittee, the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
Stoughton. ]
message from the president.
A message in writing from the President of
the United States was communicated to the
House, by Mr. Horace Poktjkk, one of his
Private Secretaries.
iiim's, assay offices, asd coinage,
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. li. No. 1427) revising and amending
the laws relative to the mints, assay offices,
and coinage of the United States.
Mr. STOUGHTON. Mr. Speaker, the bill
under consideration is intended to be a com-
