18*72.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
463
42d Cong....2d Sisss.
Extension of Ku Klux Act—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
Cole was called to testify what the true facts
were, as he was the judge before whom the
testimony in the contested election was taken.
At page 1187 you will find what this gentleman,
who has been a judge in Georgia for thirty
years, and who has been since 1808 an active
advocate of the reconstruction measures of
Congress, and a member of the Republican
party, says of that matter. I mention this
that what he says may commend itself to a
majority of oar friends on the other side of the
Chamber. He is now speaking of this man
Turner. He is asked :
" What is Turner's general reputation intho com-
munity among respectable men ?" 
Mr. EDMONDS. I wish to ask the Sena-
tor from Delaware, as I am not able always to
hear the thread of his discourse, whether one
of his heads of proof to the Senate is that this
State of things called the Ku Klux organization
does not exist in the South, or whether some
parts of the remedy applied have been abused ?
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly, and I propose
to discuss the fact of the existence of these
bands. This committee was not confined to
the simple question as to whether these bands
of men did exist in the South, and commit
outrages, but we were charged to examine
into the condition of the security of person
and properly in the South; all were combined
in it; and this testimony and my remarks
upon it are just as pertinent and just as con-
trolling to prove the true condition of the
South as the other portion to which I shall
refer will be to show that disorders also ex-
isted in the South. I do not see, however,
what the question had to do with the imme-
diate point which I was discussing, which was
the character of the witnesses summoned by
the majority of the committee for the purpose
of blackening the reputation of the people of
Georgia.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What I wished to inquire
of the Senator was in order to understand his
remarks, whether he was maintaining, ori the
whole, whether one of his general propositions
was that these bands of men did not exist in
the South, as well as the tact that the carpet-
baggers, as he calls thein, have plundered the
State, or whether they did not? i wish to
understand his attitude upon that point.
Mr. BAYARD. Well, Mr. President, I will
stop in the midst of a relation of facts not en-
tirely disconnected, bi t which is interrupted by
the honorable Senator's question to answer it.
There are States in the South where not a
witness is to be found in the whole of these
twelve volumes of testimony to prove that an
armed band of men for lawless purposes exists
at all. There are other Slates where bands
are proved to exist. There were bands of a very
local character proved to exist in Georgia, and
i shall presently give, what I shall try to make
a truthlul relation of their extent, their object,
and their effect upon the community, but I
could not expect that the Senator would be
here during the whole or even any consider-
able portion ot these somewhat extended re-
marks which I feel myself compelled to make
to the Senate. Had he been, he would have
heard the testimony from the chosen agent of
the Attorney General ot the United Slates in
Georgia that he had examined all this class
of cases, the testimony in which is brought
here by this sub-committee, and he swears
that there was no political effect or tendency
in any of them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I heard my honorable
friend read that particular testimony, but it
did not produce exactly the impression on my
mind that it seems to have produced on his.
My apology Cor not healing all the Senator
says is the fact that he perhaps will sympa-
thize with, that my attitude as one of the Com-
mittee on Pensions requires me, if 1 am civil to
poor pensioners, to go out about a hundred
times a day to the reception-room and hear
appeals for justice by humble people, who can-
not get it in any other way.
Mr. BAYARD. I hope the honorable Sen-
ator does not think that I have blamed liim in
the least for absence. On the contrary, I
rather congratulate him, for I am aware that
I have none of those arts of oratory to cap-
tivate his ears, and I am afraid the facts I give
would be rather disagreeable than otherwise.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My honorable friend
does not do justice to himself. Whatever he
may lack in the arts of oratory, I certainly do
not discover in respect to any other matter
but turning a case upside down. [Laughter.]
Mr. BAxAllD. If the honorable Senator
is as successful in perverting the meaning of
things as he has been successful in doing so by
interrupting the course of my speech, I think
be will prove a ready master in the arts he has
referred to.
But, sir, I was saying how shocking a thing
it was to bring characterless men forward to
swear away in secret the reputation of a com-
munity, and to show that they were character-
less men who were brought forward, I was
reading irrefragable proof from members of
the gentleman's own political party, and com-
mending them to him and to his parly asso-
ciates as being well entitled to credence :
"Question. What is Turner's pen oral reputation
in that community anions respectable men?
"Answer. Well, sir, it is very bad.
"Question. Does ho pet his people a good example
in the way of morality ?
"Answer. To my knowledge, ho is one of tho most
licentious rakes m our community; he is to-day the
most profligate man almost that I have ever known
in my lile. I know now, from tho statement of a
colored woman that I raised from infancy, and who
has lived with me and ray daughter ever since she
was free, who is living with mo now, the nurse of
my grandchildren."
And then this woman gives him an account
of this fellow's licentious villainy, which I do
not care to read to the Senate. Those who
are curious to pursue the history of this man
Turner can find it more at large in the testi-
mony of Judge Cole and other witnesses. He
may be truly called an infamous wretch, totally
unworthy of credit anywhere; and yet, sir,
would it be believed that that man Turner, who
was appointed the postmaster at Macon, a
flourishing town of some fifteen thousand peo-
ple in Georgia, was chosen for that office and
continued by this Senate, nominated by Pres-
ident Grant; that that man's debauchery and
villainy being fully exposed, compelled the
Administration to discharge him; that that
man still is perhaps the most influential poli-
tician in the State of Georgia? He perhaps
can control more votes by his individual influ-
ence than any other man, no matter how wise,
how virtuous, how worthy he may be in that
State. Such is one of the results of your re-
construction measures, of taking from the peo-
ple of a community the right to control the
question of suffrage according to their best
interests.
Turner is a bishop. He has many congre-
gations under his charge as presiding elder,
and 1 am told that he rules them with a rod
of iron—as is proven by tiie fact of his reelec-
tion in the face of the shameful better to which
I have referied; the fact appears here in the
testimony at large; and that, is the kind of
man who is cailed upon to tell you that Georgia
is not sate for him to live in. Why, sir, there
is one place where he should be, and be there
for ihe rest of his life, and that is the peniten- j
tiary; and had he lived in the North and have
done one tenth of the villainies he has com-
mitted in Georgia, an indignant popular senti-
ment would have placed him there.
Much the same thing prevails wherever this
class of negro preachers are to be found.
One of the men who came before us in Florida,
was one of the chief witnesses summoned
there by the majority of the committee, picked
out by the marshal and by the offioials,' of
whom one was the Senator from Florida, not
in his seat, [Mr. Osborn,] who met us at the
depot, and arranged the character of testimony
we should have before us. They ushered into
the committee-room Bishop Charles H. Pearce,
who presented to us the proceedings of a con-
vention of ministers at Macon of the Afrieah
Methodist Episcopal church in Georgia, of
which he is a burning and shining light, and
in which you will find not surprisingly that,
meeting for religious purposes and under his
apostolic direction, one of the first resolutions
ot this religious assembly is :
"That politically our sympathies are with the
^Republican party."
And that is about the history of it. They
are banded together by superstition and by
politics. All the reins are concentrated in the
hands of one man, and he is virtually their
master. There is no such thing as individual
independence where they exist. There is one
other incident in Bishop Pearce's career. The
testimony of several witnesses proved that
this same worthy man of God had been con-
victed of the crime of bribery in the Legisla-
ture, and 1 find here and quote from the New
York Tribune a telegram from Tallahassee,
dated 17th of April, 1872 :
" The supreme court met to-day, Chief Justice
Randall presiding, with a full bench. The judg-
ment ot the circuit court, under which C. H. Pearce,
a bishop of the African church, member of the State
senate,aprominent politician of thisState, was that
he was sentenced to six months' iraprisonmont in
the county jail, and to pay a fine of $1,000 for
bribery, was confirmed."
So that Mr. Pearce has reached his natural
place at last; but Pearce and Turner, and the
whole class of these people bronght before us,
are the character of persons whose testimony
fills these books to blur the character of the
people of Georgia and Florida. I appeal to
ail fair people, to the sense of justice of every
man, is not this monstrous, and ought not this
sort of thing to condemn forever this system
of investigating the affairs of a State by sitting
in secret and summoning witnesses whose ma-
lignity could veuture to show itself only in that
way ?
Who shall speak for a community? Its
depraved and ignorant, or its intelligent and
reliable? I wish the Senate and country could
have a picture of the building in which thiss
committee held its sessions in Atlanta. The
stairs and the approaches were a perfect lazar-
house. Most ot the witnesses were poor—
that was not their fault, but their misfortune—
w ere grossly ignorant and vicious and de-
praved. Let me give the Senate what is called
testimony against the State. At page 410 will
be found testimony which I ask the Clerk to
read a portion of.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"Letitia Little (colored) sworn and examined.
"By the Chairman:
" Question. How old are you, where were you
born, and where do you now live?
" Answer. I do not know how old I am, or where
I was born; I live down at Williams's Mills, in
Uaialson county." ******
"By Mr. Bayard:
" Question. You do not know how old you are, or
whore you were boin?
"Answer. No, sir.
" Question. Did you know what you meant whea
you swore on that Bible?
"Answer, On tho Bible?
•' Question. When that gentleman pat the oath to
you did you know what he meant?
"Answer. Put the oath? .
" Question. Do you know what an oath is ?
" Anticer. No, sir.
"Question. Do you know what that gentleman
meant when he said something when you first came
into the roomr?
" Ansioer. No, sir.
" By the Chairman:
" Queition. Do you know what swearing to tell the
truth is ?
"Answer, "ies, sir.
" Question. Suppose after you are sworfi to tell the
truth you should tell a he; what would be done to
you ?
" Answer. I do not know."
