1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1411
Mr. POMEROY. I now present a news-
paper which has been sent to me marked, the
Leavenworth Daily Times, in which there is a
report signed by a committee of the Legisla-
ture which I desire to have referred to this
committee. I know it is somewhat informal
to refer anything of this kind to a committee,
but my object is to refer everything I can get'.
I want the matter fully and fairly investigated,
and as this is the only communication I can
find on the subject I ask that it be referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas sends up a newspaper which con-
tains what purports to be a report of a com-
mittee of the Legislature of that State, and
asks to have that paper referred to the com-
mittee.
Mr. POMEROY. I will add also that if I
receive hereafter any other papers, or any
official papers, I shall desire, in harmony with
this resolution, to refer them to the same com-
mittee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It seems to me that this
is carrying the spirit of investigation even a
little further than the reformers would propose,
to take up a newspaper and find some scandal
against a Senator, and then bring it here to
the Senate and have it referred to a committee.
Mr. POMEROY. It is all we can get.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think if the people or
the Legislature of Kansas have any complaint
to make against their Senators, the dignified
course for this body to pursue, and the only
iust course, would be to wait in patience until
that people by petition, or that Legislature by
memorial, address themselves to the Senate
in the regular way.
I merely make this objection now because
if this is to be the fashion 1 suppose every time
I discover a squib in the newspapers about
myself, I shall be considered as having plead
guilty, whatever the accusation may be, unless
I get it immediately referred to a committee of
this body.
I do not fail to appreciate the motive of the
honorable Senator from Kansas in desiring to
have this sort of scandal exploded if it be false,
as of course we are bound to assume tbat it is;
but we owe something to the Senate itself;
and to send to a committee a mere newspaper
statement of what some committee of the Le-
gislature have done for investigation, 1 think is
a very wrong thing to do, and therefore I object
to it. When official papers come from Kan-
sas, if they ever do, they can be referred of
course. If they do not, it will be very con-
clusive evidence that the Legislature itself
believes the whole thing to be a falsehood.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Vermont objects. The Chair thinks it would
require unanimous consent of the Senate to
refer such a paper as this to a committee.
Mr. POMEROY. If it were a common
newspaper article, it would come within'the
criticism of my friend from Vermont; but it
purports to be the report of a committee of
the Legislature, and it is received and accred-
ited in the country as the report of a commit-
tee of the Legislature, and it is in that view
that I ask to have it referred.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator insists
upon it, I do not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont withdraws his objection.
Mr. CARPENTER. As a member of the
committee indicated in this resolution I desire
to repeat substantially what the Senator from
Vermont has said, if that committee should
enter into a solemn investigation of this sub-
ject, and it should subsequently turn out that
that newspaper article was bogus, as it might,
not only the committee, but the Senate would
be placed in rather an unenviable light. It is
certainly enough for the Senate to proceed
when some tangible complaint is made. If
the Legislature of the State of Kansas desire
to have this matter investigated, they have the
complete power to investigate it, and it seems
to me they are the only persons who should
investigate it. If they are satisfied with what
has taken place in their own State, and make
no complaint, and these Senators represent
them fairly, properly, and legally in the Sen-
ate, certainly the Senate have no right and no
occasion to do it, and it seems to me that this
committee should not be charged with an in-
vestigation on mere newspaper rumors.
Mr. CALDWELL. As I understand, the
resolution as adopted provides that when the
official report and testimony are received, they
shall be referred to the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
provides " that all papers and communications
relating to the election of Senators in the State
of Kansas in the years 1867 and 1871 be
referred to the Committee on Privileges and
Elections."
Mr. CARPENTER. The word " papers"
there, with the explanation of Senators, means
of course all newspapers, and to that I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
quoted what the resolution states.
Mr. CALDWELL. I was going to state
that, as I understand, the motive of my col-
league in proposing to refer this newspaper
account of what purports to be the report of
the legislative committee was simply to give
information to the Senate committee in ad-
vance. So far as I am concerned, I do not
insist on that at all; but I simply desire to say
that I propose, as soon as I get this report and
so-called testimony, to refer them to the com-
mittee and ask the committee and the Senate
to take such action as tliey deem proper.
Mr. HAMLIN. Has the resolution been
adopted?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been by
unanimous consent.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I venture to move to
reconsider the vote adopting the resolution,
and I will slate the reason why I make that
motion, that we may see if it will meet the
sense of the Senate. There is no question
before the Senate now, there are no papers
before the Senate, and it seems to me to be
outside of all the history of our legislation to
adopt a resolution or raise a committee to in-
vestigate a subject that has never been pre-
sented to us.
I can appreciate the anxiety and the posi-
tion. of the Senators from Kansas, but it
seems to me that they may well rest by intro-
ducing the resolution and letting it lie on the
table, showing their readiness to meet the
question whenever it shall come before us in
that way in which all questions come before a
Legislature. It is not therefore wise to adopt
the resolution now. It is out of all forms of
legislative proceeding, and it does seem to me
that it answers all the purposes of those Sen-
ators, and indicates to the Senate and to the
world their readiness to meet this matter when
it shall come before us. 1 think, therefore, it
would be wiser to reconsider the vote adopt-
ing the resolution, and lot it lie on the tabic,
to be called up at that moment when the Sen-
ator from Kansas, as he says, will introduce
the papers when the}' shall reach him. I
therefore submit that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
proposition is this : the Senator from Kansas
[Mr. Pomeroy] asks unanimous consent to
submit a paper which he desires to have re-
ferred to the committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I renew my objection
for the time being.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made. The Senator from Maine [Mr. Ham-
lin] now moves to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate agreed to the resolution
offered by the Senator from Kansas in front
of the Chair.
Mr. POMEROY. I was led to introduce
that resolution this morning from a telegram
which 1 have received, that the Legislature
refused to send the papers here; that one
house agreed to it, and the other non-con-
curred. That telegiam convinced me that we
should not get them from the Legislature, and
I was anxious to place before the committee
whatever we could get, and it was on that
account that I introduced the resolution. I
understand one branch of the Legislature
passed a resolution to send the papers here,
but the other did not concur in it; and it
being a concurrent resolution, I doubt whether
they will get here at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on reconsidering the vote by which theSeuate
agreed to this resolution.
The (notion to reconsider was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now recurs on agreeing to the resolution ; and
the Senator from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] moves
that it he on the table for the present.
Mr. POMEROY. Let the paper lie on the
table with it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report in
this paper does not purport to be adopted. It
reads, ■' The following is a copy in full of the
report submitted to the Legislature yesterday."
It will lie on the table. The Senator from
Maine now moves that the resolution lie on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
public building at parkersburg.
Mr. BOREMAN. I was unavoidably absent
yesterday during the morning hour when the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds
made a report on a bill local to a portion of
my constituents. They reported adversely on
the bill (S. No. 863) to provide for a building
suitable for a post office for the accommoda-
tion of the revenue officers and the United
States courts and other offices in the city of
Parkersburg, West Virginia, and it was in-
definitely postponed. Had I been present, I
should have asked that the bill be placed upon
the Calendar. Inasmuch as I was unavoid-
ably absent yesterday, I now ask that the bill
may be placed on the Calendar with the adverse
report of the committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As the Sen-
ator was not present yesterday, I see no objec-
tion to placing the bill on the Calendar, and
I hope he will be gratified.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the indefinite postponement of the
bill will be regarded as reconsidered and the
bill placed on the Calendar. The Chair hears
no objection.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. POMEROY- I made a report yesterday
from the Committee on Rules, and I desire to
ask ol the Chair whether a report on the rules
relating to the body has any precedence. Can
I offer it this morning for action in preference
to any other business?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would be the
duty of the Chair to recognize the chairman
of the Committee on Rules as soon as Senate
resolutions were called for, so as to call up that
report, but prfevious to that the morning busi-
ness has priority
Mr. POMEROY. Then I give notice that
I desire to call up this report this morning.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a peti-
tion of citizens of Nebraska, praying that any
special laws passed regarding the homesteads
of soldiers who served m the war of the rebel-
lion may extend to women who gave their
services in camps and hospitals and in the
field; which was referred to the Committee
ou Public Lands.
Mr. BOREMAN presented a petition of
late soldiers of West Virginia, praying Con-
gress to modify the homestead law of May
20, 1802, and the acts amendatory thereof, so
that the time which the soldier or sailor served
in the Army or Navy of the United States dur-
ing the war of the rebellion, after two years'
