1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
515
Congress still admitted the State under that
constitution and put all those men into office,
not one in ten of whom even lived in the State,
and they have by corrupt legislation increased
her debt to $38,000,000, from five or six
millions in the last few years.
Mr. KELLOGG. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. BECK. No, sir; I have not time.
When Georgia elected a Legislature which
was Democratic, the President, through Gen-
eral Terry and his soldiers, re-reconstructed
that State, and put into the Legislature nine-
teen Republicans who had been defeated, turn-
ing out the duly-elected Democratic members,
so as to make it a Republican Legislature.
The result is that her debts and liabilities,
as Mr. Angier, the treasurer, shows, was
$50,000,000 when Bullock left, many millions
of which have been stolen, and are forever lost
to the people of that State. Those two great
States have thus been plundered by men im-
posed upon them by Congress and the Presi-
dent against their will, and so it has been in
nearly all the southern States. Virginia, it is
true, escaped, as my friend from Indiana
[Mr. Voomiees] says; she never fell under
Radical rule; and Mississippi happened toeleit
one of her own citizens, which partially saved
her for a time. In North Carolina Governor
Holden was successfully impeached for high
crimes and misdemeanors ; he is now editor
of the Government organ at Washington eitv.
Governor Bullock, of Georgia, resigned his
position, and fled from the State to prevent
certain conviction for like offenses. Governor
Smith, of Alabama, retired in disgrace, proved
to have officially plundered his State by the
illegal and corrupt issue of $500,000 of her
bonds to the Alabama and Chattanooga Hail-
road Company; Scott, of South Carolina,
proved by his own partisans to be a public
plunderer, who if he escapes impeachment
must buy his corrupt Legislature; Reed, of
Florida, willfully robbing his State by illegally
placing millions of her bonds in the hands
of such a tliief as Littlefield is shown to be;
Clayton of Arkansas, charged by Radical
officials with all sorts of corruption and in-
dicted in a Radical court by a Radical grand
jury for the most flagrant offenses: Warmoth,
of Louisiana, if half that is said against him by
his own party friends be true, is worse than
any of them; Browni.ow, while in Tennessee,
making a Pandemonium of that State ; Davis, of
Texas, a tyrant and usurper, who is denounced
by his people'regardless of party as a fiend in
human form, whose orders and acts are a dis-
grace to American civilization—these are the
men placed by Congress over seven million
people in nine once free and independent-
States; men who are loathed and execrated
by the people whose rights, liberty, and honor
it was their duty to protect. Retributive jus-
tice is on their track; some have been over
taken, the others will be. Iiated and despised,
their only refuge, if they can escape the pen-
itentiary, seems to be in the Senate of the
United States.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is out of
order in that remark.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I call the gen-
tleman to order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already
called the gentleman to order. His remark is
clearly out of order.
Mr. BECK. Is it not in order to say that
these men are seeking a refuge in the Senate ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman in that
remark reflected upon the coordinate body,
and he knows well enough that that is not in
order.
Mr. BECK. I will be permitted to say
that the men who have thus obtained control
of the southern States have plundered them
till they are all on the verge of bankruptcy.
Their debts and liabilities, .actual and con-
tingent, have been frightfully increased, while
their taxable property has diminished more
than half in the last few years. Alabama
owed not over §8,000,000 in 1868, now she is
bound for $38,000,000. Arkansas has in-
creased her liabilities from §4,000,000 to
nearly $20,000,000; Florida from little or
nothing to nearly $16,000,000; Georgia from
five or six millions to nearly $50,000,000 ; how-
ever, $6,000,000 of fraudulent bonds have been
stopped lately; Louisiana from $10,000,000
in 1860, to $41,000,000, with a deficiency of
over $9,000,000 last year; North Carolina
from, say, $10,000,000 in 1861, to nearly
$35,000,000 now; South Carolina from, say,
$5,000,000 to $29,000,000; Tennessee from
$'20,000,000 to $45,000,000; Texas from noth-
ing to about $16,000,000, with over $5,000,000
of taxation this year, besides the most enorm-
ous county taxation in all the States, and not a
dollar of this is for the confederate war debt;
that was all repudiated, and many of the States
have nothing to show for all the millions
imposed by State and county taxation upon
them.
Now, a word in reference to the Ku Klnx
and education, and 1 am done. The white men
in the South are doing the best they can to
educate the negroes; they have no idea of
depriving them of any of their civil or polit-
ical rights; they earnestly desire to make good
citizens of them. That is their interest. 1 will
give you an example of the state of things in
Mississippi relative to the way this education
business is managed; that State could not go
into debt.
Mr. BARRY. Will the gentleman state why
the Slate could not go into debt?
Mr. BECK. Becauso the constitution does
not, allow it.
Mr. BARIiY. Will the gentleman state what
convention made that constitution ?
Mr. BECK. 1 know this, what they failed
to make by taxing ttie State as such, they have
made up by local taxation. A very intelligent
gentleman of the name of McBride appeared
before the Committee of Investigation, a Rad-
ical schoolmasterfrom Chickasaw county, who
had been whipped by the Ku Klux, and he
stated that in the county of Chickasaw, with
very few white Radical voters in the county,
they had, under a most oppressive and infam-
ous act of the Legislature, built two hundred
school-houses and appointed two hundred
schoolmasters, at average salaries of sixty
dollars a month. He may haye exaggerated the
number, but he swore to it, and he ought to
know. It is known that these houses cost from
live hundred to a thousand dollars each, and
teachers were employed for ten months m
the year. Whenever twenty-five little negroes
could be found living over three miles from
a school-house they had a right to have a
school-house built and a teacher employed,
even though their parents did not pay a
dollar of tax. All taxes were levied on the
property of the people of the county at large—
nearly all white, of course. These people
were miserably poor; the war had devas-
tated their homes; their crops since the war
had hardly paid expenses; the little property
they had was being sold by the tax-gatherer
topay these Yankee schoolmasters. The people
could not stand it; either they or the school-
masters had to leave. After giving notices of
all sorts, they often disguised themselves and
whipped the schoolmasters, who persisted in
remaining, and that is all there ever was of
Ku Klux in Mississippi; and when closely
examined, it was produced by just such causes
elsewhere. There never was anything political
in it.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I now yield the
balance of my time to my colleague, [Mr.
Stevenson" ]
Mr. KERR. I desire the attention of the
House for a moment.
Mr. STEVENSON. I cannot yield.
Mr. COX. There is a dispatch here from
New Orleans which we desire to have read.
Mr. STEVENSON. I have no objection to
the reading of the dispatch, and will yield for
that purpose.
Mr. KERR. I desire to have read by the
Clerk a telegram which I received just a
moment ago from a senator of the State of
Louisiana, whom 1 know personally, and who
represents one of the upper parishes of the
State.
The Clerk read as follows:
New Orleans, January 22,1872.
IIon.M. C. Kerb:
Condition of Louisiana, fearful; Warmoth more
than military dictator; no longer republican gov-
ernment or liberty; not political contest, but tor
civil government. Senatechamber, State House, and
ail approaches filled with armed men to intimidate
Legislature. Warmoth's order to both his houses
obeyed. Legal house still excluded, and bloodshed
apprehended to-day. Will committee come at once
a.nd save us from anarchy ? Martial law preferable
to present state of affairs.
W. F. BLACKMAN, State Senator.
Mr. DAWES. Why object to sending this
committee there?
Mr. KERR. Now that the committee has
been appointed, I make no objection to its
going. I want it to go quickly and to do its
work honestly and boldly.
Mr. STEVENSON._ I should not have
sought the floor at this time, but for some
statements which have been made by gentie
men who are members of the joint select
committee to investigate the condition of the
late insurrectionary States, and who speak
here as if by authority. The gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck. J has made a statement
which I wish to notice first. He says that a
motion was made in that joint committee to
appoint a sub-commiitee to go to Louisiana,
and he says that motion appears Upon the
record of tha', committee. That is true ; nut
the gentleman forgets to state what was the
business then befoie the committee.
The time had nearly passed during which
the investigation could be m ide, only the
autumn months remaining. The funds sun
plied to the committee were so far spent tnat
but, two sub committees could be sent any-
where. The question was whether we should
pursue the investigations in those States where
the Ku Klux Klan was then raging and red-
handed ; whether we should pursue ihe luvesti-
gaiion'whereblood wasthenflowmg. or whether
we should be diverted to the State of Louis-
iana, because during the summer there had
been some irregular and improper transactions
there in connection with a Republican conven-
tion. The Democrats on th.itcommiitee, aiix
ions, no doubt, to turn aside the invesigation
from the red track of the Ku Klux, did vote
to send a sub-committee to Louisiana, but the
committee had the good judgment not to be
misled by them.
Since that time these occurrences threaten-
ing riot and bloodshed in New Orleans have
arisen, i agree with those members of the
House who think there ought to bean investi-
gation now and there. I think we should send
a committee to the spot as soon as th><y can
conveniently go, to probe whatever corruption
there may be there, and to prevent violence
and perhaps save bloodshed, lor the Lord only
knows what tho^e men m New Orleans will
do. It is not safe to trust them. And what-
ever violence shall be done there will be done
mainly by the Democrats, the thugs of that
city, who are only taking sides in this quarrel
now in order to make bloodshed and riot.
I therefore am in favor of this investigation.
Iam in favor of making it thorough, and of
having it made on the ground, not only to ex-
pose frauds, if such exist—and 1 do not doubt
they do—but you wilt find that every fraudulent
traiisac'ton has had the fingers of a Democrat
in it. Every dollar sto en trom the treisury
of that State, it it could be found, would have
the bloody marks of the hands of a tran or on
its face. There is no difference m that regard
between the whites and the blacks, the Repub-
licans and the Democrats of Louisiana, except
that the Democrats ought to know better. I
