2308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
plete revision of the laws pertaining to the Mint
and coinage of the United. States. The existing
laws upon this subject are embraced in differ-
ent enactments extending over the«vhole period
of time since the act of April 2, 1792. Some
of these are obsolete and others repealed or
changed by later laws.
It has been the aim of the committee to
arrange, compile, and codify the laws now in
force in a systematic form, and to supply such
deficiencies as the enlarged wants of the public
seemed to indicate. The execution of this
plan has been by no means free from diffi-
culty. The conversion of the precious metals
into coin with the least expense and the most
profit, the best and most serviceable alloys,
the proper fineness in order to secure utility
and durability at home, and at the same time
to conform as nearly as may be with foreign
standards, and the wastage and tolerance of
the Mint, are subjects which can only be thor
oughly understood after long study and actual
experience in the practical details.
In the preparation of this bill the committee
has been largely aided by the suggestions and
experience of those conversant with the coin-
age and coinage laws, and it is believed that
the revision proposed embraces all the provis-
ions necessary for the successful working of
this great national interest.
The United States Mint at Philadelphia was
established by act of April 2, 1792. By act
of March 1835, branch mints were estab-
lished at New Orleans, and Dahlonega, Geor-
gia, (now discontinued,) and at Charlotte,
North Carolina, (now an assay office.) The
branch mint at San Francisco was established
by act of July 3, 1852; the assay office at
New York by act of March 4, 1853; the
branch mint, at Denver, Colorado, by act of
April 21, 1862; the branch mint at Carson
City, Nevada, by act of March 3, 18C3 ; and
the assay office at Bois6 City by act of Febru-
ary 19, 18G9. A branch mint was also estab-
lished by act of July 4, 1804, at Dalles, Ore-
gon, but nothing has ever been done except
the useless expenditure of the appropriation
of $100,000.
The salaries now paid to the officers of these
various mints are as follows :
Philadelphia.
Director 8-4,500
.Assayer  3,000
Melter and refiner  3,000
Coiner  3,000
lingraver  3.0U0
tS'Ui Francisco.
Superintendent and treasurer  4,500
Assayer  3,000
Melter and refiner 3.000
Coiner 3,000
iVciy York Assay Office,
Superintendent 4,500
Assayer  3,000
Melter and refiner 3,000
There is also at this office a deputy treas-
urer, at a salary of $4,500, appointed under
the act of March 4, 1853. If he performs any
duty, it is that of chief clerk. At San Fran-
cisco there is no such officer, although the
coinage of that mint is $25,000,000 per year,
while at New York it is only about six million
dollars in bars.
Carson City.
Superintendent and troasurer $3,000
Assayer  2,500
-Melter and refiner  2 500
Coiner 2^500
Jioise City.
Superintendent, (not appointed.)
Assaj ei  3.000
JlcUer  2,500
Charlotte.
Assayer's salary and expenses about 5,000
The business transacted at this office is less
than $80,000 per year.
Denver.
Assayer S3,000
Melter 2,500
The Mint and coinage laws are largely con-
tained in the^ various acts of Congress estab-
lishing these institutions. Many are local in
character and some incongruous and irrecon-
cilable. An instance of this kind is found in
the acts approved March 3, 1853, and March
4, 1853, but both passed the same day. The
first act gives the Secretary of the Treasury
control and jurisdiction over the melting, part-
ing, refining, and assaying of metals, and the
second confers the same powers upon the
Director of the Mint.
The design of the pendingbill is not to inter-
fere with the location or business of the mints
in operation, or to change the salaries of the
officers, but to provide uniform laws and reg-
ulations and place the coinage system under
the supervision of a responsible head. The
attainment of this end necessarily requires the
establishment at Washington of a Mint bureau.
It is in strict conformity with our system of
government, and indispensably necessary to its
successful and harmonious working, that a
chief officer be placed over every important
branch of the public service, whose duty it
shall be to familiarize himself with all ques-
tions relating to his department, see that it is
properly conducted, and furnish information
to the President, Secretaries, and committees
of Congress. The necessity of some measure
of this kind to correct irregularities and secure
efficiency and economy in the management of
our mints and coinage has long been known
to those familiar with this subject. Within
a few years there have been losses in the
mints estimated at $500,000, which, with a
proper system of supervision and account-
ability, such as this bill contemplates, could
never have occurred. Under the laws now in
force reports cannot be compelled, and the
operations of the mints and assay offices aire
involved in obscurity. What would be ttik
effect upon the public if the business of the
national banks were allowed to be managed
in this loose and dangerous manner? The.
coinage interest is as permanent and import-
ant as the currency, and the reasons in favor
of the establishment of the Currency Bureau
apply with equal force to the Mint. *
The consolidation of the offices of Superin-
tendent and treasurer is a measure of sound
economy. The assayer determines the weight
and value of metals with depositors, and is
required to sign the certificates. His own
interest and safety is therefore a sufficient check
upon the Superintendent. There is also a grave
objection to one person holding both the
offices of treasurer of the Mint and United
States Assistant Treasurer, as now provided by
law. They are not necessarily connected, but
when held by the same person, and the funds
mingled together, no settlement can be made
without at the same time closing the busi-
ness of both offices and taking an account, of
each. This involves the expense of precipi-
tating the bullion in solution and taking a
general inventory of the Mint.
These are the only changes proposed in the
organization of our coinage system. Other
improvements are provided for in the opera-
tion of the Mint and manipulation of the metals.
The duties of the officers are more clearly de-
fined, the wants of the public more fully met,
and existing laws modified in accordance with
modern improvements in metallurgical science.
These changes relate principally to alloys,
coins, wastage, tolerance of the Mint, and
abrasion or the natural wear of the lawful
coinage.
ALLOYS.
The bill reported by the committee provides
that the standards of gold and silver shall be
such that of one thousand parts by weight
nine hundred shall be pure metal and one
hundred alloy ; the alloy of the silver coins to
be of copper, and the alloy of the gold coins
to be of copper or copper and silver, but that
the silver shall in no case exceed one tenth of
the whole alloy. This is the law now, except
as to the alloy of gold, which is allowed to be
fifty parts of silver and fifty parts of copper.
The improvements in separating metals have,
however, rendered it easy and practicable, to
take the silver from gold up to and even higher
than nine hundred and ninety parts in every
thousand, and the amendment proposed will
have the effect of saving the forty parts of
silver which are now lost, audatthe same time
making the gold coins of uniform color and
hardness, in Spain, France, Italy, Belgium,
and most of the German States, the standard
of fineness is the same as ours, or nine tenths
pure metal and one tenth alloy. In England
it is eleven twelfths pure metal and one
twelfth alloy. The difference m-iy be ex-
pressed thus : United States, pure metal, ;
England, pure metal, The advantage
of the decimal ratio is obvious.
COINS.
The gold coins provided for are as follows:
Troy grains.
Double eagle, ($20,) 516
Eagle, (5,10J 258
Half eagle, ($o)   1119 _
Quarter eagle, (S2 50)    64.5
l'hree-dollar piece, (S3)  17.4
One dollar, ($1) the unit of value  25.3
^Wliich are declared to be a legal tender for all
sums at their denominational value. Aside
' from the three dollar gold piece, which is a
deviation from our metrical ratio, and there-
fore objectionable, the only change in the
present law is in more clearly specifying the
gold dollar as the unit of value. This was
probably the intention, and perhaps the effect
of the act of March 3, 1849, but it ought not
to be left to inference or implication. 'J he
value of silver depends, in a great measure,
upon the fluctuations of the market, and the
- supply and demand. Gold is practically the
.standard of value among all civilized nations,
,'and the time has come in this country when
the gold dollar should be distinctly declared to
be the coin representative of the money unit.
' In 1816 an act of the English Parliament
established gold as the sole staudard of value
in the United .Kingdom. The following ex-
tract from the elaborate report of the deputy
master of the British mint for 1870, shows the
views there entertained upon this important
question:
" In 1816 a committee of the privy council made a
report on the coinage, which recommended the im-
portant and bencficial regulations which to this day
govern the currency of the United Kingdom. It
recommended that, while no change should be made
in the standard ol' either the gold or silver coins,
tiie lormer should be constituted the sole standaid
ol value, and the latter converted into a token coin-
age, which, wlule passing at its nominal instead ol
iis leal value, should torm a subsidiary currency 1'or
domestic use, without the liability, which had been
attended with such disastrous results, ot being ex-
ported trom the kingdom whenever the high price
of silver rendered such an operation profitable. VViih
this view the committee proposed that no change
shouldbe niade in the weight ot the gold coins as set
forth m the then existing mint indentuie. but tln.t
the number of shillings coined fiom the pound troy
should be increased from sixty-two to sixty-six.
"In this report may be traced the recommenda-
tions made by Charles, llarlof Liverpool, m a letter
to the king, dated the 7th of May, 1805, in which the
advantages of a single measure of value, and ol gold
as that measure, are set lorth with afoiee and cle;u-
ness beyond all praise. This letter, which has ever
since its publication remained a text-book of the
subject to which it relates, contains a histoiy ol the
coinage of England from its earliest date till the
commencement of the present century, and, while
calling attention to the very defective state of the
silver cuneiioy, whioll had at that time been le-
duced by wear to the condition of mere counters,
without design or mark of any kind to distm^uiMi
them as the coins of the realm, points out that gold
had during the last hundred yeais been in effect tne
sole standard of value, and that the true interest of
the country imperatively demanded that it should
be legally made so for the future. Lord Liverpool
sums up his proposals by the statement that 'it is
evident that where the function of the gold coins
as a measure ot property ceases, there that of the
silver coin should begin, and ihat where the Junc-
tion of the silver coins in tins lespect ceases, there
that of copper should begin.' Inconsequence ot the
report made by the committee, an actoi Parliament
was pa,ssed in 1865, 50 George ill, ohaptcr 68, subftun-
tially carrying their recommendations into effect.'"
[ '1 he silver coins provided for are the dollar,
384 grains troy, the half dollar, quarter dollar,
and dime of the value and weight of one half,
one quarter, and one tenth of the dollar re-
spectively ; and they are made a legal tender
