1412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
actual residence upon the homestead, may be
deducted from the term of five years' resi-
dence which the act now requires before he
can acquire title thereto ; which was referred
to the Committee ou Public Lauds.
He also presented the petition of Lair D.
Morrall, of Barbour county, West Virginia,
praying the removal of his political disabil-
ities; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabil-
ities.
Mr. VICIvERS presented a petition of one
hundred and thirty citizens of Cecil county,
Maryland, praying for an appropriation to
improve the Northeast river and its tributa-
ries in that county; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. COOPER presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Memphis, Tennessee, praying for aid
to establish an iron-ship and boat-building
yard in the Mississippi valley; which were
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
He also presented a memorial of a commit-
tee of the board of trustees of the East Ten-
nessee University, asking a further appropri-
ation of public lands in aid of agricultural
colleges ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lauds.
Mr. SCOTT presented two petitions of
citizens of Pennsylvania, lato soldiers of the
United Statos Army, praying the equalization
of bounties at ?8 33J per month for lime of
service, and bounty land, without requirement
of settlement, to Union soldiers and sailors
and marines in the war of the rebellion;
which were referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
He also presented a memorial of citizens
of Pennsylvania, remonstrating against an
international copyright law; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Library.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of cit-
izens of Dayton, Ohio, merchants, praying
that if the bill for the repeal of the duties on
tea and coffee should become a law, it shall
not take effect for at, least ninety days after its
enactment; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Toledo, Ohio, ineiehants, praying that if the
bill for the repeal of the duties on tea and
coffee should become a law, it shall not take
effect for at least ninety days after its enact-
ment ; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
.Mr. HOWE presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Wisconsin, members of the Grand
Army of the Republic, praying Congress so
to modify the laws of the United States in
behalf of honorably discharged soldiers of the
United States as to dispense with the neces-
sity of actual residence for any particular
period of time on their part before receiving
title to the lands located by them ; and also
praying that the time for making applications
for pensions be extended, and that the pen-
sions of all soldiers and sailors, and depend-
ents of soldiers and sailors, be increased ;
which was lefeired to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
He also presented the petition of P. R Proc-
tor, publisher of the l)e Perl News, Brown
county, Wisconsin, praying for such an amend-
ment to the postal laws of the United States
as will permit publishers and dealers in news-
papers and periodicals to receiveprinted matter
at the same rates as regular subscribers ; which
was referred to the Committee 011 Post Offices
and Post lioads.
He also presented the petition of F. M.
Saekett, publisher of the Weyanmego Times,
Waupaca county, Wisconsin, praying for such
an amendment to the postal laws of the United
States as will permit publishers and dealers in
newspapers and periodicals to receive printed
matter at the same rates as regular subscrib-
ers; which was referred to the Committee 011
Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented two memorials of citizens
of Wisconsin, remonstrating against a change
in the existing tariff laws abatingor abolishing
duties ou such articles as are successfully pro-
duced in this country ; which were referred to
the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of Moses
B. Bliss, a citizen of the State of Wisconsin,
praying the adoption of an approved system
of weights and measures of which he is the
inventor; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. CARPENTER presented a petition of
citizens of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, dealers in
tea and coffee, praying that if the law abolish-
ing or reducing duties on tea and coffee shall
pass, at least six months' time be granted be-
fore the same shall take effect, so that all may
be prepared alike to meet the change ; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented the petition
of John B. Cowles and other citizens of Con-
necticut, praying indemnity for spoliations
committed by the French prior to the year
1801; which was ordered to lie ou the table.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
citizens of Michigan, dealers in tea and coffee,
praying that if the law abolishing or reducing
duties 011 tea and coffee shall pass at least
ninety days' time be granted before the same
shall take effect, so that all may be prepared
alike to meet the change; which was referred
to the Committee ou Finance.
Mr. TIPTON presented the petition of
Cross & Hansen,publishers of the Fairbury*
Gazette, of Fairbury, Jefferson county, Ne-
braska, praying that section one hundred and
sixty-two of the codified postal laws, now
pending in Congress, may be so amended that
persons known as regular publishers and deal-
ers in newspapers and periodicals may receive
by mail such quantities of either as they may
require, in bulk, whether wholly or m part
printed, and pay the postage thereon, as re-
ceived, at the same rates pro rata as regu-
lar subscribers to publications weighing four
ounces, who pay quarterly in advance; which
was referred to the Committee 011 Post Offices
and Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of Thomas
Sutor and eleven others, citizens of Nebraska,
late soldiers of the United Statos Army, ask-
ing Congress to pass an act giving to all sol-
diers, sailors, and marines, and to the heirs of
those who are deceased, $8 33^ per month for
the entire time served, deducting therefrom all
Government bounties heretofore received by
them; which was referred to the Committee
011 Pensions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I present the petition
of Burton & Pierce, of Chicago, asking that
any law passed repealing the duty on tea and
coffee may not go into immediate effect. I
hope the country will get to understand that
there is 110 disposition to pass a law on that
subjcct which shall go into immediate effect.
I move that the petition lie 011 the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. NYE presented the petition of R. L.
Page, of Norfolk, Virginia, praying the re-
moval of his political disabilities ; which was
referred to the select Committee on the Re-
moval of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SAWYER presented ths memorial of
the Chamber of Commerce, of Charleston,
South Carolina, asking that a survey be made
of Hog Inland channel, and an estimate pre-
pared of the cost of putting a jetty from some
point 011 its northern shore, with a view to de-
flect therefrom back into the channel of Cooper
river ; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERKKD.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the cases of Admiral
Henry Walke, Robert Handy, Admiral Palmer, and
others, bo taken from the files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, it was
Ordered, That James A. Forgey have leave to
withdraw his petition and papers from the files of
the Senate.
ASSIGNMENTS OS BUSINESS.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask that an order
be made that Thursday next at one o'clock be
set apart as the time for presenting the statues
from the State of Connecticut.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
Connecticut asks unanimous consent to have
Thursday of this week set apart for the pre-
sentation of statues from the State of Con-
necticut in the old Hall of the House of
Representatives.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Yesterday morning I
asked the Senate to grant me the privilege of
submitting some remarks on Thursday on a
bill which I had introduced here, before re-
turning to Texas. I have to go to Texas in a
few days, and I should be glad to submit those
remarks on Thursday. I would be gratified,
therefore, if my friend from Connecticut would
select some other day.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will say Friday at
the same hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Connecticut changes it to Friday at one
o'clock as the time when the Senators from
that State desire to present the statues now in
the old Hall. If there be no objection, that
order will be'made by unanimous consent, and
at one o'clock on Friday next the Senators
from Connecticut will be recognized for that
purpose.-
AMKNDMENTS TO APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. WRIGHT. On the 25th of March last
I had the honor to offer a resolution of inquiry
to go to the Committee on Rules ; and as
something is being said on the subject of the
amendment of the rules at this time, and that
resolution relates to the subject of the appro-
priation bills, 1 should like to have it taken up
at this time. It is a mere resolution of inquiry,
and could not be considered at the last session
on account of the restrictive rule which was
then adopted. It is a resolution of instructions
directing the Committee ou Rules to make
certain inquiries.
Mr. POMEROY. Let us hear what it is.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
lieHolve.d, That the Committee on the Revision of
the Rules be instructed to inquire what further ac-
tion, if any, is necessary to cut off irrelevant amend-
ments to appropriation bills, whether genernl or
otherwise, with a view of restricting such bills to
their obvious and legitimate objects, and that tiiey
report thereon at as early a day as practicable by
an additional rule or rules, or by legislation, or
otherwise.
Mr. POMEROY. The committee did re-
port on that subject, and they did adopt an
addition to the rule.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not on the subject-mat-
ter of this resolution.
Mr. POMEROY. On the same subject.
They reported that any amendment to a gen-
eral appropriation bill might be laid 011 the
table without affecting the bill. That was the
measure that the committee recommended to
free our appropriation bills from amendments
not germane to them.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am very sure there has
been no action taken on this subject since this
resolution was presented. The amendment
the Senator refers to does not touch the ques-
tion involved in this resolution at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent to call up this resolution at the
present time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suppose there is no
objection to referring the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The last part of
it seems to be rather mandatory in its charac-
ter. The first part of it is in the nature of an
inquiry; but the last part directs the commit-
tee to report something.
Mr. WRIGHT. Merely to report by rule or
otherwise.
