516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
do not defend any class there. I would I
had the gift of speech to express my abhor-
rence of all classes of politicians there. But
I think the gentlemen on the other side, whose
party in the time past, have had the means of
education, the means of enlightenment, the
means of civilization, the means of Christian-
ization in their own hands, ought to be the last
to taunt poor ignorant freedmen for being de-
based, when that debasement is the effects of
their enslavement.
But there are other things to which I wish
to allude. Several gentlemen have spoken in
regard to debts and taxation in these southern
States, and they have exaggerated so grossly
that I am unwilling that their statements should
go unchallenged. For instance, the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] says that the debts
of the southern States have been increased
since the war $250,000,000. Why, Mr. Speaker,
the debts of the States, of the counties, of the
cities, of all the municipal corporations in the
late rebellious States, will not reach that sum.
Mr. BECK. I want the House to recollect
that statement when the report of the commit-
tee comes in. I say there is an increase of
indebtedness of $2-50,000.000.
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman counts
from before the war-until now. He forgets tne
debt made during the war.
Mr. BECK. That was all repudiated.
Mr. STEVENSON. No, sir.
Mr. BECK. It was all repudiated by a pro-
vision in the fourteenth amendment.
Mr. STEVENSON. No sir, it was not all
repudiated. Only the rebel debt was repudi-
ated. Take the Stateof Virginia if you please.
In 1870, before reconstruction, the debt of that
State was over forty five millions. Now it
is less than forty-three millions—a decrease
since reconstruction ; and every dollar of this
debt is the old Democratic debt of the old
Democratic State of Virginia—debt created
before the war, increased by interest to 1870,
and decreased since by sale of assets.
Mr. PORTE 11. 'The gentleman is certainly
mistaken. The debt of Virginia now, under
Democratic rule, is 848,000,000.
Mr. STEVENSON. I have the correct
figures. "I know whereof I affirm." If there
are Republicans who seek to exaggerate
the debt of Virginia in order to make capital
against the Democratic government of that
State, I am not one of them.
Mr. POUTER, (in his seat.) Nor am 1.
Mr. STEVENSON. T state the facts lrom
official sources.
Now, Mr. Speaker, how is it about Louis-
iana ? I had supposed that regarding the debt
of that Stale there could be no exaggeration;
but the rhetorical gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Voorjiees] has been able to exaggerate
it. Jumping with his seven-league boots into
matters which he evidently has not considered,
he says, "The debt of Louisiana is some-
where from fifty to one hundred millions."
The fact is it is "somewhere" under forty
millions. The constitution limits it to twenty-
five millions, and they cannot go far beyond
that, though thev may attempt to do so. The
debt proper is $22,000,000, and to make forty
includes contingent and prospective contin-
gent liabilities for railroads and olher public
improvements. The constitution shears the
whole sum down to some figure within twenty
fivemillions. Her debtof twenty-two millions
includes that made to rebuild the levees, which
alone amounts to seven millions, and against
which no man says a word.
Mr. SHELDON, Allow me to add one
word. The present government of Louisiana
has paid, by issuing its bonds, $4,000,000 of
floating debt created by the Democratic Legis-
lature elected in 1865, which, by the way, was
the most expensive Legislature that has sat in
that Stale since the war, except the present
Legislature at its last session.
Mi. STEVENSON. All such things are
forgotten on the other side, if they were ever
known. They quite forget that when the recon-
structed government was inaugurated the debt
was $14,000,000; add $7,000,000 for levees,
and $21,000,000 are accounted tor.
The State of Texas is said to be overwhelmed
with debt. I have here the official statement,
which shows that the State of Texas has now
a debtof $1,454,887. That State has ninety mil-
lion acres of land. The value of property
there has increased more than one hundred
million dollars since the close of the war.
While property in slaves has been destroyed,
all other species of property in that State are
worth more than they were before the war.
Mr. BECK. Does not the gentleman know
that the Legislature of that State has given
away to railroads, without any lien or reserva-
tion, from twelve and a half to fourteen mil-
lion dollars, and that the taxation this year,
as shown by the books which the gentleman
has, is over five million dollars?
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not know what
the taxation in Texas is, but I know she is
building school-houses by the hundred, she is
establishing freeschools over that vastdomain,
an empire m itself. The first free common
school ever opened in Texas was begun last
September. Of course the State has had to
lay taxes to carry on this woik of education,
but her constitution requires it, and what have
gentlemen who denounce ignorance to say
against education? So far as lam advised, no
aid has yet been given in money or bonds to
railroads, though about twelve millions have
been promised to be properly secured.
I do not follow all these exaggerations, it
were improper at this hour; these instances
must, suffice to show their character: but! will
siale that the figures which I have been exam
ining and considering for several months will
show, when exhibited to this House and to the
country, that there has been in the South since
the close of the war an increase in the-value
of property to the exient of over three hun-
dred million dollars. This is the result, of the
voluntary labor of the freedmen whom the
Democrats refuse to educate, and would have
refused to liberate, and whom it appears they
would now disfranchise in orderto take soeiety
off its "apex," put it back "on its base."
According to the ideas of the degenerate Dem-
ocracy of these days, the base of i lie pyramid of
society is composed of the aristocratic few,
and the apex is formed by the people in mass.
Gentlemen indulge in declamation against
taxles in the southern States. The figures
will show that instead of taxation being gross
and burdensome in the South, the entire taxes,
State, county, city, and town were but little more
for 1870 in the eleven southern States, than
were levied in the same year for State and local
purposes in the single State of Ohio alone.
Has any gentleman anything to say against
Ohio? If be has let him say it, and he may
go unanswered. Not only does it compare so
favorably with Ohio, but it is not one half the
amount levied for 1870 in the Democratic
State of New York; though these States are
eleven, and contain many millions of peo-
ple; though they had to begin at the ground
and reestabl'sh governments which have been
overthrown in blood and ruin; though they
had to establish systems of education and
reestablish public improvements which had
been almost destroyed, and though they have
be°n compelled to fight the Ku Klux and the
Democratic party for every step of their
progress.
Mr. Speaker, one word as to the allegation
of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,]
that we do not allow the intelligent people to
vote in the South. The laws of the southern
States do not, nor do the laws of the United
States, disfranchise any of the people of the
South on account of rebellion save those sub-
ject to the provisions of the State constitu-
tion of Arkansas, which disfranchises those
who were guilty during the war of violations
of the laws of civilized warfare. We do not
know how many such persons are in that
State, but the number cannot be large. All
others are permitted to vote there, as all are
elsewhere 
Mr. BECK. Is it so in Louisiana?
Mr. STEVENSON. So far as I know it is
so, not only in Louisiana, but in all the States.
Jefferson Davis is a voter; Semmes is a voter;
Forrest, is a voter. The whole rank and file
of traitors from Davis down to Forrest are
voters, made so by the magnanimity of their
.country, which they would have destroyed,
and the liberality of their former slaves, whom
they would have held in perpetual bondage.
If any are prevented from voting it is not by
the laws of ihe States or of the United States,
but by frauds upon the laws.
It is said that, frauds are perpetrated in regis-
tration. I doubt not some frauds may have
been so committed. There is evidence of them
in several States. There will be frauds more
or less, especially in times of revolution.
Fraud is the natural resort of weakness against
violence, but perhaps more have been com-
mitted in the South than should have been
expected. I do not deny them, nor would I
palliate them nor shield their authors. I have
done, am doing, and shall do my utmost to
uncover, expose, and punish them ; but it is
my belief that if all the frauds that have been
committed in the South, political and financial,
from the beginning of reconstruction to this
day, were rolled into one mass and boiled to
the bitterest essence, and dropped in the cup
of Tammany, it would not make the slightest
perceptible difference in the contents of that
eup. [Laughter. J
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to saytliat
I do not wish to be considered as objeciing to
this resolution.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I did not sup-
pose this resolution would stirup the members
in this House to such a party pitch. I demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, (at
fiveo'clock and five minutes p.m.,) the House
adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c.,were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BECK : The petition of Buckner
& Bedford, and a large number of distillers in
the sixth and seventh Kentucky districts, pray-
ing changes in the mode of collecting taxes oti
distilled spirits and tobacco.
Also, the petition of W. A. Gaines & Co.,
E. H. Taylor, jr., and a large number of the
distillers of the sixth and seventh Kentucky
districts, praying a modification of the law im-
posing taxes on whisky and tobacco.
By Mr. BELL: The petitions of J. W.
Johnson and others, of Moody Currier and
others, and of Fiederick Smith and others,
citizens of New Hampshire, for the repeal of
the ;ax on pavings institutions.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
Joshua Paine and 157 others, citizens of Prov-
incetown, Massachusetts; also, the memorial
of Simeon Atwood and 62 others, citizens of
WellSeet, Massachusetts ; also, the memorial
of H. F. Atwood and 4G others, citizens of
Orleans, Massachusetts; also, tlie memorial of
Valentine B. Newcomb and 50others, citizens
of Brewster, Massachusetts; also, the memo-
rial of Eiastus Chase and 27 others, ciiizens
of Harwich, Massachusetts; also, the memorial
of Philip Smith and 51 others, citizens of
Eastham, Massachusetts; also, the memoiial
