464
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 21,
Senate.
Extension of Ku Klux Act—Mr. Bayard.
42i> Cong 2d Sess.
Mr. BAYARD. This is about a specimen
of these people. Here was a girl who did not
know anything about the nature of an oath,
and of course could swear to almost anything
she was asked, especially as she was paid two
dollars a day and large mileage. It was a
wearying business, and a very distressing one.
These people were very poor, of a very low
class, and many of them had been treated
most abominably; they had been whipped,
insulted, scourged, and no man could listen
to the details of their suffering without being
sick and indignant. It was a task which at
any time any man of feeling might well shrink
from.
But who would think of holding the mass
of the people of that State responsible for
these outrages, especially when it must be
remembered that, the people of Georgia have
not been allowed to haye the control of their
own State affairs until lately, for it has not
been until 1871 that a Legislature and a Gov-
ernor representing the sentiment of that State
have been permitted to hold office. The worst
of these outrages and these wrongs were com-
mitted when the State was under military rule,
committed at a time when the voice of the
people of Georgia was not to be heard, when
her Legislature was filled with men who were
incompetent to govern; and I put it to the
sense of justice of the Senate, is it not a
shameful thing to propose to hold the people
of a community responsible for acts which you
have by your laws and by the natural result
of your laws prevented them from prohibiting?
If the people of Georgia are given the pow-
er, then you have a right to couple with it the
responsibility, but so long as the policy of the
party now in power withheld from the natural
majority of that State the polilical power
which was theirs by right) you certainly had
no right to hold them responsible, or their
State government responsible for evils which
you took it out of their power to prevent.
And this remark applies not only to the State
of Georgia, but to other States of the South
whose governments "are the fruits of what is
known as reconstruction.
I was asked just now by the honorable Sen-
ator from Vermont about the extent of these
lawless bands and their existence. I will say
this to him, that the testimony as taken before
us in Georgia does not disclose a more lawless
condition of things than is to be found accord-
ing to the charge of Judge Dunham of the
State of Indiana in that State. Within the
last few months Judge Dunham charged the
grand jury at some point in Indiana in a case
of murder, and he said:
"Within the last four years in this judicial cir-
cuit"—
Not the whole State of Indiana, but in a
judicial circuit, which the honorable Senator
[Mr. Pratt] will probably know the extent
of—
"Within the last four years in this judicial cir-
cuit there have been thirteen men murdered before
these three. Jj'iva were hung upon the beech treos
below Seymour—I speak words plainly; I do not
mince them—one of whom was Jin orphan boy, just
arrived at the age of maturity, lett without mother,
worse than fatherless. 1 think h'e was less than
twenty-one. lie was one of the victims of that
murder. Two more were hung in the court-house
yaid at Brownstown ; four m the jail-yuid in the
very heart of New Albany, one of whom the whole
community now believe innocent—I mean the
youngest victim of the murder; two south of Or-
leans, between there and Seymour. I believe if you
count thorn you wilt find they number thirteen,
thirteen men hung by the neck in this district;
more men than have been judicially hanged m this
State, in my opmiun, since Indiana has been a
State 1"
Air. MORTON". What is the Senator read-
ing from V
Air. BAYARD. From the charge of Judge
Dunham to the grand jury in the case of mur-
der by a mob in Clark county.
Mr. MORTON. At Jeffersonville.
Mr. BAYARD. This is a statement by an
Indiana judge, not of thirteen, but after the
thirteen, three—sixteen murd-ers by mob law
in one judicial circuit in the State of Indiana
within four years. All I have to say is that
you may search the records of Georgia and
you can find no parallel there to that.
There was, as I have said, a great number,
far too great a number, of cases of cruelty and
oppression of the poor blacks. The thing
was to discover its cause; did it proceed from
political reasons; was there this pervading
association throughout the State controlling
public sentiment and paralyzing the arm of
the law? No, sir, nothing of that kind ap-
pears. The evidence taken by the committee
related to but a handful of counties at best,
and those chiefly the mountainous regions of
Georgia. The examination of United States
Collector Atkins, aud of the United States
assessor, Mr. Jennings, whose testimony is to
be found at page 1130, discloses the fact that
the chief cause of trouble where these organ-
ized bands were was the existence of illicit
stills.
There seems to be something in mountain-
ous countries particularly favorable to illicit
distillation. The highlands of Scotland have
been made famous by the pen of Scott; those
of Ireland likewise; and of every country;
even the mountains of the great State of Penn-
sylvania, I believe, are famous for the whiskies
they produce, and in the mountainous regions
of Georgiathere are numbers of stills. There
is no politics about that distillation; members
of all parties are very glad to engage in it and
to make profit by the dangerous and unlawful
trade. The history of these whippings and
scourging discloses that the victims are the
groups of unfortunate negroes who lived in
the neighborhood of these stills.
After a careful examination and sifting of
this testimony it will be found that these illicit
distillers, in order to conceal their wrongs,
banded themselves together and sought to
intimidate the colored people in their neigh-
borhood from giving testimony against them; or
in case they had given testimony, they would
whip them as a punishment. You will find that
the case not only with colored people, but white
people. A man named McCoy and his two
daughters were examined, and it was sought to
be charged that the destruction of his house by
fire had been from political reasons. But
when you came to learn the facts, it was that
he had become an informer upon these illicit
distillers, and that they had destroyed his
property in revenge for that. Nay, turther,
an exciseman, finding his way up among the
hills, was shot and killed. Some colored peo-
ple knew of the murder, and recognized one
or two of the men who were connected with it.
Unfortunately for themselves they spoke of it.
The result was that these fellows, outlaws
and scoundrels, banded themselves together,
in disguise, and cruelly whipped all the black
people in the neighborhood who ha(J knowl-
edge of these transactions, and who they were
afraid would come forward andgive testimony
against them. It was one of the features of
this investigation that the majority would call
half a dozen witnesses to prove the same fact,
anil thus they would appear to be several
facts.
Now, I stand here to aver that, by carefully
queslioning when I discovered thatdisposition,
it can be shown that perhaps forty or fifty
cases of outrage and whipping upon these un-
fortunate colored people arose from a single
murder committed for the protection of these
illicit stills. On this point you have the sworn
testimony of Mr. Atkins, the collector, and of
Mr. Jennings, the assessor, and you have it
of the United States officers, that these little
stills up among the mountains are very numer-
ous, that they can run them in secrecy, and
they resorted to this method of punishing those
who seek to inform upon them, for the penal-
ties, as you know, are exceedingly severe. I do
here state that this is the staple, this is the
bulk of the facts upon which it is sought to
make the people of the North believe that
there are combinations in Georgia too power-
ful for the laws of the State and intended to
overthrow the Government of the United
States. And here, standing in the Senate, in
the face of those who have seen this testimony
and read it and have it in their hands, I chal-
lenge any gentleman to produce the testimony
from this great bulk of any intelligent witness
who will of his own knowledge, or anything
approaching personal knowledge, state there
is anything like an organization hostile to
the Government of the United States in the
State of Georgia.
Mr. President, I have stated to the Senate
the results of a careful comparison of the testi-
mony taken by the sub-committee in Georgia
from the poor people who were the victims of
cruel whippings ancl punishments, and that
they were entirely devoid of polilical signifi-
cance. I have adverted to the testimony of
United States officials to corroborate the view
that the great bulk of these shameful outrages
upon the colored people and the poor white
people also were committed by lawless men
engaged directly or indirectly in the business
of illicit distillation. I will not say that every
case of whipping inflicted upon these people
was by illicit distillers or those combined with
them to prevent discovery of their traffic, but
in no case was there a trace of an organiza-
tion combined for any other general purpose
than that which I have stated. There were
cases of lynch law, where persons of lewd and
dissolute character were punished because
they were a scandal to the neighborhood.
The cohabitation of persons of different sexes
and races was resented by the people by such
punishment, and the parties so living together
were compelled to depart from the country.
Where crimes like those of the violation of
female chastity had occurred, the offender was
instantly lynched or compelled to leave the
country. Such cases, however, had in them
nothing to taint this character of offenses from
the ordinary class of similar acts of violence
in other States throughout the country.
Why, sir, I read the other day a case occur-
ring on the borders of Missouri or in Kansas,
I forget which, where the county officials had
reissued fraudulently some two hundred thou-
sand dollars of the county's bonds, and the
result was that lynch law in its widest applica-
tion was instantly organized, trains were
stopped by armed bauds of men, and the
offenders shot to death on the public highway
without anything like an attempt by the author-
ities to resist them. That case was bultwo weeks
ago. It will be remembered by the Senate and
by the country. Now, no such case signifying
such bold, open-handed, high handed, viola-
tion of law can be found in the history of
Georgia or Florida as given in the testimony.
They are both the same in that respect. Upon
my own responsibility, therefore, I would
answer the American Senate that in the State
of Georgia t,he,re is, in thefirst place, no secret
political organization shown by the testimony
to exist throughout the State, except those
political societies into which the colored peo-
ple are banded called Union Leagues or Lincoln
Brotherhoods; that even in different localities
there are no bands of disguised men organized
for any political purpose whatever, and that
there are in the State of Georgia no combina-
tions which the laws of that State, backed by
the present disposition of her people and her
present Governor and Legislature, are not will-
ing and amply able to compete with and over-
throw.
There is therefore no possible pretext, in
