1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
517
of Leighton & Co., and. 867 others, citizens of
Gloucester, Massachusetts : also, the memo-
rial of J. F. Grozier and 21 others, ship-mas-
ters of Boston, Massachusetts ; also, the memo-
rial of J. R. Baker and 79 others, citizens of
Dennis, Massachusetts, all praying the con-
struction of a light-house at Wood End bar,
in Provincetown, Massachusetts.
By Mr. OHIPMAN: The petition of Dr.
W. L. (J. Duhamel, for compensation for
attendance on military prisoners.
Also, the petition of Dr. Lemuel J. Draper,
for restoration to the United States Navy.
Also, the petition of the managers of the
National Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphan Home,
for an appropriation.
By Mr. COX: The memorial of William H.
Van Nortwick, concerning the prevention of
frauds in the return of distilled spirits and the
collection of revenue.
By Mr. DOX: The petition of G. B. Dou-
thit, a citizen of Calhoun county, in tlie State
of Alabama, praying the removal of his legal
and political disabilities.
By Mr. EAMES: The petition of E. R. Pot-
ter and others, of Kingston, Rhode Island:
also, the petition of the Phenix Savings Bank
and others, for repeal of the tax on savings
banks.
By Mr. FINKELNBITRG: The memorial
of the fire and marine insurance companies
of St. Louis, concerning the transportation of
hay on steamboats.
Also, the petition of Henry Wagner, of St.
Louis, for compensation for his homestead,
taken and destroyed by the military authori- .
ties during the late war of the rebellion.
By Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio: The memorial
of A. Schuyler Sutton, praying a pension.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: The petition
of pensioners of Ohio, for payment of pen-
sions through postmasters.
By Mr. GETZ: The petition of Peter B.
Levengood, Peter Eagle, R. B. Manger, and
38 others, workers in the boiler-plate mill at
Pine Iron Works, Berks county, Pennsylva-
nia, praying the repeal of all duties upon tea,
coffee, and other necessaries of life not pro-
duced in the United States, and remonstrating
against any change in the existing tariff laws
which will abate or abolish the duties upon
such articles as are successfully produced in
this country.
By Mr. HAR.MER: The memorial of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, workers in cotton and
wool, remonstrating against a change of exist-
ing tariff laws abating or abolishing duties
upon articles successfully produced in the
United States.
Also, the memorial of workers in steel and
iron, and manufacturers thereof, remonstrating
against a change of the existing tariff laws
abating or abolishing duties upon such articles
as are successfully produced in this country;
also, asking the repeal of all duties upon tea,
coffee, and such other articles as cannot be
produced in the United States.
Also, the memorial of manufacturers of steel
springs, remonstrating against a change of the
tariff laws abating duties upon articles success-
fully produced in the United States.
Also, a memorial asking a pension and for
relief of Martha Conway.
Also, the memorial of citizens in the naval
service of the United States, of the grade
known as mates in the United States Navy,
asking increase of pay.
By Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi: The peti-
tion of H. M. Thompson and others, citizens
of De Soto county, Mississippi, asking the
refunding of the tax collected on cotton in the
years 180-5, 1866, and 1867.
By Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia: The petition
of B. B. Bolts and others, heirs of John Minor
Botts, praying remuneration for property used
and destroyed by the United States Army
during the late rebellion.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of the Women's Economical Home-
stead League, of Boston, Massachusetts, for
the enactment of a woman's homestead law,
to enable women to become the owners of
homesteads from the public lands in their own
right.
By Mr. HOUGHTON: The memorial of
1,500 citizens and business men of Califor-
nia, asking a discontinuance of the coinage of
quarter and half dollars, and the substitution
therefor of coins of the value of two dimes and
four dimes.
Also the petition of citizens of Santa Cruz
and San Mateo counties, California, asking the
establishment of a post route from Santa Cruz
to Pescadero.
By Mr. KELLEY : The petition of John W.
Mears, executor of the late Henry D. Mears,
relative to a patent.
By Mr. KETCHAM: The petition of Mrs.
Jane E. Wiltsie, praying that a pension be
allowed her, to commence from the date of the
death of her husband.
By Mr. LOWE : The petition of pensioners,
citizens of Kansas, and soldiers of the late
war, for payment of pensions through post-
masters.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The petition of
Samuel P. Evans, of Knoxville, Tennessee,
late captain company A, fifth regiment Ten-
nessee infantry volunteers, praying an increase
of pension.
By Mr. McINTYRE: The memorial of citi-
zens of Effingham, Georgia, praying the enact-
ment of a law prohibiting the deduction of
any part of the pay of mail contractors for the
failure of the mails caused by high water, when
authenticated by the certificate of a postmaster
or the affidavit of a reliable person.
By Mr. MITCHELL: The petition of J. B.
Duran & Company and others, praying a modi-
fication of the tariff duties on sugar.
By Mr. MOORE: The petition of Oliver
N. Thatcher, late a private of company B.
ninety-ninth Pennsylvania volunteers, asking
a pension.
By Mr. MOREY: The memorial of citizens
of Louisiana, praying the refunding of the cot-
ton tax.
, Also, the petition of the Merchants' and
Manufacturers' Board of Trade, of Baton
Rouge, Louisiana, asking the establishment
of a navy-yard at that place.
By Mr. NEGLEY : The petition of 03 citi-
zens who served in the Union armies during
the late civil war, asking an amendment, to the
act to secure homesteads to actual settlers on
the public domain, approved May 20, 1862.
Also, the petition of 131 persons in the
Union armies during the late civil war, asking
an amendment to the act to secure homesteads
to actual settlers on the public domain, ap-
proved May 20, 1862.
By Mr. PALMER : The petition of citizens
of Dallas county, Iowa, praying the passage
of a law giving to each Union soldier and
sailor of the late war one hundred and sixty
acres of land.
Also, the petition of certain citizens of Iowa,
for the passage of a law authorizing payment
of pensioners through post offices.
By Mr. PERCE: The memorial of citizens
of Wilkinson county, Mississippi, asking the
restoration of taxes collected upon cotton.
By Mr. PERRY', of Ohio: The petition of
Joseph Kinsey and 85 others, protesting against
the removal of protection to home industry.
Also, the petition of John Burgoyue, pres-
ident of the National Insurance Company of
Cincinnati, and many others, underwriters,
praying that no distinction be allowed by law
between the steam-pressure permitted on pas-
senger and on freight boats.
Also, the petition of F. Holliday, United
States commissioner for the southern district
of Ohio, praying the enactment of a law empow-
ering United States commissioners to enforce
the collection of seamen's wages.
By Mr. PETERS: The petition of Joseph
and Mary Darling, for arrears of pension.
Also, the petition of Samuel Dearborn, for
increase of pension.
Also, the petition of Martha R. White, for
a pension.
By Mr. PLATT: The petition of John H.
Bell and others, citizens of Petersburg, Vir-
ginia, for the passage of a supplemental civil
rights bill.
Also, the petition of Reuben Iiagland, J. P.
Williamson and others, citizens of Petersburg,
Virginia, for immediate action on the tobacco
By Mr. PORTER: The petition of James
A. Scott & Co. and others; also, the petitions
of E. & S. Wortham & Co. and others; and
James Johnson and others, all citizens of
Richmond, Virginia, praying that the tax on all
descriptions of manufactured tobacco entering
the market tor consumption be established at
the rate of sixteen cents per pound.
Also, the petition of J. B. Pace, tobacco
manufacturer, and 142 operatives, citizens of
Richmond, Virginia, praying that the rate of
tax on all descriptions of manufactured tobacco
entering the market for consumption be estab-
lished at the uniform rate of sixteen cents per
pound.
By Mr. PRICE: The petition of Mrs. Eliza
Peck, of Lumpkin county, Georgia, for a pen-
sion.
Also, the petition of Wiley C. Andrews, of
company A, first Georgia volunteers, for pay
and bounty.
Also, the petition of Elizabeth Woods, widow
of William Woods, of Lumpkin county, Geor-
gia, praying pay for the services of her hus-
band as an interpreter under Colonel Hemy
B. Shaw, United States enrolling agent, Cher-
okee treaty of 1880.
By Mr. RAINEY : The petition of Thomas
Patton, Robert Preston, G. W. Walker, N.
Austin, and 110 others, colored citizens of
Tennessee, praying the passage of the supple-
mental civil rights bill.
By Mr. RICE, of Kentuckv: The petition
of James Evans, guardian, &e., asking pen-
sions for William E. and John M. Farley,
infant heirs of A. J. Farley, deceased, late of
the fifth Virginia volunteer infantry.
By Mr. E. H. ROBERTS: A petition for
the relief of the New Yorker Democrat.
By Mr. SAWYER: The petition of the
Grand Army of the Republic of Wisconsin,
asking that no actual residence shall be required
of soldiers and sailors before receiving title to
lands selected by them.
By Mr. SHOBER: The petition of manu-
facturers, consumers, growers of and dealers
in tobacco in North Carolina, praying the pas-
sage of laws establishing a uniform rate of tax
of sixteen cents per pound on all manufactured
tobacco entering the market for consumption,
and that said tax be paid by stamp before leav-
ing the place of manufacture.
By Mr. SLOSS : The petition of John W.
Barnerand others, citizens of Colbert county,
Alabama, praying Congress to refund the cot-
ton tax.
Also, the petition of O. A. Van Hook, of
Lawrence county, Alabama, for removal of his
political disabilities, imposed by the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution.
By Mr. SNAPP: Sundry petitions against
a change of the tariff laws upon such articles
as are successfully produced in this country.
By Mr. SNYDER: Two petitions from a
number of citizens of Arkansas, praying to
have the cot:on tax refunded.
By Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania : The
petitions of Benjamin Clark, John McGhee,
and others, for a pension to Benjamin Clark.
Also, the petition of W. 0. Jardine. for a
law authorizing the Commissioner of Patents
to entertain his application for the issue of a
patent for an improvement in cart-brakes and
rests.
