1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3205
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman talks to-day,
as it is his chronic habit to do here, about
the laboring men of the country, but when he
utters one word for the laborer of the country
he utters nine at least for protection, for the
rich and the monopolists. When he utters
one word in the interest of the toiling millions
he utters nine in favor of bounty to protec-
tionists, men who by the aid of his laws are
able to appropriate more than ninety per cent,
of the earnings of the toil and sweat of the
people.
Now, why did the gentleman antagonize the
bill offered by the majority of the committee?
The bill offered by him made pretty large reduc-
tions, but almost every one of his reductions
was made on things on which the taxes are for
revenue alone, not one being for protection,
not one of his proposed reductions being for
the purpose of reaching these bounties.
I wish to reduce taxes where the reduction
will not only reduce the tax, but the bounty
too. Thus 1 would save to the people of the
country, and to the labor of the country, four
dollars in bounty for every dollar I save in
taxes on protected articles. Taxes for protec-
tion are not for revenue, and they never
reach the Treasury. They are gathered by the
favorites of the Government. The Govern-
ment of Great Britain, the abused and (by pro-
tectionists) hated Government of Great Britain,
has no favorites, imposes no tax on part of
her people for the use of other portions,
but treats all alike, taxes all in reasonable
proportions for revenue alone. That is the
reason protectionists hate England. But that
is the reason why I have respect for her and
for the sturdy honesty and equality of her
laws.
There is no need of protection in this coun-
try. Everybody who is not an idiot knows
that the wealth of this country needs no pro-
tection. It rules labor already with absolutely
autocratic sway. And I ask, why should we
go further in giving aid to capital? Let us
look toward the poor, and the people, and
make laws that will do them justice. That is
what we should do.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to say a word or
two in regard to this abolition of the duty on
tea and coffee, the bill effecting which was
adopted, I am glad to say, by both Houses of
Congress, and which was quickly signed by the
President.
I maintain, sir, that there were two good
reasons for taking off this duty. It had per-
haps been justifiable as a war necessity, but
itwasa tax which reached every man, woman,
and child. The benefit, therefore, of the abo-
lition of the tax extended everywhere. In ad-
dition, it reduced the revenues of the Govern-
ment to an extent exceeding fifteen million
dollars, and thereby decreased the temptation
to Congress to waste the public revenues.
Now, I wish to tell the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Kekr] a few facts connected with
the city which I have the honor in part to rep-
resent. The presenting of these facts may
assist the intelligence of that gentleman, or if
not his intelligence, that of some other mem-
ber of this House. What do we find by the
census? Why, sir, the census of 1870 devel-
ops the fact that there were $61,000,000 of
wages distributed in that city among one hun-
dred and thirty-seven thousand men, women,
and children. And was I to cast my vote so
as to impair the prosperity of those people ?
Never 1
Moreover, there are eight thousand three
hundred large and small manufacturing estab-
lishments in the city of Philadelphia employ-
ing capital to the amount of $200,000,000.
And in the year 1870 there were $189,000,000
worth of raw material used ; and the industri-
ous people whom I have the honor in part to
represent produced $334,000,000 worth of
manufactures. And yet gentlemen who stand
here pretending to be patriotic would strike
down such interests as that. I am glad that
I have nerve and courage sufficient to resist
them, whether they are inside or outside of
my party.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Chairman, the people of
this country are quite as competent to decide
this question of the duty on tea as we ourselves
can be. Gentlemen on the other side of the
House speak as though they were the only
persons who had judgment to decide this ques-
tion. Now, the peopleTtnow just as much about
this question as we do. As a matter of fact.
I think the constituency of any gentleman on
this floor is just as competent to decide this
question as the Representative himself is. For
my own district, I can say wil.h a great deal
of satisfaction that the one hundred and sixty
thousand people whom I represent are wiser
on the questions we decide here than I am,
or than any other Representative they ever did
elect or ever can elect can be. If other con-
stituencies do notstandin the same relation to
their Representatives, 1 am sorry for the con-
stituency.
Now, as to the matter of fact, the people
of this country are more unanimous upon the
question of the reduction or the abolition of
the duty on tea and coffee than upon any
question connected with the subject of tariff
and taxation. Everybody agrees there shall
be a reduction. The people are united upon
the question of reducing or abolishing the
duties on these articles; and wisely so, be-
cause, as the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Randall] has said, the tax on these
articles reaches more people than any other.
There is not a class; there is not a section ;
there is not an individual; there is no one
young or old who is not affected and benfited
by the abolition of this duty ; not one. The
benefit is extended in a greater degree by
bringing tea and coffee within the reach of
every family, of every member of every family
throughout the whole country, than it can be
by any other change of the tariff in any manner
or way whatever.
Gentlemen on the other side talk about pro-
tection as robbery; but, sir. there cannot be
one dollar levied on any imported article that
is not protection to somebody in some degree.
The alternative of what they call protection,
when you come to the abstract principle, is
direct taxation according to the numbers of
the people. If gentlemen want to protest
against protection in any form they must, upon
the abstract principle, take the only alterna-
tive, which is direct taxation. That is pro-
vided in the Constitution. It was intended
that the Government should be supported by
one or the other of those principles—either by
direct taxes or else by the duty on imports.
I charge upon the Democratic party of this
country, by their continued warfare upon the
abstract principle of protection, the continu-
ance of these high tariffs. If they were ready
to accept a moderate tariff, such as the inter-
ests of the country demand, they would find
the people ready to accept such a tariff, but by
trying to do away with everything that bears the
form of protection, they compel all men who
are in favor of reduced taxes and a moderate
tariff to join themselves to those wlio, like the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,]
go protection wild on what they call a prin-
ciple.
Let them accept a reduction of taxation. If
they will accept the principle of protection
which necessarily accompanies the imposition
of one dollar or one dime or one cent on im-
ported articles, then let them accept the prin-
ciple as an alternative for direct taxation, and
there will be then no difficulty in establishing
a tariff which will be acceptable to all sections
of the country.
[Here the hammer fell]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted
upon the pending amendment.
,Mr. BECK. I withdraw my amendment to
the amendment, and move to amend the
amendment so as to make the duty on tea two
cents per pound. I am not going to prolong
this debate, and I would not have risen now,
because I know that free tea and coffee is a
foregone conclusion ; that I admit, however
reluctantly. But I rise to say to my friend
from New York, [Mr. Wood,] who replied to
me, that while I admit that free tea and cof-
fee is a foregone conclusion, I made the allu-
sion to him which 1 did because I regarded it
as a blunder for him, and men who feel as he
does, to unite with the high protective tariff
men who are anxious to accomplish that result.
That is the only intimation I made against
him, if he can call that one; but I was aston-
ished to see him, with all his sagacity, unite
with those gentleman when that was their pur-
pose. In reply to what the gentleman intimates,
that he could if he would show that I was
operating in the interest of some ring in New
York, I rise to say to this House that I am
in the interest of no ring.
Mr. WOOD. Permit me to correct the
gentleman. I stated that were I to reply in
the same spirit in which he assailed me I could
say that he was acting in that interest, as he
had charged me with acting in another in-
terest.
Mr. BECK. Precisely; I said I regretted
to see him unite with those men when that
was their purpose ; that is all 1 said. L want
the House aud the country to understand that
no intimation, direct or indirect, which sug-
gests that it could be shown that I was in the
interest of anybody is entitled to the least con-
sideration. My object was to reduce taxation
where I could, and to reduce bounties at the
same time. When 1 was for free tea and cof-
fee m 1869, there was a high protective tan If
Committee of the Way and Means in this
House, which it was known would rpr'r, Q
nothing, and the result showed it. At this
session for the first time the majority of the
Committee of Ways and Means were known
to be in favor of revenue reform. And it
was when that committee were deliberating,
with their known sentiments, that, free tea
and coffee was pushed through this House.
The committee therefore were compelled to
recognize the fact that the free tea and cof-
fee bill would be passed, and they were unable
to reduce, as they would otherwise have
done, the bounties on other articles. I desire
merely to say this further, that the little bill
we did introduce shows that while reducing
the revenue $8,000,000 we reduced the boun-
ties $45,000,000. Our great complaint was
against the bounties, and our aim was to strike
them down, as the following table taken from
the bill shows:
Reduction on
Reduction coxt of do-
of revenue. mextie pro-
duction.
Salt  JG15.522 81,175,000
Leather  329,258 3,8'J0,0(H)
Iron   2,135,223 ll),583,000
Steel  745.5*9 1,728,00(1
Woolens  4,!it>7,452 ZUMl.Oni)
Cottons  ,/S8,72i 5,IKJO,('D0
Total S8.781.718 $45,318, HM
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORGAN, There is one subject con-
nected with this discussion which lias not been
referred to, I believe, by either the gentlemen
who favor free tea and coffee or those who
insist that those articles should be placed on
the tariff list. It was the undoubted purpose
of most of the gentlemen from the great cities,
with the exception of my honorable colleague
from New York, [Mr. Wood,] to keep the,
tariff on tea and c fiee in order that the income :
tax might be abolished. Such was the object
and purpose of the honorable gentleman fiom
New York. [Mr. Brooks ]
Mr. Brooks, of New Ymk, shook his head.
Mr. MORGAN. The gentleman shakes his
head, yet such is the fact. '1'he New York
Post is the leading free-trade journal of the
