466
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 21,
Senate.
Extension of Ku Klux Act—Mr. Bayard.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
be walked into court to plead to those indict-
ments, and his answer was in each case a par-
don before trial or conviction. To use the
language of the witness to me, he shelled out
his pardons in advance, for Governor Bullock
would give them to him at any time he needed
them. Here stands the record: "accessor}'
before the fact to the crime of murder. Plea,
of pardon before conviction." And so the
same- plea is ready in the other cases.
What hope, what chance is there in a com-
munity where an exposed malefactor of this
ljrind shall have at his back the Executive of
the State, who is to give him a blank indulg-
ence tor all his cranes, and furnish him with
pardons before he can be tried for their com-
mission? Yet this man was here. I do not
believe his character was known by such a
man as the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Scott.] £ believe he would be as loathsome
to him as he is to me.
Why, sir, in Georgia, after this impeach-
ment of his character, after this testimony,
Norris present during the whole time in the
town of Atlanta, possessing the friendly con-
fidence of the chairman of that committee,
who resented any comment upon his character
and conduct, did his best to find a respectable
white man in Georgia who would come there
to testify anything in his favor. He produced
but one,' and he utterly failed him by saying
that be knew nothing at all about him. He
was unable, on his own soil in the State of
Georgia, with all the favor of the com-
mittee, with the power of all the process of
the Government to bring him witnesses—he
was unable to produce one man who would
say that he would believe him on his oaih.
And yet that is the man who comes all the
way from Georgia, whose testimony occupies
many pages of the book, and the American
people are asked to believe on any subject
that his interest or his passicms may dictate
to him to tell an untruth.
That abuse of the pardoning power was one
of the most despairing facts to the people of
Georgia. The people of the North cau
scarcely comprehend to what the abuse led,
and the feeling of insecurity that pervaded a
community where they knew that so far from
crime being punished by the officials of the
State, there was absolutely an inducement to
commit it. Let me state here to the Senate
a single case proven by the testimony of wit-
nesses.
An old colored man, his wife, and J believe
his adopted son, were sitting at the door of
their cabin, and a bullet iiied from a gun iu
the hands of one of three men took his life.
The men were not in disguise, and they were
recognized by the old woman and the son, and
complaint lodged against them. * They fled the
country. Governor Bullock offered a reward
of $2,000 upon the head of each. The reward
was successful, and the three men were taken
into custody and put in jail, and the $0,000
was paid to the person who secured ihem.
Within three months time they broke jail and
made their escapc. Governor Bullock offered
$6,000 more for, those same men. Two of
them accepted the offer and returned, and
$4,000 more was paid out of the treasury of
that impoverished State for the lecapture
of these criminals. The third man never
returned. The two men were tried ; they were
convicted by a Georgia jury ; they were par-
doned by Governor Bullock befuie they had
been in jail two weeks, and one of the prose-
cuting officers appointed by Bullock, a man
named Forsyth, who was here as one of the
witnesses, is proven by his own testimony to
have received a portion of that reward, $750.
Now, can the imagination portray a mote
hopeless, desperate conditiou of public affairs
than that? Why, sir, it was currently stated
that a man would commit a crime in order to
obtain part of the reward for his own appre-
hension, because he knew he could purchase
a pardon for half the amount of the reward
that was offered, and that was the history of
u reconstruction " justice ; that is the history
proven before this committee ; that is the
history that no man can doubt the truth of if
he will go down there. And that was the gov-
ernment, to which these people were subjected,
and to which they were asked to be faithful
and dutiful. Why, Mr. President, what com-
munity in the -northern States would not
instantly take the law into their own hands if
they found a government so false to its trust as
the one which I have described, and which this
evidence proves to have existed in Georgia?
What I have mentioned is but one case out
of many. No crime so black but that a par-
don could be secured either before or after
conviction from Governor Bullock. What a
hopeless condition of society was that! And
yet that was the condition in which the policy
heretofore pursued by Congress toward that
people placed them. Are they to be blamed
that lawlessness, that disorder, that discontent
should follow such a state of things? I leave
the answer to any fair-minded man in any
part of this country.
Mr. President, the class of men whom I
sought to have summoned, and did have sum-
moned before that sub-committee, were those
whose position, whose personal character,
whose political affiliations, all, I thought, were
calculated to have weight with the dominant
party in Congress, upon whose will and upon
whose pleasuie the fate of the South so much
depended. Earnestly, sincerely I sought to
find the truth and let it speak and plead for
these vanquished and most unjustly dealt with
people, i did not summon a man whom you
term a rebel. Excepting in a few cases I did
not summon a man whose political position or
prejudices could alarm you. I took men of
your own party; the appointees of Governor
Bullock himself orPresident Grant; the north-
ern men who had been in the State and made
their homes there, to come and speak the
truth for the sake of simple justice to the peo-
ple among whom they lived, and they came
and they have spoken, and their testimony
is here. It cannot be impeached and its force
cannot be denied.
Let me refer you to the testimony of Cap-
tain B. Ii. True. It is to be found at page
715 of the Georgia testimony, lie was called
at my lequest. He was born in the county of
Monroe, New York. He was an officer in the
United States Army, in the one hundred and
thirty-sixth New York volunteers. He came i
to Georgia in November, 18G5, and he had
served through the war. He went down to
Georgia to settle himself as a farmer among
the people whom he had It ft as a soldier, and
a hostile soldier. I asked him :
" Question. Will y^ou state what has been your
reception by the people of Georgia since you came
among them ?
" A uswer. It has been friendly.
"Question. And kind?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. Have you been successful in your
farming operations?
" Answer, I have been as successful as I could be
under the circumstances.
" Quest ion. As successful as your neighbors?
"Answer. Yes,sir; more so.
"Question. Have you tound among the people of
Georgia that your being a northern man and a € nion
soldier has stood in your way and prevented your
success in any way at all?
" Answer, I have never been able to detect it.
" Question. Have you met with rudeness or insult,
became of your having been a Union soldier and a
northern man. since you came here ?
" Amiot.r. Never.
" Quest ton. Have you been constantly employed
with your farming arrangements there; have you
been busy with tnem?
" Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. What hands have you employed?
"Answer. Mostly negroes; I have had some poor
whites and some laboieis from the Nin th.
" Question. You have employed negroes chiefly ?
'* Answer. Yes. sir.
" Question. Are your relations with your neighbors
arouud you those of the usual social courtesy that
exists in the northern States?
" Anstoer, Yes, sir; so far as I have courted tliei*
society.
" Question. What is the condition of those colored
people employed by you and by farmers around
you; are they generally contented ?
" Answer. They seem to be.
" Question. So far asyouhavebeen able to observe,
what is the general treatment they receive ?
"Answer, It has generally been good. I have
heard of little disturbances occasionally, but never
of that character that amounted to anything.
" Question. Sofarasyou have beenable to observe,
is the temper of the white men of Georgia fair and
kind toward the colored people employed by them ?
' Annoer, I think it is with all the intelligent peo-
ple. I know there are some exceptional cases, but
they uie ignorant men, generally speaking, and in
isolated places. So far as my observation has gone
with the intelligent people, I know them to be fair.
I have been an officer of the State Agricultural
Society for three years or more; "I helped to reorgan-
ize that body, and I have probably been as intimately
connected with the prominent men of this State as
most any other man in ray position.
" Question. You are therefore enabled to speak as
to the condition of things in the State ?
"Answer. I think so.
M Question. Outside of your own immediate per-
sonal operations as a farmer ?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. Do you know of oases through your
country where colored men rent land on shares, to
return a portion of the products to the land-owner ?
"Answer, Yes, sir; it is quite customaiy with
farmers, though pait of the farmers pay stand-
ing wages.
*' Question. Do you know cases where colored men
take land on that system ?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. Do you know that as a rule the set-
tlements made by the land-owners with those peo-
ple are justly and fairly made?
14 Answer. So tar as I know, they are. I can state
this much, that I have never yet had a settlement
with the hands upon my farm but what I have had
trouble. I take it foi? granted that southern men
have had the same trouble, and that it has piobably
originated in the s;ime way. Of course, I have no
means of knowing definitely, but I take it fur granted.
The negroes are ignorant, and they are alwujs in-
clined to be suspicious; although a person may try
to do justice by them, i do not thmk they appreciate
it. That is my experience, and it has invariably
been so. The more I have tried to reason with them,
and to show them the whys and wherefores, I have
only made it worse. Still, I have got along very
well; I have no particular fault to find, only that
they are in that fix, and I cannot help it. I have
now hands that I hired when I first went there.
*' Question. Then there are differences between
them growing out of these causes ?
"Answer, Yes, sir.
" Question. And complaints of their employers
growing out of their suspicions ?
"Answer, Yes, sir. I think that as a general
thing the complaints are groundless. There may
be exceptional cases; I would not. say that there are
no cases of unfairness on the part of whito men.
" Question, That is, the usual amount of human
injustice everywhere, I presume?
"^Lnrn't-r. Yes, sir.
"Question. What wottld be the general public
opinion in Georgia of the white man who would
wrong a negro in respect to Ins share ot the crops ?
"Answer. I think it would be exactly the samo
that it would be in my own town at home. I speak
of what I know, of the good solid men in our county.
I do not honestly think they would uphold or sus-
tain any such conduct. I have been unacquainted
with the courts, but I think I speak intelligently
upon that point.
" Question. In the course of your residence here in
this State, have you visited the courts of justice and
seen them in operation ?
" Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. Do you believe that the administration
of justice in Georgia is reasonably fair to all men of
all classes?
"Answer. Well, I think it is, so far as my own
county is concerned. I have never seen anything iu
any of our courts there that i could make an excep-
tion to. Ot course I cannot speak tor all parts of
Georgia.
" Question. Suppose a negro was really wronged by
his landlord in a settlement, and should bring his
case before the courts ot your county, do you believe
he would have justice done him by the judge and by
the jurors?
"Answer. I think that cases of that kind have
occuncd, where the negroes have brought their
complaints before the courrs, and I have never heaid
of any trouble on that score. I think they havu
always been fairly dealt with; at least there has
been no complaint to my knowledge but what the
courts have done as fairly by them as by white men.
"Question. Now, in regard to personal quarrels
and conflicts, if any man. white or black, is the vic-
tim of an unlawful assault, whereby his person is
endangered, would he have a chance in your courts
there to punish the perpetrator, or to recover civil
damages for any injuries ho may have received?
