4102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May. 31,
an act entitled ' An act donating public lands
to the several States and Territories which
may provide colleges for thfe benefit of agri-
culture and the mechanic arts,' approved July
2, 1862, so as to extend the time within which
the provisions of said act shall be accepted
and such colleges established," approved Julv
23, 1866.
Mr. PERCE. ' I move that this bill be
referred to the Committee ou Education and
Labor.
The motion was agreed to.
HARMON E. AViS NX WORTH.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1105) for the relief of
Harmon B. Wentworth, late second lieutenant
fourteenth New York heavy artillery.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Paymaster General of the United States
Army to pay to Harmon E. Wentworth, late
second lieutenant of company D, fourteenth
regiment New York heavy artillery, the full
pay and emoluments of a second lieutenant of
heavy artillery, from June 7, 1864, to April
16, 1865, and also to allow him what he may
have refunded of the three months' pay proper
paid to hitn under act of March 3,1865, deduct-
ing therefrom all pay he may have received
from the Government as an enlisted man for
that period.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I ask that this bill be
passed.
The bill was passed.
WILKEN BIESTERFELDT.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1071) for the relief ot' the
heirs of Wilken Biesterfeldt, late of Spitzen-
dorf, Germany.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue and de-
liver to the envoy and minister plenipotentiary
of the German empire to the United States,
for the use of the legal representatives of
Wilken Biesterfeldt, late of Spitzeudorf', Ger-
many, duplicate bonds of the United States
(described in the bill) amounting to $2,850,
which bonds were destroyed by fire in Spitz-
endorf on the 5tli day of April, 1870.
Mr. H0LMAN. There being a general law
uhder which these duplicate bonds may be
issued, there is of course no necessity lor
the passage of this bill. The general law
covers the case very clearly.
Mr. SCOPIELD. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Banking and
Currency.
The motion was agreed to.
DENVER AND RIO QUANDE RAILWAY COMPANY
The next business on the Speaker's table
Was the bill (S. No. 984) granting the right
of way through the public lands to the Denver
and Bio Grande Railway Company.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I ask that this bill be
passed.
_ The bill was read. It provides that the
right of way over the public domain, one hun-
dred feet in width on each side of the track,
together with such public lands adjacent thereto
as may be needed for depots, shops, and other
buildings for railroad purposes', and for yard-
room and side-tracks, not exceeding forty acres
at anyone station, and not more than one sta-
tion in every five miles, and the right to take
from the public lands adjacent thereto stone,
timber, earth, water, and other material re-
quired for the construction and repair of its
railway and telegraph line, be granted and con-
firmed to the Denver and Rio Grande Kail-
way Company, a corporation duly created
under the incorporation laws of the Territory
of Colorado, its successors and assigns; and
all the rights, powers, and Iranchises conferred
by those laws on corporations created under
them for constructing and operating railroad
and telegraph lines are ratified and confirmed
to the above-named railway company, its suc-
cessors and assigns; and the same rights, pow-
ers, and franchises conferred by the general
incorporation laws of the Territory of Colorado
for the construction of railroads and telegraph
lines are granted to the company, its suc-
cessors and assigns, for the extension and
operation of its railway and telegraph line in
and through any contiguous Territory of the
United States to the northern boundary line
of Mexico, subject to compliance with the
conditions and requirements of the general
incorporation laws of such Territory so far as
the same are applicable and not inconsistent
with the laws of the United States; and the
same rights, powers, and privileges conferred
upon the Union Pacific Railroad Company by
section three of an act approved July 2, 1864,
are conferred upon the above-named com-
pany, its successors and assigns.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I
move to amend by striking out "forty"
and inserting "twenty," and by striking out
"five" and inserting "ten;" so as to read,
"not exceeding twenty acres at any one sta-
tion aud not more than one station in every
ten miles;" and also by adding at the end of
the bill the following:
Provided, That said company shall complete Its
railwav to a point on the Rio Grande as far south as
Sante Fe within four years after the passage of this
act, and sliaU complete fifty miles additional south
of said point in each year thereafter: and in default
thereof the rights and privileges herein granted shall
be rendered null and void so far as respects the
unfinished portions of said road: And provided fur-
ther, That nothing in this act contained shall be
construed as affirming or denying the right of any
Territory to incorporate a railroad company.
_ Mr. HOLM AN. ^he last clause of this
bill refers to a certain act. I would like to
have some explanation of that.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. It is
an act of Congress with regard to the Union
Pacific Railroad Company, authorizing the
ascertainment of damages by three persons to
be appointed by the court, and providing that
if such persons cannot agree the question
may then be carried before a jury.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is that the only effect of
the act referred to ?
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Yes,
sir; it provides merely for the assessment of
damages.
The amendments offered by Mr. Townsend,
of Pennsylvania, were adopted ; and the bill,
as amended, was passed.
REAli ADMIRALS ON THE RETIRED LIST.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 505) to fix the pay of cer-
tain officers on the retired list of the Navy;
which was taken up, aud read a first and second
time.
The bill, which was read, provides that from
and after the 30th of June, 1870, rear admi-
rals on the retired list of the Navy, who were
retired as captains, when the highest grade in
the Navy was captain, at the age of sixty-two
years, or after iorty-five years' service, and
who, after their retirement, were promoted to
the grade of rear admiral, and performed the
duties of that grade in time of war, shall,
when not on duty, be entitled to and receive
the pay of rear admirals on the retired list.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds vot-
ing in the affirmative,) and the bill was passed.
PAYMASTER GEORGE 1'. CUTTER.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 171) for the relief of Pay-
master George F. Cutter; which was taken up,
and read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
accounting officers of the Treasury Depart-
ment be authorized to credit George F. Cutter,
paymaster in the United States Navy, with the
sum of $254 in coin, now checked against him
on the books of that Department, being the
amount stolen from the funds of the United
States, on board the ship Piscataqua, in the har-
bor of Yokohama, Japan, in September, 1868.
Mr. HOLMAN. I should like toask whether
any committee had occasion to examine this
subject; otherwise I move that it be referred
to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
OFFICERS AND CREW 01' THE VICKSBURG.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 1026) for the relief of the
officers and crew of the United States steamer
Vicksburg; which was taken up, and read a,
first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Navy, in conjunction with
the Secretary of the Interior, is authorized
to draw from the Navy pension fund the moiety
of the proceeds of seventy-eight bales of cot-
ton picked up at sea by the officers and crew
of the United States steamer Vicksburg, on the
31st day of May and the 1st day of June, 18C4,
said moiety having been erroneously credited
to said fund, and directs the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury to distribute and pay
the same to the officers and crew of said vessel
as provided by law.
Mr. HAYS. I move that that bill be referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SUTHERLAND, A similar bill was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and that committee directed the bill to be re-
ported back favorably. I ask that the report
of the Committee on Naval Affairs be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
The Committee on Naval Affairs, to whom was
referred the claim of Commander D. L. Braine for
remuneration for seventy-eight bales of cotton
nicked up at sea by the United States steamer
Vicksburg, report:
That 011 the 31st of May and 1st of June, 1864, tho
United States steamer Vicksburg, Lieutenant Com-
mander D. L. Braine in command, picked up at sea
seventy-eight bales of cotton. The cotton was adrift
fifty miles or more off the ooast of North Carolina.
The evidence shows that it was derelict. It was
taken by the Vicksburg to Norfolk, and thence was
shipped to Boston. On its arrival there, and in the
absence of Commander Braine, it was libeled in the
district court of the United States by the United
States attorney as prize of war. It was condemned
and sold as such. The result was that only one
half of the proceeds was awarded to the officers and
crew of the Vicksburg. The other half was paid into
the Treasury of the United States to the credit of
the pension fund.
These proceedings were instituted in ignorance of
the facts which constituted the case, one of salvage
and not of prize, and in the absence of the officers
entitled to claim as salvors. The decree was entered
by default; and no claimant has appeared to claim
any part of the proceeds as original owner. A peti-
tion was filed in court to correct the mistake in tho
Proceedings, but no action was ever taken thereon.
Under tho law applicable to such a case the find-
ers of this cotton were entitled to the entire pro-
ceeds, in the absence, for a year and a day, of any
claimant as original owner. And by the eleventh
section of the act of June 30,1864, they are distrib-
uted under the direction of the Secretary of the
.Navy.
The committee recommend the passage of the
accompanying joint resolution.
Sir. HOLMAN. I should like to hear a word
of explanation beyond that report. A naval
vessel ot the United States finds cotton afloat
on the high seas, takes it to Boston, where
it is libeled in the district court aud sold,
one half of the proceeds of the sale going to
the officers and men of the vessel and tbe
other into the Treasury to the credit of the
Navy pension fund. Now, I should like to
know what has been the policy of the Govern-
ment in reference to such cases. It seems to
me the officers of the Navy are entitled to one
half according to our former policy, but I
never knew we had gone to the extent of'giv-
ing the whole of the captured property.
Mr. SU1HERLAND. The uniform prac-
tice of the Government in the case of salvage
where property has been taken up as derelict
has been to pay so much salvage as the servies
properly entitles the salvors to, the remainder
going into the Treasury subject to order for
the limited-period of one year, and not being
called for it has uniformly, according to the
rulings, been paid over to the salvors.
But inasmuch as these proceedings were
instituted in ignorance of the fact, upon the
supposition that J,he cotton was taken as law-
ful prize of war, it was distributed accordingly.
