2810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
Government against fraudulent abrasion and
other practices.
The fifteenth section also provides for the
exchange at the mints at Philadelphia and San
Francisco of light gold coins whieh have not
been tampered with for new silver coins of the
same nominal value.
The effectof these provisions will be to keep
coins of full weight m circulation and protect
the public from lossandimposition. The Gov-
ernment will realize a profit of from two to
three per cent, on the silver exchanged for gold
coins, and this will doubtless counterbalance
the loss on the gold received through the Uni-
ted States Treasury for recoinage.
There is one other feature of this bill to
whieh the attention of the House ought per-
haps to be called. I refer to the provision
contained in the forty seventh section author-
izing the mints to exchange under proper
restrictions unparted for parted or refined
bullion.
All bullion received at the Mint is first
carefully melted, and the fluid metal stirred
until it is homogeneous preparatory to the
assay. Gold in its natural state has always
more or less silver combined with it, which
must be separated before it is fit for coinage.
This operation is called "parting," or " refin-
ing."
In order to properly effect the separation of
gold and silver, several processes have been
employed. The operation which has been
longest in use in the United States Mint is
known as the "nitric acid process," and is
based upon the fact that silver is soluble in
nitiic acid, while gold is not. This process is
governed by well known laws of chemical affin-
ity ; has no deleterious influences, and yields
gold ranging in fineness from nine hundred
and ninety thousandths to nine hundred and
ninety-three thousandths pure metal, the bal-
ance being silver not parted, whieh constitutes
a part of the legal alloy.
Another process whieh has been extensively
used during the last few years is known as the
" sulphuric acid process." Tt has the advan-
tage of being much cheaper than the nitric
acid process, and of refining gold to a very
high degree, and the disadvantage of requiring
expensive buildings and machinery, and en-
gendering fumes of the most deleterious and
dangerous character. A third process of part-
ing or refining by the use of chlorine gas has
lately been invented, but has not yet been
adopted m this country. For parting silver
from gold of a high grade and toughening brit
tie gold it has probably some decided advan
tages, but these are yet to be tested.
The sulphuric acid process is used at the
New York assay office and by private estab-
lishments in San Francisco. It cannot be
employed at the mints at Philadelphia, San
Francisco, and Carson for want of room; be-
sides there are objections to its use in any
building intended for coinage operations on
account, of its offensive fumes.
The t rue policy of the Government is doubt-
less to encourage the parting and refining of
metals by private industry and capital to the
fullest extent. The authority to "coin money"
does not, necessarily include refining any more
than it includes the original production of the
precious metals.
As early as 18-53 Congress passed an act to
encourage refining by private enterprise and
gradually exclude it from the Mint. And in
I860 the provisions of this bill were extended
to the branch mints and assay offices. The
act of July 15, 1870, authorized the exchange
at the mints of unparted for parted or refined
bullion. The object of this act was to preserve
to depositors the security of the Mint, assay
and accountability, and at the same time have
the refining done by the sulphuric acid process
at the extensive and well-managed establish-
ments of the Pacific coast. The immediate
results were the saving 10 the Government of
three cents on every ounce of bullion refined,
and the protection of the Government against
the large losses of former years, amounting to
over a quarter of a million of dollars in the
bullion tund, and which can only be accounted
for upon the hypothesis (as claimed) that it
" went up the chimney."
Private enterprise and ingenuity can refine
bullion cheaper and better than the Govern-
ment ever has done, or probably ever will do.
As a matter of political economy this industry
should therefore be fostered and encouraged ;
and as a matter of justice the committee be-
lieve that the Government, after having invited
the investment of private capital in the busi-
ness of refining, ought not to destroy that inter-
est by useless and extravagant appropriations.
The importance and necessity of private re-
fining establishments will be better understood
when we remember that in the United States
the annual production of the precious metals is
estimated at, silver, seven hundred and fifty
tons; gold, fifty tons, equal to $25,000,000 in
silver and $35,000,000 in gold.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I beg leave to
say that the rapid reduction of our national
debt and the increased confidence in our
public securities clearly indicate that the
time is approaching when the honest ring
of solid coin will again be heard in the busy
marts of trade and commerce, and that it is
the imperative duty of Congress to shape our
coinage system to the growing wants of the
immediate future.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield ten minutes to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Potter.]
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, this is a bill
of importance. When it was before the House
in the earlier part of this session I took some
objections to it, which I am inclined now to
think, in view of all the circumstances, were
not entirely well founded. But, after further
reflection, I am still convinced that it is a
measure whieh it is hardly worth while for us
to adopt at this time.
It is now more than thirty years since there
has been any general revision of the Mint
laws. The coinage of money during all that
period has proceeded from year to year, with
such occasional legislation as changing circum-
stances required, without there ever having
been any demand for a general revision of
these laws. Now, when we have suspended
specie payments for ten years, and practically
have had_ no coinage circulation during that
time, a bill is introduced here for the purpose
of revising all the laws in respect to coinage,
and not only introduced here after the coun-
try has suspended using or dealing in coin to
any considerable degree, but introduced at a
period when there is no prospect that it will
at any near period resume coinage circulation.
I confess, therefore, that the introduction
of the biil at such a period excited my suspi-
cion. I was and am at a loS3 to gather from
anything I know or can learn that there is any
necessity for the adoption of this measure now.
VVhen the bill comes to be read section by sec-
tion, I shall make such suggestions in the way
of amendraentas I think are calculated to make
it better if it should go into operation. But
for the present I desire to avail .myself of the
few minutes allowed me to state generally my
objections to the adoption of any such4aw now.
In the first place, iPis proposed by this bill
to change the whole system of officers of the
Mint. The bill provides for a Director of the
Mint. Now, while I do not know a great deal
about these matters, I have not been able to
resist the conviction that the bill is designed
to make a place for a particular person. I find
that the Director of the Mint at Philadelphia,
whose report to the Secretary of the Treasury
I have before me, condemns the proposed
change as unwise and unnecessary; and other
experts with whom I have personally consulted
have agreed with him in that regard.
J 1 hen, in the next place, this bill provides for
the making of changes in the legal-tender coin
of the country, and for substituting as legal-
tender coin of only one metal instead as here-
tofore of two. I think myself this would be a
wise provision, and that legal-tender coins,
except subsidiary coin, should be of gold
alone; but why should we legislate on this
now when we are not using either ot those
metals as a circulating medium? The bill
provides also for a change iu respect of the
weight and value of the silver dollar, whieh I
think is a subject whieh, when we come to
require legislation about it at all, will demand
at our hands very seiious consideration, and
which, as we are not using such coins for
circulation now, seems at this time to be an
(unnecessary subject about which to legislate.
—But beyond that, the bill provides for an
entirely new subsidiary coinage. It provides
for the coinage of new live-cent, three cent,
two-cent, and one-cent pieces, and it provides
that these new coin shail be of a certain alloy
of copper and nickel. Now, we have at pres-
ent in circulation several hundred million
pieces of subsidiary base coin. They are
familiar to every one of us, and have been in
circulation for some years. There is the ordin-
ary nickel five cent piece, the ordinary nickel
three-cent piece, and the bronze two cent
piece, and the nickel one-cent, piece, for which
there has been substituted ot late years the
bronze one-cent piece. Of these pieces of
subsidiary coinage, I repeat, several hundred
million pieces are in circulation, and it is-pro-
posed that in place of these pieces we shall
have another set of minor subsidiary coins
of nickel copper, according to the form pre-
scribed in this bill. For what reason '! It has
been suggested for the purpose of uniformity.
That reason, however, seems to me so insuffi-
cient that it has occurred to me that behind
this provision of the law lies the real motive
power of this bill; that is, that it will make
necessary a great consumption of nickel
copper for several hundred million pieces of
this new subsidiary coinage.
Now, it is to be borne in mind that it costs aa
much to coin these subsidiary copper-nickel
coins as to coin a like number of silver orgold
coins of like dimensions, and that the recoin-
age will not be attended with any such advan-
tage to the people as should preclude any one
of us from looking upon this provision as a
movement in behalf of the private interests
controlling nickel. This will be more appa-
rent to the House when I have the Clerk to
read the remarks of the Director of the United
States Mint at Philadelphia, in reply to the
Secretary of the Treasury as to the provisions
in this portion of the bill.
The Clerk read as follows :
"These sections embody the provisions of the
copper-nickel bill, providing tor a now one. three,
and five cent coin, presented to and not pasted by
the last Congress. There exists no necessity, no
consideration of public interest or convenience tor
a change in the present bronze, copper, and nickel
coinage, and the substitution of that proposed in
these sections. In appearance, in size, weight, and
artistic device, the present is lully equal to the pro-
posed base coinage; andns regards the bronze cent
in comparison "with the nickel cent suggested it is
superior in every pretension, economy, convenience
easy recognition, &e. The copper-nickel cent would
be a small, inconvenient com, so small as to be
almost useless; and thecostoi the production, nfW
acaretul calculatiou by some of tho most experi-
enced olficeis of the Mint, would be equal to its
nominal value in gold.
"It costs as much (material excepted) to make a
copper-nickel cent as a gold double easle.
*If every consideration of economy «nd a desire
to prevent useless waste of the public money con-
demns the authorizing ot the coinyjf1 of 3 nickel-cop-
per one-cent piece, why introduce a thiee mid five
cent piece of the same metals and proportions, when
inf ,C01n3 01 'he same denominations are
c V?S,V 11 not superior, to the proposed ?
(W„ Jiill' a.sain-.the proposition 10 abolish the silver
wn?,u 1A \ 5 1,1 !nrl 01 ti>0 mukel eoi  is   c that
K V in , I c0™m<V> consent condemned, partieu-
1 0,< unt.ry ,l,ke ears, abounding in silver
nivm?"! n<w* y t'"5 'esumplion of speoio
payments. We cannot advise this eh.mgo."
Mr. POL1MJ. That is the letter of tho
Director of the Mint of the United States at
rhiladelplna to the Secretary of the Treasury
in respect to the provisions of the bill of the
