1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
519
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the petition of
Margaret Becker, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion ; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. STEVENSON presented a preamble
and resolutions adopted by the Machinists' and
Blacksmiths' Benevolent Association of Louis-
ville, Kentucky, asking the passage of a law
by Congress creating a commission on labor;
which were referred to the Committee on
Education and Labor.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented a resolutiori
of the Legislature of South Carolina, in favor
of the removal of the political disabilities of W.
F. Colcock, of that State; which was referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of South Carolina in favor of the re-
moval of the political disabilities of H. W.
Carter and Andrew J. Stringer of that State;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of W. F.
Colcock, of Beaufort, South Carolina, praying
for the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia, presented
the petition of R. M. Anderson, heir, &c.,
praying indemnification for loss of property by
French spoliations prior to the year 1801;
which was refeired to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, presented
the petition of Ann Moxley, widow of Spen-
cer Moxley, deceased, a soldier in the war of
1812-14, praying to be allowed a pension ;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. SCOTT. I present a memorial largely
signed by manufacturers of glass in the city of
Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, remonstratingagainst
the passage of the bill for the abolition of
duties on building material entering into the
port of Chicago, stating reasons for this remon-
strance, and showing that the provisions of the
bill may lead to abuses, and be perverted to
other purposes than the relief of the sufferers.
That bill, I believe, has been reported by the
Committee on Finance. I move, therefore,
that the petition lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT presented a petition of citizens
of Bedford county, Pennsylvania, for the en-
actment of House bill No. 600, entitled '■ A bill
grantingbounty laud to certain persons engaged
iu the military and naval service of the United
States, from and after the 4th day of March,
A. D. 1861;" which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. OSBORN presented the petition of Cap-
tain Alexander Gibson, asking pay for certain
duty done in the Navy during the rebellion;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. THURMAN presented a petition of A.
C. Davis, George Potts, and twenty-four other
soldiers, of Jefferson county, Ohio, praying a
bounty of $8 38J per month to each soldier
for the time he served, and an amendment to
the twenty-fifth section of the act of July 15,
1870, so as to allow the soldiers and sailors
to enter the land therein allowed without the
requirement of settlement and cultivation;
which wis referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
He also presented a petition of William J.
McCann and thirteen other soldiers, of Jeffer-
son county, Ohio, praying an amendment to
the act of July 15, 1870, so as to provide for
the equalization of pensions and bounty lands
by abolishing the requirements of that act as to
settlement and cultivation ; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I also present
two petitions from the same persons, and
signed by the same number of soldiers, and
from the same county as those just now pre-
sented by the Senator from Ohio, praying for
equalization of bounty and bounty land. I
move their reference to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. I beg leave to present the
petition of B. 0. Pressley, of South Carolina,
stating that he was Assistant Treasurer of the
United States at Charleston, in that State, up
to the year 1861, and that his accounts have
beeu closed at the Treasury Department with
the excepiion of the amount of about two hun-
dred dollars for missing vouchers—vouchers
for the payment of interest, on the public debt
paid by him in July, 18(i0. A subsequent pay-
ment of interest was made by him to the same
parties on the 1st of January, 1801. Tlieieis
nothing left charged against him on the books
of the Department except this sum, and the
records of the Treasury Departmentshow that
he performed his trust with great fidelity, so
much so that he received a special compli-
ment from the Secretary of the Treasury for
so doing. I move that this petition be referred
to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON presented the memorial of
the trustees of the University of Notre Datne,
Ind'atia, praying the passage of an act au-
thorizing them to purchase lands adjacent to
the university; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. POMEEOY presented the petition of
Nathan Price, judge of the second judical dis-
trict of the State of Kansas, and of members
of the bar of Doniphan county, Kansas, pray-
ing that eiicuit. and district courts of the Uni-
ted States for the district of Kansas hj held at
tlie city of Leavenworth ; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judic ary.
Mr. FENTON presented the petition of
James H. Tobin, praying to be paid arrears
of pension ; which was leferred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Helen M.
Watts, praying a pension for the services of
her late son, George M. Wilcox, of the New
York cavalry volunteeis; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. KELLOGG presented the petition of
Colonel James Belger, praying to be reinstated
as an officer in the Army; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented the memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of New Orleans, ask-
ing an appropriation for a ship-canal between
the Mississippi river and the Gulf of Mexico;
which was referred to theComiuittee on Com-
merce.
Mr. RAMSEY. I present the petition of a
number of settlers on the Sioux Indian reser-
vation in Minnesota, who complain that under
the present law they are compelled to pay for
their property within one year after settlement,
and by reasou of the unexampled drought ot'
last year they raised no crops, and the prairie
fires in the Northwest in the fail swept off all
their improvements. They ask for indulgence
in their payments. Most of these parties are
Norwegians, who were ignorant of the law. I
hope, under the peculiar circumstances, the
Committee on Public Lands will give tlxis
matter early attention. I move the reference
of the petition to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TIPTON presented the petition of J. P.
Eaton, of Mapleville, Dodge county, Nebraska,
in behalf of many soldiers, praying an amend-
ment to the homestead law; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a petition of residents
iu the northwestern portion of Platte county,
Nebraska, praying the establishment of a post
office in that section of the country, to be
named Shell Creek post office; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. ANTHONY presented additional papers
in the case of Miss Oceana Boyle, daughter of
the late Commodore J. J. Boyle, deceased, for
a pension; which were leferred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. CAMERON presented a memorial of
glass manufacturers, of Pittsburg, Pennsylva-
nia, remonstrating against the proposed bill
for remitting duties on building-materials im-
ported for the benefit of the city of Chicago;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Ho also presented a memorial of mechanics
engaged in the manufacture of steel, against
a change in the tariff on that industry, and
urging the repeal of all duties on articles of
comfort and necessity not produced in the
United States; which wag referred to the
Committee on ^Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Pennsylvania, praying a repeal of the duties
upon tea, coffee, and other articles, and an
adjustment of the duties so as to encourage
and defend home industry ; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
lie also presented a petition of citizens of
Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, praying for
an alteration in the mode of levying lax on
whisky; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
PennsyU ania, praying the pas«age of an act
granting soldiers, sailors, and marines who
served in the war of the rebellion $8 33J cents
per month for the time served, and for an
amendment of the act of July 15, 1870 ; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CONK LING presented the petition of
William J. Wright, of New York, praying the
passage of a law granting liim arrearages of
pension from the date of his discharge; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
the United States, praying the passage of the
supplementary civil rights bill; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HITCHCOCK presented the petition
of John H. Feiber, praying compensation for
injuries sustamed in carrying the mails, and
that lie be allowed a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WIN DO.M presented a petition of Ed-
ward M. Williams and fifty-five others, late
officers and soldiers, now citizens of Philadel-
phia, Pennsylvania, asking that the homestead
laws may be so modified that the time the
soldiers and sailors served in the Army or
Navy of the United States duiing the war
of the rebellion may, after two years' actual
residence, be deducted from the time of five
years' residence now required; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented the petition of James W.
Olin and fifty-one others, late soldiers of the
United States Army, now citizens of Newark,
New Jersey, praying for such modification of
the homestead laws as will authorize the deduc-
tion of the time which the soldier or sailor
served in the Army fromtheterm of five years'
residence, after two years' actual residence
on his homestead ; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
CORRECTION.
Mr. JOHNSTON. Yesterday I presented
the petition of Mrs. Mary Ann Lee. I see
that all the "city papers with the exception
of the Globe state that the petition was pre-
sented by my colleague, [Mr. Lewis.] I
desire to have that matter corrected. The
petition was intrusted to me by Mrs. Lee, and
1 am unwiliing that she or the public should
be, even for a day, under the impression that
I had failed or hesitated in the performance
of my duty. I make this statement now in
the hearing of the reporters of the daily papers
in order that they may make a correction of
the mistake into which they have fallen.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is correctly
stated iu the Globe and in the Journal, but
incorrectly in the daily papers.
