1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1415
that tribunal might well make it proper for us
to admit its executive officer, who holds a
confidential relation to it, and it may be very
convenient, both for the members of the court
and for the members of the Senate, that he
should have access to the floor of the Senate.
1 hope my colleague's amendment will be
adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the last vote
no quorum voted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend the
amendment by adding '.'the judges of the
Court of Claims."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for a'division of
the question on these two "propositions. I
would vote to admit the judges of the Court
of Claims; but what is the use of cumbering
this amendment of mine?' Let us take the
question on each separately. I do not see why
judges of the Court of Claims should be ex-
cluded.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio, to
insert "the marshal of the Supreme Court,"
and the Chair will again count the Senate as
theie was no quorum voting before.
The amendment was not agreed to, there
being on a division—ayes 17, noes 25.
The VICE" PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the am-endmerit of the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Trumbdll,] if he moves it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will not make the
motion unless the chairman of the committee
wishes it.
Mr. POMEROY. I have been requested
to move another amendment, that the Libra;
rian of Congress be admitted to the floor of
the Senate. I find it is a matter of conven-
ience sometimes to send for the Librarian of
Congress. I move to add " the Librarian of
Congress."
Mr. CAMERON. And I should add " and
liis clerks.''
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Penn
sylvania to the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas.
The amendment to the amendment was
rcj^cteci.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas, to insert " tlie Librarian of Con
gress."
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator from
Pennsylvania mean the assistants of the Libra'
nan?
Mr. POMEROY. If it only includes the
chief assistant, I have no objection.
Mr. HOWE. There are several assistants.
Mr. CAMERON. I believe there are four
or five. 1 wish to include them all.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the Librarian
ought to be inserted anyhow.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 move to amend by add-
ing " and the assistants."
Mr. COLE. I believe there are twelve or
fourteen assistant librarians.
Mr. CONKLING. Say "first assistant.'
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Pennsylvania accept the suggestion ?
Mr. CAMERON. No, sir.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not suppose, after
this spasm of rigid enforcement of the rules
passes over—we hare it every session, but it
generally comes later—that the rule will be con-
strued so strictly that if any officer of Congress
is set;t for by a Senator on business he cannot
come in and stand at his desk to receive a mes-
sage from a Senator. I think we do not intend
that it shall be enforced so strictly as that. It
is hardly nccessary to admit all these persons
by the provisions of the rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, of
course, cannot control any Senators.who may
go to the messengers and state that certain
persons must be admitted; but the Senate
having expressed their views very decidedly,
he intends to enforce the rule strictly accord-
ing to its exact text. If a Senator desires
some person to come in he can ask unanimous
consent of the Senate for that day, aud the
Senate concurring, of course it will be a waiver
of the rule; but the Chair is disposed to
enforce the rules as administrator of the law.
Mr. HOWE. Thereis anabsolutenecessity
for the motion made by the Senator from
flfl gg,g
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania withdraw his amend-
ment to the amendment?
Mr. CAMERON. I do not intend to with-
draw my amendment. If the Librarian comes
in, his assistants should. You very rarely find
the Librarian there, but can always find some of
the assistants ; and then I am going to ask to
have the Congressional Printer come in here.
Mr. POMEROY". He is an officer already.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I think the captain
of police ought to come in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Congres
sional Printer is an officer of the Senate elected
by the Senate, and would certainly be entitled
to come in. The Capitol police are not in
the same position.
Mr. CAMERON. Then there are the offi-
cers of the Department of Justice, assistants
to the Attorney General, four or five of them.
They ought to come here, because we might
want their legal advice. I shall have a good
many amendments to this rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] was entitled to
the floor when lie was interrupted.
Mr. HOWE. There is a necessity that the
Librarian should be admitted to the floor of
the Senate, a necessity which does not include
any of his assistants. The Librarian has to
come in here almost every day, and frequently
more than once in the day, to confer with the
committee, or the chairman of the Committee
on the Library. Scarcely a day passes by that
he does not have to come in to submit to the
chairman of the Committee on the Library
bills for payment, and either he must be
allowed to come in or the chairman of the
committee must be called out. Certainly these
reasons do not include his assistants, and
there are several of them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania to the amendment, to add the assist-
ants to the Librarian of Congress.
Mr. COLE. There are fourteen of those
assistants.
Several Senators. We will vote it down.
Mr. COLE. Very well.
The amendment to the amendment was
r61 eCfceQ
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment, which is to add the
Librarian of Congress.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move to amend by
adding "the Capitol police."
The VICE PRESIDENT. All of the po-
lice ?
Mr. ROBERTSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. HAMLIN. Will it be in order to
amend that by putting in " the keeper of the
prison." [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would be if
it were not that that would be an amendment
in the fourth degree.
Mr. HAMLIN. I shall want the keeper of
the prison to come in.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope Senators will not
mix up this question. Let us take a vote on
the Librarian.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina moves an amendment.
Does he withdraw it?
Mr. ROBERTSON. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on amending the amendment by adding
"the Capitol police."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
amend that by striking out "the Capitol
police" and inserting "the architect of the
Capitol."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is not
now in order, because the amendment of the
Senator from South Carolina is an amendment
to an amendment, which is as far as the rules
will admit. The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from South Carolina to
the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas, to insert "the Librarian of Con-
gress."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
amend that by adding "the architect of the
Capitol." He constantly has business all
over the Capitol, and frequently with members
of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
X* Greeted*
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move to amend by
adding "the judges of the district courts of the
United States and their officers."
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to have
one question answered under the existing rule
by those who have been is the habit of admin-
istering the rules; and that is whether the
Librarian of Congress is not within the true
intent and spirit of the rule an officer of the
Senate. Technically he is not, because he is
as much an officer of the House of Represent-
atives as he is of the Senate; but he is the
Librarian of a library that belongs to Con-
gress.
Mr. HAMLIN and others. He is appointed
by the President by law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He is no more an offi-
cer of the Senate than any officer of the Gov-
ernment. He is appointed by the President.
Mr. THURMAN. That must be a new law
since I looked into the subj'ect, because form-
erly he was appointed by concurrent resolu-
tion of the two Houses. If that be the case,
I hope the amendment will be adopted, and
adopted pure and simple, authorizing the
librarian to be admitted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
South Carolina has moved to amend that
amendment by adding "judges of the district
courtsof the United States and their officers."
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas, to insert "the Librarian of Congress."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I propose to change the word
" legislatures," in the third line, to the word
"Governments;" so as to read, "members
of national Governments of foreign countries.''
It is well understood that some foreign coun-
tries have no legislature, for example, Japan,
and this rule as it now stands would exclude
the very distinguished representative from that
Government now in this city.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He comes in as a foreign
minister.
Mr. COLE. Perhaps he does ; but I should
think even if it would not meet that particular
case, it would be well to change it to " Gov-
ernments of foreign countries." I merely sub-
mit the amendment; I will not argue it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California moves to strike out " legisla-
tures" and insert "Governments; so as to
read, "members of Governments of foreign
countries."
The amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs upon agreeing to the proposition to
amend the foriy- seventh rule as amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend by
