3208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. There are
about eighty-five thousand.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania. I ask the
continuance of the present duty upon bitumin-
ous coal for the protection of the laborers en-
gaged in that branch of industry. And I may
say here that there is a very important distinc-
tion between the character of labor in our coal
mines and the ordinary labor of the country.
There is not a laborer to-day in the bituminous
coal mines of western Pennsylvania who gets
more than two dollars a day. How does he
earn it? He earns it by spending almost his
life-time away from the light of the sun and
breathing noxious vapors. This is the char-
acter of labor I propose to protect. I do not
regard this duty as a protection of capital.
What I am seeking is protection to those who
spend the greater part of their waking hours
in the anthracite and bituminous coal mines,
exposed not only to influences destructive to
health, but subject every hour to the peril of
disaster and loss of life. Yet none of these
men receive more compensation than an or-
dinary laborer employed about this Capitol.
Still, gentlemen ask why this branch of labor
needs protection. Sir, can they point me to
a single miner in all thos^coal regions who
makes more than a bare subsistence? My
district produces very largely bituminous coal,
and among all the people engaged there in
mining it I do not know one who is able to do
more than earn a bare subsistence and educate
his family.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KERR. Mr. Chairman, my judgment
is that coal should be placed upon the free list,
but I voted to put it where it is in this bill at
fifty cents per ton. It is well known by every
gentleman in this House that anthracite coal
does not come into this country from abroad
at all. There is 110 competition from any other
country witli ouranthracite coal. That, there-
fore, is entirely out of this debate.
Coal is one of those necessities of life and
enterprise that ought to be as free as air from
ail taxation for protection. Then it is a sub-
ject that cannot be made ft source of revenue,
because the great body of what is consumed
in the country is mined in the country.
But the reduction of this duty from $1 25 a
ton to fifty cents a ton is said to be excessive.
Tliu duty 011 coal is $1 25 a ton. It is pro-
posed to reduce it to fifty cents. In addition
to this duty now existing upon coal, it ought
to be remembered by every gentleman here
that this article has a natural protection
amounting to at least thirty-throe per cent, of
its value. The cost of its importation from
the inlands from which alone it can come in
competition with American coal is more than
thirty-three per cent, of-its value at the mine.
Thirty-three per cent, natural production 011
coal is more than equal to the difference in
the cost of labor at those foreign mines and in
this country. The clamor, tlierol'oro, for duty
011 coal is selfish, not for revenue, but for
bounty, and that only in the interests of a few
mine-owners.
Mr. GRIFFITH. Does not the gentleman
from Indiana know that it is a great deal
cheaper to bring coal from Nova Scotia on
board vessels to New York than to take it
there from our mines by railroad ?
Mr. KERlt. If it is, that is a conclusive
argument why they should be allowed to im-
port their coal from those mines instead of
paying bounty to^ these gentlemen who own
these Pennsylvania railroads, in order to bring
coal from the coal mines of that State. The
poor and honest people are entitled to that
advantage.
Mr. GRIFFITH. Does the gentleman from
Indiana think that thirty-three per cent, will
cover the protection in behalf of our coal mines
by reason of the distance of foreign coal mines ?
Mr. KERR. They have thirty-three per
cent, of tritural production between our sea-
boards and foreign miiies. That is what I say,
and it is true. I know it is true. It costs
thirty-three per cent, of its value at the islands
to import it to our sea-board. That is natural
protection.
Then, Mr. Chairman, I insist, in addition
to what I have said, that coal is an article
on which there ought never to be protection.
It exists all over the country. It is not a
manufacture at all. It is part of the earth
itself, and requires but little except labor and
the law of gravitation to bring it from the
mines to the uses of men. It ought, there-
fore, to be free everywhere. The duty on
this article now existing does not injuriously
affect coal in the West, and only on the sea-
board and in the New England States. But
its effect there is oppressive, and ought to
be removed.
I am not willing to take a sectional view
of this subject or any other view than I take
of all these questions, and that is a practical
and national view. I protest against the con-
tinuance of any duty 011 coal. I want to give
it cheap as possible to all sections and classes.
The revenue it pays is a trifle, about half a
million, and the amount it compels consum-
ers to pay to the protected mine-owners is
at least three times as much, or more. If
these owners think it does them no good, why
do they not vote for its repeal ? If they think
the duty does not raise the price of their coal,
why do they not vote to repeal it ? If they
are honest in their pretense that the duty
makes coal cheaper to the people, why do they
want it?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chair-
man, my district is largely interested in the
mining of bituminous coal, and hence I feel
it my duty to raise my voice here against this
assault made here upon this industry. Of
course, I expected to hear from my honorable
friend from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] 011 this sub-
ject, because, although perhaps he never saw
a coal mine, he knows all about the mining of
coal; he knows the number of peisons en-
gaged in the business, the amount of money
invested, and what it costs to deliver the coal
111 market; and knowing all these things, the
House is entitled to his information.
Mr. Chairman, there are tacts known to
those engaged in mining coal, and proved by
their every day experience, which may not be
within the knowledge of the free-trade the-
orists of the East and West. When we, as
representatives of the State of Pennsylvania,
raise our voices against this enormous reduc-
tion of the duty oil coal, we are charged by
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. linuit] and
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox]
with defending monopolies and monopolists,
with serving the interests of the rich against
the poor. Sir, I was not sent here by the
monopolists, if by the term are meant the
coal-dealers and iron-masters in my district.
1 am here not by their choice, but in spite of
them. I am not their creature, but I will do
them justice.
And when I oppose the reduction of the
duty 011 coal I speak not for them, but for the
sixty five thousand laborers who support them-
selves and their families in the American
mines. Their hope and prayer is that the
present duty will not be disturbed. Many of
these miners are unfitted for any other em-
ployment ; they have large families dependent
upon their daily toil for their bread, and they
have just claims upon us. They represent all
nationalities; they have come, at the invita-
tion of our Government, to seek a home in
free America, and with willing hands and
honest hearts they have cast their lots among
us and are becoming useful citizens. I speak
for them, to whose interests 1 am devoted, and
in whose behalf, here and everywhere, my
voice shall be heard.
American bituminous coal can be bought at
the mine for less than the present duty ; but
the cost of transporting it to the sea-board is
necessarily so great that it cannot successfully
compete there with the Nova Scotia coal. The
freight on the latter, delivered in Boston, is
not more than half as much as the freight on
American coal. And the fact that Americans
have lately engaged in the mining of the Pictou
coal may explain the bitterness of the assault
made here upon this interest.
I do not question the motives of gentle-
men; but I claim the right to vindicate my
people and my State, without being insulted
by those who represent the capital of our
eastern cities, drawn largely from the coal
fields of Pennsylvania. Let us be just and
even generous to those hardy sons of toil who,
down deep in the earth, away from the sun-
shine and the comforts of social life, contrib-
ute so largely to the prosperity of our country
and the real progress of the world. They
deserve our sympathy and protection, and as
for me, I can never forget them.
Mr. CROCKER. I have listened, Mr.
Chairman, with no little interest to the remarks
which have been made on the other side of
the House in relation to this matter of coal.
I heard my excellent and eloquent friend from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] while he expressed his
views onthe subject. That gentleman informed
the House that all parts of this country were
blessed with coal. 1 can tell that gentleman
that there is one part of the country, that part
of the country to which I belong, although a
very small part of it, which has no coal at all
or any expectations of ever finding it as long
as we live. It is a primitive formation there,
and I tell the gentleman that we have no hope
whatever of ever finding coal.
In connection with another portion of that
gentleman's remarks I beg leave to tell him
that with the duty as it is they can bring coal
from N ew Brunswick and Nova Scotia into our
country, where we consume more than twenty-
five thousand tons a year, move cheaply than
from any coal field in this country. I care not
about monopolies who are charged with com-
mitting a great and startling plunder upon the
pockets of the people, but I go for a dollar a
ton on coal, and I go for it for this reason:
I take the eloquent words of the gentleman
from Indiana that there is coal enough ia this
country. I take him upon his own ground,
that there is coal enough in this country for
all of us for years and years to come, and for
that reason 1 go for the dollar. Ay, sir, and I
would go for a dollar and a quarter if necessary.
I look ahead. I am not looking merely for
the present. I know that if we occupy that
ground it will be as every other thing that is
produced in the country, the price will be
reduced in the end.
If the gentleman is right in his premises,
and I agree that he is, and I honor him for his
statement; if he is right in his premises, and
we have coal enough, ay coal enough to last
until the trump of resurrection shall sound,
then let us encourage the production of it
here, the bringing of it out of our mines, and
not give that benefit to any outside party what-
ever. I am an American in every sense of the
word. I will cheerfully give protection to coal
until we get the price of it down below where it
would be if we imported it from abroad. I
am, myself, using it in great quantities, and
yet 1 will give cheerfully a dollar a ton protec-
tion until we can get it at home cheaper than
from Nova Scotia. I talk against my own col-
league, I know; I talk against my own State.
But I hope this amendment will prevail.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. I propose to amend by adding
a proviso to this effect:
Provided, That alt windows, skylights, inside and
outside shutters, curtains, and blinds shall be per-
manently closed, as also all openings, holes, chinks,
cletts, and fissures through which the light and heat
of tne sun have been allowed to enter houses to ine
prejudice and injury of meritorious mners anu
dealers in gas coal.
Mr. DAWES. What is the pending amend-
ment?
