m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 21,
Senate,
Extension of Ku Elux Act—Mr. Bayard.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is quite a different
thing. The Senator says that the people who
were put in agaia had been expelled. What
for, pray?
Mr. BAYARD. Well, Mr. President, the
Senator from Vermont was the chairman of
the committee that reported 011 this business
two years ago.
Mr. EDMONDS. No; I was not chairman.
Mr. BAYARD. He certainly spoke upon
it, and I heard him speak at that time; and
it is not necessary for me to reenter upon the
history of the expulsion of those negro mem-
bers from the Georgia Legislature.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I asked the Senator
merely what they were expelled for. He says
they were- expelled, which might carry to the
country a very strong idea of guilt of some
kind.
Mr. BAYARD. It is rery plain to me that
the honorable Senator would bs very glad to
divert me entirely from the. course of discus-
sion I was choosing for myself, and to take
new points of his own. I think it would be
much better that it should be the subject of
separate debate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not at all.
Mr. BAYARD. I do know, however, that
they were expelled because the majority of the
Legislature believed that under the then con-
stitution of Georgia negroes were not legally
qualitied to sit as legislators.
Mr. EDMUNDS.. Ah! that is it.
Mr. BAYARD. That they could vote, but
they could not be voted for. That was their
opinion, and on that opinion they expelled
them. Let me say further than that, when
the fact was known Georgia had Kepresenta-
tives in the other House of Congress, she had
one applying here, but the doors of the Senate
were closed against him. The President of
the United States was applied to in good faith
by a member of the other House, and he did
join with that member iu approving a telegram
which submitted the question of the rightful
or unrightful expulsion of those negroes and
the course of Georgia for decision to. the
courts, and after he had approved of that
method of settling the controversy, and refer-
ring it to the only tribunal competent to de-
cide, he changed his mind, and he brought his
bayonets to bear instead of the law of the
land, which he ought to have obeyed.
Mr, EDMUNDS. Now, the Senator does
not mean to misstate anything, and occupying
so long the time of the Senate, 1 am sure he
ought not to. Does not the Senator know
that after this question had been in this was
suggested to be referred to the courts, Con-
gress interfered, and that an act was provided
under the then unreconstructed condition of
Georgia providing that the persons who were
originally elected, including the colored men
who had been expelled for the sole reason
that they were not quite so white as my friend,
and contrary (as it turned out, I think, by the
Unanimous opinion of the Judiciary Commit-
tee, but I will not say how that was) to the
constitution of Georgia, should be reinstated,
not by force of any order of the President,
but by force of an act of Congress.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President-—
Mr. THURMAN, Will the Senator allow
me to answer that?
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from Ver-
mont, speaks of the unanimous opinion of,the
Judiciary Committee that the colored persons
who were refused seats—expulsion is not the
proper word 
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not my word.
Mr. THURMAN. They were refused seats
in the Georgia Legislature because of the in-
terpretation that each house of the Legisla-
ture put upon the State constitution, that that
State constitution, while it authorized colored
people to vote, did not, qualify them to hold
office, but that, they were under that constitu-
tion disqualified to hold office. I would not
say a word, but having been and being a mem-
ber of the Judiciary Committee I wish to de-
clare that for my own part I never formed any
opinion 011 that question at all. The chief
justice of the State, the leading Republican of
the State, the man whose influence and whose
speeches in favor of reconstruction did more
to induce the people of Georgia to agree to
reconstruction and to organize under the re-
construction acts than the influence of any ten
men in the State, Governor Brown, elected
chief justice by th e Republican vote, had every-
where in his addresses to the people in the
canvass in which these same members were
elected, declared that the true interpretation
and meaning of that constitution was that
colored people were entitled to vote but were
not qualified to hold office. That was fully
understood by the electors of Georgia who
elected that very Legislature ; and the Legis-
lature, acting in strict pursuance of that opin-
ion and without regard to party, (for if you
will look at that vote you will find quite as
many Republican white members voted that
these people were not entitled to their, seats
as Democrats,) decided that question. 1 have
never undertaken to decide it one way or the
other. It was sufficient to me that the only
tribunal that I held had any right to pass
upon it at all or decide it at all, namely,
each house of the Legislature of Georgia, had
decided it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator from Del-
aware will pardon me, as his friend the Sen-
ator from Ohio has taken the floor upon this
point, I wish to be heard for a moment. The
Senator from Ohio, in his anxiety not to form
an opinion upon troublesome questions, and to
hang upon somebody's political speech as the
ground of his action, seems to have forgotten
that that very Legislature, before it excluded
these people, (not refusing tliein seats, but
excluding them, being once in,) while they
were in adopted a resolution, unanimously I
think, or -very nearly so, declaring that all
those persons who then occupied seats were
entitled to be members of that Legislature,
including these very colored men. 'i'lien, after
they had got the constitutional amendment
ratified, and it was thought to be sale to re-
voke, as the whist players would say, they
turned around and said, " Now, having got
ourselves on a status where Congress cannot
touch us, we will turn you out." That was the
history of that Legislature, as the Senator, if
he has not forgotten it, perfectly well knows.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President 
Mr. THURMAN. Allow me one moment.
[ wish to say that I have no recollection at all,
nor do I believe the fact to be so, that any
vote was ever taken in that Legislature affirm-
ing the right of those colored men to seats.
I admit that they were allowed to hold their
seats until alter not only the ratitication of the
fourteenth amendment, butthe election of Sen-
ators to this body.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I tell the Senator, and
the proof is so, that there is a distinct resolu-
tion of that body declaring in terms that all
the men who then held seats, as the ne-
groes then did hold seats, were entitled to
hold them, and that the body was properly
organized. Then, after the constitutional
amendment had been adopted and ratified,
atid they thought they had got from under the
hand of Congress, they turned around and
expelled (as the Senator from Delaware very
propeily calls it) these negroes because they
wpre negroes, and put in their places—upon
which I should like to ask the opinion of the
Seuator from Ohio, who talked about the
North Carolina case awhile ago, and in a
way that I agreed to—put in their places
people who had been defeated at the polls,
received a minority of the votes, and that is
what Congress, not the President, interfered
to prevent.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not think it is pre-
cisely just to me or in accordance with the
courtesy of debate that this discussion upon a
past issue, which is wholly foreign to anything
that I am discussing, and which, if decided
one way or the other, cannot affect the pre-
cise truth of what I have stated, should have
been thrown into the body of my speech. I
do not propose to discuss it further. What I
have said is matter of history, and I refer to
it only for the purpose of illustrating the pres-
ent, not to go over the past again. It is plain
to my mind that it was the invasion of a State,
and that the only tribunal fitted to decide
whether the exclusion or expulsion of the
colored members from that Legislature was
right was the judiciary of the State in which
they lived, and it was an act of usurpation and
the overthrow of the State government for
Congress to act as it did. That, however, is
a matter now of the past.
1 have adverted to the fact that one of the
first acts of the newly-assembled Legislature
of Georgia last fall was the passage of a Ku
Klux hill to punish the very class of offenses
which this act of Congress was designed to
meet. They have at last a State government
that commands the respect and support of all
honest citizens, and which is feared and obeyed
by the lawless and ill disposed. The peace
of the State can and will be kept by her own
laws and self governing people if Congress
will not interfere. The revolution in Georgia
has been great, but I know of no idle repining
over the past or disposition to restore the
former system of slavery. As a rule, slavery
has left kindly recollections and feelings
between the slaves and their former masters.
It was testified by lawyers before the commit-
tee that if they were defending a negro charged
with crime they would prefer ex-slaveholders
on the jury; and many other proofs of this
good feeling will be found in the testimony,
and cannot escape the attention of any so-
journer in that State.
Governor Brown, who has been referred to,
was one of the witnesses called by me. His
testimony in regard to the condition of the
State and the sentiment of the people was just
now referred to by me, and I think it is he
who says that for the purpose of securing fair
play and protection to the colored man a law-
yer would prefer that his old master, or that
those who had been the former masters of
slaves, should be upon the jury in preference
to any other clarss of men.
So much, Mr. President, for the State of
Georgia: and in regard to the State of Florida
my remarks shall be exceedingly short.
The committee sat in Florida but a few
days. The testimony there was prearranged
and gathered in advance by the Federal office-
holders of the State. There was no time given
the minority to secure the testimony that was
needed or determine how it could be supplied ;
and there were but two witnesses called by me
iu the State of Florida, and the whole of the
time was occupied by witnesses of what i m.-iy
term the prosecution. Nothing can be worse
than the present condition of the government
of Florida. That poor little State is robbed
and tax-iidden to a degree that is almost hope-
less. The people have no confidence in the
government. The officials have little or no
confidence in each other. The testimony not
being indexed, itis very difficult to arrange it.
and the condition of my sight has prevented
ine from preparing this testimony as I would
desire. The testimony of Mr. Bisbee, the
United States district attorney is to be
found at page 305 of the Florida testimony.
He is asked about the character of a Judge
