1416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
inserting "judges of the Court of Claims." I
think they ought to be admitted, any way.
The amendment was rejected.
- The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs'on agreeing to the proposed amendment
to the'rule as amended.
"The amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr., COLE. How I demand the regular
order.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to make an
inquiry of the Chair. Was the last question
upon agreeing to the third clause ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was, as
amended by" the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. So that the subject still
remains before the Senate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. No; it is agreed
to now.
Mr. CONKLING. There is no further vote
to be taken?
The VICE PRESIDENT. No further vote
on the amendment to the forty-seventh rule.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I ask the Senator
from California to allow me to call attention to
one thing that will take but a moment, and
there may not be another time so appropriate.
The forty-sixth rule provides :
"Messengers may bo introduced in any state of
business, oxcept while a question is being put, while
the yeas and nays are being called, or white the bal-
lots are being counted."
This rule very likely means, and by some
occupants of the chair it is held to mean, that
if a Senator be on the floor for a momentary
purpose, making perhaps a single remark, or
receiving au answer to a question, if at that
time the eye of the Presiding Oliicer falls upon
a messenger, everything is to be suspended,
the Senator is to take his seat while this mes-
sage is received. I submit that course is not
economical of.time-or convenience, if there be
no other objection to it. 1 think that is not
the way any deliberative body ought to do busi-
ness. Some distinguished person coines into
court, no matter how distinguished tho person
is, uo matter what his relations to the court
may be, it is enough that his communication
should be received at the first moment when
it ,eau be done conveniently. But if there be
some argument going on, if there be some man
upon the lloor engaging the court, I think that
nobody knows an instance in which any sort
of propriety or dulcreuce has been held to re-
quire that instantly everything must stop in
order that the person, no matter of how much
consideration, way be heard.
I should, like to have this rule so far amended
or so far relaxed in its application that some
attention, some heed shall be given to a Sen-
ator who may at the time be speaking. Of
course, the Senator will yield at a convenient
time. It happened to me the other day, when
the present Presiding Officer was not in the
chair, but when the honorable Senator from
Rhode Island was presiding, who is one of the
last Presiding Officers on earth, I think, that
would ever incommode anybody by design, or
even by accident, that 1 was addressing to ilie
Senator from Iowa one single remark, the state-
ment of which, as it appeared in the Globe, did
not exceed an inch long ; and in the midst of
that, it was necessary for me to stop and sit
down while the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives delivered a number of bills, which
carried away from the mind and recollection
of every Senator any point, had there been a
point—I do not insist there was—in the remark
I was then making. If there had been any
point, it would have evaporated and vanished
entirely before the time came when I could
complete my sentence. I think there should
be no rule which constrains any Presiding Offi-
cer to be sw precise as that.; but, ou the contrary,
when a messenger comes here, if it is necessary
lor him to wait a minute, or five minutes, until
there is a convenient pause when the message
may be delivered, that would bo a full satis-
faction of every eourtosy due from the body.
Usually it is not the slightest inconvenience
to the speaker that he yields; but sometimes it
may be.
Mr.' COLE. I must call for the regular
order. The Senator does not offer any prop-
osition.
Mr. CONKLING. I have a proposition.
I was under a misapprehension in supposing
that the vote was being taken on the amend-
ment to the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was on the
amendment to the rule as amended.
Mr. CONKLING. The final vote was
taken without my knowing it. I meant to
have offered this:
Add to rule forty-six, " but when a Senator is
speaking it shall be optional with him to yield or
not."
I make that as a mere suggestion. Very
likely there is a better way of getting at it,
but in some form I would like a rule which
would relieve the Presiding Officer from the
necessity of introducing a messenger at a
moment which may be inconvenient.
Mr. COLE. That would have to be pro-
posed, and go over one day at any rate.
Mr. ANTHONY. If there is any fault, it
is because the Presiding Officer is to judge
when a Senator shall be interrupted, and is
liable to make a mistake. 1 do not think it
is done intentionally; but if it were left
optional with the speaker whether he should
be interrupted or not, where should we be?
I have known a speaker to hold the floor four
days, and a man who would not consent to be
interrupted either.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Rhode
Island is a little too liberal in his construction
here. Messengers may be introduced in
any suite of business."
Mr. ANTHONY. " May be," not " shall
be."
Mr. CONKLING. I understand; but if I
was willing to take time I might show that
"may be" does not mean anything very dif-
ferent from " shall be" there: "In any state
of business except while a question is being
put, while the yeas and nays are being called,
or while the ballots are being counted." Now,
the Senator says that if this rule is amended
so as to make it optional for a Senator to yield
or not, lie may hold the floor four days. Let
me remind the Senator that he is not taken off
the floor by the interruption ; he resumes the
floor at once, and if he wauts to hold the floor
four days, he can prevent any sort of action on a
mesaago of the President, executive or other-
wise. Therefore it does not put it in the
power of a Senator to interrupt the business
of the Senate in any case more than now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It would interrupt the
messenger.
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, he might interrupt
the messenger.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from New York to the
reason of the rule, and why I think there
would be great inconvenience as well as great
impropriety iu allowing a Senator the option
of yielding the floor or not. These messages
are from coordinate branches of the Govern-
ment, from the President or House of Repre-
sentatives, and they should have precedence
over a Senator in being presented here. But
the Presiding Officer always has the discretion
to call on the Senator who may be on the floor
to yield at some convenient period in his re-
marks. I think that discretion is always used
by the Presiding Officer, and should be.
Mr.^ CONKLING. I think the rule gives
very little discretion.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not think the rule
should be changed so that messengers from
the coordinate departments of the Govern-
ment should wait the pleasure of a Senator
whether he would let them communicate to
the Senate or not.
Mr. COLE. That cannot be considered at
this time anyway. I demand the regular order.
Mr. COCKLING. I take uo exception to ,
that, although I have said to the Senate that
this was a surprise to me. I was under an
entire misapprehension ; I should have offered
my amendment but that I supposed the last
vote taken was a vote on an amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is another rule
pending. We are not through with the report
yet.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, on the suggestion
of the Senator from Illinois, I will move my
amendment, which may not be a very good one
in form, to the other rule, which he says is
pending.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand there is
one pending.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is one
pending. The Chair will state to the Senator
from New York that the previous proposition
was an amendment to the forty-seventh rule,
and his amendment is to the forty-sixth rule.
Mr. CONKLING. The Chair is quite right.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state now that is has always been his custom
in presiding at the other end of the Capitol, as
well as in this branch of Congress, to wait un-
til a member has completed a sentence where
he might probably be interrupted with less in-
convenience to himself than atany other point,
before he announced a message from the Presi-
dent or from the other House. Sometimes
the messengers desire to return as soon as
possible to official duties, and thex-efore the
Chair has sometimes asked Senators to pause
when they would perhaps have preferred to
wait a moment or two longer.
Mr. COLE. I call for the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair desires
to draw the attention of the Senate to the fact
that in the forty-seventh rule there are now two
surplus "ands." If there is no objection the
Secretary will be authorized to omit them in
preparing this rule for publication. One
"and" will be inserted before the last clause,
" the Librarian of Congress," and the others
omitted if there is no objection. The Secre-
tary will make that verbal correction.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVAL.
A message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secre-
tary, announced that the President had on the
2d instant approved and signed the following
acts:
An act (8. No. 392) to set apart a certain
tract of land lying near the headwaters of the
Yellowstone river as a public park ;
An act (S. No. 423) for the relief of Julia
A. Smith ;
An act (S. No. 550) to constitute Shreve-
port, in the State of Louisiana, a port of de-
livery; and
An act (S. No. 675) granting to James D.
Dana the use of certain plates.
The message also announced that the Presi-
dent had on this day approved and signed an act
(S. No. 445) to defray the expenses of district
judges from other districts while holding dis-
trict or circuit courts in the southern district
of New York.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills ;
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 1390) for the relief of the
sureties of the late Jesse J. Simokins, de-
ceased ;
A. bill (H. R. No. 1857) to relieve pertain
citizens of Georgia therein named from their
political disabilities;
A bill (H. R. No. 1858) to relieve certain
persons therein named from political disabili-
ties; and,
A bill (H. R. No. 1854) to authorize Rev.
Jeremiah Moynihan, of New Orleans, to im-
port one set of marble altars free of duty.
The message also announced that the House
