1872.]
APPENDIX TO TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Extension of Ku Klux Act—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
Long, who sat as the judge of the superior
court for a district embracing seven large
populous counties. He testifies that Judge
Long was a notorious and incorrigible knave
and scoundrel, that his chaiacter was known
to be so at the time of bis nomination by
Governor Reed and his confirmation by ihe
senate. When I asked hiin how could it be
that this notorious scoundrel could be elevated
to the bench, he said the thing is very simple ;
be bought his place and paid money for it, and
that, one man hail subscribed $3,000 to have
this Judge Long made a,judge of the superior
court. And who, Mr. President, does that
man turn out to be? Who but Mr. Milton S.
Littlefield, the robber of the North Carolina
State bonds, the man who, having sucked dry
the treasury of North Carolina, escapedto
Florida, and when he gets there, a requisition
is ordered by the Lieutenant Governor of the
State of North Carolina, after Holden's im-
peachment and escape, upon the Governor of
Florida to give up this man ; he refuses to re-
cognize it, and there is Mr. Littlefield. We
saw his fine residence—living on the fat of the
land of B'lorida, gobbling up the resources of
that little State just as he had done in North
Carolina, and that, too, by the aid of the Gov-
ernor, he appointing the judges ; and it turned
out. by Long's testimony that he had granted
an injunction to restrain the collection of some
six hundred thousand dollars, and therefore
it is very easily understood what induced Lit-
tlefield to pay Reed money to make this man
the judge of a court of general jurisdiction.
Why, sir, is it not shocking? This man
Reed, the Governor of Florida, appoints every
officer in that State except the members of
the Legislature and the constables of the coun-
ties. He appoints the judges, the county com-
missioners, the justices of the peace, the
sheriff of every county, and the attorney
general. The whole government of the State
of Florida, under the wretched constitution
which they were forced to adopt by military
rule, placed the entire power in the hands of
the Governor of that State, and he is a man
utterly unworthy of credit, according to the
statement of his parly associates. They lately
attempted to impeach him; I believe they
successlully impeached him; but in some
hugger mugger way the supreme court, all
appointed by himself, met, and the thing was
defeated. What safety can there be in such a
state of things? What is there to induce the
people to abide by law when they are so gov-
erned ? Can there be respect for such rulers?
On the contrary, would not almost every fair-
minded man say that the man who put them
out of the world was performing a service to
humanity? They could not live, they could
not hold power m a northern State for twenty-
four hours. It is amazing the forbearance
with which they have been treated, and noth-
ing but the completely broken spirit of the
southern people, their belief that the whole
power of the Federal Government would be
exerted to press them agaiu into the dust il
they exercised any of the powers which we
feel are essential to our own preservation and
success, was attempted by them. When they
come to Congress they are not believed.
When they send their Representatives here—■
I do mean those who sit in the Halls of Con-
gress calling themselves their Representatives,
but when they send their real representative
men up here, they are not heeded, and some
worthless fellow, who is robbing them right
and left, has the ear of Congress and the Ex-
ecutive, and no law and no remedy is to be had.
Why, sir, 1 saw that the President was in-
voked to declare martial law in one of the
counties of Florida—the county of Jackson.
And what were the facts about Jackson county?
It has a population of nearly three blacks to
one white. At every election there is an over-
whelming majority in favor of the Republican
party. Every official in the State is the choice
of the Governor and of his own party. What,
then, can be the trouble that makes a small
minority of men able to overcome and over-
throw an utterly disproportionate majority?
What can it be ? There must be some gross
incapacity or else there must be some wrong
so poignant and so bitter as to stir men to
desperation.
The witnesses who came before us almost
without exception each held two offices, one
State and one Federal, and sometimes more
than two. They were living off that people.
When they collected taxes they wore not paid.
The report of the comptroller, the lax pay-
ers' convention, the publications of the State,
all prove this to be true. There seemed by
all the statements to be thorough rottenness
throughout the administration of that State.
If the S"nate will turn to the testimony of
Captain Wilder, to which I referred this morn-
ing, I beg those who doubt the accuracy of
what I say, or who believe that my language
is at all exaggerated, to read at page 211, and
from that onward, the history of actual facts ex-
sting in that State, and the oppression and the
robbery committed upon that people by those
who are maintained in power by the threat
and foar of Federal interference in case they
should rise and throw off this monstrous
incubus. Captain Wilder, at page 241, said :
" 1 mingled with a lot of politicinnshere, most of
them Army oflicer*, who wero located about hero,
some in business, but not successful,lor the crops
were bad. I went on acting and voting; with them
until after the Stato was rcorguuiiicd. At last such
a state of things sprang up that satisfied lis would
bo ruinous to the prosperity of tho State. Uut we
lteptoii hoping for boUcrthmgs, feeling that nothing
could be done but through the Republican party, as
tho old citizens wero standingoff and objecting. We
louglit. on until thoro was suoh a state of things as
has ruined uk, as you will iind if you find out what
is tho trouble here: a stato of things moro destruc-
tive to property than to life—more ruinous than all
the Ku Klux in tho State.
" Question. To what class of mon do you refer ?
"Answer. To what we designate hero as the car-
pet-busier elemenuhat. rules the Stato.
" Question. Hive us plainly a statement of who
those persons are and the positions they hold; il is
our object to get at, tho truth.
"Answer. if I should do that, my life would
probably not be safe; they havo already taken mob
law and almost murdered a man publicly in this
city, some one who, I guess, inquired about the
swindling here, the same as 1 should do, and ho is
knocked over.
" Question. Does this class of men that you say
rule the State embrace your Governor?
"Answer. Yes.ttir.
"Question. Docs itembracoall the loading omeials
of the State?
" Answer. All but one, that X know of.
" Question. Whom would you except?
" Answer. The comptroller.
" Question. Who is he?
" Answer. Mr. Gamble.
" Question,. You do not believe he is one of this cor-
rupt ring? . .
" Aimoer. I know he has given vouohers officially,
stating that the swindlers bore, one or two of the
tax-collectors, for instance, have got thirty or forty
thousand dollars, and beeauSo we suppose thatsuch
a man is not fit to run the l^reedmen's Bank we are
mobbed in the street. They all censured us, and in
my presence swore that, ho would serve. We have
invested u great deal of money here; wehave got a
good hotel going now, so as to make it pleasant for
people to come here; myself and my family have
done tho most to start this thing. I enjoy better
health here, and therefore was obliged to be here,
andl was glad to getiny friends to come here. I have
been fighting in tho anti-slavery and Republican
party tor thirty years, and now to como down here
and be knocked about by this class of gamblers; X
call them a ring ol'gamblers.
" Question. Does that ring embrace also tho lead-
ing men of the State Legislature?
" Answer. ICnougti to carry their measures. Here
is au instance in this city."
Then he passes on to give an instance of
swindling in the Legislature. It is not pleas-
ant for me to use the names of persons who
are members of this Senate in connection with
testimony taken when ihey were not present;
but I will simply say in justice, while 1 forbear
the use of names of persons who are members
of this body, I think it but just that the Senate
should inspect tho testimony, that thfey Arty
see the share" that they have had in bringing
about these troubles iti the State of Florida.
Here is a specimen of what was intended ; ■
" Quest ion. You have been here m the State for
somo time, and know a groat deal about tho feeling
of tho people. "Would, you have any hesitation in
settling In any portion of the State whore your
business find desires might carry yoa ?
No, sir; not if I could ,go there with
some assurance of anything.different from what has
happened in one or two of t'hftse counties, I bo.Heve
these rings have coveted to bring about KiiKfoxx,
so that they could make capital at Washington and
eUew&ero, and l^eep themselves ia power,
" QvntiW. These people have combined to get up
those lvu. Klux cases?"
This is the ring that is ruling Florida.
"Answer. I beliovo so, frotn the fact of th«ir
boasting about them. One of them, said { 4 It is the
best thing in the world for our party to have such
things occur; we can publish them and croatc a
sensation that will foster our party ;f that ie, the
Republican party."
This is the testimony of a Republican him-
self, an honest man who feels as we all feel
the necessity, actual and absolute, of honest
government, and who feels that he cannot
stand there aadbe robbed of the fruits of the
toil of his whole life. Such sentences as this
and facts like this abound in this gentleman's
testimony, and he was subjected to an insult-
ing cross-examination from which he emerged
with digniiy and with credit, completely sus-
tained at every point, and leaving behind him
nothing that he or liis friends will ever regret
was placed upon the record.
Mr. SCQTT. I had not the pleasure of
being in company with the Senator from Del-
aware upon the sub-committee in Georgia and
Florida,, but 1 was in oompany in the commit-
tee with the two gentlemen of the other branch
of Congress who did accompany them, Mr.
Maynaud, of Tennessee, and my colleague in
the House, Judge ScoMEU), and certainly they
have departed very much from their usual
habit of treating either witnesses or associates
if the term just now used as to the manner of
cross-examination —"insulting a witness"—
could be justified. They are not here to speak
for themselves upon that subject, and I cannot
permit the remark to pass without calling the
Senator's attention to it.
Mr. BAYARD. Very well. I stated that
the examination was by the chairman, and
Judge ScoVibi.d was not present probably at
the time, and Mr. Lapsing took very little
part in it. So far as my personal feeling is
concerned, I attach no blame. Oar relations
were those of mutual respect and good will, so
far as I know. But when I speak of the in-
sulting examination of witnesses, I simply
speak by the record. Let the Senator him-
self if be has time, let any Senator examine
the questions put to these people, and he will
see that there is a covert insult a dozen times
over repeated. Here was this very gentleman,
Captain Charles Wilder, a venerable man; he
has reached within one year the threescore
and ten appointed as the verge of man's life.
He is a man respectable in appearance, per-
fectly polite, and gentlemanly in his demeanor,
worthy of respect in all particulars, so far as
we knew ; and when he came he was asked
whether lie had not been tried for embezzle-
ment. What was that question for? What
would be the answer; what Would be the
feeling, Mr. President, of you or any other
man of equal personal character if you were
called before a committee and a man asked
you whether you had not been tried for em-
bezzlement, connecting your name with some
flagitious occurrence? Would you not con-
sider that you had been insulted by such a
question? I need not ask you, sir. There-
fore, when the Senator from Pennsylvania
finds it proper to rise liere and to call me to
account for having said that a witness was
cross-examined in an insulting manner, I
answer him by the record, and I putitto hini 
