1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
021
eate checks, and the Treasurer, Assistant Treasurers,
and designated depositaries of the United States are
directed to pay such checks.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know whether
I understand that bill. It seems to me to be a
pretty important one. It provides, if I do un-
derstand it, for the issuing of a second cheult
or draft where the first one has been lost. Does
that apply to all citizens of the UnitedStates?
If a citizen obtains a draft, for instance, from
the Treasury here on the sub-Treasury in Chi-
cago, and it is lost, is it intended to allow him
to apply for a duplicate ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The lost checks drawn
by disbursing officers of the United States. I
will inform the Senator that under the present
law checks of disbursing officers of a certain
character (for pension claims and bounty
claims) are now provided for in this way; and
after a practice of three years under that law
there has been found to be no difficulty in sup-
plying duplicates of such checks. The law
requires all payments of disbursing officers
to be made by checks on a depositary. The
result is that the number of checks has been
increased enormously in the practice of the
Government, and cases have arisen of great
hardship, where the evidence is perfectly clear
that the check has been lost or destroyed; and
slill there is no power to grant relief except
in special cases.
Under the practice as to theissuingof dupli-
cate checks in pension and bounty cases, 110
single loss to the Treasury has ever occurred ;
and this extension of the law is recommended
by the officers of the Government, and very
strongly urged, on account of very severe cases
that have arisen of the destruction or loss of
checks and drafts. As a matter of course,
before a duplicate is issued a bond has to be
given, with proper security, under such regula-
tions as may be prescribed by the Secretary
of the Treasury.
There are with the files which I have sent
with the bill to the Secretary's desk the forms
that have been adopted. They are very strin-
gent. There is also a strong letter of the Second
Comptroller urging the necessity of the bill;
one from General Spinner, one from the Pay-
master General, aud one from the Secretary
of the Treasury, all concurring that it is indis-
pensably neccssary in order to supply relief in
ceriain cases.
The Committee on Finance hesitated a good
while because it is an important question. We
examined it carefully, it was also examined
by the Committee of Ways and Means of the
House. We concluded that it was safe under
the restrictions of the bill to pass it. That is
all I can say unless the Senate desires fuller
information, which I can give from the official
documents on the files.
Mr. THUMB ULL. I do not mean to in;
tarpose any objection to the passage of the
bill. On the contrary it seems to me, so far
as I understand it, to be a proper bill. I be-
lieve the batiks which draw bills of exchange
upon different portions of the country issue
them in duplicate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that this bill
only applies to the Government the universal
law of commerce between individuals. A bank
would be bound in such a case to pay money
under precisely these circumstances, when
proof of the loss was made out satisfactorily
to the court or tribunal trying the cause. This
bill only applies the principle of law with re-
gard to all commercial paper to the Govern-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The object of the bill
seems to me to be proper ; and if it is properly
guarded, as I presume it is, the Committee on
Finance having carefully considered it, I shall
not interpose any objection,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I would like to ask the
Senator from Ohio to inform us where is to be
found the act which was passed last year in
regard to duplicate checks.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a copy of it
among the papers with the bill, I think.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to see that
act before this bill passes.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is in the same terms,
except that it increases the amount from $500
to $>1,000. I believe that is the only change.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 want to see that act.
Mr. SHERMAN. The act approved March
19, 1868, is one act; the act of July 28, 1866,
is another act authorizing the issue and pay-
ment of duplicates.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think this bill had better
go over until to morrow, so that we can look
at the old act.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
lie over.
IMPORTATION OF MACHINERY.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 1062) to admit certain
machinery imported from foreign countries
free of duty, to-report it with amendments.
Mr. KELLOGG. That is a very short bill,
and I ask the indulgence of the Senate that it
be taken up and put on its passage now.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. ■
The first section grants permission to the
Calcasieu Sulphur and Mining Company of
New Orleans to import free of duty, under
such rules and regulations as the Secretary
of the Treasury shall prescribe, certain ma-
chinery and accompanying implements for the
purpose of, and to be used only in, making a
series of experiments in mining for sulphur in
the parish of Calcasieu, in the State of Louis-
iana; but the value of such importation is not
to exceed $75,000, and the machinery and im-
plements are to be imported within two years
from and after the passage of the act. The
second section provides that it shall be lawful
for the period of two years from and after the
passage of the act for any person or company
actually engaged in the manufacture of plate
glass in the United States to import free of
duty, under such rules and regulations as the
Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe,
necessary machinery for polishing and grind-
ing such plate glass, and to be by themselves
actually used for that purpose.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance was in line twelve of sec-
tion one to strike out the words " two years,"
and insert "one year;" so as to read, " that
said machinery and implements be imported
within one year from and after the passage of
this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line one, to strike out " two years," and insert
" one year."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend the
bill by adding as an additional section, "that
the duty on coal be, and the same is hereby,
repealed."
Mr. KELLOGG. I hope the Senator will
not insist on that amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the Senate resumes the
consideration of the unfinished business pend-
ing at the adjournment yesterday, being House
bill No. 380.
Mr. MORTON obtained the floor.
Mr. KELLOGG. Before the regular order
is proceeded with, I desiie to suggest to the
Senate that the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois will withdraw his amendment and allow
the bill reported by the Senator from Ohio, the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, to be
put on its passage. I ask that the Senate allow
it to pass. It is purely a local bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it is entirely a local
bill, I do not wish to embarrass it.
Mr. KELLOGG. It is local.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the bill is, as the
Senator from Louisiana states it to b.e, an
entirely local measure, I do not press the
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Illinois is withdrawn, and
House bill No. 1062 is before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole. The amendments
reported by the Committee on Finance have
been agreed to.
The. bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
CHICAGO FIRK.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask the Senate to lay aside
the regular order temporarily, and to take up
the bill which was pending yesterday morn-
ing during the morning hour for the relief of
Chicago.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ Does the Sen-
ator from Indiana, who is entitled to the floor,
yield for the purpose indicated by the Senator
from Illinois?
Mr. MORTON. I will yield if it leads to
no debate; not otherwise.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the pending
business be informally passed over, it, can be
called up at any time on the demand of any
Senator. If there be no objection theunfinished
business of yesterday will be informally passed
over for the purpose indicated by the Senator
from Illinois.
Mr. MORTON. If that matter is to lead to
debate. 1 prefer not to yield now.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not think it will.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Illi-
nois will pardon me for suggesting that I have
several amendments to offer to that Chicago
bill. I am ready to offer them now, but they
may lead to some debate. I cannot tell bow
much time their consideration will occupy. I
wish to make a statement myself; bulk will
occupy only a few moments.
Mr. LOGAN. Of course I cannot insist
on going on with the Chicago bill under the
circumstances. I should be very glad to have
the bill taken up, but if gentlemen are going
to fight it with amendments for the purpose ol
i destroying it, I cannot ask the Senator from
I Indiana to yield now.
| Mr. CHANDLER. I do not like the sug-
j gestion about fighting the bill with ameud-
! ments. Chicago is not the only town that has
J suffered. Sir, there are twenty towns in the
I State of Michigan that have suffered more ftar-
] fully in proportion to the value of prope rty
j there and the number of lives than has Chi-
! cago; and if a bill is to he introduced here
\ for the benefit of Chicago, I desire to put the
' Michigan sufferers on a par with the Illinois
! sufferers.
! The VICE PRESIDENT. This debato is
! progressing by unanimous consent. Does the
. Senator from Indiana yield to the Senator
| from Illinois for a reply to the Senator from
i Michigan?
| Mr. MORTON. For a moment.
| Mr. LOGAN. I did not know that I was
i going to arouse the iie of my friend from
| Michigan. I will only say in reply, tbat if the
; towns in Michigan have not been incorporated
j or provided for in the bill, it is certainly not
i my fault; for it is not my business to attend
! to* Michigan. I am only providing for my
' own constituents. I will throw no obstacle in
: the gentleman's way.
Mr. MORTON. I insist on my right to the
floor, except so far as to allow any routine
morning business to be disposed of.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BOREMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtaiued, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 518) for the relief of William Nixon, of
West Virginia: which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, and ordered to printed.
