r 1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S209
The CHAIRMAN. The pending amend-
*- merit is one moved by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Maryland.
• Mr. COX. Very well; I will move to amend
the original text by striking out the last word.
I do so for the purpose of replying to certain
remarks made here. The gentleman from
Massachusetts who has just spoken, [Mr.
Crocker,] in my estimation does not repre-
sent the prevailing ideas of Massachusetts as I
gather them from the public journals.
Mr. CROCKER. No, 1 do not. [Laugh-
- ter.]
Mr. COX. Then, in one sense of the word,
the gentleman is not a Representative of Mas-
sachusetts, and the reason why he does not
represent the sentiment of the State is that
■ New England does go for the dollar, for
the almighty dollar, and she believes that the
larger the market the cheaper will be the
article that she desires to purchase. There-
fore, in New England, where there is no ccal
to be found, they are in favor of the Pictou
and Nova Scotia coal being brought in free of
duty. The larger the market, the cheaper the
coal, the easier your machinery can be run,
the chcaper will people obtain the commodities
which you manufacture. Therefore, from an
honest, fair stand-point, they should go for
cheaper coal.
I do not see, as my friend from Indiana
[Mr. Kerr] has well said, why there should
be any tax whatever on this article. We in
the great cities are taunted because we happen
to be in favor of free trade in these articles.
Somebody has said that New York city owns
these coalmines in Pennsylvania. Then we do
not represent capital and monopoly and hence
we denounce this tariff on coal 1 suppose. In
my city I have seen these hard-fisted miners you
speak of, after being smothered by the greed
of capital, by New York and Pennsylvania
railroads, by the mean arrangements of the
owners of the mine—I have seen them come
to New York and beg to be helped by the
charities of that city. Gentlemen speak to us
here as if we wanted something from the Gov-
ernment. Sir, we make no demand of that
kind. We ask here to withdraw the tax from
the manufacturers who use caloric, from the
poor sewing women who freeze in winter,
because of the high price of coal.
We do not speak for the importers, although
the importers ask nothing. We want the
largest market possible, because it will reduce
the price. Gentlemen say that sixty thousand
people are employed in this mining interest.
Sir, there are ten million people who consume
coal, and forty million who are more or less
interested in it. Talk about legislating for
sixty thousand people ! Sir, we should legis-
late for forty million ; that is the true basis for
our legislation. Pennsylvania, to be consist-
ent with itself, should adopt the amendment
I first offered, and which I will again read, as
a proviso to this clause :
That all windows, skylights, inside and outside
shutters, curtains, and blinds shall be permanently
closed, as also all openings, holes, chmka, ulclts, and
fissures through which the light and heat of the sun
have been allowed to enter houses to the prejudice
and injury ot meritorious miners and dealers in gas
coal to protect domestic industry.
For the sun is a foreigner; he comes from
abroad, and we must shut out the light of the
sun in order to gratify these Pennsylvania gen-
tlemen who have a monopoly of this article
of coal.
Mr. BIRD. Mr. Chairman, I am as much
devoted as any one to advancing the interests
of the laboring men of this country. They
have every sympathy of my nature. But I
wish to call attention to the fact that of all the
manufacturing interests of the country, none
except the great coal and salt interests have a
business that pays exceeding seven per cent.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Fos-
ter] has stated that collieries in Pennsylvania
can be bought upon guarantying to their
present owners an interest of seven per cent.
I apprehend there are but few farmers who
realize anything like seven per cent, on their
labor. I apprehend there are but few laboring
men in the country, North or Sonth, East or
West, white or black, who realize seven per
cent, upon their investments. I apprehend
there is no laborer in any mountain district, or
in any broad valley, except those employed
by wealthy corporations, or monopolists, who
receive anything like seven per cent.
I apprehend there is no daily laborer in the
employ of any railroad company or other cor-
poration, I apprehend there is no daily laborer
in any foundery who receives anything like
seven per cent, upon his toil, upon what he
actually invests. Sir, if there be any argument
which would induce me to vote for the recom-
mendation of the committee it is the suggestion
of thegentleman from Pennsylvania, that these
great establishments engaged in the coal busi-
ness would be willing to sell out upon aguaran-
tee to their owners of seven per cent, upon
their capital. I care not what may be the cost
of production, I take the gentleman's broad
statement, unqualified and uncontradicted by
any of his colleagues, that these interests to-day
could be purchased upon the terms stated.
That is enough to control my vote; it is
enough to satisfy the laboring interests of this
country that this particular monopoly is now on
the road to wealth, tfcugh it asks Congress
for further protection and support.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CROCKER. I rise to a question of
privilege. I have been asked by some friends
whether I do not own about two thirds of a
coal mine. I never owned anything of that
sort. [Laughter.] I have no interest in any
shape in the production of coal; on the con-
trary, I have paid Pennsylvania and Maryland
thousands and thousands of dollars, which I am
ready to continue to pay if we can only induce
competition so as to bring down coal to a
proper level where it ought to be.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Chairman, since
the Representatives from Pennsylvania ask
us to keep up the high tariff on coal for the
sake of their State, will they explain to this
House, if they can, how it is that Pennsylvania
herself lays special taxes on coal ? If this be
indeed an inteiest which requires fostering
care and tender consideration, why do they tax
it? Here is an official document of the State
of Pennsylvania. " Executive Documents"
for 1870, containing the report of the Auditor
General for the year ending November 30.1870,
showing that in that year Pennsylvania levied a
direct tax on coal amounting to $251,000. In
addition to that she taxes the production of
coal in seven different ways, making eightfold
special taxation. First, if a company wishes to
mine coal it must pay an enrollment tax. In
one case, according to this report, the charge
on a single charter was $500. A premium is
charged upon the charter, amounting in one
case to $5,000. The State taxes the gross re-
ceipts of the company, and this tax in a single
case, according to this exhibit, amounted to
§11,000. The receipts in one year from this
tax were $392,000. She taxes net receipts.
This tax in one case amounted to $2,000. The
total receipts from this tax were $396,000. She
taxes loans, money borrowed by a company ;
and that tax amounted in one case to $42,000,
and the receipts for the year were $348,000.
She taxes corporation stocks. The Lehigh
company paid in this form of taxation $32,000.
This tax for the year yielded $1,241,000. She
taxes the transportation of coal, having raised
from tonnage in a single year $401,000, and
from commutation of tonnage S360,000. And
to crown all there was the direct coal tax
of $251,000. Here are special taxes which
amounted in 1870 to over three million dollars.
By these special taxes on coal and iron, and
other industries, Pennsylvanians support their
State government, and yet they come here and
ask us to continue bounties in their interest.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania. Does the
gentleman mean to say that the State of Ohio
does not lay any tax upon corporations or for
the purposes specified ?
Mr. STEVENSON. The State of Ohio
taxes all property equally; she has no special
taxes, but the State of Pennsylvania does not
tax all property.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania. Do you
not in the State of Ohio tax corporations
higher than what you have stated as the tax in
Pennsylvania ?
Mr. STEVENSON. We tax fheir property
only, and that no higher than any other prop-
erty. Pennsylvania does not tax lands ; her
taxes on personal property are but a trifle and
those on a small part of that kind of property.
The whole property tax amounts to only about
seven hundred thousand dollars a year. I call
the attention of the House to the fact that the
State of Pennsylvania supports her State gov-
ernment by special taxes on production, on
interests which we favor, at her request, and
upon her statement that they need protection.
She asks us to discriminate in favor of them
while she discriminates against them. She
comes to us and asks us to pour bounties from
the pockets of the people of the country into
the laps of her manuiacturers, and then she
turns the bounties into her own treasury, and
pleads for more. It is an instance of hypoc-
risy and imposition unexampled in the world.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. What tax
is there on coal?
Mr. STEVENSON. I have shown iu one
year it amounted to $251,000.
Mr. RANDALL. Thegentleman from Ohio
is an antediluvian.
Mr. STEVENSON. I have the document
for 1870 hereto prove all the facts I have stated
in reference to the State of Pennsylvania.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman is speak-
ing of 1869.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I hope we
will now have a vote on the pending question.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
is on the amendment of Mr. Foster, of Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman, I desire
to call attention to the fact that the tax on coal
has always been nearly as high as at this time,
and a good portion of the time much higher.
From 1794 to 1842 the tax was from five to six
cents a bushel, there being twenty-eight bush-
els to a ton. The tariff of 1842 made the
duty $1 75 a ton. In 1846 it. was thirty per
cent., and by act of March 3, 1847, it was thirty-
four per cent. The proposed bill would reduce
it to something less than twenty per cent.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Was there not
an internal revenue tax on coal since that
period'?
Mr. MAYNARD. Certainly not. I am
speaking of a period before we had any inter-
nal revenue tax in this country.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. And was there not
an internal revenue tax on coal ?
Mr. MAYNARD. What for?
Mr. FINKELNBURG. For internal rev-
enue.
Mr. MAYNARD. There was no direct tax
on coal that. I am awaie of.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. And was there not
a tax on coal in the way of internal revenue?
Mr. MAYNARD. Not to my recollection.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I am certain
about it.
Mr. MAYNARD. My friend from New
York read a paragraph about sun-light, which,
if \ remember correctly, was taken from a
speech he made on the tariff during the last
Congress. I listened to that speech then with
interest. I thought it was an ingenious and
adroit illustration, and abounded with his usual
felicitous humor and fun, and when he pro-
