1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141T
had concurred in the resolution of the Senate
to print extra copies of the report of the com-
missioner of fish and fisheries.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 528) to continue
in form a grant to the State of Nevada for
college purposes.
ENROLLED BILES SIGNED.
The message further aunounced that the
Speaker of the House ^ad signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills; and they were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 436) to create an addi-
tional land district in the State of Nevada;
A bill (H. R. No. 893) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Kenyon;
A bill (H. R. No. 894) granting a pension
to Joseph Montgomery;
A bill (H. R. No. 1324) to create an addi-
tional land district in the State of Minnesota;
A bill (H. R. No. 1540) to authorize the
purchase of a site for a public building at Cin-
cinnati, Ohio;
A bill (H. R. No. 1745) to provide for the
designation of a chief medical purveyor; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1663) authorizing the
"VVarren National Bank of South Danvers, in
the State of Massachusetts, to change its name
to the Warren National Bank of Peabody,
Massachusetts.
COMMITTEE ON SALES OF ARMS.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the Senator from
California to allow me to make a motion now
to finish some business which the Senate had
before them last week. It is in regard to the
appointment of the committee on the arms
resolution. I move now that the Senate pro-
ceed to elect the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania rises to ask the Senate to
complete the execution of the order made
some days since iu regard to the appointment
of a committee.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the election of the committee in
the regular way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves that the appropri-
ation bill be postponed for the present for
the purpose of executing the order.
Mr. COLE. Let it go over informally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be
done, if there be no objection. The Senator
from Pennsylvania now moves that the Senate
proceed to the execution of the order.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rule requires
the com mittee to be elected by ballot. In case
of a stauding committee the chairman is first
chosen.
Mr. CAMERON. I think we had better
elect them all together.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rule, after
speaking of standing committees, says " all
other committees shall be appointed by ballot."
The Chair thinks the whole committee can be
appointed by one ballot.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought there was
a resolution pending by general consent to
appoint the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That was laid
on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator does not
propose to call up that resolution ?
Air. CAMERON. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania calls up the order of the
Senate that the committee shall be appointed;
and that under the rule must be done by
ballot.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me that
we should save time by electing them alto-
gether, but I do not know.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We do elect them alto-
gether now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
to proceed under the rule to the appointment
of the committee. The ballots will be pre-
pared by Senators unless some Senator desires
to make nominations.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Chair be kind
enough to state—some of us were not attend-
ing at the moment—what we are to do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. To ballot for
the appointment of the committee under the
resolution of the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner,] the chairman, as well as the
other members of the committee, to be named
in the same ballot, and a plurality effects a
choice.
Mr. POMEROY. A committee of seven?
The VICE PRESIDENT. A committee
of seven.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to suggest to
the Senator from Pennsylvania that this mo-
tion to elect the committee by ballot takes
some of us by surprise. I supposed the reso-
lution laid on the table was only laid there
temporarily. There is now no time for con-
sideration among Senators, and I suggest to
him whether we had not better postpone it
until to-morrow.
Mr. CAMERON. I should rather not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me it had
better go over until to-morrow for the pur-
pose of having some understanding in refer-
ence to it; otherwise some of us wili have to
vote without knowing anything about who
would serve on the committee. I do not even
now remember what the rule is. Does it re-
quire a majority to elect?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the thirty-
fifth rule, on page 144 of the Manual. The
previous resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It requires a majority
to elect the chairman.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No, a plurality.
"All other committees shall be appointed by
ballot, and a plurality of votes shall make a
choice."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then a plurality elects
the chairman and all the members.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A plurality elects
all, by the language of the rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How is the chairman to
be designated?
Mr. CAMERON. The first named on the
list.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How in voting will the
chairman be designated ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Chair sup-
poses by the Senators designating him as chair-
man upon the ballots. The Chair certainly
cannot decide who should be chairman.
Mr. THURMAN. The chairman is to be
Qlcctsci first;
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the rule
in regard to standing committees, but the rule
does not say so in regard to other committees.
The Chair suggested that the chairman be se-
lected first, but the Senator from Vermont
drew his attention to the language of the rule.
That designation of the chairman separately
is only in regard to standing committees.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does this come up with-
out a day's notice?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It comes up by
the motion of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Can it be considered
immediately?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it can, for if the Senator will turn to page 233
of the Manual he will find this language :
" The only case where a member has a right to insist
on anything is where he calls for the execution of a
subsisting order of the House."
This is an order of the House, and the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania not only called for it
but moved it, and that motion was agreed to
by the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is necessary to exe-
cute it at once, in the view of the Chair?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it is, especially as the Senate lias ordered it,
as in this case, by a vote. The Chair did not
even enforce the language of the Manual that
a Senator could call it up; the Senator from
Pennsylvania moved it. Senators will pre-
pare their ballots, and will designate the first
Senator or what Senator they desire as chair-
man of the committee, a plurality choosing.
Mr. THURMAN. Would it be in order to
move to postpone the execution of the order
until to morrow?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; we are executing
the order now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the Senator can move to lay it on the table ;
but the Chair doubts whether it can be post-
poned. He will read the language of the
Manual;
" The only case where a member has a: right to in-
sist on anything is where he calls for the execution
of a subsisting order of the House."
In this case the Senate have ordered the
committee to be appointed.
" Here, there having been already a resolution,
any person has a right to insist that the Speaker, or
any other whoso duty it is, shall carry it into exe-
cution ; and no debate or delay can be had on it."
The Chair is of opinion, though not abso-
lutely certain, that this could be laid on the
table. A similar proposition was the other
day laid on the table. The Chair does not
think that it is a " question under debate"
under the eleventh rule which can be amended,
postponed to a day certain, or indefinitely; but
the Chair supposes the Senate could certainly
adjourn, the effect of which would be to post-
pone it until to morrow, and the Chair thinks
it might be laid on the table.
Mr. THURMAN. It is very clear that it
is not debatable, but I feel satisfied that we
ought to have the right to postpone it to suit
our convenience. Therefore, I appeal from
the decision of the Chair. I move to post-
pone the election of this committee until one
o'clock to-morrow. Does the Chair decide
that out of order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that motion is not in order.
Mr. THURMAN. I take an appeal from
that decision.
Mr. POMEROY. The rule we adopted this
morning does not allow debate on the appeal.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You are debating now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senate his decision. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moved to proceed to the
execution of the order of the Senate now, and
that was agreed to by a vote of the Senate.
The rule is that "all other committees shall
be appointed by ballot-, and a plurality of votes
shall make a choice." It is carrying out an
existing order of the Senate. The Manual
states that a member has the right to insist on
the execution of a subsisting order of the
House, and no debate- or delay can be had
upon it. The.Chair thinks a motion to post-
pone indefinitely, which is debatable, or to
postpone to a day certain, or to amend, is not
within the spirit of this language of the Man-
ual nor within the spirit of the thirty-fifth rule
which states that this order shall be executed,
having been adopted and agreed to by a vote
of the Senate, for the reason that the eleventh
rule says:
"When a question is under debate, no motion
shall be received but to adjourn, to proceed to the
consideration of executive business, to lay on the
table," &c.
Mr. THURMAN. Do I understand that a
vote had been taken on the motion ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It had been.
Mr. THURMAN. I was not aware of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair so
stated to the Senator from Illinois. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania moved to proceed to
the execution of this order.
Mr. THURMAN. And the vote was taken
on that ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The vote was
taken on that.
Mr. THURMAN. If I had known that I
should iiot have made my motion, for it was
out of order. I withdraw it, therefore.
