2314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
done for one fourth as mueh as by the nitric-
acid, and gold can be refined by it to a higher
degree and in about one- fourth the time. In
Europe this process is now universally adopted,
and refining has been brought to such a nice
point and so closely economized, as to cost,
either by wastage or otherwise, less than one
eighth of what it does here. I have lately
seen an elaborate analysis of the cost of re-
fining in England, which sustains this estimate
of its expense. I am therefore confident that
the Government should hold exclusive con-
trol over the whole subject, from the original
reception of the bullion, through the various
processes of separation, refining, assaying,
and coinage, until its final completion and
issuance 1 would go much further, and
include even the mining operation, as has
been done in Russia for three hundred years.
In 1868 I discussed on this floor the policy
and practicability of the Government availing
itself of its mineral properties in the Pacific
States, and showed that it was unwise for it
to resort to borrowing and taxation when it
possessed in its own right almost inexhaust-
ible treasures in the precious metals. Some
of the most enlightened and prosperous na-
tions m the world have successfully woiked
their own gold and silver mines, thus placing
directly into the treasury the wealth which
we permit to go into the pockets of individ
uals and piivate corporations. Were we out
of debt and with but trifling taxation, the
reason for this assumption by the Government
of its mining property would not exist, but
situated as we are, sound policy requires that
we should make available the wealth which
legitimately belongs to us. By the law of
18G(i, mineral lands were allowed to be taken
up at five dollars per acre, and even this small
sum has not always been paid. Adventurers
and squatters have taken forcible possession
of the most valaable deposits of the precious
metals in the world, and have held them to
their own advantage without any interference
upon the part of our Government. Many of
these mines are the property of foreigners
who are working them on foreign account,
and who receive regularly the whole proceeds
in Europe.
But I do not propose that we shall interfere
with existing private rights, whether legally or
illegally obtained. 1 am willing to concede
them as vested by virtue of possession; but with
reference to the unexplored and undeveloped
remaining mineral regions, estimated of in-
calculable value, I would have the Govern-
ment avail itself without delay. It is esti-
mated that at least $2,000,000,000 in value
of gold and silver and quicksilver have been
ptocured from California and contiguous terri-
tory since its purchase from Mexico. More
than one half of this was obtained at very little
outlay before the erection of costly buildings.
We can suppose, if such an amount of treas-
ure could have been procured at so little ex-
pense, what the Government could not have
done with its superior advantages of capital
and of power lo procure superior scientific
metallurgical skill. 1 have no doubt but that
the Government, under a proper system to be
devised by Congress, could organize a mining
department, as part of its coinage duties; ex-
plorations couid be made by competent geolo-
gists, the deposits of gold and silver be more
definitely ascertained and more efficiently
developed; works could be constructed and
managed by engineers of capacity, who were
familiar with such operations, and in a few
years the result would astound the world. VVe
would be able to supply our own mintage, and
doubtless have a large surplus which would
greatly increase the material wealth of the
nation.
'Hiere is another subject in connection with
American coinage worthy of some considera-
tion. I reter to the proposition to create a
coin of universal international value. This
subject has been very much agitated in Europe
within the past five years. In the summer of
1867 the representatives of the leading Gov-
ernments of the Continent met in convention
at Paris, and discussed this proposition intel-
ligently and elaborately. This country was
represented by Mr. Ruggles, of New York,
who has written much upon the subject. Our
own Government has had much correspond-
ence with others looking to the same result.
That with Sweden was recently submitted to
the Senate. From it it would appear that
even the Scandinavian States, Sweden, Den-
mark, and Norway, have failed to unite in an
equal coin of like value, and even the coins
ot' Sweden and Norway, which are under the
same Crown, differ with each other.
Although there is now an attempt being
made to revive this subject in Europe, it does
not appear to meet with that favor to which
its merits unquestionably entitle it. The dis-
turbed political condition of Europe for ihe
last two years has undoubtedly had its effect
in preventing the further promotion of inter-
national coinage. I have no doubt, however,
that sooner or later this will be accomplished.
It seems extraordinary that the nations of
Europe, so compact in population, and so con-
solidated in commercial intercourse, and uni-
ted by rail and telegraph, should differ so
much as to the value of the coins in general
circulation. The confusion, losses, and diffi-
culties to the trading people, arising from the
want of a coin of a universal acceptance as
to value, must be apparent to all. Indeed,
there is no one thing that more illustrates the
want of intelligent progress than this. In this
country we have seen the advantage of the
national bank currency, which is accepted aud
received by its face value in every part of the
.Union. Who would abolish it and recur to
the old State bank system, where the rates of
discount upon the circulating medium varied
from one half to twenty per cent. ? We all
remember the losses, embarrassments, and
trouble occasioned by the then condition of
our cash moneyed system.
While these difficulties do not exist in Europe
the same extent, yet they do exist there, to
which every traveler is especially subjected.
Therefore I assume that sooner or later, and
it may be very soon, the Governments of
Europe, from the necessity of the case, will be
compelled to issue a coin which will be recog-
nized of universal international value, which,
at least for purposes of ordinary trade and
commercial exchange, will be the standard.
Hence it may be well for us to consider, in the
passage of a general law providing for the
making of coins, whether this should not be
comprehended. It is true that hereafter Con-
gress could at any time amend the law so as
to meet such a measure, if an international
coinage in Europe and this country could be
agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Wood] is entirely
mistaken in his statement of the result of the
examination made by him into the history of
the legislation by which the provision referred
to by himself found its way into the miscella-
neous appropriation bill. I do not question
the good faith of his search ; I simply say that
the result is entirely erroneous.
Mr. WOOD. I will say to the gentleman
that the search was made tor me by the Libra-
rian of the Hall Library of the House.
Mr. SARGEN f. Then the Hall Librarian
ot the House was mistaken it he gave the
gentleman any such information. 1 hold in
my hand the original document which came
from the Senate of the United States contain-
ing its amendments to the sundry civil bill
at the second session of the last Congress.
X read from the Heading of those amendments:
In the Senate of the U,\!i i'k:> States,
June 12, 1870.
Kesolved That the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives CH. H. No. 216o) entitled " Ail act making
appropriations ior sundiy civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment tor the year ending June 3D, 1871, and for
other purposes," do pass with the following amend-
ments.
Then come the amendments, numbered from
one to sixteen.
I send to the Clerk's desk the sixteenth
amendment to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"At the end of line twenty-three insert:
" Anclprovidedfurther, That it shall bo lawful until
after the completion and occupation of said branch
mint building to exchange at any mint or branch
mint of the United States unrefined or unpartcd bul-
lion for refined or parted bullion, whenever in the
opinion of the Secretary of the Treasury it can be
done with advantage to theGovernment: Provided,
That the weight, fineness, and value of the bullion
received and giveu in exchange shall bo determined
by the mint assay : And provided further. That the
authority hereby given shall not be construed so as
to interfere with the rights and privileges now or
heretofore enjoyed by depositors of bullion at said
mints."
Mr. SARGENT. That is the amendment
as it was adopted in the Senate. Here is the
bill we sent to the Senate. It is the bill as it
was passed by the House. Here are the amend-
ments of the Senate with which the bill came
back from the Senate to the Houser. It was
near the close of the session when the amend-
ments came back from the Senate to the House
bill, and my recollection now is that the House
non-concurred in all the amendments of the
Senate, and sent them to a committee of con-
ference. The report of the committee of con-
ference I hold in my hand. The managers
of the conference on the part of the House
were Hon. Henry L. Dawes, Mr. A. Sargext,
and Hon. James B. Beok, and our report is
as here stated, that the Senate receded from
certain of its amendments, and that the House
receded from its disagreement to amendments
of the Senate numbered one, two, three, and
so on, with some exceptions, until we came to
number sixteen, and the House receded from
its objection to that sixteenth amendment, and
it became a part of the law.
Mr. WOOD. I said I had caused examina-
tion to be made, and that was reported to me
as the result of that examination. I have told
the gentleman and the House who made it for
me. I am glad to be corrected. 1 am satis-
fied, so far as I stated that it was placed in the
bill by the committee of conference, in that
regard I was in error, as it appears it origin-
ated in the Senate.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, the legisla-
tion of that time was not peculiar, or as an-
nouncing any new policy. As far back as
1853 Congress provided as follows:
"Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That when pri-
vate establishments shall be made to refine gold
bullion, the Secretary of the Treasury, if he shall
deem them capable of executing such work, is
hereby authorized and required to limit the amount
thereof, which shall be refined in the Mint at Phil-
adelphia from quarter to quarter, and to reduce tho
same progressively as such establistimeuts shall be
expended [extended?] or multiplied, so as event-
ually and as soon as may be. to exclude refining
from the Mint, and to require that every deposit of
J bullion made therein for coinage shall be
adapted to said purpose without need of refining-
ltp?° advances in coin shall be made
upon bullion after this regulation shall be carried-
prescribed'*'eXCe "P0U hon refined as herein
Carrying out the idea that the constitutional
duty to com gold <-hould be executed bv the
Government of the United States did not im-
ply that the Government should turn itself
into a manufactory to do the refining of sold
or, as the gentleman frnm Michigan [Mr'
Stooghton] well said, it did not require it to
do that any more than to go into the bu.-iness
of the original production of gold.
Ihis was in 1803, and is to be found in vol-
'ime .!en' page 210 ol the Statutes at-Lar^e.
• '°iapStent ^'kisidea, Congress subsequently,
in 1861, as I find m volume twelve, pa~e 144,
or toe Statutes at-Large, enacted as follows:
visiomnf'th^fioi l> J'ur.ther e r<c'erl. That the ;no-
of th?i?f nr r section ol chapter ninety-seven
oitneacto* Goiigrcssappiovetl March 3 18,>i rc-cunr-
amount SW?' of thu° T —t o 11 in it, the
"J,11'01 refining at, the Jlmt wtienever private
shallbe :eS?'3 iUii'U. b° Pal>uole ot' refining bullion,
shall be extended to the neveial branches'of the
