1418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order of
the Senate will now be texeduted, and the
Sergeant at-Arms will pass around the ballot-
boxes and collect Senators' ballots'. Senators
will please*'designate the ehairman of the com-
mittee-, or the first name on the list may be
regarded as a designation of the chairman,'
and a plurality will choose. ..
The'billots of Senators halving been pre-
pared were collected in the ballot-boxes by the
assistahtdoOrkeeper, [IskaeBassett, esq.,] and
broaght'tb th'e desk.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is it the pleasure
of the Senate that- the' Ohair shall appoint
tellers to open these ballots and coim't them ?
Mr. POME ROY. The Vice President and
Secretary should count the.vofes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have tellers,
although I have no objection to the Chair
counting them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair then
will appoint the Senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Cameron] and the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Thurman,] aud th,$<j<jviU be kind enough
to act. as tellers. _ . ..
The Chair.desires before these ballots are
counted; lestithere might be a misunderstand-
ing alter tile count, to draw, attention to this
point. . The rule reads i ■
"All other committees shall be appointed by bal-
lot, anil a plurality of votes shall mjlsp a ehoiee."
That says nothing in regard to the chairman-
ship of aseloct committee, although the rule
speaks of the chairman of standing committees
being appointed by a separate ballot. The
parliamentary rule, which will be found on the
two hundred and twenty-second page of the
Manual, is:
"The person-first named is generally permitted to
act as chairman. JSut this is a matter of courtesy ;
every coimnittoe hAving d right to elect their own
chairman, who presides ovor them, pats questions,
and reports their proceedings to the llouso."
This-is> modified-by'the rule in regard to
standing committees, they having a chairman
designated-by a direfcUvote ot'lhe Senatei But
in this ease the Senate appoint the whole com-
mittee, by the language of the rule. Now, it
might happen when these ballots are counted—
the Chair knows not how a solitary Senator
has voted-—that the votes for chairman were
distributed among half a dozen Senators, hav-
ing five or six votes apiece. Cerlainlya Sen-
ator receiving only five or six votes should not
be the chairman of the committee, because he
might not have votes enough to,go on the com-
mittee, and the Chair thinks, after consultation
•with the Senator who has so often, been elected
President pro tempore, that the safest rule, for
the convenience of the Senate, to carry out
their will, is to state beforehand that if the
Senate do not by direct votespecilically choose
the chairman of the committee, it will devolve
upon the seven gentlemen chosen by a plural-
ity of the votes cast, that is, the seven highest,
to choose their chairman themselves.
Several Senators* Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If that shall be
the pleasure of the Senate, the Chair will so
rule, and then no person can be prejudiced
by the result of this ballot. The Chair under-
stands that to be the sense of the Senate.
The Senators - appointed tellers -will now
coine forward and be kind enough to count
the ballots, and the Secretary will record them
as they'are counted.
Mr. Cas!er'o£ and Mr. Tiicjuma^ then
advanced to the Secretary's desk and can-
vassed the votes, handing to the Vice Presi-
dent the statement of the result.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The tellers' an-
nounce the following as the result'of the bal-
lot: Mr. Carpenter received 40 votes, Mr.
Trumbull 19, Mr. Conkling 3, Mr. Schurz 23,
Mr. Edmunds 2, Mr. Logan 53, Mr. Ferry 4,
Mr. Ramsey 4, Mr. Thurman 4, Mr. Anthony
3, Mr. Wilson 1, Mr. Pool 1, Mr. Ames 36,
Mr. Harlan 38, Mr. Stevenson 52, Mr. Ham-
lin 39. Mr. Sawyer 38, Mr. Moirill of Maine 2,
Mr. Wright 1, Mr. Tipton 12, Mr. Feiry of
Connecticut 13, (and there "were also 4 votes
for Mr. Ferry without the State being named,)
Mr. Stockton 1, Mr. Bayard'1, Mr. Hill 6, Mr.
Blair 12,-and Mr. West 1.
The tellers have also furnished the Chair
with the following"as the seven highest Sena^
tors, who having received a-plurality of ail the
votes cast, are Chosen as this committee: Mr.
Hamlin 39, Mr. Carpenter 40, Mr. Sawyer 38,
Mr. Logan 53, Mr. Ames 36, Mr. Harlan 38;
and Mt. Stevenson 52 votes. Those seven gen-
tlemen are elected./
Mr. TIPTON. I desire to make a motion
that that ballot beaconstdered_ Iri formal, because
from' the time thd motion prevailed'hfire to go
into an election there was no opportunity of
conceutrating on anything; for tliere was a
ticket Written stn'd prepared specially that was
forced Up&n the Senate, when really I came
here this -morning thinking the question was
on the motion m&de on Friday to fill the
vacancy on the cortimittee by the insertion' of
the name of the Senatot- from Missouri, [Mr.
Schurz.] Therefore I propose (hat this bal-
lot be considered informal, in ordWbhat there
maybe an opportunity for the'Senate to make
a fair expression withouta packed ticket being
brought in here so suddenly upon its.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the words " packed ti-cket " are scarcely within
the rule.
Mr. TIPTON-. "Previously prepared" is
the term I wish to use.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be
better. The Senator-from Nebraska, as the
Chair understands, asks unanimous consent
that this ballot be regarded as informal, and
that the Senate proceed to another ballot; for
the reason slated by him.
Mr. EDMUNDS.' I object. : ■
The' VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont objects. The committee has
been chosen under the rule of the Senate.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask leave to be ex-
cused from serving on this committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that, motion will be in order, as the committee
has just been choscn. The Senatorfrom Ken-
tucky asks to be excused from service on this
committee.
Mr. STEVENSON. I have no acquaint-
ance with this subject. I am on a vei-y labori-
ous committee, the Committee 'on Appropri-
ations, which has now some very important
business before it. I will move to substitute
Mr. Sohcrz, who is fully acquainted with this
business, in my place.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The Chair thinks
the substitution would require unanimous con-
sent. The Senator can' be excused by a major-
ity vote.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then I ask to be
excused.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question
and declared that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. STEVENSON. I demand a division.
Mr. EDMUNDS and Mr. CONKLING, (to
Mr/ Cole. ) Why do you not call for the regu-
lar order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that the Senator from Kentucky has a right,
after the committed has been elected, to ask
to be excused. The question must be decided
without debate.
• The question being again put, there were, on
a division—ayes 21, noes 19.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask for the yeas and
nays-.
'J he yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Casserlv, Cooper,
l>avis of W est Virginia; Ferry of Connecticut, Gold-
|hwaxt.c, Hamilton of Marylaud,, Hamilton of Texas,
lull, Johnston, Kelly, Norwood, Robertson, Sauls-
biirv, bchurz/Stevenson,Stockton,Thurman,Tipton,
lruinbull, West, and Wilson—23.
NAYS—Messrs; Ames, Anthony. Boreman, Cald-
well, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton, Cole
Conkling, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan .
Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan, Nye
Pomorov, 1\k>1. Ramsey. Sawyor, Scott, Spencer*
and Vickcrs—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Corbett, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Fonton,
Hitchcock, Howe, Kellogg, Lewis, Logan, Morrill
of Majne, Morrill of "Vermont, Morton, Osborn,
Patterson, Pratt, -Rice, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart,
Sumner, Windom, and."Wright—25.
So the Senate refused to excuse Mr. Ste-
venson.
Mr. VICKERS. I voted in the negative,
that I might move a reconsideration; audi
therefore iaake that motion now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask*for the yeas and
nayvS on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.; and being
taken fesu'lted—- yeas 24, nays 33 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Casserly,
Cooper, Davis of West Virginia, Ferry of Connec-
ticut, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland. Ham-
ilton of Texas, Johnston, Kelly, Norwood, Robert-
son, SaulsburyvSchurz, Stevenson, Stockton, Thur-
man, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, West, and Wil-
son—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler,
Clayton, Colo, Conkling, Coibett, Edmunds, Ferry
of Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen. (Gilbert,
ilamlm, Harlan, Hill, Howe, Kellogg, Morrill of
Vermont, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ram-
sey, Sawyer., Scott, Sherman, and Spencer—33.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Cragin, Davis of
Kentucky, Feuton, Hitchcock, Lewis, Logan, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morton, Patterson, Rice, Sprague,
Stewart, S dinner, Wmdom, and Wright—16.
So the motion to reconsider was not agreed
to. '
Mr. HAMLIN. I move that the commit-
tee be authorized to employ a stenographic
reporter. The resolution does not give them
that power.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair read
the list of this committee as furnished him by
the tellers who tqok the eountof the vote. The
understanding is that the committee are to
select their chairman when they assemble.
The Chair read the list as furnished in its
order by the tellers.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
Mr. POMEROY. _ I am requested to ask an
order that Robert Williams have leave to with-
draw some papers from the files of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What are they?
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know. No action
has been had upon them. .
Mr. EDMUNDS. Whatsortof a claim is it?
Mr. POMEROY. Something that was re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs. I
do not know what they are. I have only just
got a note from him on the subject;
Mr-. EDMUNDS. You say that there has
been no action on the claim?
Mr. POMEROY. None at all.
The order was adopted.
LEGISLATIVE, ETCAPPROPRIATION BULL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1060) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,
1873, and for other purposes.
The Secretary resumed the reading of the
bill, the amendments of the Committee on
Appropriations being acted on in their order
as they were reached in the- reading.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 51, line twelve
hundred and forty-three, to reduce the appro-
priation for plumbing and gas fixtures in the
Post Office Department from $3,000 to $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. In line twelve hundred and
forty, I propose by direction of the commit-
tee to strike out " nine" and insert " seven,''
so as to make the appropriation for stationery
for the Post Office Department $7,000; and
in line twelve hundred and forty-three, after
the word "thousand," to insert "four hun-
dred and fifty;" so that it will read "for
plumbing and gas fixtures $1,450."
Mr. RAMSEY. I did not hear the Sen-
ator's proposition. I wish he would state it
again.
Mr. COLE. It is to reduce the appropria-
