1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2315
Mint and to the United States assay office at New
York in a'l cases where deposits of bullion are
made for coins or fine bars.''
No, sir, the provision in 1870, to which the
gentleman alludes, was in the strict line of
this former legislation, and I believe upon the
same wholesome principle.
The assertions made in the New York Jour-
nal of Commerce, so far as they go to imply
that the refining should cost but the smaller
amount mentioned there, and consequently
that there is an overcharge by private estab-
lishments now doing this refining at San Fran-
cisco, are in error. The essential elements
of the calculation are left out. In private
refining establishments there are the establish-
ments themselves, the real estate, the clerks,
the superintendents, as well as the skilled
laborers employed in the various processes
of refiuins;. But in the calculation made in
the New York Journal of Commerce nothing
of this kind is included. The actual cost is
put at eleven cents, as in San Francisco, if
you reckon the cost, the interest on the in-
vestment. of the Government, the cost of the
superintendence, and the clerks who manage
this business.
Now, I have found by my own observation
the fact to be justified which I anticipated at
the time as a member of that committee of
conference between the two Houses, when I
assented to vitalize the previous legislation of
Congress on this subject. I have found in my
observations in California that bullion or crude
gold in the hands ofthe miner, who produces it
and sends it to the Mint, is advanced on an
average one half of one per cent. Bullion
went, up at once in the hands of the original
producers, because by this proeess they were
enabled to get nearer to its actual value. The
Government by its policy for several years,
and by its legislation of 1870, has encouraged
private establishments to go into^ this business,
which it ought not to carry on itself. It has
induced capital to be invested in it, and these
establishments are now performing this work
with a guarantee of the Government protect-
ing the depositors, and at the same time pro-
tecting the Government ; and it is unfair, it is
wrong for the Government now to cease this
policy, and to say that the capital invested in
these private establishments shall in any event
be lost or destroyed by reversing the policy of
the Government in this particular.
In these private establishments they use the
sulphuric acid process, this being the only
place on the Pacific coast where it is^ used.
It is a process which cannot be used in the
Mint for want of room, and on account of the
fumes which arise from it., and the costliness of
the process ; the result, however, being a finer
assav than is attained by the old process. _
1 do not care at this stage ofthe bill to dis-
cuss this matter at any length ; but^ I wish to
say that there arc other reasons besides those
which have been suggested why this bill should
pass. We now give a premium for the export-
ation of gold from our own country by tho
present coinage charge of one half ot one per
cent., a higher charge than the cost of the
coinage. The result is that our gold takes
itself away, and goes over to countries, such
as England, where there is no coinage change.
The policy there has been tested by experience,
and when, a few years since, there was an at-
tempt to change the policy ot the English Gov-
ernment in that respect, and to put on a seign-
orage, afier a full and exhaustive examination
it was voted down. The effect of sending away
our gold in consequence of this coinage charge
is, that it depletes our own market, -while it
necessarily aids the business of other countries.
By reducing the coinage charge as proposed
by this bill to one fifth of one per cent, we
remove the temptation for its exportation, and
so far gsve some advantage for the resumption
ot specie payments in this country. But if we
keep up the change at the rate at which it has
|).>on 'for the last twenty or thirty years—and
it was a new experiment when it was intro-
duced—the effect must necessarily be the de-
pletion of this country of the bullion we produce
and we shall become tributary to the London
market, making that the bullion market of the
world, while New York or San Francisco
ought to be such.
There are some matters of detail in this bill
which, when we come to consider it by clauses,
I shall desire to speak upon, but I shall not
take up more of the time of the House at
present.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I want to
call the attention of the gentleman from Ken
tucky, [Mr. Beck,] who was a member of the
conference committee, to the clause in the
conference report which has been referred to,
and to inquire what construction he gave it?
Mr. BECK. I have not been in the House
throughout this debate and do not know any-
thing about the course it has taken. The
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
inquires of me what was meant by this clause :
It shall be lawful until after tho completion and
occupation of said branch mintbuildingto exchange
at any mint or branch mint of the u mted btates.
I suppose, then, that it referred to the United
States Mint, and branch mints.
Mr. SARGENT. I do not know whether
the gentleman from Kentucky understood the
matter at the time. I thought he did, because
he is very intelligent about these matters and
this provision was discussed in the Senate for
two or three days, aud it was not an unusual
provision, because, as I have shown, it was
enacted in 1803 and again in 1871.
Mr. BECK. I only desire to say that of
these matters relating to mints and coinage I
was comparatively ignorant, and had great faith
in the conferees, who knew more about it than
I did ; but that was the construction 1 put upon
it. I have been out of the House all morning,
and have just come in, and do not know, even,
what bill is up. . , .
Mr. WOOD. Did it give the right to pri-
vate refiners to do this work ?
Mr. SARGENT. I understand that the word
(£ exchange" simply meantthis: that unrefined
or unparted bars received at the Mint might be
exchanged for refined and parted bars from
any person outside.
Mr. WOOD. That is the construction of
the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. POTTER. Exactly. The Mint takes
the metal that comes from the miners and gives
them in exchange refined bars that come from
the refiners on such terms as the Director or
the Mint sees fit. I understand that those terms
now are to allow the refiner eleven cents per
ounce on every ounce of refined metal, whereas
I understand that the exchange can be made
at the assay offices of the Government at one
and a half cent on the ounce.
Mr. SARGENT. That statement would be
true if you provide that the mints and assay
offices shall cost nothing for buildings, nothing
for officers, or other expenses. The gentle-
man's idea seems to be for the Government to
run an opposition to the private assay offices,
on the ground that it costs nothing but for the
workmen who manipulate the bullion. Ihe
gentleman and his friends of the Chamber of
Commerce ought to consider the elements that
go into the consideration of the business.
Mr. POTTER. I agree with my friend that
we ought to consider all the elements that
enter into the calculation. It costs the Gov-
ernment in actual expenditures for everything
one and a half cent per ounce. It costs the
private parties who refine eleven cents an
ouuee, and the only question is whether the
remaining nine and a half cents are proper
charges to cover the cost of building, and
superintendents and officers. Now, accoiding
to the information 1 have, they are excessive.
Mr. SARGENT. Instead of costing the
Government a cent and a halt an ounce it
costs the Government eleven cents an ounce
in New York.
Mr. POTTER. That is not the information
I have. It is not the calculation of the officers
there.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I wish to
call the attention of the House at this point to
the danger of these conference committees.
The year before last this same proposition was
brought forward here and met with no sap-
port in this House except from California,
and here it is put in when no one excepting
those upon the conference committee knew
anything about it. This should put the House
upon its guard against reports of conference
committees.
Mr. SARGENT. It may put the House upon
its guard against passing any laws whatever, I
yield now to the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. ■ In reply
to the remarks of gentlemen in regard to the
cost of assaying at the mint at, New York,
I would like to call attention to this fact, that
the expenses of the assay office for the year
ending June 30, 1871, excluding the salaries of
officers and clerks, amounted to $103,823 61.
The deductions for the same period were
aS follows: for parting charges, $24,469 62;
for bar charges, $15,688 86; making in all
$40,158 48, leaving a difference of expenses
over income of $63,665 13, and showing that
even^at the rate of five cents per ounce for
parting, the sum realized from that and all
other charges at the assay office by the Gov-
ernment for refining, parting, and stamping
is less than half the expenses incurred for
wages, materials, and other incidentals.
Mr. WOOD. By the nitric acid process? _
Mr. HOOPER, ot Massachusetts. This is
by the sulphuric acid process.
Mr. WOOD, Is not the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] in possession of
a letter from one ofthe leading authorities of
England upon this question, in which he says
that he thinks that this can be done at com-
paratively no cost to the Government, by the
construction of the proper works for the sul-
phuric acid process?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The ex-
perience of last year shows that refining can
be done for five per cent, by the sulphuric
acid process.
Mr. ST'OUGHTON. Heretofore eleven cents
has always been the price charged by the Gov-
ernment for refining and parting gold. There
were establishments upon the Pacific coast run
by the sulphuric acid process that could part
the metal cheaper than it could be done at the
Mint. Consequently gold in the crude state
was put in the Mint for the purpose of having
the Mint responsibility, and turned over to
these parties to be refined and parted^ and
they were paid eight cents for it, leaving a
profit of three cents to the Government.
Now, it may be that it can be done a great
deal cheaper in New York, because there we
have provided an assay office, the buildings and
the necessary workmen, and they are run by
appropriations from Congress. When they
have all that, of course they can refine the
gold cheaper. But take that out of the ac-
count and they cannot refine gold any cheaper
there than in San Francisco. I insist that it is
cheaper for the Government to have the gold
refined at private refiners in San Francisco,
than to compel people to bring it all the way
across the continent to New York to be refined.
It is not ihe duty of the General Government to
refine gold. The Constitution gives Congress
power to make all laws relating to the coinage
of money, not the refining of metals. That
properly belongs to individual enterprise. It
would be better to encourage the establish-
ment of private institutions tor that purpose,
than for the Government to arrogate tu ltseit
a branch of business which is not guarantied
to it by the Constitution, and which does not
properly belong to it.
Mr. HOOPEll, of Massachusetts. I propose
now to offer some amendments to this bill.
The first is to the first section of the bill, to
