1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
82It
object of the duty on coal was to put money in
somebody's pocket.
Mr. KERR. So it is.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman had his
fire minutes, and I claim mine without inter-
ruption. Sir, there never has been a day since
we had a tariff in this country that there has
not been a duty on coal for revenue. In 1869
we derived a revenue from the duty on coal
of $546,535 43 ; in 1870, $519,661 19; and in
1871, $538,135 72.
Now, sir, that money went into the Treas-
ury. This duty is a revenue duty ; it has
always been collected as such. The gentle-
man proposes to remit according to last year's
receipts $322,581. The gentleman proposes
to take this amount out of the Treasury, and
give it—to whom ? To the owner of the
Acadian coal-mine and the owner of the Eng-
lish mine. The gentleman talks of "rob-
bery." If he had applied the epithet person-
ally, we might say that he would filch from
the Treasury $322,000 to give it to his pets in
Nova Scotia or Great Britain.
The gentleman knows very well that New
England's capital, instead of going to Virginia
and opening the coal-fields upon the James
and other rivers, instead of going to North
Carolina and opening the tide-water coal-
fields there, has gone to Nova Scotia and
opened mines ; and if the gentleman does not
know, I do, that during our late war one of
those companies declared an annual dividend
of one hundred and seventy-five per cent. The
gentleman would give this money now received
by the Government as revenue to the owners
of those coal-fields at the cost of the tax-payers
of the country. He would prevent the devel-
opment of war-stricken and prostrate eastern
Virginia and North Carolina. Pennsylvania
need not care for this duty. From 1869 to the
present time I have argued before this House
that this duty on coal is not a question of pro-
tection. but a question of revenue. Only look
at the consumption of coal east of the Alle-
ghanies and north of the Potomac; more than
twenty million tons. What influence upon
the current rate can four hundred or six hun-
dred thousand tons of bituminous coal have?
Gentlemen talk about the effect upon the
price of coal in the West. No gentleman
from that section, no constituent of any gen-
tleman here, ever saw a car-load of tide-water
bituminous coal carricd to the other side of
the Alleghany mountains. Go into the Alle-
ghany mountain region, either at Altoona or
J ohnstown, and you can buy coal at the mouth
of the mine for ninety cents or one dollar a
ton. How, then, can it be said that the duty
of $1 25 is added to the price of each ton
of coal? No, sir; this is simply a question
whether Nova Scotians and certain gentle
men from New England, who own mines in
Nova Scotia, shall pocket between three or
four hundred thousand dollars now received
by the Government as revenue, or whether
that money shall go into the Treasury of the
United States. There is no question of pro-
tection in the matter.
Mr. IilBBARD. Mr. Chairman, there is one
view of this question which I have not heard
presented while I have been present during this
discussion. I do not regard this as aqaestion
of protecting American labor. A controversy
between protection and free trade might arise
in a case whereyou could go to a foreign country,
purchase an article there, transport it to this
country, and in the home market undersell the
corresponding native production. But this
cannot bo done in the case of coal. There is
probably no coal imported into Philadelphia
or any sea-port which is near a coal-producing
region. The question, therefore, is, shall New
England, shall New York, shall San Francisco,
pay for useless, burdensome, and costly trans-
portation? This is the whole question.
I hold in my hand the report of the chief
of the Bureau of Statistics, which shows that
there is practically no coal imported anywhere
near a coal-producing region. It is all im-
ported into New England or New York or
San Francisco. No other place in any por-
tion of the United States imports any consid-
erable amount of coal. The question, then,
is, shall we pay these great bounties to the
railroads for transporting coal to navigable
waters, and then pay as much for shipping it
as it would cost us to ship it from Nova Scotia
to Boston or other ports?
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Chairman, I want to
say a word on this coal question. I have lis-
tened with great satisfaction to the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] because he is so
earnest, and to my friend from Pennsylvania,
because I do not quite understand him.
[Laughter.] But neither of these gentlemen
has given the reason why I shall vote for this
proposition? In regard to this duty on coal,
I do not Know whether the gentleman on the
other side [Mr. Kerr] is right in his doctrine,
or whether the gentleman on this side [Mr.
Kelley] is right in his philosophy ; it is more
than lean understand, whetherothergentlemen
understand it or not. But this fact 1 do know:
I vote for the duty on coal because I find it
here. It has been here for half a century or
more. Large industries of this country are
founded upon this duty. Many thousands of
honest men are dependent upon this branch
of industry for their bread from day to day;
and whatever may be the philosophy of the
matter, I hold that it would be a crime, and
if done for lhat purpose an infamous crime,
to strike down the duty without sufficient
reason, and without a moment's notice or
warning whatever.
Now, sir, that being the condition in which
we find the coal question, we sustain the prin-
ciple of duty on coal because the country
requires it, and because the industry of the
country requires it, and because the Treasury
demands revenue. But believing as we do, it
ought to be reduced, we propose, as the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and M,eans
proposes, a reduction of ten per cent.
Mr. KILLINGER. The reduction here is
sixty per cent, on coal.
Mr. BANKS. So much the better. [Laugh-
ter.] I go the entire question, first, because
there is a duty, and ought to be; and second,
because it is reduced sixty per cent., and ought
to be reduced. What do I care whether that
corresponds with the philosophy of the other
side or the doctrinaires of this side, for it is not
a question of philosophy, but of fact.
The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] says to be sure he gets tea and
coffee free; but because he does not get his
tea kettle and all other things free he is not
willing to take that. I am willing to take all
the reduction we can get now, and afterwards
strike for more. The gentleman from New
York protests against the reduction on coffee
and tea because he cannot get it on everything
else. Let us take what we can get, and then
take more when we can get it. I do not pro-
pose to hold the floor any longer.
Mr. KILLINGER. I wish to inquire of my
friend from Massachusetts, to state why he is
in favor of a redaction in a revenue bill on
every other article excepting bituminous coal
of ten per cent., and on bituminous coal only
of sixty per cent. ? Why doe3 he make that
discrimination?
Mr. BANKS. Address that to the chair-
man of the Committee on Ways and Means;
I did not do this. [Laughter.] If there is
anything wrong to be accounted for in this
bill, the gentleman from Pennsylvania cannot
appeal to any one who deserves to speak on this
subject more than the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, the chairman of the Committee on
Ways and Means.
Mr. KILLINGER. The gentleman looks
one way. while he rose another. [Laughter.]
Mr. BANKS. That is the constant example
in this House [Laughter.]
Mr. KILLINGER. Mr. Chairman, m the
course of this discussion it has been
by those in favor of striking off the duty on
bituminous coal that the movement is entirely
in the interest of monopoly, that the duty
taken off goes into the pockets of the monop-
olists of Pennsylvania. That is the argument,
and that is the conclusion of the argument. I
rise to call the attention of the House and
the country that during this Congress I have
in my own person presented memorials from
at least ten thousand of the laboring men, the
working men, the miners, the machinists, of
the persons who are dependent dfc their daily
labor, praying this House to stay its hand and
to allow this duty to remain. Can gentlemen
on the other side, who ask that it be taken off,
point to a single petition coming here from the
laboring classes asking that the duty be taken
off? Not one I If the people of the country
were to be benefited by the taking off of this
duty, why, therefore, have we not had petitions
from them on that subject ?
Aside from the question of revenue, it has
been well shown by my colleague, then we
would have heard from them. But we have
heard from the laboring men, from the miners,
not from Pennsylvania alone, but from Mary-
land and Virginia, and other parts of the coun-
try, not to take the duty off bituminous coal.
Therefore I make the point that it is in the in-
terest of the working men we are calling upon
the House to allow this duty to remain.
In the bill now reported from the Committee
of Ways and Means there is a reductioa of
sixty per cent, on bituminous coal, whereas
the general scale of reduction in reference
to every other article is ten per cent., and
it has not been shown why there should be
such a discrimination against bituminous coal.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RITCHIE. Mr. Chairman, the question
still remains, not whether the theory of free
trade or protection is correct in the abstract,
but whether you have dealt with coal equit-
ably compared with the other articles in this
bill. I was glad to hear myfriend fromlndiana
[Mr. Kerr] say he was in favor of an equal
bill. I ask him why, when he agreed with the
report of the majority of the committee, he
respected cotton, yielded to iron, bowed before
wool and took out all of his free-trade zeal on
Cumberland coal?
Let him raise the cry of free cotton, free
iron, free wool, and we will unite with him on
free coal also. But we do object, to the dis-
cordant songs for free coal when the gentle-
man is not consistent by manifesting the same
zeal for these other articles. There is no
justice in reducing the tariff on cotton and
iron and the other staples ten per cent., and
striking down our interest to the extent of
sixty per cent.
I will tell my friend from New Hampshire
[Mr. Hibbard] why it is that the interests of
the Atlantic sea-board should not alone be
taken into consideration in this matter. Tiiere
are four thousand articles taxed, from the pro-
tection of which New England derives the
chief benefit. The West is not concerned in
this assault on coal. And I ask the attention
of the gentleman, and I also call the attention
of the House to the fact that this bill makes
gas free. While the framers of the bill have
reduced the duty on coal, and while they have
increased the burdens on the production of
the article in which we are interested, they
have relieved the monopolists of New York,
the gas companies, which seem to have such
zealous defenders on this floor.
I say, sir, it is a sorry sight to see the gal-
lant knights of free trade shrink from the ser-
ried ranks that defend the citadel of protection,
and attempt to retrieve their discomfiture by
massacring a feeble adversary.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOxill. I desire to make an inquiry
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Kelley,] who is a member of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, and has studied the
