1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
523
there was nothing in their connection with the
rebellion that made it improperfor its authors
to hold the highest office in this Government.
That is the moral and legal effect of it—that
there was nothing in the connection of Mr.
Davis or of Mr. Toombs with the rebellion to
make it improper for him to become a Sena-
tor or to become the President of the United
States. Can we make this declaration hon-
estly ? If we do it, it is a concession that
what we said during the rebellion was wrong ;
that we were in error in regard to the facts, or
in error in regard to the principles that were
involved.
Now, sir, in regard to the consequences of
this rebellion: this rebellion was made for
what purpose? For the purpose of extending
and perpetuating the institution of slavery.
If slavery was right, the'n there might be a
good moral cause for the rebellion; but if
slavery was criminal, then the cause of the
rebellion was criminal. What were the con-
sequences of the rebellion? The consequences
were greater than the consequences of all the
crimes that have been committed in the Uni-
ted States from the time this Government was
formed until the present day. Let me be un-
derstood upon that point: the consequences
of the conduct of these comparatively few men
were more terrible than the consequences of all
the crimes of every descript'on that have been
committed in this country from the time the
Government was formed until the present day.
If a man takes a single life deliberately,you
take his life upon the scaffold; if a man steals
a ten-dollar bill, you consign him to the peni-
tentiary ; but when men have deliberately and
by fraud and by false assertion, and by the
employment of devilish arts, brought upon the
country a rebellion which has cost halt' a mil-
lion lives, which has cost three or four thou-
sand million dollars, which has made hun-
dreds of thousands of wives widows and chil-
dren orphans, which has piled upon this nation
a load of debt under which we are still stagger-
ing, and which will not be taken from our
shoulders during this generation—the men who
have brought these untold-, incalculable calam-
ities and woes upon this nation, and have done
it with their eyes open, with malice afore-
thought, regardless of consequences, it is now
proposed to relieve from the last legal mark
of reprobation and render them eligible to hold
the highest office in this Government. 1 sub-
mit that we cannot do that without falsifying
our record and disgracing ourselves before the
world. I submit that it would be to educate
the children of this country and all future
generations in the belief that treason is no
crime, that there is nothing wrong in rebellion,
that all the responsibility that a man takes in
committing treason against the Government is
the danger of death during the rebellion, and
if he escapes that, he is to be restored to his
rights just as if nothing had been done.
Now, sir, I remove this question from the
domain of expediency and of feeling; I put it
upon the ground of high principle; I put it
upon the ground of our duty to coming genera-
tions, to the children that are now growing up
around us, and I declare it solemnly to be my
opinion that by gianting universal amnesty we
should come stiort of our duty to ourselves, to
our children, and to those wlio are to come
after us.
If any man believes that we are to have no
future trouble in this country, that this rebel-
lion was the last, that opinion is contradicted
by the history of every nation. Troubles may
occur from decade to decade. We shall not
have a rebellion hereafter on account of slavery ;
that has passed away; but we may have it for
a thousand other causes. There may be local
dissatisfactions; troubles may arise, in one sec-
tion or the other; questions of disagreement
and heart-burning and estrangement may arise
of which we now have no conception and can
not even imagine; and are we prepared to say
that the worst rebellion in history, one than
which there can never be another more wicked,
involved no criminality, and that the very
authors of it shall be allowed to return to power
just as if nothing had been done? If we shall
say that in regard to the great rebellion, what
will be the opinion in regard to future troubles
that may arise? They will say, "There is no
danger; there is no responsibility except the
danger that may arise during the time of the
actual conflict; there is to be no responsibility
in history." Then, sir, it is the lesson of
history that is involved.
Sir, I want peace in the South; I want it
as earnestly as any man; but I want peace in
the South upon correct principles. I am not
willing to purchase peace by conceding that
they were right and that we were wrong. They
must regard universal amnesty in that light;
history must regard it in that light. Only the
other day we had an argument from the Sen-
ator from Maryland, not now in his seat, [Mr.
Vickers,] to the effect that the doctrine of
State rights, of State sovereignty, was gener-
ally accepted in the South; that they were act-
ing upon it; they believed they had the right
to secede; they were honest, and therefore,
as soon as the war was over, there should have
been universal amnesty, and everything should
have been passed over and forgotten. If he
was right in his premises, then there should
be universal amnesty ; if he was wrong, there
should not be. If we grant universal am-
nesty, we concede that he was right; that
those people were in the exercise of what they
believed to be a constitutional right; that thev
were guilty of nothing wrong, and therefore,
as soon as the war was over, we should let
by-gones be by gones and restore them to their
place in the Government.
Mr. President, when we come to that con-
clusion, other conclusions will follow inevita-
bly. If it is true that they were really honest
upon both sides, that there was no criminality
involved, and that the leaders of the rebellion
ought to be allowed to return to their places
of power, what else follows?
Mr. HAMLIN. We should pay their ex-
penses.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator says "pay
their expenses." Yes, we should pay the
debts on both sides. That is the inevitable
and irresistible conclusion. What is the phi-
losophy of universal amnesty? If the authors
of the rebellion ought to be allowed to hold
office just as if nothing had occurred; if they
should be allowed to come in afterward and
become the law-makers and governors of this
country while they are the great criminals, I
ask if you ought to make any difference in the
payment of pensions because a man fought
on the one side or the other?
Grant universal amnesty, and the next step
that will be taken—and it is a philosophical
step, and one that "cannot be resisted—will
be to pension the rebel soldiers and put tbem
on the same footing with the loyal soldiers of
this country. Every argument in favor of
amnesty would be tenfold stronger in favor
of that measure; and why? Because pen-
sioning rebel soldiers would do more in the
way of conciliating the South and of attaching
them to the Government than any measure ot
amnesty could do. If you grant amnesty to
conciliate the South, andif that is your object,
then I tell you that pensioning the rebel sol-
diers will go much further than granting am-
nesty, and it is a legitimate consequence of
thesame argument. Will you say that Davis,
or Toombs, or Breckinridge should be admit-
ted into this Senate to make laws for the loyal
men of this country, while the rebel soldiers
should be excluded from the pension-roll?
There would be no sense in that. If you are
to admit those authors of the rebellion into
this Chamber, I ask if you should not bring
their dead and bury them in Arlington along-
side of the Federal dead? If the authors
of the rebellion are to become your compan-
ions on this floor, shall not the confederate
dead, comparatively their innocent victims,
become the companions of your soldiers in
Arlington and other national cemeteries?
Mr. President, there are other consequences
to follow, other legitimate deductions from the
logic of universal amnesty, not only the pen-
sioning of rebel soldiers, but the payment of
rebels for their property taken by our Array
during the war. 1 ask now. I might ask the
Democratic Senators on this floor, if the Dem-
ocratic party is not now committed iu princi-
ple to the payment of the confederates for
their property taken by our Army for supplies?
Why, sir, we had a bill before the Senate which
was in effect to authorize loyal persons in the
southern States to sue in the Court of Claims.
While that bill was under consideration, the
Senator from California, not now in his seat,
[Mr. Cassert,y,} offered an amendment, to ex-
tend the same right to persons who had been
pardoned by the President, or whose disabili-
ties had been removed or might thereafter
be removed. The principle involved in that
amendment was that in regard to the right
to sue the Government for damages and for
property taken, there should be no difference
between loyal men and those engaged in the
rebellion, aud the Senator from California
proposed to put them on the same level in the
Court of Claims. Upon the principle of univer-
sal amnesty he was logical, and his amendment
received the vote of every Democratic Senator
present.
I ask further, when we propose to pay rebels
for their property taken by our Army during
the war, why we should not pay them for their
slaves?- Could the Senator from California
who offered that amendment, or any one who
voted with himon that occasion, drawadistinc-
tion between paying a rebel for his corn, his
wheat, or any other property taken by our
armies and paying him for Iris slaves? No, f-ir;
the conclusion Would be inevitable ; and I now
make the prediction that if universal amnesty
shall be granted, the next step will be to pen-
sion the rebel soldiers and pat them on a level
with loyal soldiers; the next step will be to
pay rebels for their property taken by our
armies, and put them on a level with loyal
men ; the next step will be to pay for their
slaves; and the next and last step will be to
pay their debt as well as ours, and consolid-
ate the rebel debt along with the debt of the
nation.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. I desire to know of the
Senator from Indiana whether he considers
the fourteenth article of amendment a part of
the Constitution of the United States?
Mr. MORTON. Yes. sir.
Mr. THURMAN. Then, I desire to ask
this further question : how those slaves can be
paid for, how that rebel debt can be paid, or
how any claim that arose from aiding the in-
surrection can be paid while that fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution remains?
Mr. MORTON. I will answer that ques-
tion, and I rather thank the Senator ior pro-
pounding it. I do acknowledge the fourteenth
amendment to be a part of the Constitution
of the United States, but the Democratic party
does not, aud it never has. If there has ever
been a concession by the Democratic party in
the southern Slates that either the fourteenth
or the fifteenth amendment is a part of the
| Constitution of the United States, 1 have never
! heard of it.
Mr. THURMAN. Now, will the Senator
allow me to interrupt him again?
Mr. MORTON. I will yield for a moment.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator assumes,
then, that the Democratic party are to get into
power, and that when they get into power they
are to disregard the fourteenth amendment to
the Constitution. I should like him to say how
soon he expects that that event will happen.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I atn hoping
