1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1419
tion in line twelve hundred and forty, for sta-
tionery, from $9,000 to $7,000, and to increase
the appropriation for plumbing a,nd g"as fix-
tures from $1,000, as it now stands, to $1,450.
When we reach them I propose to disagree to
certain other amendments reported by the com-
mittee, which will make the appropriation in
that paragraph equal to the $9,000. We will
make it up in other items.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations w,as on page 51, line twelve
hundred and forty fi.ve, to reduce the appro;
priation for carpets for the Post Office De-
partment from $3,000 to $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on- page 51, line
twelve hundred and forty-six, to reduee the
appropriation for furniture t'pr the Post Office
Department from $3,500 to $2,000. •'
The amendment was agreed to. :
The next amendment was on page 51, lines
twelve hundred and forty-six and twelve hun-
dred and forty-seven, in the appropriations for
the Post Office Department, to strike out "for
livery, $750; for hardware, $800."
Mr. COLE. We do hot insist on any agree-
ment to this ainendmerit.
Mr. RAMSEY. That is, you withdraw it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on Appropriations waive this amendment in
regard to livery and hardware ; and it will be
regarded as not agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I am very glad that the
committee have agreed to do that.
The next amendment'was on page 51, line
twelve hundred and fifi.y-three, in the appro-
priations for the Post Office Department, after
the words "for one watchman," to insert
"$720;" and in linetwelve hundred and fifty-
five, after the words " for three assistant mes-
sengers," to insert "$2,160."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 52, line
twelve hundred and sixty, to reduce the total
appropriation from "$58,042" to "$50,992."
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest to the Senator
from California whether that result should not
be changed now.
Mr. WEST. I think it should be changed.
Mr. COLE. No, I think we have not
changed the result. The amount is made up
by disagreeing to some other amendments in
the twelve hundred and forty-seventh and
twelve hundred and forty-eighth lines, and by
adding an amendment after the twelve hun-
dred and Tforty-eighth line.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest to the Senator to
have his clerk add up this list of items again.
Mr. WEST. It is right exactly. Two thou-
sand dollars are dropped on the first item, and
two thousand have been left on others.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 52, after
line twelve hundred and seventy-one, in the
appropriations for the War Department, to
insert the following clause:
To enable the Secretary of War to have exam-
ined, and copies furnished from the rebel archives,
from time to time, for the use of the Government,
$6,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next aniGndment was on page 53, line
twelve hundred and eighty-two, to reduce^ the
appropriation for contingent expenses of the
Adjutant General's Office from "$15,000" to
"$10,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 53, line
twelve hundred and ninety-three, to strike out
"one" and insert "nine;" inline twelvehun-
dredand ninety-five to strikeout "twenty-five"
and insert " twelve;" and in line twelve hun-
dred and ninety-six to strike out " $74,680,
and insert " $71,880so as to make the clause
read:
Office of the Paymaster General :
For chief clerk, $2,000; four clerks of class four,
nine clerks of class three, twenty-three clerks of class
two, twelve clerks of class one, and two messengers,
$71,880. .
The amendment was agreed to.
' -Mr. COLE. -In line thirteen hundred and
five, page 54, the committee recommend to
strikeout "six" atid insert " five'," so as to
make the appropriation for contingent expenses
of the offieeof the Commissary General, $5,000.
The'amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 62, line
fifteen hundred and twenty, to increase the
appropriation for the compensation and ex-
penses of the United States and British claims
commission from "$43,000" to " $49,1(50."
Mr. COLE. I will state in reference to that
amendment'that It is required by'what would
seem to have been an oversight on the part of
the House. A.letter from the Secretary'of
State is full on the subject, giving the specific
items for which this appropriation is asked,
and they sum up to the amount recommended
by the Committee on Appropriations, and it
is absolutely necessary. It adds something to
the bill, but only a few thousand dollars.'
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 63, to
strike out section four in the following words:
Sec. 4. That all aots and parts of aots ilimitiijg the
number ol congressional documents to bepnnted ior
the use of any head of Department or public dffico
are hereby repealed.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to amend the
section proposed to be stricken out in the
first line by substituting the word " prescrib-
ing" for the word "limiting." There are no
statutes that I am aware of which limit the
amount of public printing for the Departments
and public officers that do not also prescribe
what shall be printed. The law prescribing
and limiting the amount was reported by me, 1
believe, some years ago, on consultation with
the heads of Departments, and, through them,
the heads of bureaus, giving to each officer
that iramber of his own reports that was thought
proper and judicious. Some ot those num-
bers are now too many and some of thern are
too few. -Therefore the Congressional Printer
is obliged to print some reports that are not
needed, and is prohibited from printing- some
others that are needed, and the heads of De-
partments come here and invariably get-them,
as they ought to do, on satisfying the two
Houses of Congress that they are necessary.
But the whole spirit of this amendment of the
law, which I very heartily appfove, is to make
the heads of Departments responsible for the
amount of printing. They are to estimate for
it, the estimates pass through the Commit-
tees on Appropriations of the two Houses,
passing through the two Houses, and the money
being appropriated directly. That being done,
it is better *to let the heads of Departments
administer it as they see fit, holding them
responsible for it as for all other appropria-
tions. I move, therefore, to strike out the
word "limiting" and insert "prescribing."
Mr. COLE. With a view to retain the sec-
tion ?
Mr. ANTHONY. With a view to retain
the section.
•The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Sawyer
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Rhode Island to
section four.
Mr. STEVENSON. I suggest to the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island that instead of strik-
ing out "limiting," he insert the words " pre-
scribing and;" so as to have it read " prescrib
ing and limiting."
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well, I will so
modify the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment, as modified, is to insert the words " pre-
scribing and" before " limiting." The ques-
tion is on that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. Now I hope the section,
as amended, will remain in the hill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Committee on
Appropriations to Strike out ge'etion four as
amended. > ' •
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think one
of the greatest evils we have now ia the un-
limited power of every. Depaa-tment to erdey
any arncfunt of documents, to "be printed, and
they are ordered ■ not 'only by the.chiefs, but
by almost every subordinate. The head of
every bureau has his report printed in pam-
phlet form and distributed without any restric-
tion, so far as I know. If this is intended to
dpen the door still wider than it is, 1 am opt
posed to the proposition of :tlie;Senator from
Rhode Island ;>and it seems. to -me that the
action of the Committee on Appropriations is
a proper action, and that we ought to follow it.
If there is any limit in;regard to these matters,
I am for continuing it.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 The limit -is upon their
own'reports. The Secretary of the Treasury
may now order (but he. cannot under this
amended law, for he will not have the money)
$50,000 worth of printing; but litj.catiuiot print
over two thousand copies of the report of the
Comptroller of the Currency. Tlj.ere are a few
documents upon which he is limited; but upon
all the other public pointing for his Depart-
ment, which constitutes nine tenths of the
amount that is done in his'Dcp'artmenf, he has
no limit by law. Now, we prdpose to remove
all limit upon th'e printing andthe' mandatory
statutes upon the printing, and' to allow the
head of ea6h Department a cefiain 'sufti" of
money which will be according tti his estimate
'and to thfe agreement of Congress', and hold
him to that,-arid'it is not lawful for the Con-
gressional Printer to exceed the® amount that
is appropriated to that Department. That
makes a sufficient limit—the same limit there
is on all other expenditures.
In fact, the object of this is to place the
public printing under the same supervision
that all other expenditure is. We cannot print
over $500 worth for ourselves without the con-
currence of both Hoilses; but, iluder the law
as it exists, the head of any Department may
print $20,000 worth, the only limitation being
that there are two or threfe things which he
cannot print. It s<3 habpened during the nego-
tiation of the loan it was necessary foi' th'e Sec-
retary of the Treasury to print for circulation
immediately certain 'documents which came
under the limitation, and he could not do
it; but he could have printed any amount of
other documents. The laws which willremain,
if this is stricken out, compel the printing of
certain documents which are not wanted, which
are piled up in the Departments. I think if
we place this appropriation under precisely the
same restrictions that all othei* appropriations
are placed 'under, the same responsibility, the
same accountability, and the same scrutiny,
we shiill accomplish the object of economy.
Mr. COLE. If the Senator from Vermont
will look at the preceding section he will see
that the object and scope of it' is to restrict
and "put under the rule and supervision of the
proper officers the printing in the Government
Printing Office.
"And it shall not be la-wfal for him to cause to be
executed any printing or binding the value whereof
shall exceed the amount appropriated for such pur-
pose."
There is to be an estimate of the amount
that will be probably required, made by each
head of Department, so that there can probably
be no considerable abuse, or in any.event not
half so mucli as is now authorised, under the
law as it will be after this bill passes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations is
going against his own amendment, I shall not
insist upon it.
Mr. COLE. As amended, I am willing that
the section shall remain.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment reported by the committee will ba
