1420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
understood as disagreed to unless a vote is
demanded.
The Secretary continued and concluded the
reading of the bill.
Mr. COLE. On page 7, lines one hundred
and forty-eight, one hundred and forty-nine,
and one hundred and fifty, an amendment was
passed over; Now, on behalf of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, I move a disagreement
to that amendment. I propose to strike out
what is in brackets, and leave that clause as
it catne from the House. I have in my hand
the resolution of the House authorizing the
appointment of a paying teller to the Sergeant-
at-Arms of the House, and this clause of the
bill provides an appropriation for his salary.
I do not wish to interfere with what the House
regard as a necessary officer of that body. The
amendment was passed over and not acted
upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment on the page referred to.
The amendment was rejected.,
Mr. COLE. On page 15, after line three
hundred and forty-four, I propose to insert
the following clause:
And all laws requiring fcjie publication of the laws
and treaties in newspapers are hereby repealed.
Mr. POMEROY. That is an old subject
which has been broached here a great many
times. I believe we modified the law last
year, and I thought tbe committee would be
satisfied with the modification which was then
made, and that was to print only the general
laws in the newspapers. Now the Senator
comes in with an amendment to print nothing.
I think such an amendment as that is of doubt-
ful propriety. We discussed it last year at
considerable length, I do not know but half
a day, and it was then the sense of the Senate
after a long debate that the general laws should
be printed in each of the States in at least two
newspapers. If the committee have any rea-
sons to offer which were not offered then, if
there is any new light which we have not had,
I should be glad to be informed. The matter
has been up three times within my recollec-
tion, at any rate, and after full discussion, and
after the modification thatl have spoken of, it
was agreed with great unanimity here that the
general laws should be printed at least in two
newspapers in each State.
It is a maxim that everybody is supposed to
know the law. Everybody must obey the law.
It is replied here almost every tune this ques-
tion comes up, that the people can find the laws
in the volumes of statutes. They can after
awhile if they can get the statutes; but the peo-
ple who take newspapers, and who read them,
and read the laws there, are not always familiar
with the statute-books j they are not accessi-
ble in that §hape, and yet the people are re-
quired to obey them. If it is a criminal stat-
ute they are supposed to know it, supposed to
know it within twenty-four hours after it goes
into operation ; and yet, if there is no way of
publishing it, if there is 110 way of getting that
information to the people, you are requiring
them to obey a law of which they may be igno-
rant. I do not think the few thousand dollars
that are appropriated year by year to two news-
papers in a State for these publications is a
waste of money by any means.
I do not speak of this because it is any great
object to a newspaper. The pay is so small
that the newspapers generally do not care to
publish the laws; but it is a convenience to
the people that they may have general inform-
ation of what general laws Congress has passed.
Formerly they published all special enactments,
all joint resolutions, and private laws ; but the
law in that respect has beet) amended. I sub-
mit to the Senate that what was agreed 011
in the appropriation bill of last year us a sort
of compromise, acquiesced in by the Senate,
should not now be disturbed.
Mr. MORlilLL, of Vermont. If there is
any useless expenditure in the Government I
regard that it is to be found in this expend-
iture for the publication of the laws in the
newspapers. The Senator from Kansas de-
sires the people to have an early knowledge
of the laws. Why, sir, not five per cent, of
the people of his State take the papers in which
the laws are published, and of these who take
such papers I dare say not five per cent, ever
read the laws. In addition to that, they are
not published in those papers sometimes until
more than a year after Congress adjourns.
Mr. President, there is not a particle of
foundation for this expenditure except for
patronage, and papers that are of any "enter-
prise, pith, or moment," do not any more
desire to have this job than they do the adver-
tising of "vinegar bitters."
I trust that after the Committee on Appro-
priations have seriously attempted a very con-
siderable reform, we shall be permitted to
accomplish it. Formerly, when this was first
inaugurated, we published no pamphlet edition
of the statutes of the United States, but now
we do, and those pamphlet editions are issued
much earlier than the laws can be published in
newspapers, and distributed generally to all the
people who have any real necessity for an early
knowledge of the laws.
Mr. COLE. It would be well that we should
understand the exact position of this matter.
The clause as it now reads is as follows;
For publishing the laws in pamphlet form,
$12,000.
If the amendment proposed is not" adopted
it will be necessary to add to that $12,000 a
further appropriation of $72,000 to pay for
the publication of the laws in the newspapers.
It is the question whether the bill shall be so
amended by adding $72,000, or whether it
shall be amended bydiscontinuingthe publica-
tion of the general laws in the newspapers.
That is the way the proposition presents itself
to the Senate at this time.
Mr. BOREMAN. Does the Senator mean
to say that it requires an appropriation of
$72,000?
Mr. COLE. Seventy-two thousand dollars
in addition to the $12,000 now in the bill will
he necessary to pay for this publication in the
newspapers.
Mr. FOMEROY. That is larger than the
whole appropriation.
Mr. COLE. Certainly; and this publica-
tion, according to the letter which I have from
the Secretary of State, will be continued neces-
sarily under the law unless we adopt this
amendment, and they will come in and ask
for a deficiency at the next session of Con-
gress, or perhaps at this session, in order to
meet these charges, because, as the law now
stands, such publication is lawful, and the Sec
retary of State cannot decline to furuish the
newspapers with the laws as they are pub-
lished trom time to time, and at the end of
the year we shall find ourselves indebted to
the newspapers in the sum of $72,000. It will
be a fair, honest debt under the law as it now
stands, and which we shall have to pay.
Now, the amendment is to avoid this obli
gation, to provide for discontinuing the pub-
lica'ion of the laws in the newspapers. If that
is not adopted, I shall have to move an amend-
ment to the bill providing for an addition of
$72,000 to pay for this service. That is ex-
actly the position which the question now
occupies. ,
Mr. CORBETT. This question has been
discussed heretofore, and I think it has been
frequently decided by the Senate that it was
inexpedient to do away with the publication
of the laws. It is absolutely necessary in the
distant portions of our country that'the people
should know what the laws are. In all the
southern States, in all the western States it is
impossible for the people to know what the
laws are unless they are published in some of
the newspapers. The statement that the laws
are not published iu newspapers which are
read is not true. So far as I know, 111 many
of the States the laws are published in respons-
ible newspapers—newspapers that have a
large circulation in many instances where the
matter has been brought to my notice. The
people of the country think it important that
they should know what the laws are, and I
hope that this small appropriation will not be
stricken out. I think the most important ap-
propriation you can make is one to let the
people know what the laws are, that they may
obey them. Many people keej) files of these
papers to know what the laws are. They are
published on the Pacific coast, in my State,
which is one of the most distant States, a long
time before the laws in pamphlet form are
published, and it is the only way in which the
people know what the laws are.
I know that the laws are published in the
newspapers and paid for a long time before
the publication in pamphlet form, and I think
that it is better to do away with publishing
the laws in pamphlet form rather than do
away with the publication of the laws in the
newspapers. I am certainly opposed to this
amendment of the committee ; i hope it will
not be agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I listened to the remarks
of the Senator from Vermont. I had heard
them before.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. They were
in reply to a speech which I had heard several
times before.
Mr. POMEROY. It was a sort of ante-
diluvian speech that was made before the
flood. There was a time many years ago,
I know very well, when the laws were not
printed in>the newspapers as fast as they were
enacted. But that has passed away. That
was the time when we printed all the laws
in full, everything that was contained in them,
preambles, private bills, and all; but now, hav-
ing changed the law, the Senator uses the old
argument. Having modified it essentially, he
goes back to the old reasons which begot the
modification, and not reasons that apply now.
The principle that underlies this is worth
more than the appropriation itself, the princi-
ple that has obtained in our Government since
the beginning and obtain in all civilized Gov-
ernment, and it is that the people know the
law, that the people are responsible for a
breach of the law, and the people's access to
information of this kind is through the papers.
They do not have ac.cess to libraries, espe-
cially in t e remote States. They have not
lawyers and libraries to consult; and if they
had they would be likely to break .the law a
hundred times before it got into a library. I
want the people to have access to every new-
statute. It ought to be 011 their tables and
read every morning. If we make a new law
it is the first thing they should have theiratten-
tion called to, for it affects the people, and
not put your laws up in a library'and lock
them up, and then require the people to obey
them whether they have ever seen them or
heard of them or not. It is against the genius
of the institutions of this country.
We do not carry on Government in that
way. We hold every person, no matter how
illiterate he may be, no matter in what lan-
guage he may speak, 110 matter if he has not
been in this country a year, amenable to the
law; we enforce upon him its penalties; and
now we propose to lock the law up and keep
it away from the people by putting it into
books. It is against the policy that has been
pursued from the foundation of the Govern-
ment, which is to put the law'where the peo-
ple can have ready access to it at once. Since
we have published only the general laws, the
newspapers that publish the statutes as thay
are enacted from time to time keep up with
the enactment. I have had occasion to look
lately to see in reference to several of the
States whose newspapers come here to Wash-
ington how far they are behind, and it is
astonishing to see that the laws which have
