4108
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
appeal to the Senate once more. I hope my
friend from California, [Mr. Cole] will not
takeoff his spectacles just yet. [Laughter.]
I know very well that I am confronted here by
the steamboat bill and by the omnibus appro-
priation bill; and yet with these terrors before
me I am obliged to ask that some time be set
aside. I am very indifferent as to what the
time is, provided it is before the adjournment
of this Congress. I prefer it should be before
that event takes place. I will take thia even-
ing, I will take to-morrow, as it shall suit the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
will indicate the time he desires, the Chair will
ask unanimous consent.
Mr. COLE. May I interrupt my friend from
Wisconsin just a moment to remind him of a
fact which I recollect very well, and which I
suppose has escaped bis recollection entirely:
that the Committee on Claims about a week
or two ago had a day, and ran through with
A their bills on the Calendar at that time;
and now I suppose the design is to reach a
new batch which have been hatched since
those were disposed of. I do not think that
committee has been treated with much disre-
spect in respect of being allowed time to con-
sider its measures.
Mr. HOWE. I beg myfriend not to under-
stand that the committee complains of any
disrespect or any want of respect, unless it is
exhibited in putting us on to this work at all.
If it be the determination of the Senate not to
hear these matters, nobody can acquiesce in
that decision with any more philosophy than
I can. It is true that once 
Mr. BOREMAN. I would suggest to the
Senator from Wisconsin that he ask the Sen-
ate to set apart to-morrow evening.
Mr. EDMUNDS, and Mr. HAMILTON of
Maryland. We cannot give any evening.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Michigan, to proceed to the consideration of
the conference report on the steamboat bill.
Mr. HOWE. Then allow me to say one
word. If the Senate will not, by unanimous
consent, assign me a time, then I will antago-
nize the rights of these claimants with what-
ever else comes up, and take the sense of the
Senate in that way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Chair will
etate to the Senator from Wisconsin that he
can antagonize now the question of taking up
the conference report 011 the steamboat bill,
but at one o'clock, when the appropriation
bill comes up, he can move to lay it on the
table lor the purpose of taking up the bills he
has referred to.
Mr. HOWE. I will wait until one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDEN f. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Wisconsin,
to proceed to the consideration of the confer-
ence report on the steamboat bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask for the yeas and
nays on taking that up.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. This is simply a motion
to take it up, without any understanding that
if it be taken up it shall be continued beyond
one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
to take up the conference report.
The question being taken by yeas and
resulted—yeas 31, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Blair. Boreman,
Buckingham, Caldwell. Cameron, Chandler, Cooper,
Perry of Michigan, Flanagan, Hamilton of Texas,
Harlan, Howe, Kellogg, Kelly, Lewi?, Morton, Os-
born, Pool, Pratt, Ransom, Rice, S&ulsbury, Schurz,
Scott, Sherman, Sprague, Stockton, Wilson, and
W right—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cole, Conkling,
Perry of Connecticut. Frelinghuysen, G-ilbert, Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Hill, Morrill of Vermont, Nor-
wood, Nye, Pomeroy, Stewart, Trumbull, Vickers,
West, and Windom—18,
ABSENT—Messrs.Brownlow, Carpenter, Casserly,
Clayton, Corbett, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Davis
ot West Virginia, Edmunds, Fenton, Goldthwaite,
Hamlin, Hitchcock, Johnston, Logan, Morrill of
Maine, Patterson, ltamsey, Robertson, Sawyer,
Spencer, Stevenson, Sumner, Thurman, and Tip-
ton—25.
So the motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the conference report.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I wish to repeat the
suggestion which was made by the Senator
from Maine. As to the details of this bill I
am rather indifferent; but the people I repre-
sent are very anxious to have the general fea-
tures of the bill passed. As I cannot serve on
the committee of conference on this bill, hav-
ing other duties to perform, I suggest that this
matter be referred to a new committee of con-
ference, that they have opportunity to examine
the new papers. In the.hands of a committee
of conference they can be examined much
more carefully than here in the Senate. The
body of this bill nobody objects to, and my
people are very anxious to have it passed. On
particular points of dispute there is a dis-
agreement. I move, therefore, that the Sen-
ate disagree to the report of the committee of
conference and ask for another conference.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope not. If there
is to be another committee of conference, I
hope the Senator will act as chairman of that
committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot do it myself.
The Chair, no doubt, upon consultation can
select a satisfactory committee of conference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that if there is a new committee he will
consult the chairman of the committee as to
the points of difference between the two Houses,
so that the committee shall represent the Sen-
ate. Further than that he cannot state. The
question now is on the motion of the Senator
trom Ohio, that the Senate disagree to this
report and ask for a new conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
Mr. CHAN DLER. 1 hope that motion will
not prevail. I trust the Senate will concur in
the report of the committee of conference.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should hope so, too,
if it would not take so much time.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to concur.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
concur has priority of the motion to non-con-
cur, as that motion, if adopted, brings the two
Houses together.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senate ought to
understand something of the history of the
bill before voting on either of these motions,
^nd therefore I call attention to two or three
facts, not meaning now to enter upon its
merits.
The bill, as has been stated, was for some
time before the Committee on Commerce of
the House. I cannot speak, of course, if I
knew, ot the proceedings there. It came
to the Senate and was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, finding that committee bur-
dened with a great accumulation of business.
The bill, which was very voluminous and
complex, was referred to a sub-committee, as
I suppose I may state without impropriety—I
believe the fact has been alluded to before—
consisting of the Senator from Oregon [Mr.
CorbettJ and the Senator from Maryland,
[Mr. Viokers.] The bill was referred to this
sub-committee, not to examine and report
back to the Committee on Commerce, but to
report to the Senate. The two Senators to
whom I have referred had the bill in charge,
not to report back to the Committee on Com-
merce, but to report to the Senate with any
amendments thought needful. I may not dis-
close what occurred in committee. 1 suppose
I may say, however, that the bill and amend-
ments never were considered in the Committee
on Commerce before or after being examined
by this sub-committee, but came directly from
those two Senators to the Senate.
There has been a great deal of feeling about
this bill; there are many persons interested
in having in acted upon, and I think no Sen-
ator has been more pressed than I to relinquish
all opposition to it. It has been said, and echoed
about this Chamber, " Oh, no, the bill does not
protect life; but it protects life a good deal
better than it does patent-rights." My triend
from Indiana [Mr. Morton] smiles. I think
he has heard of this. If the bill shall be con-
sidered it will be my duty to show the Senate
how far the things to which the Treasury De-
partment has called attention have any refer-
ence to patent-rights. We all understand^ the
object of talk about " patent rights." It is to
give a black eye to opposition of the bill in
advance, and have it understood that persons
interested in patents, and nobody else, have
prompted Senators to object to the bill. I
promise, if no objections to it be found except
such as concern patent-rights or patent con-
trivances, nobody will be detained by me.
The Treasury Department, in a letter which
I have before me in priut, reviewed this bill
and called attention to what were deemed
grave omissions and objections to it. The
two- Senators to whom I have referred, acting
as a sub-committee, reported to the Senate
amendments heeding these suggestions of the
Treasury Department. The bill was read in
the Senate during an evening—read formally.
Senators who were here will remember how it
was done. It was read formally in the absence
of a quorum. There was no consideration, I
believe, and no debate. Afteward, in the
morning hour, the honorable Senator from
Michigan, in order to expedite it, asked per-
mission to take a vote in whole upon the bill
and amendments and refer all to a committee
of conference, and the vote was taken in a
moment, no other action ever being had upon
the amendments. Am I not right in this, I
ask my friend?
Mr. CHANDLER. They were sent to a
conference committee.
Mr. CONKLING. All voted upon in bulk
in a moment. These amendments thus re-
ported by the two Senators, acted on by the
Senate, went to a committee of conference,
never having been considered in any other
way in the Senate. Now the bill comes back
to us, the Senate having receded, I think it
will turn out, from nearly all the most im-
portant amendments suggested by the Treasury
Department and reported by the sub-commit-
tee to the Senate. The managers on the part
of the House obtained a report which aban-
dons and recedes from the most vital pro-
visions to which the Treasury Department has
called attention, speaking in the interest of
human life.
It will not do to talk about " patent-rights"
in order to get the bill through in bulk with-
out anybody knowing what it contains. On
the contrary, every Senator will admit that it
is the duty of all Senators whose attention has
been brought to these matters to see to it that
it is not owing to any delinquency of theirs
that the Senate shall not understand what it
is about to do.
The conference committee on the part of
the Senate consisted of the honorable Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Chandler,] the honor-
able Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Blair,] and
the honorable Senator from Oregou, [Mr.
Corbett,] the latter being one of the two
Senators, who, as I said before, as a sub-com-
mittee of the Committee on Commerce, had
examined and reported the amendments to the
bill. That Senator refused to sign this con-
ference report. The honorable Senator from
Maryland, who bestowed a great deal of time
upon the bill, and understands it, I doubt not,
much better than I, will speak for himself
when he comes to declare whether in his
judgment it is wise or safe for the Senate to
give to those who employ steam on water such
provisions as are found here.. I venture to say
that the honorable Senator from Maryland,
like the Senator from Oregon, will tell the
Senate that they put in the bill those safeguards
which they deemed indispensable, and that the
most important of tliem, nearly all, have dis-
appeared in the conference.
