1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2311
The Clerk read the following section:
Seo. 2. That the Director of the Mint shall have
the general supervision of all mints and assay offices,
and shall make an annual report to the Secretary
of the Treasury of their operations at the close of
each fiscal year, and from time to time such addi-
tional reports sotting forth the operations and con-
dition of such institutions as the Secretary of the
Treasury shall require, and shall lay belore him the
annual estimates for their support. And the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall appoint the number of
clerks, classified according to law, necessary to dis-
charge the duties of said bureau.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to
strike out this section for the purpose of re-
plying briefly to the remarks of the two gen-
tlemen fiom Pennsylvania, the one on my right
[Mr. Kelley] and the other on my left, [Mr.
Randall.] They think the gentlemen trom
New York are in opposition to this bill be-
cause tliey want the Mint there. VV"e do not
want any Mint there.
Mr. RANDALL. Why, sir, you have been
struggling for twenty years to get the Mint
away from Philadelphia.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York- Mr. Speaker,
Wall street and that pari of New York is now
in heaven, and always will be so long as rags
are the currency of this Government, We
make millions of dollars out of rags, and shall
continue to make millions of dollars out of
rags until Congress orders a resumption of
specie payments. If any body makes $100,000
a year out of bullion, as the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kblley] asserts, there are
others, paper-muney men, bankersandbrokers,
the contrivers and architects of exchange of
all sorts and kinds, who make thousands and
tens of thousands and hundreds of thousands
of dollars upon the existing state of things.
I make these remarks simply in reply to the
insinuation that the opposition to this measure
is hostility on the part of New York to Phila-
delphia. We have no such hostility whatever.
We embrace Philadelphia as in close con-
tiguity to us. Ours is an Olympian position,,
one from which, like the fabled Jupiter of old,
we.look down on all the surrounding commun-
ities, and with perfect confidence in our own
power and position, with no envy of the little
surrounding cities, or of the surrounding cities,
be they little or great. [Laughter.]
I repeat, air, I will take no lurtherpart, than
is necessaryin this comic performance.
Mr. RANDALL. In reply to what has fallen
from my distinguished friend from New York,
1 can only say that during the short time I
have been in public life i have always ad-
mired the energy and have always gloried in
the success of New York. I have always been
ready to extend every help that would make
her prosperous and happy, and I would make
her the leading city, if X could, in the world.
But, sir, I remember, when a boy, hearing of
this feeling of New York against Philadelphia,
and I thought of the meanness of such peo-
ple engaged in building up a commercial city to
be picking away at a neighbor who had always
been her iriend, those at least of liberal minds,
like mine, as I hope it is—picking, picking at
us to cany away our last vestige of Govern-
ment patronage.
As to the resumption of specie payments, I
do not believe for an instant that it will be
facilitated by this bill, nor do I believe that
the bill will retard a return to specie payments.
In my opinion specie payments are not re-
sumed because the doctors disagree as to the
medicine to be applied to the patient. I hope
the doctors wili agree after the presidential
election shall have passed, and after a fear of
the great national banking system shall have
departed from the minds of the politicians
of the country. Specie payments are not
resumed, sir. because our national banks put,
in their mighty hand here and elsewhere and
corrupt the minds of the people. They do not
want to pay their notes, of course, as long as
they can help it, and that is the reason why
specie payments are not resumed. They are
the practical opponents of the resumption of
specie payments.
Now. I will go with the gentleman from
New York for a resumption of specie pay-
ments whenever he is ready ; but the idea of
his getting up here and describing, as he does,
our currency as rags, I tell him is beneath his
intellect, beneath his position iu this House.
It is beneath his Americanism. Sir, our green-
backs are not rags. I am in favor of this bill,
after an examination of its provisions, because
I believe the former Mint laws were confused,
and I believe that this codification of the laws
will make them plain and the execution sim-
ple. I neither partake in the nickel interest,
which has been alluded to, nor m the interests
of the constituent of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Potter] which have been referred
to. And J believe that the objections ex-
pressed upon a former occasion against this
bill have been remedied in every particular
save one, and that, is that it creates a single
new office. I hope, therefore, that we shall
not be led into a couflict between New York
and Philadelphia.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken upon the mo-
tion to strike out section two of the bill; and
it was not agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
Seo. 3. That the officers of each mint shall be a
superintendent, an assayer, a melter and refiner,
and a coiner, and fortbeMintatPhiladetphiaan en-
graver, all to be appointed by the President of tho
United States, by and with the advice and consent
ot tho Senate.
Sue. I. That the superintendent of cach mint
shall have the control thereof, the superintendence
of the officers and persons employed therein, and the
supervision of tho busmen thereof, subject to ilio
approval of the Director of the iiuit, to whom he
snail make reports at such times and according to
such forms as the Director of the Mint may prescribe,
which shall exhibit in detail, and under appropriate
heads, the deposits ot bullion, tho amount of gold,
silver, and minor coinage, and the amount ol un-
parted, standard, and relined bars issued, and such
other statistics and information as may be required.'
Xtio superintendent of each nuntshall also receive
and safely keep, until legally withdrawn, all moneys
or bullion which shall be forthe use orthe expenses
of the mint; he shall receive all bullion brought
to tho mint for assay or coinage; shall be the
keeper of all bullion or com in the mint except
while the same is legally iu tho hands of other om-
cers, and shall deliver all coins struck at tho mint to
the persons to whom they shall be legally payable,
f rom tho report of the assayer and tho weight of
the bullion, lie shall compute the whole amount of
each deposit, and also the amount of the charges
or deductions, if any, of all which he shall give a
detailed memorandum to t'ie depositor; and he
shall also give at the same time, under his hand, a
certificate of the net amount of the deposit, to be
paid in coins or bars of tho same species of bul-
lion as that deposited, the correctness of which
certificate shall be verified by the assayer, who
shall countersign the suine; and in all cases of
transfer of coin or bullion, he shall give and
receive vouchers stating the amount and char-
acter of such coin or bullion. Ho shall keep and
render, quarter-yearly, to the Director ol tne Mint,
for the purpose of adjustment, according to such
forms as may be prescribed by the Secretary ol tho
Treasury, regular and faithful accounts of his trans-
actions with tile other othcers of the Mint and tlie
depositors; and shall also render to him a monthly
statement of the ordinary expenses of the mint or
assay office under hischargo. Ho shall also appoint
all assistants, clerks, (one uf whom shall bo desig-
nated " chief clerk/'; and workmen employed uuder
his superintendence; but no person shall be ap-
pointed to employment in the oiiioes of tho assayer,
melter and refiner, coiner, or engraver, except on
the recommendation and nomination in writing of
those officers respectively; and he sliall forthwith
report to the Director of the Mint the names of all
persons appointed by him, tbe duiies to be per-
formed, tne rate of compensation, the appropriation
from which compensation is to be made, and the
grounds of the appointment; and if the Director
of the Mint shall disapprove of the same, the ap-
pointment shall bo vacated.
Mr. LYNCH. I move that the House now
adjourn.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I hope
not. Let us go on a little longer with this bill.
Mr. LYNCH. I will withdraw the motion.
The Cierk read the following:
Sec. 6. That the assa.y'er shall assay all metals and
bullion,whenever such assays are required ill the
operation^ ol the Mint; he shall also make assays
of coius whenever required by the superintendent.
Sec. I). 1'hat the inciter and refiner shall exocute
all the operations whieh are neoepaary in order to
form ingots of standard silver or gold, and alloys far
minor coinage,suitablefor the coiner, from tho met-
als legally delivered to him for that purpose; and
shall also execute all the operations which are
necessary in order to form bars conformable in all
respects to the law, from the gold and silver bullion
delivered to him for that purpose. He shall keep a
carcful record of all transactions with the superin-
tendent, noting the weight and character of the bul-
lion; and shall be responsible for all bullion deliv-
ered to him, until the same is returned to the super-
intendent and the proper vouchers obtained.
Sec. 7. That the coiner sliall execute all the oper-
ations which are necessary in order to form coins,
oonformable in all respeets to the law, from the
standard gold and silver ignofs and alloys for minor
coinage, legally delivered to him fur that purpose;
and shall be responsible for all btmion delivered to
him until the same is returned to the superintendent
and the proper vono tiers obtained.
Mr. SPEEll, of Georgia. I move that the
House now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accord-
ingly (at four o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under tbe rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARCHER: The petition of B. V.
Richardson, of Maryland, for relief.
By Mr. ELY: The petition of the Irving
Savings Institution, of New York, for a repeal
of the tax on deposits.
By Mr, FOSTER, of Michigan : The petition
of A. P. Hunter and 140 others, citizens of
Kent county, Michigan, asking the passage of
House bill No. 1738.
By Mr. KINSELLA: The remonstrance of
citizens ol Kings county and of Queens county,
New York, against the reduction of duties ou
earthenware and stoneware.
By Mr. PACKARD: The petition of Alfred
Pry, of Lake county, Indiana, and many others,
late soldiers in the volunteer army, for the pas-
sage of House bill No. 1T38, providing for
increase of pension to soldiers totally disabled.
By Mr. SHERWOOD: The petition of
Michael Dunn and 26 others, asking the pas-
sage of House bill No. 1738.
Also, the petition of Daniel Fullen and 42
others, citizens of Potter county, Pennsyl-
vania, asking the passage of House bill No.
1738.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia: Thepetition of H.
B. Holliday, of Lowndes county, Georgia,
asking the removal of his political disabilities.
By Mr. STEVENSON: The petition of
Morris Vanzant and others, soldiers of the late
war for the Union, praying equalization of
bounties and amendment of the homestead
laws.
By Mr. STRONG: The remonstrance of
Edward Miller & Co., of Meriden, Connecti-
cut, against the petition of Herman W. Ilayden
for extension of patent, &c.
post route bills introduced.
The following were introduced undsr the
rule, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads :
By Mr. WALDEN : A bill for a post route
from Chillicothe, Iowa, to Munterville.
By Mr. WHITTHORNE : A bill to estab-
lish certain post routes iu Lawrence county,
Tennessee.
IN SENATE.
Wbdmsdat, April 30, 1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. *T. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of the proceedings of yesterday
was read and approved.
HOUSE BILLS ItEFEIUtED.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
now present for reference bills from the House
of Representatives.
i The Chief Clerk read tho title of the bill
