1422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
Mr. POMEJROY. . Is this passed over?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection the amendment will .be passed
over until. w§ "come into the Senate. The
Chair-hears tip qbjection.
Mr*.. MORRILL, of...Vermont. I offer an
amendment from the. Committee on Public
Buildiugs and -Grounds. I desire to say to
the Senate ,that this is the same proposition
that has passed time and again, yearafter year,
for the addition of the two squares of ground
on the east side of the Capitol. It seems that
the Senate has been unanimously of the opin-
ion that it was good eeonomy to t£jkg- these
two squares, for years, and I, should not pro-
pose the amendment again only that I'under-
stand* there is a prospect that the other House
will now assent to the proposition. Therefore
I trust it will pass as usual.
The PRESIDING Q.FFICER. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, wjiieh
was to insert the following additional sections:
Sf.'c. •—. That the public grounds surrounding the
Capitol shall bo enlarged (according to the plan
approved by the Committees on Public Buildings of
the Senate and House of Representative^, lespeot-
ively, which plan is horebydrrectM to be deposited
in the custody of the Secretary of the Interior) by
extension' between First street east and First street
west, in the following manner: northwardly to the
south side-of North B street and southwardly to the
north sido or' South IS street, including, in addition
to so inucii of tho reservations, avenues, and streets
as are necessary for such extension, the two squares
designated 011 the plan of tho city of Washington as
numbers six hundred and eighty -seven and six hun-
dred and eighty-eight, respectively.
Sf.c. —. Unit it shall be tho duty of the Secretary
of the Interior to purchase Iroin tile owner or owners
thereof, at such price, not exceeding its actual cash
value, as may bo mutually agreed on hotween the
Secretary and such owner or owners, and not exceed-
ing the appraisal made by tho commission of nine in
thoir report to liobcrt Ould, United States district
attorney lor (ho District of Columbia, on the 21st
day of January, 18(il, such private property as may
be necessary lor carrying this act into efleet,'llie
value of the property so purchased to be paid to the
owner or own erf thereof out of any money in tilo
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, on tho requi-
sition ol said Secretary: Provided, That botbro such
payment shall bo.made, the owner or ownors of the
property purchased shall, by good and sufficient
deed or deeds, in due form of law, and approved by
the Attorney General of the United States, fully
release and convey to tho United States all their
and each of their sovoral and respective rights iu
said titles to luell binds and property so purchased.
Sue. —. That if the Secretary ot the Intel lor shall
not be ablo to agreo with the own or or owners of
any private property needed lor the purposes of
this act upon the price to be paid therefor, or if tor
any other eauso he shall bo unable to obtain the
title to any such property by mutual agreement with
tho owner or owners thereof, it shall be his duty to
make application to the supreme court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which court is hereby authorized
and required, upon such application, in such mode
and under such rules and regulations as it may adopt,
to make a just and equitable appraisemont of tho
cash valueoi tliosovoral interests'of each and every
owner of tho real estate and improvements thereon
necessary to be taken for (ho public use in accoid-
ance with the provisions of this act, and to winch
tho Secretary has been unable to obtain the title by
mutual agreement with the ovvnes or ownors thereof.
Sko. —That tho fee-simple of all premises so
appiopriatod for public use, of which an appraise-
ment shall have been luado under the order and
direction of sai,d court shall, upon payment to the
owner or owners, respectively, of the appraised
value, or in case the said owner or owners refuse or
neglect for fifteen days after fcho appraisement of
the cash value of said lands and improvements by
said court, to demand the "same from tho Secretary
of the Interior, upon depositing the said appraised
value iu the said, court to the credit of sucn owner
or owners, respectively, be vested in the .United
States. And the Secretary of the Interior is hereby
authorized and required to pay to the several owner
or owners, respectively, the appraised value of the
sevei al piemisesyts specilied in the appraisement of
said court, or pay into court by deposit, as herein-
before provided,-the said appraised values; and the
sum necessary for sueh purpose is hereby appropri-
ated out of any moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
Sue. —. That said court may direct the time and
manner in which possession of the property con-
demned shall bo taken or delivered, and may, if
necessary, enforce any order or issue any process for
giving possession. The costs occasioned by the in-
quiry and assessment shall be paid by the United
States ; and as to other costs which may arise, they
shall be charged or taxed as the court may direct.
Skc. —. That no delay in making an assessment
of compensation, or in taking possession, shall bo
occasioned by any doubt which may arise as to the
ownership of the property, or any part thereof, or as
to the interests of the respective ownors, but in sueh
cases the court shall require a deposit of the money
allowed as compensation for the whole property or
the part in dispute. In all cases, as soon as the Uni-
ted States shall havepaid the compensation assessed,
or secured its payment, by a depositof money, under
the order of the court, possession of the property
may be, taken, • . •
Sf,c. —. That the Washington and Georgetown
Railroad Company and the Metropolitan Railroad
Company be, and they are hereby, reauired to re-
move their tracks, respectively, from tho .Capitol
grounds, as hereby established, and run the same as
they may be directed, from time to time, by tho offi-
cer in charge of the public buildings and grounds,
as the grading and filling up. of. said grounds may
render necessary.
■Mr. COLB. -I would ask the chairman of the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
of which committee I happen myself to be a
member, whether he has any assurance that
the appraisement made in 1861 will be suffi-
cient for carrying out the object of this propo-
sition. The first section of the amendment
speaks of an appraisement made by a1 com-
mission in a report to Robert Ould, United
States attorney for the District of Columbia,
oil the 21st day of December, 1861. The
question comes up in my mind whether that
method of getting at the value of the property
is adequate at-this time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
will see that there is another alternative : that
if it cannot be accomplished in that way, the
grounds are to be condemned by order of the
court, as usual. It is only put as an alternative.
Mr. COLB. I would rather this should
come up as a separate-measure. Being of the
Committee ou Public Buildings and Grounds,
I am in favor of the measure ; I hardly dare
oppose it iu any form in which it is presented ;
but as it. is legislation as well as asking an
appropriation, I would rather it should be con-
sidered as an independent measure. That is
all I have to say on the subject.
. Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The only
practical mode of getting any action on this
subject is by putting it oil the appropriation
bill. I hope, therefore, it will be agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the adoption of the amendment of
the Senator from Vermont.
The amendment,'was agreed to.
Mr. WEST. The Committee on Appro-
priations, in lines two hundred and ninety-five
and two hundred and ninety-six, on page 13,
and lines three hundred and seven and three
hundred and eight, on the same page, equal-
ized the payment of watchmen in the various
squares of the city, upon the presumption that
watching in one square was no more laborious
than was watching in any other square, and they
were so equalized for the purpose of eliciting
information ou this point. I have permission
of the chairman to state, as the subject was
referred to myself, that we have ascertained
that the duties of the watchmen in Franklin
square and Lafayette square are much more
laborious than those of the other squares, that
they have to sweep out the premises, &e.
Although it is a very small matter, we may be
doing injustice to worthy men. I move, there-
fore, that the Senate recede from the amend-
ment heretofore adopted, reducing the com-
pensation allowed to the watchman in Frank-
lin square, in lines two hundred and ninety-five
and two hundred and ninety-six, from $720
to $540.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Louisiana moves to reconsider the
vote adopting the amendment referred to as
to Franklin square.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment.
Mr. WEST. Now I hope the amendment
reducing the amount will be disagreed to.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WEST. I make a like motion, to recon-
sider the action of the Senate on lines three
hundred and seven and three hundred and
eight, reducing the appropriation for the
watchman at Lafayette square from $720 to
$540.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Much the easiest way
would be when we come into the Senate to
disagree to the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. One has been done: let
the other be done.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection.
. Mr. WEST. I move to reconsider the vote
agreeing to the amendment on lines three hun-
dred and seven and three hundred and eight.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now ts on concurrence in the amendment
reported to that line.
Mr. STEVENSON. I cannot hear what is
the motion of the Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. WEST. The Committee on Appropri-
ations agreed to equalize the compensation of
the various watchmen in the different squares
throughout the city; but we find, on further
inquiry) that their duties are not uniform : that
is, 'that the watchmen in some squares are
obliged to perforin greater duties than watch-
men in others, and the proposition is now to
compensate them in accordance with the
amount of dutv they perform.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment reported
by the committee.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SPENCER. I move the following
amendment: on page 32, after the word "dol-
lars," in line seven hundred and seventy-nine,
to insert:
Office of depositary at Tucson, Arizona : For de-
positary, (in addition to his pay as postmaster,) SI,500.
I wish to say in reference to this amend-
ment that it is recommended by the Secretary
of the Treasury. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations has a letter from the
Secretary on that subject, recommending the
amendment. It was a mistake, I suppose, on
the part of the committee that it was not. put
in the bill originally. I ask the chairman to
send the letter to the desk.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I should
like to know the line and page of the pro-
posed amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Page 32, at
the end of line seven hundred and seventy-
nine.
Mr. COLE. I have a communication which
the committee received from the Treasury
Department, signed by the Secretary of the
Treasury, in which he says ;
" I also desire that the sum of SI,500 be appropri-
ated for compensation of tho depositary at Tucson,
Arizona Territory, in addition to his pay as post-
master, for the fiscal year 1873."
This letter was brought to the attention of
the committee in session, and I believe they
disagreed to it. My information is that it is the
customary appropriation, that the person hold-
ing the office of postmaster is also made by
law depositary of public moneys at that place,
which increases his responsibility very consid-
erably, and that he sometimes has in his hands
as such depositary sums varying from seventy
thousand to one hundred thousand dollars, for
which, I believe, he has to give bond. I state
these facts to the Senate in order that they may
understand the case as it is. This appropria-
tion, I think, has been made heretofore.
Mr. SPENCER. It never has been in this
Territory, but it has been made in all the
other Territories.
Mr. COLE. Then I was under a misap-
prehension in regard to its having been done
heretofore.
Mr. SPENCER. This officer is receiver
of all public moneys in Arizona. It is the
custom in all other Territories to pay for such
service. The salary of this officer as post-
master is only $600. This addition will make
but a small salary, considering the amount of
