4T4
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 30,
Ho. of Reps.
Ku Klux Outrages—Mr. Cobwrn.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
The statements I make are prepared care-
fully from the public documents of those States,
and I think are reliable beyond question.
Let us now see what the debts and liabilities
of these States were at the close of the war in
1865. They were in the aggregate $156,436,-
000 for all the recognized debts and contingent
liabilities; the prospective liabilities were
$17,000,705, making in all $174,141,000. At
present the aggregate of these debts is $227,-
121,000, with prospective and contingent lia-
bilities amounting to $78,738,000, making in
all $305,859,000. A very great portion of the
prospective and contingent liabilities of these
States is for aid to railroads, levees, and other
works of public improvement. Texas has in-
curred such an indebtedness in the sum of
$11,500,000. Here, while the Republicans
were divided as to voting these subsidies, and
a Republican Governor vetoed the bill grant-
ing $6,000,000 to the Southern Pacific, thirty
out of thirty-three Democrats voted for it and
carried the measure over his veto.
In Louisiana a large sum has been granted
by the Legislature in aid of railroad compa-
nies and for the building of levees. Twelve
million two hundred and forty-five thousand
dollars of what is called the debt is in aid of
internal improvements, and not a bond has
yet been issued. Eight million dollars of debt,
for which bonds are outstanding, have been
granted for levees, and $6,770,000 more of
this class of indebtedness is voted for aid to
railroads. These measures have not been car-
ried through by party votes, or opposed by
party votes. Some of them were passed by
a suspension of the rules requiring a three-
fourths vote ; some were carried over the veto
of a Republican Governor. Both parties have
been reckless and extravagant in using the
credit of the State for the purposes named.
In Arkansas the State has become indebt-
ed for railroads and levees in the sum of
$6,512,000, for which bonds have been issued,
and is prospectively liable for additional aid
to railroads in the sum of $7,877,000. The
question of granting aid to railroads was sub-
mitted to a popular vote, for which a majority
of twenty-eight thousand two hundred was
given in the State. The parties did not array
themselves on this question ; large numbers
on both sides favored the measure.
In Mississippi there has been no great in-
crease of the public debt.
In Alabama, as in Texas, Louisiana, and
Arkansas, the debt was greatly increased by
aid to railroad companies, and amounted for
contingent and prospective indebtedness to
$29,620,000. Special acts granted to railroad
companies $6,000,000, and a general act gave
$1(3,000 a mile to all railroads that would have
twenty miles completed before the 1st day of
November, 1871. The bonds are to be issued
as the work is completed. Several companies
have availed themselves of this provision and
are constructing roads, which makes the pros-
pective liability avery considerable sum, esti-
mated at $14,200,000.
Bonds have been issued on constructed roads
in the amount of $15,420,000. The Legisla-
ture of 1867 passed the acts involving the
State in the sum of $17,700,000 of this debt.
In this Legislature the Democrats had the
majority. In subsequent Legislatures the Re-
publicans had the majority, but in no case was
the grant made by a party vote. The State
has a first hen on seventeen hundred miles of
railroad to secure the bonds guarantied by her,
and will have a lien on all roads founded on
the prospective indebtedness.
In Georgia the debt, as in other States, was
increased by aid to railroad companies. The
contingent liabilities for railroads for bonds
indorsed are $7,083,000:
" The treasurer of State, Mr Augier, estimates
the full amount of railroad liabilities incurred since
reconstruction, including allthe aid to which all the
roads may be entitled to if all are completed, at
$30,000,000, and the length of lines at two thousand
miles, which would make $22,916,000 of prospective
liabilities. The State reserves the first lien, with
power to seize and sell the road on failure to pay
interest or principal. The aid is granted on com-
pleted sections of twenty miles, but in no case to
exceed one half of the actual cost of the road in-
vested by the company."
This makes an ample security. The greater
part of this so called debt is no debt, is pro-
spective, and the liability may never be incur-
red, or ihe law may be repealed. The acts
authorizing these indorsements of railroad
bonds were not passed by parties as political
measures, both sustaining them. Every Dem-
ocrat in the Legislature voted for these meas-
ures besides, the State is secured amply by
the property. Three million dollars ot the
State debt was incurred for repairs to the
Western Atlantic railroad, which was State
property, for the restoration and repairs ne-
cessary in consequence of the wear and tear
during the war.
In Florida the debt, contingent and prospec-
tive, has been largely increased by aid given
to railroads. Bonds to the amount of $4,000,-
000 have been issued by the State in exchange
for the same amount of bonds of a railroad
company bearing the same date and rate of
interest. The Governor, on the 4th of Jan-
uary, 1872, says that "the securities held by
the State can at any time be converted for
sufficient to redeem the State bonds. The
interest has been paid regularly up to and in-
cluding January, 1872." The committee on
affairs in the late insurrectionary States report
that if all the railroads to which aid has been
extended in the State are constructed, and the
companies comply with the terms of the laws
so as to receive the full amount of the bonds
to which they will be entitled, the whole
amount will be about fourteen million dollars,
all secured on roads to cost about double that
sum. These laws providing for the issue of
bonds to aid the construction of railroads may
all be repealed before they are issued, and the
debt of course never incurred. This is the
greater part of the $15,763,000 of debt of
which my colleague so loudly complains. He
complains of possibilities and treats them
as facts; he borrows trouble by the million
dollars' worth. I protest that he shall not
charge it up against the Republicans as an
actual debt. Should future State officers incur
these debts it will be time enough to complain;
until then let us deal with actual and existing
facts.
In South Carolina the debt in 1865 was
$5,058,000; itwasincreased up to $15,768,000
in December, 1871 ; of this, $3,773,000 are
held as collaterals for $900,000. And there
is an additional contingent debt for aid to
railroads of $6,712,000. The total debt abso-
lute and contingent is $22,480,000. Of the
railroad bonds $4,000,000 have not been sold
and may not be. There was no political dif-
ference between the parties in passing the laws
authorizing the contracting of these debts, and
both parties corruptly and flagrantly engaged
in schemes of bribery. The committee on
southern outrages report as follows upon this
point:
"The worst featuro of corruption in South Caro-
lina is that members of both parties arid men ot all
classes are involved in it, and that public abhor-
rence of corruption which is the sateguardot popular
government geeins wanting or dormant. Even the
old aristocratic class, to whom we had been taught
to attribute sentiments of chivalric honor, have not
scrupled to bribe officials. In the operations ot the
land commission the venders were generally old cit-
izens of the planting class who held more land than
they could utilize, and the Irauds committed in the
sale ot their lands were with their consent and to
their advantage by bribery of the officers by the
land-holders. On this subject the (governor, m his
special message of January 9, 1873, says, (see pages
20 and 21:)
"'Many of the purchases of land having been
severely criticised, and grave charges of irregulari-
ties in the administration of the office of land com-
missioner being current, I applied in the month of
May. 1870, tq, an eminent lawyer ot this city, Colonel
J. D. Pope, to initiate legal proceedings tor tho
purpose of bringing the alleged fraudulent transac-
tions of the land commissioner under review in the
courts. Colonel Pope stated in a written opinion
which he furnished me that after a thorough invest-
igation of the law and the facts in the premises he
was satisfied that great irregularities had been
practiced to the injury of the State, out that the
necessary legal proofs of the malfeasance alleged
could be furnished only by those who sold the lands
and by others interested in effecting such sales, and
who profited by them, and they were not likely to
appear as witnesses and criminate themselves.'
" General M. C. Butler, who was the Democratic
candidate tor Lieutenant Governor in 1870, a native
of the State, was a major general of tho rebel aimy,
a large planter, a lawyer, and a leading citizen of
high standing, stated under oath before the sub-
committee, sitting in South Carolina, that if he had
land to sell n,nd could sell it by buying a State sen-
ator for $600 he would do so.
"Dr. B. M. Smith, of Spartanburg county, an
old citizen, Democratic member of the Legislature,
testified before the said sub-committee that he could
see no wrong in bribing a publio officer, and com-
pared the transaction to the purchase of a mule. In
the tax-payers' convention, held at Columbia, South
Carolina, Mr. F. F. Warley, of Darlington county,
an old citizen of high standing, spoke as follows:
" 'As I said on yesterday, public frauds would not
exist were it not for private individuals who act the
part of corruptors. Were none of these engaged in
bribing members of the Legislatuie, wc would hear
nothing of such frauds as the one I have endeavored
to expose.'"
In North Carolina in 1865 the old debt and
liabilities were $16,000,398, the prospective
liabilities were $3,471,000; in all about twenty
million dollars. In 1871 the debt and liabili-
ties were $34,887,000, an increase of overfour-
teen million dollars. This was almost entirely
devoted to aid of the railroads; the acts pro-
viding for this aid were passed by both parties;
the railroad officers and managers were com-
posed of both parties ; both parties condemned
the acts of folly and improvidence connected
with them, and united in their regrets at a
vain attempt to encourage immigration, to in-
vite capital and to awaken enterprise. The
State loses from six milllion to ten million
dollars by these railroad bonds. The State
has recovered Irom wrongful holders of these
bonds $4,343,000, and will save that amount.
In Tennessee the debt before the war was
$20,100,000, $16,200,000 for railroads ; this
had incieased in 1866 to $26,777,000, and in
1872 to $30,054,000. Of this sum $13,200,000,
being well secured by railroad companies, may
be deducted from the debt, leaving the debt
for which the State must stand liable, with
interest, about twenty million dollars.
The large assistance given to railroad com-
panies seemed to all parties necessary and
proper, and all united in it. The matter was
badly managed by the officers of the State and
the roads, and both political parties shared in
the fault.
In Virginia in 1860 the debt was $31,938,-
000; in 1865 it had grown to $41,061,000;
which, in 1870, had grown to $45,872,000,
which has been reduced to $44,080,000. This
debt is made up largely by aid given to public
works. Political parties have not divided as
to the making of this debt. No party is
exclusively held responsible. The gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] has made the
broad assertion that there is nothing to show
for the immense amount of indebtedness
incurred by these southern States for the con-
struction of railroads. Sir, there is some-
thing to show for it. Forty-four hundred
miles of railroad have been constructed since
the war, and a large amount of railroad
work is now going on. Theie is a great deal
to show for the expenditures that have been
made.
Mr. MAYNARD. Let me remind the gen-
tleman that the southern railroads at the close
of the war were all out of repair.
Mr. C0BURN. That is the fact. Worn out
in the service of the contederacy.
These instances of indebtedness are styled
robberies, and attributed to the Republican
