026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
Indiana; it may do very well before an ignor-
ant audience who do not know or have not
ability enough to comprehend what is reason-
able and what is not., and who are accustomed
to take the assertions of the Senator from In-
diana asa part of the law of this land, as sacred
and as truthful as Holy Writ; but with men
accustomed to reflect and dealing fairly with a
subject, it is not too much to say—and I speak
without disrespect to the Senator—that all the
apprehensions he has expressed are simply
preposterous—nay, more, simply ridiculous.
So much for that, Mr. President. But I
must confess that I am again at a loss to com-
prehend the course of the Senator. My Radi-
cal friends, I begin to think, will have to go
into a new election of what in the German
infantry is called a fugleman, some one to
take the lead and show how the thing is to be
done. The Senator from Indiana speaks here
this morning the key-note of the campaign,
but lo 1 and behold that key- note is, in effect, a
denunciation of the President and of the Presi-
dent's message which substantially recom-
mends this very bill.
Here is the President saying that the time
for amnesty has come. The President said
in 1868 "Liet us have peace," but we found no
peace. There were some of us who thought
he has not lived up to that declaration. He
was inaugurated .in March 1869, and 1869
passed away, and if we credit lladical state-
ments we had no peace. And certainly we
saw very little on the part of the President
that tended to promote an era of peace and
good will. The year 1870 passed by without
any act or recommendation of the President
to encourage the hope that we were at last to
have peace. Then came 1871; and finally, at
the close of that year in his annual message
to Congress, for ihe first lime we have some-
thing practical in the way of "Let us have
peace." It was contained in the President's
recommendation to pass the amnesty bill. It
informed us that at last the>jtime had come,
and although I think some of the reasons that
he gaveforhis recommendation are not exactly
of the soundest and are not a little ungracious,
I will "not look a gift horse in the mouth."
He recommended amnesty. He said the time
had come to "Let us have peace." And now
the leader of the Radical party in the Sen-
ate arraigns the President's recommendation
and says, in effect, that it is a recommend-
ation of inhumanity to generations to come,
and not only that, but of immorality also;
that it is a recommendation that is to teach
the South and the children of the South, nay,
the children of all this country, in all time to
come, that treason is no crime, and that the
southern rebels were in the right and we were
in the wrong. Without naming the President,
that is the effect of the speech made by the
Senator from Indiana.
Sir, I am at a loss to understand this Ad-
ministration and its supporters. The Presi
dent recommends amnesty, and the leader of
the party in the Senate denounces it in the
most eloquent terms that his fertile brain and
inventive geuius can suggest. The President
recommends civil service reform, and the
distinguished Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Carpenter] ponrs out upon it all the vials
of his wrath and the wonderful scintillations
of his wit, and all around the Senate Cham-
ber we find that civil service reform, though
recommended by the President and inaugu-
rated by him, gets the cold shoulder from those
who are looked upon as his most particular
supporters and friends. I do not understand
this Administration. If I were an unchari-
table man, I should say that here was what in
common parlance is called throwing a tub to
the whale; that it is a promise held out to the
ear to be disappointed in the fulfillment; that
when the President says "Let us have civil
service reform," there is a mental reservation
that civil service reform shall be killed in Con-
that when he says " Let us have am-
nesty," there isamental reservation that lead-
ing Radicals in the Senate shall kill amnesty
stone dead.
Now, Mr. President, I do not charge any
such false dealing upon the President; I
charge no such hypocrisy upon him ; and yet
it does look wonderfully strange that nearly
every important recommendation he makes
is ignored by his friends in this Chamber,
and the knife put to its throat for the pur-
pose of drawing the life-blood from it.
So much, sir, for that. Now, let us have
a word or two upon the Constitution, for my
friend from Indiana has considered that the
Constitution must be looked into a little. He
lays down this broad proposition, that what-
ever rights are conferred upon citizens of the
United States by the Federal Constitution are
taken under the protection of the Federal
Constitution, and may be enforced by Con-
gress by appropriate legislation. 1 might
grant that proposition, and it would not touch
the question before us; for there would still
remain to be considered whether the rights
of the citizen are conferred by the Federal
Constitution. That is the first question.
Then, secondly, if righfs, &c., are so con-
ferred, are the rights, privileges, or immunities
assumed by the Senator from Massachusetts
iu his amendment among them ? If either of
these questions be answered in the negative,
then the Senator's proposition has no appli-
cation. Thirdly, comes the question, assuming
that we have power to enforce or secure rights,
privileges, and immunities conferred or guar-
antied by the Constitution, in what mauner
are we authorized to enforce or secure them ;
quo-modo can we enforce or secure them?
And if it is found that you cannot constitution-
ally enforce or secure them in the mode pro-
posed by the Senator from Massachusetts, that
is a conclusive answer to his amendment. If
there is some other mode in which you can
enforce them according to the Constitution,
that other mode is the proper mode. That is
the "appropriate legislation" which it is pro-
vided that Congress may adopt.
But, says the Senator, these are questions
not left to the courts, because it is provided in
the fourteenth amendment, in the last clause
of it, that "Congress shall have power to
enforce by appropriate legislation the provis-
ions of this article." Need the Senator from
Indiana be told that Congress would have pre-
cisely the same power if that section were
stricken out; that that section is no broader
at all than the section of the original Consti-
tution which gave to Congress the power to
enact all legislation necessary to carry into
effect the piovisioris of the Constitution, or
the powers conferred upon any department
of the Government by it?
Thisvery language, "appropriate legisla-
tion," is taken from an opinion of Chief Jus-
tee Marshall in the case of McCulloch vs.
Maryland, if my memory is right, in which he
makes the terms "necessary legislation" and
"appropriate legislation" synonymous and
convertible terras. So that this language,
"Congress shall have power by appropriate
legislation to enforce the provisions of this
article," is nothing more than the implied
power which Congress would have if the sec-
tion were stricken out of the article altogether;
nothing more than Congress had under the old
provision authorizing it to enact all legislation
necessary to carry out the power conferred
upon the Government or upon any depart-
ment thereof. That is all. It is not a sub-
stantive grant of power; it is simply putting
into the form of an express power that which
would have been an implied power were this
provision not in the Constitution at all. Does
that take the question out of the jurisdiction
of lhe_ courts? No, sir; not at all. What,
then, is "appropriate legislation?" I will
tell you what is appropriate legislation. The
Constitution consists of several categories or
classes, so to speak. One is a grant of powers
to the Federal Government; another class is
a prohibition against the exercise of powers
by the Federal Government; and the third
class is a prohibition upon the exercise of cer-
tain powers by the States. This is the Consti-
tution of the Units^i States: affirmatively, a
grant of power; negatively, a prohibition of
power on the part of the Federal Government;
and secondly, a prohibition against the exer-
cise of power by the State governments. The
fourteenth amendment in the main is confined
to this latter category or class. It prohibits
the States from exercising certain powers, and
the remedy is precisely the same if a State
shall violate that provision of the Constitution
that it would be if it were to violate one of
the provisions in the original Constitution.
What says the original Constitution? "No
State shall coin money." Suppose a State
does coin money, how do you get at that?
You get at that under your law in this way:
that the act of legislation which authorized the
coinage is declared by your Federal courts, to
which the question can be taken, to be a vio-
lation of the Constitution of the United States
and void. So with any other prohibition. Here
the fourteenth amendment declares, and it is
unnecessary to read any more of it perhaps
than that which bears on this bill: "No State
shall make or enforce any law which shall
abridge the privileges or immunities of citi-
zens of the United States." That opprates
directly on the State. It cannot be denied
that that operates directly on the State as a
political entity, because it cannot be contended
for a moment that a manager of a theater
can make a law of the State, and yet this bill
is leveled at him ; that an inn keepercanmake
a law of the State, and yet this bill is leveled
at him ; that a railroad company can make the
law of the State, and yet this bill ij leveled at
it. No, sir, the law of the State can be made
only by the legislative power of the State,
its General Assembly.
When, therefore, this Constitution says that
no State shall make a law abridging the privi-
leges or immunities of a citizen, it is the same
as if it had said that no Legislature of any
State shall pass any such law, for that is the
only way in which the State can make a law.
But it would have been, perhaps, a lame in-
strument if that were all, and hence it says no
State shall enforce any law which abridges the
privileges or immunities of a citizen of the
UnitedSrates. Why is that word "enforced''
put in there? It was put in for a twofold
reason: first, because theie were already on
the statute books of some of the States enact-
ments that did discriminate between different
classes of citizens : that is, between those who
were made citizens by this amendment and those
who were formerly citizens. For instance, in
the State of Kentucky, at the time this amend-
ment was passed, a negro man could not testify
against a white man; and I am told that the
State law on that subject has not been repealed
jet. Very well; here, then,comes in this con-
stiiutional provision that Kentucky shall not
enforce that, law. It was because ot these
statutes that were upon the statute-books of
some of the States, already made, not to be
made, that this provision was put in that tile
States shall not enforce any law which makes
any such discrimination But I am willing to
go further than that, and say that a State shall
not enforce a common-law principle of that
State which makes a discrimination forbidden
by this Constitution, and that if the State,
through its highest authority entitled to en-
force that law, does enforce it, and if it makes
a disciimination lepugnant to the Constitution
of the United States, then that matter shall be
revievved and justice done, and the Cons'itu-
tion vindicated. But how can that be? How
can such a case happen? It can only happen
when the highest judicial power in the State
has determined to enforce such a law repug-
nant to the Constitution of the United States,
fhat is the only way in which it can be enforced.
