8214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
is every day strengthening the proof that hardly
any known material substance is so widely and
well distributed over the country as the arti-
cle of salt. The following statement will
show more in detail the resources of our
country in the article of salt:
"New York oati supply annually if required,
12,000,000 bushels; Ohio can supply annually if
required, 25,000,000 bushels; Virginia can supply
annually if required, 50,000,1)00 bushels; Michigan
can supply annually if required, 100,000,000 bushels.
" The supply is said to bo illimitable m Louisiana,
Kansas, Nebraska, Idaho, anil Texas.
" Salt springs are to-day found in New York, Petra-
pvlvania, Ohio, Michigan, Illinois, Indiana, West
Virginia, Virginia, Kansas, Nebraska, California,
Louisiana, Oregon, Texas, Now Alexico, Arizona.
"Salt is found in minoor rock in Louisiana, Texas,
New Mexico, Kansas, California, Virginia, Montana,
Arizona, Idaho."
The salt-producing territory of the United
States is so widely distributed, that it precludes
the possibility of any monopoly by combination
of capital. It insures to consumers iu every
section of the country such competition to sup-
ply their wants or necessities as will always
keep prices in any and every section of the
country at a reasonable standard. In addition
to this, nearly two fifths of the salt used in the
United States is imported from abroad under
the present tariff, showing a lively competition
between the foreign and domestic producer,
which will always keep down the price to a rea-
sonable figure. That state of affairs is best for
the consumers when there is a sharp competi-
tion between the foreign and domestic pro-
ducer, for to give either a monopoly ot the
market would tend to raise prices. The pres-
ent tariff is adapted to produce precisely that
slate of tilings, and for that reason, if for
lio other, it ought not to be materially reduced.
Tile present duty on salt is not prohibitory,
for if it was, twelve million bushels ol'sali. would
not. annually be imported into the United
Status. It is simply a revenue duty, and as
such should have tiie support of every true
revenue reformer in this House. The an-
nual revenue to the Government from salt is
$l,2"i0,000. This revenue is collected with
little cost and absolute certainty, and is paid by
foreign capitalists, for our people get their salt
as cheaply under the present tariff as they did
when the duty was merely nominal. When
the foreign producer had nearly the entire
monopoly of the markets of the United Slates,
lie put up the price to a high figure, and put
into his own pocket enormous prolits. To
show the effect of the present duty upon the
price of salt, 1 read from an allidavit made in
Febhiary last by William ISumin, of the city
of Philadelphia) a member of the linn of Wil-
liam Buuiin & Sous, who are large dealers in
foreign and domestic salt:
" That under the turill as it now is tho quantity
ofsjilt aiinqu'ly imported into I'llllailelphia is uon-
sidcialily in excess of tho domestic salt sold there.
That the eompt'lilioti between the two keeps tho
pi ic-c:^ down lu lo iv figures, and thai he has no doubt
that if cither the loreiirn or domestic article wcro
withdrawn or expelled iioin that market, tho prices
would bo iiiifher than tliey now are; and ho adds
that Ironl ail the informal ion in hit, possession he
verily believes that a ropeul or any material reduc-
tion ot the tariff on l'oioign salt would inevitably
result in the exclusion of domestic salt from tho
market aforesaid."
1 Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. lSUItCHAliD obtained the floor.
Mr. DU14LL. I would like a few minutes
more.
Mr. BURCHARD. I will yield my time to
the gentleman.
Mr. DUELlj. As to the quality of our
domestic salt, I have this to say, that it is equal
to any in theworld either for curing and pack-
ing of meats, for thg dairy and the table, or
for any other purpose. Our Government, at
the request of the domestic manufacturers
instituted the most rigorous test of the com-
parative virtues of Turk's Island and Syracuse
solar salt, respectively, as preservers of bar-
reled pork in all climates and nnder every
trying ordeal. The general result (as reported
by officers who did not know which of the
barrels were cured with Turk's Island, which.
with Syracuse solar) was dedldedly favorable
to the latter. The most rigorous Chemical
analysis confirms this demonstration;
Foreign salt is brought here from Liverpool
from the ports on the Mediterranean,from the
West Indies, and from Goderich, Canada.
With cheap labor and fuel, the foreign manu-
facturer is able to make salt at halt the cost
of the American producer, I have before me
a statement showing the prices of labor at the
different points where salt is manufactured,
and I will barely remark that while the daily
wages of the laborer engaged in making for-
eign salt is from thirty to sixty-five cents per
day, the wages of the American laborer engaged
in the same business is $1 87} per day.
There is a very large salt manufacture at
Goderich, on Lake Huron, and at several
points on the line of the Goderich and Buffalo
railroad. It is based on a bed of fossil salt of
the purest quality, from twenty-five feet to one
hundred feet thick. The extraordinary dimen-
sions of this deposit may be estimated from
the fact (hat it has been penetrated at Kincar-
dine and at Seaforth, points in the dominion
fifty miles apart. Salt is produced at, Gode-
rich, with cheap labor and fuel, at eighty-five
cents per barrel, aud the Canadians them-
selves say the selling price is eighty five cents
lo one dollar. There is now a large wheat
trade down the lakes to Goderich.
The return vessels would take the Canadian
salt, in ballast to Chicago, Milwaukee and Du-
luth, because it would- be put aboard by the
shippers, and the cost and delay of gravel bal-
last would be saved to the vessels. Now, the
demand made by the British importers that
salt shall be put on the free list iu our tariff or
greatly reduced is simply a demand that the
Americans shall legislate themselves into entire
dependence upon foreign salt, shall destroy
the vast interests embarked in the salt busi-
ness in New York, Michigan, Ohio, and West
Virginia, and shall give to the Canadians a
monopoly of supplying half the United States,
aud the manufacturers of Liverpool and Turk's
Island the remaining half, with this article of
useful need ; for so cheap is labor in those
places, so abundant and cheap is fuel there,
and so vast and so rich are its deposits of salt,
that competition with it upon the sea-board and
the lake ports by our salt will be simply im-
possible. Our factories must close, the expen-
sive erections built for its manufacture must go
to decay, and the fifteen thousand laborers
now engaged in its production must find other
employment. If such a calamity should fol-
low, compelling all the workmen and capital
employed in making salt to remain idle, what
would be our condition in case of a foreign
war ?
Where would our thirty or forty milMon
bushels of salt come from? What would be
the price of salt ? Does any one suppose that,
even in time of peace, a foreign monopoly
would furnish it as cheaply as our own manu-
facturers do, with both home and foreign
competition to keep down the prices? Is it
not the part ofwisdom for the United States to
keep on manufacturing a portion at least of
the salt they use, so that in the event of a war
they would not be entirely dependent on for-
eign nations?
it is said the salt manufacturers make
enormous prolits, and I have seen a circular
issued by a foreign importer of salt which
states that the people of the United States pay
into the hands of the salt monopolists
$510,000,000 per annum increased cost of salt
caused by the present duty. The following
statement will show how much truth there is
in this assertion :
"The price of domestic salt to-day in all of the
markets of the country, deducting the actual cost
of barrel or package, ot transportation and expenses
of sale, does not exceed twenty-three cents per
buslicl; and inasmuch as the whole quantity pro-
duced in the United States is not more than twenty
million bushels, the salt monopolists receive only
the sum of $-1,600,000 for manufacturing all the do-
rncstic, salt annually oonsume4in this sountry, fioia
this statement, which we are prepared to verify at
any time or place, it will be seen that the whole peo-
ple of the United States pay for the actual manufac-
ture of American salt consumed by them less than
one hdlf of the sum which the ciredlafr afeffejija •
assures them that they pay for the mere increase of
cost produced by the tariff alone."
In answer to the oft-repeated charge that
the present tariff on salt is a grievous burden
to the people of the United States, I submit
the following statement to show what this bur-
den is. I ask the Clerk to read what I send to
the Chair.
The Clerk read as follows:
"The average annual consumption of salt in the
United States is about forty-four pounds to each
person per capita. This includes all the salt lised,
whether for household purposes or rn&nufdettoMng.
The average price of a barrel of salt in the different
markets of the United States is two dollars, and as
a barrel of salt contains two hundred and eighty
pounds, it follows that the cost of salt to eaeh per-
son yearly is thirty-one cents and four millsi Now,
conceding that the consumer pays the duty upon
salt, let us sec what this burdensome tax is. The
amount of revenue derived by the United Stittea
for the year 1870 upon foreign salt was $1,250,000 in
round numbers. The population of the United
States being about forty inllllohs, it follows that ta&
tax imposed upon the consumers of salt by reasoi
of the tariff on that article is three cents and ofae
mill to each person annually 1 But further, each
person consumes about eight pounds of salt pfe'f
year, the cost of which is six cents. If that perJfiti
should pay the increased tax caused by the present
duty, it would amount to less than one cent per
annum I The increased expense to a family of eight
persons lor the salt they consume, caused by the
duty on salt, amounts to the enormous sum of seven
cents per year 1
" What an oppressive burden to carry, to be siir'6!
This, too, is the 'crime against civiliz^4tiJn, We
hear so much about. This is the 'odious/ ' infam-
ous,'and 'pernicious' tax which keeps the people
from consuming as much salt as they would dd If
salt were admitted free of duty."
Mr. McINTYIlE. I move to strike out tho
paragraph relating to salt, and add that Article
to the free list.
I believe that the feeling in thia House ia
that everybody should have a free breakfast.
Coffee has been added to the free list ; tei
has been added to the free list; but thete fere
other articles which enter into the comsumfi-
tion of every "family. Some families use tea
and coffee aud some may not. But salt enters
into the consumption of every family, all
through the land, among the high and the
low, the rich and the poor. If you eat a bit of
ham in the morning it has salt in it. When
you take a piece of bread at breakfast it has
salt in it. Put this article on the free list and
you will benefit every man in this country, and
particularly the laborers of the country.
Congress, 1 think, Mr. Chairman, might
make this concession, because of the simple
fact that the amount brought into the Treasury
by the tariff laid upon salt is very inconsidet-
able. The amount brought into the Treasirry
derived from the duty on this article during
the last fiscal year amounted to about twelve
hundred thousand dollars. That amount, a4
compared with the receipts of the GovernnlSht
during the last fiscal year, it occurs to the,
might very readily be surrendered by the addi-
tion of salt to the free list, as well sis tea and
coffee.
I therefore move to strike out lines thirteen;
fourteen, and fifteen of the bill, and to hdd
salt to the free list.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion to strikd
out will be confined for the present to line
thirteen, which alone has been read.
Mr. HEREFORD. I was very much sat*
prised, Mr. Chairman, to hear my distinguished
friend from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] say that he
was going to vote for the bill as originally re1
ported from the Committee of Ways and Meftnsj
especially since he has claimed in various
speeches he has delivered in this House on tn$
subject of the tariff to be opposed to all monop-
oly, and has stated that he wishes a fair aha
equitable distribution of the various charges
that are made upon the people for the stippoft
of the Government. a
In this bill it is proposed to reduce tne
tariff upon salt to eight cents per bushel, the
present rate of duty being from eighteen- tor
