1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1428
responsibility he has in an Indian territory.
He has to give $200,000 bonds.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Alabama.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As one member of the
committee, I do not quitesee niy way dlear
to agree to that amendment. . You will see
by the bill that we have a depositary in that
Territory at Santa F6 
Mr. WEST. No; one is in New Mexico,
the other-is in Arizona.
Mr. EDMONDS. Very well. I think the
ordinary knowledge of geography, if Senators
would have permitted me to go through with
my statement) would have enabled most peo-
ple to know probably that Santa F6 was iu one
place and Tucson was in another.
Mr. WEST. They are six weeks' travel
QiP&l'tt "■
Mr'. EDMUNDS. Very well; call it six
months; it would probably be better if it .were
six months; but still we have not provided for
the office of a depositary at Tucson. You
have a postmaster there. It seems by some
ptovision you put the moneys into his hands.
He takes his pay as postmaster. I do not
myself see the propriety of increasing his com-
pensation as postmaster in order to give him
an honorary fee for receiving further public
moneys and forwarding them.
Mr. SPENCER. If the Senator will allow
me to interrupt him, I will state that this de-
positary has been established but a few years,
lie has been giving bond to the amount of
$200,000 ; for two years he has been disburs-
ing two hundred thousand dollars and more a
year, without any pay whatever. His salary
as postmaster, Tucson being a' small place, is
only $t300 a year.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very much sur-
prised that this gentleman should not have
resigned before this time. If his country has
enforced on him such a prodigious labor as
this without any compensation, it is a great
wonder he has not retired from the public
service.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand that under
the law authority is given to the Treasury
Department to designate certain officers as
depositaries. Land officers and postmasters
are frequently designated. If you are going
to pay one of them, you must pay them all.
What is the propriety of paying one in Ari-
zona and not paying another? They are des-
ignated throughout the United States. I do
not think there is any general provision of
law for paying them anything because the Sec-
retary of the Treasury thinks proper to desig-
nate them. Perhaps there ought to be ; I do
not know but that there ought to be a law, but
I do not see why it should be a special one ;
it should be general. If you are going to pay
all the designated depositaries where it be-
comes a matter of convenience sometimes to
the Treasury Department in transacting its
business to have a depository where there is
no sub-Treasury, no national bank 
Mr. EDMUNDS. A bank has to give secur-
ity in the same way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They then may desig-
nate postmasters and land officers. I think
there are a number. I have not looked at the
law recently, but my recollection is that the
Department may designate any of these offi-
cers as public depositaries, and they are used
then for the convenience of the Government.
They have very little to do, I suppose, in that
particular locality. Deposits are made with
them, and then they are drawn out to suit the
convenience of the Government in remote
regions of the country. If you are going to
pay one, I think the law should be general and
you should pay all, and perhaps there ought
to be such a law. I do not see the propriety
of providing only (or the postmaster at lueson.
Mr. SPEN CER. I will state to the Senator
from Illinois that all the other depositaries in
all the other Territories are provided for.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They did not use. to. be
paid.
: Mr. SPENCER. In New'Jffexicothe.'jlepos-
itary happens to be the -collector of internal
revenue, and-receives two thousand flr twenty-
five liuridred dollars more than this amend-
ment of mine proposes to give in the Territory
of Arizona.
Mr. TRU.MBULL- If there is any .law to
pay the others, I was not aware of it. It cer-
tainly was not the law a few years ago,
Mr. SPENCER. It is in this same bill.
Mjj. KELLOGG. Allow me to.-call atten-
tion to line seven hundred and seventy-fivo of
the bill where there is provision for the pay
of a depositary,, $2,000, in addition to his pay
as receiver, which is more than is proposed
by the amendment of the Senator from Ala-
bama; and I am told that this is not an ex-
ception by any means. The law that the Sen-
ator from Illinois refers td provides that a
bonded officer may be designated by the- Sec-
retary «f the Treasury as depositary of public
moneys. In this instance reported by. the com-
mittee, and other, instances, it has been pro-
vided that they shall receive, because o,f that
additional responsibility as., depositaries re-
quiring them to give an extraordinary bond,
so much more compensa'ioa. The very clause
proposed to be amended by ,the Senator from
Alabama provides for that very thing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Louisiana allow me to inquire if that is-not the
case of a depositary at Santa Fe provided for
by law, .just like the depositary at New York
city?
Mr. KELLOGG. But this is also provided
by law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand this to be
a mere case of a designation by the Treasury
Department of a depositary. Is there a statute
constituting the postmaster at Tucson a depos-
itary, or is he designated by the Secretary of
the Treasury ?
Mr. KELLOGG. Designated under a statute.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then itis just like all the
other designations. My inquiry is whether
there is not some law fixing a depositary at
Santa B^e. I" do not know whether there is or
not. - . -
Mr. SPENCER. There is not. It is a gen-
eral law that authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to designate special.places.for de-
positaries, different officers of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask the Senator from
Alabama if, in the case of the receiver at
Santa F6, the receiver is not designated as a
depositary under the general law?
Mr. SPENCER. That is my understanding.
Mr. KELLOGG. Then, that comes under
the precise category of the amendment of the
Senator from Alabama.
Mr. SPENCER. And this amendment is
recommended by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. KELLOGG. If it is just in one case,
it is just in the other.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask the Senator from
Alabama if there is any national bank in that
Territory ? '
Mr. SPENCER. There is not.
Mr. CORBETT. And no receiver of public
lands?
Mr. SPENCER. There is a receiver of
public lands, but I understand that the land
office is three hundred miles north of Tucson,
and Tucson is the capital of the Territory.-
This officer was regularly designated by the
Secretary of the Treasury as depositary, and
this amendment is recommended by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury.
Mr. CORBETT. I understand that Pres-
cott is the capital, and that, I believe, is the
principal town.
Mr. SPENCER. The capital has been re-
moved from Prescott to Tucson. The land
office is at Prescott.
Mr. CORBETT. It is stated by the Senator
from Alabama that the land office has been
removed from Prescott, which is, I have under-
stood heretofore, the principal place where the
largest amount of money has been disbursed,
and .where the seat of.government is, and it
is customary to. appoint receivers of the pub-
lic lands also depositaries. If this has been
changed totlip postmaster at Tucson, there
may besome:neqessity for this appropriation.
Mr. .SPENCER. There ha? never been any
change. This. iptH} has been depositary for
two years, designated by the Secretary of the
Treasury.,
Mr, CORBETT. > Has there been no other
depositary in _th« Territory ?
Mr. SPENCER. There is no o(.her depos-
itary in the Territory. I will state again that
the Secretary of the Treasury has recom-
mended this appropriation, and it certainly
ought to be made.
Air. CORBETT. I ain unacq.u ainted with
the Territory.
. Mr. STEVENSON. 1 should like to ask
the Senator from Alabama whether the Secre-
tary of the Treasury has not discretion now_ to
pay this depositary?
Mr. SPENCER. He has no money to pay
it, no appropriation. He has recommended it.
Mr". STEVENSON. We have made two
appropriations in this .bill, one " for the com-
pensation of designated depositaries under the
fourth section of -the act of 1846,'' and then
for contingent expenses for the collection,
safe-keeping, transfer, and disbursement of
public moneys, $100,000" in addition.
Mr. SPENCER. I understand that does
not apply to this case at all.
Mr. STEVENSON. How do we know that
it is not discretionary with the Secretary of
the Treasury?
Mr. SPENCER. We know it because the
Secretary of the Treasury asks this specially
in his letter which has been read. .
Mr. STEVENSON. I should like to know,
before I vote for it, what the $100,000 appro-
priation, beginning on the seven hundred and
eighty-ninth line of this bill, "for safe-keep-
ing, transfer and disbursement," is to be
applied to ? Where are these depositaries ?
We have already made special appropriations
for various depositaries.
Mr. SPENCER. I will say to the Senator
from Kentucky that I cannot state what that
appropriation he speaks of is for. I consulted
with the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then, I suggest to my
friend from Alabama that he had better let
this go over until we get into the Senate, so
that inquiry may be made.
Mr. SPENCER. I know it does not apply
to this officer. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations cdn. tell what that
$5100,000 is for. We know that it does not
apply to this ease.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Alabama.
The question being put, it was declared the
noes appeared to prevail.
Mr. SPENCER. I will agree to let the
amendment be passed over for the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
informally passed over.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; it is lost for the
present.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer the amendment
from the Committee on Printing of which I
gave notice. It is to insert as an additional
section the following:
Site. —. That from and after, the passage of this
act, the provisions of the eighteenth section of tho
act of Jul> 28,1806. entitled "An act making appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the (govern-
ment for tho year ending June 30.1867, and tor other
purposes," shall apply to the Congressional Printer,
the four clerks and messenger in the ofiice of tile
Congressional Printer, and also the foreman of print-
ing and tho foreman of,binding; and an amount
sufficient to carry out tho provisions of said eight-
eenth section for tho present and the next fiscal
years is hereby appropriated.
