1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8215
twenty-four cents. So far as the people whom
I represent, and who ship about five million
baskets of salt per annum, are concerned,
• they desire no more protection than is given
'to other people in the United States. The
constituency which I represent is opposed to
protection. They are opposed to monopoly.
They are opposed, as I also am opposed, to
bounties, to use the expression of my friend
from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr.] But if this Con-
areas is going to dispense bounties, if other
people and other interests are to have boun-
ties, then the people of West Virginia desire
to have a portion of those bounties. When
theiton interest and the manufacturing inter-
est of the New England States are to have
bounties, and are given bounties by this very
bill, then the people who are interested in
raising salt, including the people of West Vir-
ginia, desire to have a share m the bounties
■which are bestowed.
If you will take away the bounties from all
the interests in all the States, then the State
that I represent will say amen to it. But I
have never seen, I have never read a more in-
equitable tariff bill than the one that is now
presented to this body. What are the facts in
regard to it? We see here that one article
alone, and that article produced almost exclu-
sively by the South, the article of tobacco,
produces by the tax upon it an internal rev-
enue which last year amounted to $33,578,
907 18, or nearly one fourth of the entire in-
ternal revenue of the United States. That is
taken from the impoverished South, and yet
will gentlemen tell me that this is a fair and
equitable tariff bill ?
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Who pays that
tobacco tax, the consumer or the manufac-
turer '?
Mr. HEREFORD. The consumer eventu-
ally pays it, it is true.
Mr. FINKELNBCRG. Then the South
alone does not pay it?
Mr. HEREFORD. The South alone does
not pay the entire tax. But any gentleman
who will go upon a tobacco plantation and
raise tobacco will know that the tax is a very
damaging one to the interest of the tobacco
raiser. If you doubt it, go there and raise
tobacco and you will see it.
Mr. FINKELNBURG-. The statistics did
not show that.
Mr. 'HEREFORD. The facts show it,
whether the statistics do or not.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH obtained the floor.
Mr. HEREFORD. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a few minutes longer.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It may be difficult
for me. to obtain the floor again. The gentle-
man can get another opportunity to speak.
Mr. HEREFORD. I will ask the com-
mittee to indulge me for a few minutes more.
This is the first time I have troubled them
Does the gentleman
the gentleman from
upon any subject.
. The CHAIRMAN.
from Illinois yield to
West Virgiuia?
Mr, FARNSWORTH. I cannot yield the
floor, for fear I may not obtain it again. But
1 will ask unanimous consent that he may be
allowed to proceed for five minutes longer.
No objection was made.
Mr. HEREFORD. In addition to what I
have said, I will say that we see from the
reports made to this House that out of the
$03,000,000 of internal revenue derived from
the tax on tobacco, the States of Virginia and
West Virginia alone pay directly more than
$6,000,000. And then there are annually
shipped in bond to New York, Philadelphia,
Boston, and other sea ports, 21,960,000 pounds
of tobacco, upon which there is an additional
internal tax, which virtually comes out of those
two States, of $7,027,000. That makes the
total amount paid by the States of West Vir-
ginia and Virginia more than one third of this
133,000,000 taxjipoo.tobacco.
Now, I ask gentlemen of this House if this
is a fair tariff bill? And what more is there
in this bill? First, there is $33,000,000 col-
lected from tobacco alone. Then the bill says
to eastern monopolists, "Although last year
you paid $19,000,000 into "the Treasury of the
United States in the way of income tax, this
year we will wipe out all of that tax." This
tariff bill does not propose to reenact the income
tax, which last year yielded $19,162,650 75.
And from what sources was that tax collected ?
Principally from the wealth of the cities of
New York, Massachusetts, and Pennsylvania,
and the large and wealthy corporations of the
East. -You propose to take off all that tax,
and yet you tax the tobacco interest of the
South $33,000,000 a year. I say that this is an
iniquitous bill, and 1 here denounce any such
tariff bill as unfair and unjust—as a bill which
will not receive the sanction of the people of
the United States.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Did not the
gentleman from West Virginia [Mr. Here-
ford] vote yesterday to instruct the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means to report this very bill
back to the House?
Mr. BURCHARD. Allow me to say to the
gentleman from West Virginia that this bill
reduces the tax on tobacco instead of putting
it on.
Mr. HEREFORD. It takes off a part of the
tax from tobacco, and it takes off all the tax
on incomes.
Mr. BURCHARD. This bill does not do
anything in regard to the income tax.
Mr. HEREFORD. It does not reenact it,
as it ought to do.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise for the pur-
pose of saying a word or two on the subject of
salt. The income tax has nothing to do with
the paragraph under consideration. Nor, in.
deed, has this bill anything to do with the in-
come tax, which expires this year by limitation
of existing law.
Sir, we have repealed the duty upon tea and
coffee because, as lias been said, these articles
enter into the consumption of the people uni-
versally. It is said that tea and coffee are
among the necessaries of life. That has come
to be accepted as true, though it is not strictly
true; for they are not necessaries. People can
do without tea and coffee ; for some of them
do. But salt is a necessary. People cannot
do without salt. Men, women, and children,
even "the cattle upon athousand hills," must
have salt. Yet here we propose to tax the salt
of the earth—that which we must all have.
It is said by the gentleman from the salt
district of New York [Mr. Dwell] that salt
■will be higher if we take off the duty. I have
heard that argument so often that 1 confess I
am losing my respect for it. Whenever a high-
tariff man gets up to clamor for more duty,
for a higher tariff in order to increase the
price of the article, he always puts his appeal
upon the ground that if you repeal the duty
the price of the article will be greatly en-
hancedt
Mr. DUELL. I have asked for a reduction
instead of an increase.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Bat the gentleman
does not ask for such reduction as the bill
gives; and he claims that to reduce the duty
as much as the bill proposes will increase the
price of the article. I say if it will, so much
the better for the men who produce it; that
is what they want. And we are willing to take
the risk of that.
It is claimed that there are twenty million
bushels of salt produced in the United States
annually. If that is true, then the people of
the United States, besides the !jj>l,250,000 that
go into your Treasury as duty upou the salt
imported, are paying in the enhanced price
of their salt a bounty of over two million dol-
lars to the salt manufacturers. For every dol-
lar you put into the treasury by means of this
salt duty, you tax the people two dollars for
.the benefit of the manufacturers.
Sir, salt is one of those things which ought
to be on the free list. " The production of salt
does not require skilled labor; it develops
no industry; it calls for no skill. Like
the production of raw lumber, like the pro-
duction of stone cut from the mountain, like
the production of coal dug from the earth) it
does not require any skill. The article is
one which every one must have. It is like a
raw material which enters into universal con
sumption and into the manufacture of almost
every commodity. You can have no "free
breakfast table " without free salt. You can
have nothing free without free salt. Salt is
like the air or the water—it is necessary to
man's existence, and it ought to be free.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Chairman, one would
think from the remarks of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth,] who says that
salt is made without labor and without ex-
pense 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Not without labor,
but without skilled labor.
Mr. CONGER. One would think from the
gentleman's remarks that salt is an article pro-
duced spontaneously, that it comes almost at
call; that salt in great and beautiful propor-
tions will, like Lot's wife, stand up ready for
consumption merely from looking back—a pil-
lar of salt for th£ world to pluck from and use.
[Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. You have now in
the west a huge pillar of salt.
Mr. CONGER. The gentleman wants to
enlarge upon the subject merely because I have
alluded to Lot's wife. I hope he will not take
the subject from me on that account.
Mr. Chairman, the principal part of the
value of salt is labor, and only labor, and this
bill proposes to reduce the duty on salt from
eighteen cents a bushel to eight cents a bushel,
and on salt in barrels and in casks and bags
from twenty-four cents to twelve cents a bushel
or a hundred pounds ; that is, from eighteen
cents to eight cents, and from twenty-four cents
to twelve cents, a greater reduction than on any
other article proposed in this bill. I have an
amendment which I propose to make here, and
I ask the attention of the House to it, which I
think will compromise this question in refer-
ence to salt, which will be fair and just to all
concerned. My amendment is to insert, before
" salt," in line thirteen, the word "rock," so
the duty we apply here shall be on rock salt,
which is the main portion of the salt imported
from across the ocean, and that will give pro-
tection to our manufacturers against the salt
manufacturers across the river in Canada "which
comes into competition with our labor.
Mr. Chairman, I wish to call the attention
of the committee in the fetv minutes allowed
ine particularly to this subject; and I wish, in
the first place, that gentlemen would make
their speeches to the chairman—that the gen-
tleman from Ohio, and others who speak so
frequently, will give their attention, instead
of engaging in discussion while I am up and
entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, there is so
much confusion in the House that it is utterly
impossible to hear what is going on.
The CHAIRMAN. The House will come
to order, and gentlemen will resume their
seats. The chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means states that it is utterly im-
possible for him to hear, there being so much
confusion in the House.
Mr. CONGER. Mr._ Chairman, by the rules
of the House, and ordinarily by the common
courtesy of gentlemen, when a member has
the floor for five minutes he is allowed to
occupy that time, and not be interrupted by
fifty others making speeches without beiug
entitled to the floor. If it is creditable for
gentlemen of the House as gentlemen and
members of the House so to do, it is at least
very uncomfortable to the speaker who is en-
tilled to the floor.
I wish, Mr, Chairman, to call the attention
