1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
475
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Ku Klux Outrages—Mr. Goburn.
Ho. of Reps'.
party. The House will see that the sums are
enormously exaggerated by the gentleman and
have no foundation as to amount in fact, as
stated by him. These debts were contracted
not by the Hepublicans as such, or as a party,
or for party purposes, and in this particular
his statement falls dead, having no support of
facts. But perhaps the most remarkable thing
connected with thisargumentaboutthese debts
is this : that while the Democrats, the minor-
ity of the committee, and my colleague argue
constantly that they are the fruitful source of
these disturbances and crimes, all the witnesses
swear that they have nothing to do with them,
and are not caused by them. They swear that
the Ku Klux only punish local criminals,
thieves, vagrants, prostitutes, disturbers of the
peace, and other outlaws; that Uiey aim their
blows not at politicians, or public men, or
public measures, but, at those persons who are
violators of law. Who shall we believe? Or
shall we believe both ?
The property-holders are dissatisfied with a
system of taxation which reaches all values
equally. This was not the case formerly.
Now taxes are laid ad valorem, and as near
as possible fairly upon all property ; but form-
erly land and slaves bore but the slightest
taxes comparatively. Professions, employ-
ments, amusements, and such tilings were taxed
heavily, if an irregular and inequitable sys-
tem of taxation could produce demoraliza-
tion, it was done before the war throughout
these troubled distiicts. Thus the poor men
and the men of moderate means bore the
burdens; the wealthy and powerful paid but
little. So long as the poor bore the burdens
we heard of no Ku Klux for high taxes. But
when the rich men, the land-holders, the pro-
prietors of plantations, must pay pro rata we
hear from Democratic orators of threats, lam-
entations, scourgings, burnings, and murders,
because of high taxes. History records that the
humbler men of that region submitted formerly
with a better grace to unjust taxes than the
leaders of society do now to an equitable sys-
tem of taxation. Then the Ku Klux did not
ride ; now at the bidding ot the Democratic
tax-payer he does ride, to banish or to slay
county officers, to burn school-houses or drive
off school teachers, to govern elections, to se-
cure an administration that will arrange a sys-
tem of taxation satisfactory to them. I am
inclined to believe the Democratic orators and
the minority of the committee wlien they say
that these crimes are for political reasons.
I believe that when the unoffending negro is
whipped in his lonely cabin or lield, there
stands away off some man of property who
directly or indirectly stimulates .the ruffian
hands to ply the lash, so that when election
day comes the victim will he a pliant tool or
a trembling tugiiive, shunning the ballot-box
as the souice ot all his woes. I believe that
deep down in the dark recesses of the hearts
of those leading men lurk their secret pur-
poses to control by violence and terror the
elections, and nut only to control the matters
of taxation, but all measures of State and
national policy. I believe, with them, that it
is dissatisfaction with reconstruction that in-
flames them, and that like volcanic fire burn-
ing down in the center of the globe it shakes
the whole framework of society.
But the most shameful part of these out-
rages is this ; that instead of visiting punish-
ment upon the heads of the persons of both
parlies who involved the States iu the debts
and other bad management complained of, the
bumble and quiet voters distant from them,
aud totally irresponsible personally for any
public abuse, liuve suffered all that the spite
and malignity of these conspirators could
devise. the real offenders have not been
stricken, while innocent Republicans have
been made to suffer indescribable persecutions.
Another fact in connection with these debts
is worthy of notice, and that is that many mil-
lions in the aggregate are prospective only,
and which may never become debts by reason
of a change ot the laws authorizing them, or
by the non-construction of the railroads for
which these sums are to be paid only when
completed. That can hardly be called a debt
which is a mere possibility and not a fact.
This cla^s of possible debts amounts in Georgia
to $20,916,000. In South Carolina $6 000,000
of bonds, known as the "sterling loan," have
been provided for ; of these, $3,600,000 have
been executed and $2,500,000 have not been
signed. The Democrats call this a part of the
debt. Thty are the same as signed and un-
signed notes in the hands of the maker.
Mr. RLLIOTT. The gentleman will per-
mit me to say that the six millions of sterling
bonds charged against the Republican admin-
istration as part of the debt of South Carolina
have been canceled, aud are now in the treas-
ury of the State.
Mr. COBUHN. I am glad the gentleman
has made that statement.
In Florida, if the railroads are built the
debt will be increased $14,000,000. Some five
hundred and fifty miles of railroad are pro-
jected and may at some future day be built. It
is a sale rule not to count chickens till the
eggs are hatched; so also not to be troubled
about debts till you owe them. In Alabama
the prospective and contingent liabilities
amount to $29,020,000. In Arkansas such
liabilities amount, to $11,390,000 ; in Louisi-
ana, to S>12,245000; in Texas, to $11,500,000.
Whether my colleague attempts to justify or
excuse the outlawry, the barbarities, and the
awful crimes of the Ku Klux by showing a
provocation in the creation of these debts, or
to blacken Republicans alone for gross extrav-
agance, he fails signally. The debts were m a
large measure not contracted till alter the
Ku Klux Klans had been organized and en-
gaged in the work of persecution, and tens of
thousands of victims in 1868 bear witness to
this statement, while the greater portion of
these debts have been contracted since that
time. Like an advocate in some criminal
trial, lie catches at everything to excuse, pal-
liate, extenuate, or justify the crimes of his
clients. He has no word of condemnation for
their acts, takes no thought to uncover their
villainies, but leaves lhat woikto the prosecu-
tion ; leaves it to the Republicans to find out
the facts. A hired attorney may justify him-
self in such a course ; but a Representative of
the people, sworn to obey and to execute the
law, can ill afford to play the advocate for such
shocking crimes as history has never before
recorded. And when the position of my col-
league as advocate of these Ku Klux Klaus,
now upon trial in the high court of legislation,
is viewed in an impartial light, I apprehend
that he will be found, not in pursuit of the
truth or desirous to suppress crime, but by his
acts and words to justify, palliate, and even
encourage them.
I fear that my colleague has in his zeal
assumed a position he does not desire, and
which I would be loth to assign to him did
not his language justify it. What does the fol-
lowing language mean if it is not full of justi-
fication and encouragement to these crimes
and abominations? He says:
"Sir, on the facts which I have stated I invoke
the judgment of thecountry. What right lw.voyou
to expect peace and order in a land whose rulers are
lawless felons? When did a bad Government ever
lail to produce wickedness and ciiuie? Do you
ox pact tt10 people to obey the laws when their offi-
cials do not ? Do you expect them to iovo and rev-
erence a Government whose policy has made them
bankrupt and miserable? Do you wonder that they
become restless, desperate, and disobedient as they
daily behold the lruits ot their toil stolen in the
name oi' their Government? Are you amassed at
scenes of violence, outrage, bloodshed, and cruel
vengeance, when the Executive of a State sets aside
the entire administration of justice ? Rather should
you be filled with astonishment at th.e lorbearance
and moderation you have witnessed. If the fore-
most agents in the work of southern ruin and de-
struction since the close of the war had been driven
from that country by its plundered citizens, who
now would rise up hero and condemn the act ?"
A member of the damnable older could
scarcely say more than this, in a tone more
Cull of bitterness and reproach. Is this called
for? Is it patriotic? Is it wise?
I submit to every fair man if such declara-
tions are in harmony with professions of a
deep desire for a restoration of good will and
kindness on the part of the southern people.
I submit if it is not in perfect keeping with
many Democratic declarations from the be-
ginning of the war, throughout its continu-
ance till now, and expressly prepared and
calculated to rouse and inflame the worst
passions of the worst enemies of the country*
No word of reconciliation has fallen from such
lips, no act of kind forbearance; nothing but
the sowing of the seeds of hatred in the breasts
of southern men has been their political mis-
sion.
But what shall I say to the declarations
of the minority of the committee, who in pal-
liating these enormities use the following
language:
,4 It is a subject of interest, and may bo of admo-
nition, to the American people, how political insti-
tutions, even 111 an ngo ot the highest civilization,
and under tho most explicit written constitutions,
may be changed or abolished by a process of mere
party policy, when inaugurated and pushed forward
in a spirit of hate or a tuirst for plunder. Will any
one doubt, who has personally witnessed its practi-
cal working, that negro suffrage and negro govern-
ment in South Carolina is a hopeless and total fail-
ure? Its institution was not only a political crime.
' but worse than that; it was a most unequivocal and
eggregious political blunder, as it inunt over bo
where thenegroes are in tho majority. Pseudo phi-
lanthropists may talk never so loud and eloquently
about an'equality before tho law,'where equality
id not found in tho great natural law of race or-
dained by the Uroator. That cannot be changed by
statute which has been irrevocably iUcd by tne fiat
of tho Almighty. Wherever the two racca exist co-
equally by compulsory legislation, antagonism will
exi^t also. There can be no peace or harmony in
such a condition ot political organization, especially
when the natural repulsion is intensified by the
teachings of recreant portions of the opposite race.
But while the negroes of the cSortth have position
and power in the administration of public affairs
now, who can say, wno can look into the future so
clearlv as to enable hun to say how long this unnat-
ural state of tilings will last?" Wo one if. sopresomit
as to be able to tix tho period of its duration, but
that it must end somehow, and at some time not 111
the distant future, no philosophic thinker will doubt.
It is altogether too abnormal, too much oppobed
to tho instinctive loehng, souie will say prejudices,
oi' the white race, to enduro beyond the peculiar
condition of popular opinion, brought about by a.
war prosecuted in the end for tho freedom, it nor tho
enfranchisement, ol tho uegro. Gradually* in time,
and under a change of circumstances, this excep-
tional state of tho popular mmd will wear out and
pass away, and public opinion Will vibrate back to
its old condition, as it existed prior to the disturbing
influences ol the war. TuU will be brought about
by one of two thing* ; ei'her by a rupture ot the
Government itself, or tho springing up of some new
and ali-poweilul party out ol tho ruins of the exist-
ing pohtic.il oigauizatlons. When either of these
two things shall occur, and God grant it may not be
tho lirtet, it will be tho political death of the negro
on this continent, So far as it relates to his future
solidity as a nice, commingled with the whites
within the Union, ho will be in a worse condition
than he was iu a state ot slavery ; for the inevitable
tendency will bo to segregate him from ,the white
race, and if not transported to some other country,
he will slowly but surely pass away, like the abori-
gines, and hi.-) place among us, like that of the
Indian, will be known no more forever.
Is this an encouragement to ifeep xtp the
war of races j to fan the ila&ie oi hate to
unilvmg heat? I leave it to the common sense
of men. But I quote further Irorn the minor-
ity report to show the spirit of the Opposition.
Is this not an encouragement 10 those lately
in rebellion in case of a foreign war to join
in with the enemy and destroy our Govern-
ment? Let it speak tor itself:
44 With a hostile Power on our northern borders,
capable of tlnowmg two hundred thousand armed
men into the field, is it piudent or wi^e to drive
seven million of our own people in the Soutfc to
desperation, m the event of a conflict between Great
