1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
#111
if any Senator can point to earlier or more
constant seuvice in its behalf. I began at the
beginning, and from that early day have never
failed to sustain its candidates and to advance
its principles. For these 1 have labored
always by speech and vote, in the Senate
and elsewhere, at first with few only, but at
last as success began to dawn then with mul-
titudes flocking forward. In this cause I
never asked who were my associates or how
many they would number. In the conscious-
ness of right I was willing to be alone. To
such a party, with which so much of my life
is intertwined, I have no common attachment.
Nut without regret can I see it suffer; not
without a pang can I see it changed from its
original character, for such a change is death.
Therefore do I ask, with no common feeling,
that the peril which menaces it may pass
away. I stood by its cradle; let me not
follow its hearse.
ORIGIN AND OBJECT OF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY.
Turning back to its birth, I recall a speech
of my own at a State convention in Massa-
chusetts, as far back as September 7, 1854,
where I vindicated its principles and announced
its name in these words: "As Republicans
we go forth to encounter the Oligarchs of
Slavery." The report records the applause
with which this name was received by the
excited multitude. Years of conflict ensued,
in which the good cause constantly gained.
At last, in the summer of 1860, Abraham
Lincoln was nominated by this party as its
candidate for the Presidency; and here par-
don me if 1 refer again to myself. On my way
home from the Senate I was detained in New
York by the invitation of party friends to
speak at the Cooper Institute on the issues of
the pending election. The speech was made
July 12, and, I believe, was the earliest of
the campaign. As published at the time it
was entitled " Origin, Necessity, and Perma-
nence of the Hepublicau Party," and to ex-
hibit these was its precise object. Both the
necessity and permanence of the party were
asserted. A brief passage, which 1 take from
the report in the New York Herald, will show
the duty and destiny 1 ventured then to hold
up. After dwelling on the evils of Slavery and
the corruptions it had engendered, including
the purchase of votes at the polls, I proceeded
as follows :
" Therefore just go long as the present false theories
of Slavery prevail, whether concerning its character
morally, economically, and socially, or concerning
its prerogatives under the Constitution, just so long
as the Slave Oligarchy, which is the sleepless and
unhesitating agent of Slavery in all its pretensions,
continues to exist as a political power, the Repub-
lican party must endure. [Applause.] Ifbad men eon-
spire tor Slavery, good inen must combine for Free-
dom. ['Good, good 1'J Norcan theholy warbe ended
until I lie barbarism now dominant in the Republic
is overthrown and the Pagan power is driven from
our Jerusalem. [Applause.] And when the triumph
is won, securing the immediate object of our organ-
ization, the Republican party will not die, but puri-
fied by its long contest with Slavery and'filled with
higher life, it will be lifted to yet other efforts with
nobler aims for the good of man. [Applause, three
cheers for Lincoln.]"
Such, on the eve of the presidential election,
■was my description of the Republican party
and my aspiration for its future. It was not
to die, but purified by long contest with
Slavery and filled with higher life, we were
to behold it lifted to yet other efforts and
nobler aims for the good of man. Here was
nothing personal, nothing mean or petty. The
Republican party was necessary and perma-
nent, and always on an ascending plane. For
such a party there was no death, but higher
life and nobler aims; and this was the party
to which I gave my vows. But alas! how
changed. Once country was the object, and
not a man ; once principle was inscribed on
the victorious banners, and not a name only.
REPUBLICAN PARTY SEIZED BY THE PRESIDENT.
It is not difficult to indicate when this disas-.
trous change, exalting the will of one man
above all else, became not merely manifest but
painfully conspicuous. Already it had begun
to show itself in personal pretensions, to which
I shall refer soon, when suddenly and without
any warning through the public press or any
expression from public opinion, the President
elected by the Republican party precipitated
upon the country an ill-considered and ill-
omened scheme for the annexion of a portion
of the island of St. Domingo, in pursuance of
a treaty negotiated by a person of his own
household styling himself " Aid-de-Camp of
the President of the United States." Had
this effort, however injudicious in object, been
confined to ordinary and .constitutional pro-
ceedings, with proper regard for a coordinate
branch of the Government, it would have soon
dropped out of sight and been remembered only
as a blunder. But it was not so. Strangely
and unaccountably, it was pressed for months
by every means and appliance of power,
whether at home or abroad, now reaching into
the Senate Chamber, and now into the waters
about the island. Reluctant Senators were
subdued to its support, while, treading under
foot the Constitution in one of its most dis
tinctive republican principles, the President
seized the war powers of the nation, instituted
foreign intervention, and capped the climax
of usurpation by menace of violence to the
Black Republic of Hayii, where the colored
race have commenced the experiment of self-
government, thus adding manifest outrage of
International Law to manifest outrage of the
Constitution, while the long-suffering African
was condemned to new indignity. All these
things, so utterly indefensible and aggravating,
and therefore to be promptly disowned, found
defenders on this floor. The President, who
was the original author of the wrongs, contin-
ued to maintain them, and appealed to Repub-
lican Senators for help, thus fulfilling the
eccentric stipulation with the Government of
Baez, executed by his Aid-de-Camp.
At last a Republican Senator, who felt it his
duty to exhibit these plain violations of the
Constitution and of International Law, and
then in obedience to the irresistible prompt-
ings of his natnre, and in harmony with his
whole life, pleaded for the equal rights of the
Black Republic—who declared that he did this
as a Republican, and to save the party from
this wretched complicity—this Republican
Senator, engaged in a patriotic service, and
anxious to save the colored people from out-
rage, was denounced on this floor as a traitor
to the party, and this was done by a Senator
speaking for the party, and known to be in
intimate relations with the President guilty of
these wrongs. Evidently the party was in
process of change from that generous asso-
ciation dedicated to Human Rights and to the
guardianship of the African race. Too plainly
it was becoming the instrument of one man
and his personal will, no matter how much he
set at defiance the Constitution and Interna-
tional Law, or how much he insulted the col-
ored people. The President was to be main-
tained at all hazards, notwithstanding his
aberrations, and all who called them in ques-
tion were to be struck down.
In exhibiting this autocratic pretension, so
revolutionary and unrepublican in character,
I mean to be moderate in language and to keep
within the strictest, bounds. The facts are in-
disputable, and nobody can deny the gross
violation of the Constitution and of Inter-
national Law with insult to the Black Repub-
lic—the whole case being more reprehensi-
ble, as also plainly more unconstitutional and
more illegal than anything alleged against
Andrew Johnson on his impeachment. Be-
lieve me, sir, I should gladly leave this matter
to the judgment already recorded, if it were
not put in issue again by the extraordinary
efforts, radiating on every line of office, to
press its author for a second term as Pres-
identj and since silence gives consent, all
these efforts are his efforts. They become
more noteworthy when it is considered that
the name of the candidate thus pressed has
become a sign of discord and not of concord,
dividing instead of uniting the Republican
party, so that these extraordinary efforts tend
directly to the disruption of the parly, all of
which he witnesses and again by his silence
ratifies. "Let the party split," says the Pres-
ident, "I-will not renounce my chance of a
second term." The extent of this personal
pressure and the subordination of the party to
the will of an individual compel us to consider
hia pretensions. These, too, are in issue.
PRESIDENTIAL PRETENSIONS.
" On what meat doth this our Caesar feed"
that "he should assume so much? No honor
for victory in war can justify disobedience to
the Constitution and to law; nor can it afford
the least apology for any personal immunity,
privilege, or license in the presidential office.
A President must turn into a king before it
can be said of him that he can do no wrong.
He is responsible always. As President he
is foremost servant of the law, bound to obey
its slightest mandate. As the elect of the peo-
ple he owes not only the example of willing
obedience, but also of fidelity and industry in
the discharge of his conspicuous office with an
absolute abnegation of all seif seeking. Noth-
ing for seif but all for country. And now, as
we regard the career of this candidate, we
find to our amazement how little it accords
with this simple requirement. Bring it to the
touchstone and it tails.
Not only are Constitution and law disre-
garded, bat the presidential office itself is
treated as little more than a plaything and a
perquisite—when not the former then. the
latter. Here the details are ample; showing
how from the beginning this exalted trust hag
dropped to be a personal indulgence, where
palace cars, fast horses, and sea-side loiteringa
figure more than duties ; how personal aims
and objects have been more promineitt than
the public interests; how the presidential
office has been used to advance his own family
on a scale of nepotism dwarfing everything
of the kind in our history and hardly equaled
in the corrupt Governments where this abuse
has most prevailed; how in the same spirit
office has been conferred upon those from whom
he had received gifts or benefits, thus making
the country repay his personal obligations; how
personal devotion to himself rather than pub-
lic or party service has been made the stand-
ard of favor; how the vast appointing power
conferred by the Constitution for the general
welfare has been employed at his wili to pro-
mote his schemes, to reward hisfriends, to pun-
ish his opponents, and to advance his election
to a second term; how all these assumptions
have matured in a personal government, semi-
military in character and breathing the mili-
tary spirit, being a species of Cassarism or
personalism, abhorrent to republican institu-
tions, where subservience to the President is the
supreme law; how in maintaining this subserv-
ience he has operated by a system of combin-
ations, military, political, and even senatorial,
having their orbits about him, so that, like the
planet Saturn, he is surrounded by rings ; nor
docs the similitude end here, for his rings,
like those of the planet, are held in position
by satellites ; how this otterly unrepublican
Caesarism has mastered the Republican paity
and dictated the presidential will, slalking
into the Senate Chamber itself, while a vin-
dictive spirit visits good Republicans who
cannot submit; how the President himself,
unconscious that a President has no right to
quarrel with anybody, insists upon quarreling
until he has become the great presidential
quarreler, with more quarrels than all other
Presidents together, all begun and contin-
ued by himself; how his personal followers
back him in quarrels, insult those he insults,
and then, not departing from his spirit, cry
out with Shakspeare, •' We will have rings
and things and fine array;" and finally, hoar
the chosen head of the Republic is
chiefly for presidential pretensions, utterly
