1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Suppose, for instance, that a negro man
presents himself at the door of a theater and
claims that he shall be admitted into the dress
circle of that theater, and the manager of the
theater refuses to admit him; and suppose that
be a violation of the privileges or immunities
of that colored citizen, then what is his relief?
It is not in the statute law of the State that a
negro shall not sit in the dress circle of the
opera house ; it has not been a law made by
the State ; but suppose the supreme court of
the State shall decide, when the negro has
brought his suit against the manager and has
taken it to that tribunal, that it is part of the
common law of that State that the manager of
a theater may exclude a negro man from the
dress circle of his theater. If that is a viola-
tion of the Constitution of the United States,
here is the remedy: to give that man an appeal
to the Federal courts, just as you do in every
other case, and just as you have done since
1789; just as you do in every case in which
the right in controversy is claimed under the
Constitution or laws of the United States, and
the decision of the State court is adverse to
the claim. That is your remedy. That is doing
by this fourteenth amendment precisely what
you have done by the original Constitution-;
that is getting at your evil and correcting the
evil in precisely the way you have done from
1789 down to this day.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend a
question?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask him to tell us how
he distinguishes the principle of this amend-
ment from the principle of the civil rights bill
passed April 9, 1806.
Mr. THURMAN. In regard to that I have
to answer, that having been raised in that
school to which the Senator from Indiana
referred, the old States rights Democratic
school, in which the Senator from Indiana,
too, I think, was raised, he and I having been
disciples at the feet of those Gamaliels, were
taught such doctrin-es, that I have never yet
been able to subscribe to the constitutionality
of all the provisions of the civil rights bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend will pardon
me for saying that that does not answer my
question. lie is now enlightening us upon
constitutional law, and I ask him to tell us
whether there is any difference in the consti-
tutional principle of this amendment from the
constitutional piineiple involved in the civil
rights bill of 18G6. Whether that may be con-
stitutional or not, is not the question which I
put to my friend.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I will answer the
Senator in this way: that I am trying now to
make an argument on the Constitution and
not an argument on the civil rights bill of
1860, and I shall by no manner of means be
led away from the study of the Constitution to
find out how many unconstitutional acts the
Republican party in Congress has passed.
Mr. EDMONDS. My apology is, that my
friend had stated that this was the first in-
stance since 1789 down to this time when
anything of this kind had been attempted;
and that led me, and I think justly, to ask him
how he distinguishes the principle ot the
amendment of my friend from Massachusetts
from the civil rights bill of 1860, and now he
says he does not want to talk about that.
'Mr. THURMAN. I do not wish to be in-
terrupted in an argument that I am trying to
make compact and logical, however poorly I
may succeed, by being switched off on to the
civil lights bill. 1 have not read the civil
rights bill for a year. Apparently my civil
rights have not been intei t'ered with, and I have
not had any occasion to look into the matter.
If the Senator really desiresto know my opin
ion on that bill, and thinks it is of any conse-
quence whatsoever, I will study it up, I will
give the parallel between the two bills, and it
i cannot express it with the beauty of Plutarch
in his parallels of character, I will try to do it
with sufficient clearness to be understood by
the lawyers of the Senate, but I must take my
own time.
Mr. President, once more here is a plain
inhibition upon the States, and now it is pro-
posed to pass a bill which pays no attention to
the fact that the State has not violated the
Constitution of the United States. I under-
stand the argument of the Senator fiom Indi-
ana. He has made it before. He made it, I
think, more than two years ago, and it is an
argument that stiikes down every State gov-
ernment in this Union as completely as if
every State constitution were annihilated,
never to be restored.
What is that argument? It is that privileges,
immunities, life, liberty, property, and the
protection of the laws in the United States are
all taken in charge, and are under the guaran-
tee of the Constitution of the United States,
and that thus taken in charge and under its
guarantee aud protection, Congress has a right
to legislate upon any subject whatsoever, ac-
cording to its own discretion, that relates to
the privileges, the immunities, the life, the
property, or the liberty of a citizen of the
United States ; that it is wholly indifferent and
immaterial whether a State has legislated upon
that subject or not; that it is wholly immaterial
what are the laws of a State, that the acts of
Congress passed in pursuance of the Constitu-
tion are the paramount law of the land, and
that Congress may, therefore, enter upon this
subject as res integra, as a new thing, and may
in its own discretion, without any reference to
State legislation, State judicial decision, State
custom, or State practice, make just such a
code of laws as it sees fit to make. If this is
the case, then all local self-government is
wiped out in this land; for there is not one
subject of legislation, no, not one, not even a
tax bill, that may not be referred to the cate-
gory of the privileges, the immunities, the lib-
erty, the life, the property, or the protection
of the citizen. If this interpretation of the
Constitution be true, then the Federal Gov-
ernment has swallowed up 'every Stategovern-
ment as completely as the prophet Jonah was
swallowed by the whale. I protest against any
such interpretation as that.
Sir, while I never could get myself to believe
that the doctrine of secession was right, although
I saw the full force of the argument in its favor,
and although that doctrine had the sanction
of names that have been honored at. the North
as much as Calhoun's was ever honoted at the
South, although Quincy, of Massachusetts, and
after him John Quincy Adams, boldly affirmed
it long ago 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where and when ?
Mr. THURMAN. ''Where and when!"
Quincy on the question of the annexation of
Louisiana, and J ohn Quincy Adams in a speech
which he made on the annexation of Texas,
I believe.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no 1
Mr. THURMAN. I say that although that
doctrine had been maintained, although it was
in Mr. Rawle's Commentaries on the Constitu
tion, which for many and many a long year
you sent to your students at West Point to
learn as the proper commentary on the Con-
stitution ; although almost every northern State
at one time or another had passed resolutions
affirming the Virginia and Kentucky resolu-
tions of 1798and 1799; although William Henry
Harrison, for whom you voted for President,
voted to affirm those resolutions in the Legis-
lature of Ohio ; although Henry Clay agaiu and
agam affirmed them to be a true exposition of
the Constitution, in the face of all which facts
no man
doubt,
never have been able to acquiesce in the doc-
trine that a S'ate had the light to secede at will.
Mr. EDMONDS. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Cab-
pen'ter in the chair.) Does the Senator from
Ohio yield to the Senator from Vermont?
/OUSIISUUOU, 1U lilt! ldUB ut uii wuigu
an can say that the question was free from
t; and yet 1 must say that for myself 1
Mr. THURMAN. He looks so inviting that
I cannot help it. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. My honorable friend from
Ohio has stated twice already that he had not
been quite able to persuade himself that seces-
sion was lawful, which left the inference on
my mind that he had tried very hard to ac-
complish that purpose; and from what I had
heard of the politics of Ohio, I thought he wa$
perhaps stating himself justly; but lest I, may
have misunderstood him, I should like to
know how that is.
Mr. THURMAN. When the Senator from
Vermont gets to be Chief Justiceof the United
States, as some people say he will be, he will
then get it into his head that it is the duty
of a judge to hear both sides. Having once
occupied a judicial position, I learned to hear
both sides, and hearing both sides, I confess
that I have seen the time when 1 was troubled
with the question, and yet, as 1 said before, I
never was able to bring my mind to subscribe
to that doctrine, nor wished to see it prevail.
But the Senator's interruption has led me
away from my line of argument, until I have
almost forgotten what I was talking about.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator was speaking of Rawle on the Constitu-
tion. [Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. I was. I am a thousand
times obliged to the Chair. [Laughter.] That,
however, was only a part of what I was saying
on the subject of secession. [Laughter.] The
Senator from Indiana ought not to have been
quite so severe upon these people. He ought
not to have treated them as quite such outi age-
ous men, when the very doctrine they followed
was the doctrine contained in a book which
you put into the hands of every student who
went to your West Point Military Academy.
Mr. President, I once more say that, although
I have never gone to any such length as some
State-rights men have gone in deducing the
doctrine of the right of secession, and have
never believed and do not believe in that doc-
trine, yet I am, and hope I shall die a State-
rights man. I am so because I believe that
the existence of the States and the existence
of local self-government are essential to free-
dom and to prosperity in this country.
Why, sir, if there is no such thing as State
rights, how comes it that the two disiinguished
Senators from Vermont are here, coming
from a State with not one tenth, not one
twelfth, very little more than one thirteenth of
the population of the State of New York?
How comes it that with three hundred thou-
sand inhabitants only, there are two Senators
on this floor from Vermont, while New York,
with more than four millions, has but two?
How comes that, sir; is there no such thing
as State rights? What tight have they to
maxe local law for Ohio? Why should New
York, with her four millions of people and
only two Senators on this floor, have her
local law made here by the votes of twelve
Seuators from New England, when all new
England has not a population equal to hers?
How is it that twelve votes shall be received
here from New England to make local law for
Missouri? In that local law New England
has no interest whatsoever, while that great
State, soon to have a population equal to that
of all of New England, and now with a pop-
ulation half as great, has but two Senators on
th is floor. What is it that gives this unequal
representation in the Senate but the doctrine
of State rights ; nay, sir, to go further, but the
doctrine of the oiiginal sovereignty of the
States? I am not complaining of this. I am
willing to stand by this inequality in the Sen-
ate of the United States so long as you stand
by the Constitution as its frainers intended it
to be. So long as you do not trample State
governments out of existence, so long as you
let local legislation be the subject of local
State law alone, so long as you do not inter-
fere and usurp the powers that properly belong
to the States, I greet with arms wide open the
