416
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 30,
IIo. of Reps.
Ku Klux Outrages—Mr. Cobum.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Britain and the United States? We have no secur-
ity from war; it is the skeleton in every national
household. The fact was made manifest in our own
late civil conflict, if never before, that war may be
precipitated upon a people almost without their
knowing it, in a republic as well as in a monarchy,
by avery few bad and wicked men on both sides,
who hold in their hands the powers of government.
The great question of pea.ee or war cannot await the
slow and delerred action of the popular will. The
question either when or whether it shall commence
is not a matter of negotiation. It is a question of
will, of necessity, ot finesse on the part of one or
both of the belligerents. The present aspect of our
foreign relations, if nothing else, should admonish
our rulers that it is all-important that we should
have peace at home before we engage in a war
abroad. It is preposterous to suppose that the
southern people would fight for us while we are
fighting them; nor can we expect them to battle for
our rights while we, by tyranny and oppression, are
depriving them of theirs. No people ever fought
willingly under a writ of habeas corpus suspended
against them.
"We believe the President has suspended this
great writ of the people, this bulwark of personal
liberty, for other than the high purposes which
should actuate the person clothed with the tran-
scendent powers of his office. We believe, we might
almost say we know, that nothing has transpired in
South Carolina since the passage ot the Ku Klux
law which can be the slighest justification of the
President in suspending the writ in the absence of
war and the clash of arms, spreading terror and dis-
may among whole musses of people guiltless of
crime."
While the Republican party has with a grand
philanthropy given millions—over thirteen
miilion dollars of supplies to the starving
whiter and blacks at the South ; while thou-
sands ot" Army horses, mules, and wagons
have been sold to them for little more than a
nominal price ; while their worn-out railroads
have been renewed and repaired and sold to
their former owners at credit for half price ;
while political power, relief from disabilities,
the right of suffrage and officeholding have
been granted to the bulk of the people lately
in rebellion; while their public sins have
been fieely forgiven, and the returning prodi-
gals welcomed back by the .Republican party,
what has the Opposition done but find fault,
sneer, stir up ill-feeling, rouse suspicion, and
befoul the noblest benevolence with bitter de-
traction? While the Republican party has
been putting out the flames of hate the Demo-
craiic party has been kindling them afresh,
and the whole political heaven has been lurid
for years by the baleful fires lighted by them.
But for them all would have been peace and
reconciliation; but for them the Ku Iilus
Klan, the Pale Faces, the Invisible Empire,
the Knights of the White Camelia, and kin-
dred orders would never have been in exist-
ence. But for the alarm, the suspicion, the
jealousy, the hostility, the madness begotten
by the Democratic party, the process of peace-
ful reorganization and reconstruction would
have gone on smoothly.
I venture now to say that the atrocities com-
mitted at the instigation of and for the ben-
efit of the Democratic party in the region of
reconstruction, and for the purpose of thwart-
ing it, are without auy parallel in the civilized
nations of modern timea. Had they all been
perpetrated and collected together in a coun-
try small m compass and with as few people
as the Scotch, or the Waldenses, or the Jews,
mankind would have stood appalled and sick
wiih horror at the spectacle. But these crimes
have been scattered over a country a thousand
miles in length, more than half that in width—
over a vast empire of territory ; have fallen upon
harmless, quiet, and obscure victims; in the
main have taken place at night, without wit-
nesses, committed by men m disguise, who
have eluded detection and exposure, who have
taken no open and bold position, who do noth-
ing to fasten proof of their guilt; and save
for thesmoking ruins, the stripes, tho wounds,
and the flying victims, or theii'ghastly corpses,
leave no mark or sign of their existence ; who
by stealth, in the silent midnight, in the lonely
wood, in the remote cabin, in the unsheltered
home of the sleeping poor man, strike their
most terrible blows; an organization sworn to
secrecy, to disguises, to deceit, to perjury, to
violence, and to cruelty, operating upon un-
suspecting and unprepared victims. Where
on earth among civilized men has such a thing
so monstrous, so frightful, so devilish, been
seen before ?
Where but among the Thugs of India, the
offspring of barbarism, oppression, corruption,
idolatry, continued for ages, has a parallel
been found? When tyrants desire to fill
their dungeons, they send out their emis-
saries in the face of men and gather up their
victims. When gloomy zealots in religion
would compel submission to their tenets, they
build their inquisitions and plan their instru-
ments of torture, or plant the stakes for their
martyrs in open day. When great warriors,
smitten by mad ambition, desire to appropri-
ate the wealth and power of their people, they
collect their forces, and in the eyes of mankind
perpetrate their schemes of robbery and rapine.
But here is a foe that clothes himself in the
habiliments of the grave, prowls like a ghost,
like a lost spirit from the world of the damned,
upon the paths of his victims, and, with the
cold cruelty, malignity, and ferocity of a fiend,
strikes his victims, strikes his neighbors,
strikes his friends, because his Klan or den
has voted that he shall; because his chief
has ordered it; because his victim votes a
different ticket; because he thinks the Repub-
lican party is a little better than the Demo-
cratic party; because he believes a colored
man is capable of voting or holding an office ;
bccause he thinks that a white man who has
tried to destroy his country may not be so
safely intrusted with power as a colored man
who has always been loyal; because in an
humble and quiet way he holds the truth to
be self-evident that a friend of the country
makes a better office-holder than an enemy;
or because he shows by his bearing that a
colored citizen is made in the image of God
and is entitled to the ordinary rights of man.
For these grave offenses, and such as these,
he must needs bear scourging, or banishment}
or death, or disfranchisement. If he will not
think, if he will not talk, if he will not vote
against the Democracy, he may live in peace.
But if he does, then he must be whipped into
submission, and his cruel persecutor, as an
excuse or paliation for his villainy, points
to a State debt of thirty or forty millions,
pleads insanity on account of its vast amount,
and has the effrontery to come into Congress
and claim that high taxes, extravagant ex-
penditures, and local mismanagement of the
finances, have put him and his friends on
horseback in disguise, and stung them to
madness, so that every abomination becomes
excusable and justifiable. This is the logic
of the Democracy.
But other causes have been assigned for the
origin and existence of these secret and mur-
derous orders. The negro, just freed by the
thirteenth amendment of the Constitution,
must be guarded against as an outlaw, and
must be compelled to work as a strolling va-
grant, and so the white man must organize
his friends and act as patrols, peace officers,
and public guardians. He is the State; he is
responsible for everything; he is still master;
he still does the thinking; he must eat; some
one else must work. So rose the Ku Klux to
regulate society and maintain order, peace,
and law, and with the scourge, dagger, pistol,
and torch, undertook to inaugurate a political
millennium.
These secret orders had another origin in
part. In 1866 and 1867 the white rebel ele-
ment in some of the southern States stayed
away from the polls with the express and
avowed object of defeating the reconstiuetiou
measures. When this failed and the work weut
on they resolved to prevent by violence Union
men from taking part in it. They must be
terrified until they abandoned their right of
suffrage or yielded its control to the white dic-
tators, who claimed all power. If they le-
sisted they must be tortured into submission ;
they must be Democrats or they must not
vote; they must not hold an office ; they must
not attend the polls; they must not go to
school; they must not worship God ; they must
not live unless they agreed to let the Demo-
crats control all things politically. The years
1868, 186a, 1870, and 1871 witnessed riots,
whippings, banishments, burnings, murders
in all the States recently in rebellion.
Hatred of their recent slaves for their newly-
made importance, hatred of Union men and
Union men's policy, distrust in the new order
of things, fear of and hostility to northern
men, called carpet-baggers, hostility to the
Union leagues in which the colored men
associated for protection against their recent
masters and oppressors, all combined, gave
vim and fearful force to these secret organ-
izations. These bitter passions culminated
in open fights, riots, and disturbances of a
dreadful and bloody nature in the counties
of Union and Chester, in South Carolina, in
Eutaw and Huntsville, Alabama ; in Meridian,
Mississippi ; in New Orleans, and all parts of
Louisiana, resulting in the aggregate in the
death of hundreds of unoffending people.
The whole power of reconstruction was
offered the grumblers who originaled these
secret, murderous orders. Tne fourteenth
amendment expressly gave them control, and
negro suffrage was a matter left entirely to
them for adoption or rfjection. They sullenly
refused to take part in politics; they would
not accept office when invited by the negroes;
they stood off growling and scoffing at the
best efforts of the friends of the Union to re-
store order ; they would not lend their aid to
accomplish that purpose, and now, filled with
rage and venom, undertake to pulldown and
ruin the work they once could have controlled
and perfected. Such men welcome the Ku
Klux, and believe that his instruments of
terror and torture are a better form of gov-
ernment than the structures erected by col-
ored men, scallawags, and carpet-baggers,
commonly known as patriotic Union citizens.
Had the leading men of the South, at the
close of the war, heaitily cooperated with the
Union men of the North in the work of recon-
struction, instead of listening to the bad ad-
vice and worse example of northern Demo-
crats, all the disorders and disasters com-
plained of would have been obviated. To
make political capital by a cheap and heart-
less expression of sympathy was the work of
a set ot blatant demagogues, who, when help
was needed by those southern men 111 then-
sore extremity, had not the courage to give it
in any substantial shape. They slunk away
into the midnight conclaves of the Sons of
Liberty and the Golden Circle while the rattle
of arms filled the air, and on the dawn of
peace sneaked out and began again the work
of detraction of the friends of the Union.
The only wonder is that the really brave men
ot the South have ever listened to the cravens
for one moment; that they have not spurned
them with their very feet as a set of barking
dogs who never bite.
I approach a review of the operations of the
Ku Klux Klan with a feeling of despair, so
numerous, so widespread, and so feariul are
they. The many volumes of testimony pub-
lished by the committee comprises a record of
infamy at which mankind will be shocked for
a thousand years to come. In the county of
York, in the State of South Carolina alone, as
reported by Colonel Merrill, who has had mili-
tary command there since the 26th of March,
1861. he estimates the number of cases of
whipping, beating, and personal violence of
