528
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
Senators from the smallest State of this Union ;
nay, I will take the Senators from Nevada
into my embrace, although their whole State
does not contain as many people as the little
city in which I live ; I will take them and wel-
come them here as long as yon leave to the
State governments that power which the fram-
ers of the Constitution intended they should
have, and which, in ray judgment, is essential
to the very existence of free institutions at all.
But if you will strike down that power, if you
will abolish local legislation, if you will anni-
hilate the States, if you will make them mere
departments of a centralized Government, if
you will make tliem the mere counties of a
great State, then I say to Senators the time will
come when that inequality in the Senate will
not be submitted to longer. I do not want to
see it. I want to see no such question raised.
I want to see the Constitution administered
in the spirit in which it was framed. I want
the General Government sufficiently strong
to protect us against all foreign aggression.
I want it to be sufficiently strong to protect us
in the enjoyment of peace in this country so
far as that function is devolved upon it by the
Constitution. I want to believe that, with all
its blessings, it will endure for all time to come,
if anything of earthly institution can so long
endure. But I do firmly believe that it is
precisely the institution ot State governments,
it is precisely the allotment of local legislation
to a local power, which enables this Republic
to spread itself from ocean to ocean, and from
the arctic zone down to the torrid. Strike that
out of it, strike its local self-governmentout of
the system, and it will go the way that all con-
solidated centralized Governments have gone
in all time past: first a despotism unendurable,
and next a rending into fragments more
numerous far than the States of this Union
now are.
Mr. President, I ask pardon of the Senate
for having occupied so much time, and most
unexpectedly, this morning. These are my
views, and I could not help expressing them.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I ask the
indulgence of the Senate a few minutes in
reply. This speech that we have heard about
the State governments being swallowed up,
about the General Government absorbing all
power, and about the despotism that is to come,
has been frequently heard in the swamps of
Indiana to which my t'riend referred, ltisthe
same old Democratic speech with which the
people are perfectly familiar in the swamps of
Indiana and everywhere else. The Senator
talks about State rights, but he expressed his
whole philosophy in a phrase that dropped
from him just before he concluded, '• the ori-
ginal sovereignty of the States." I tell the
Senator that as long as that doctrine is urged
upon this country, there will be those who
believe in the right of secession. I believe in
State rights. I hold that there are State lights
that are sacred and unapproachable. They
are conferred by the Constitution of the United
States, and they are safest under the protec-
tion of the nation, and the States have them
because the Constitution has so declared, and
not because of any original sovereignty. My
State is the offspring of the Republic; she
was carved out of territory that belonged to
the iiatiou; she was born of an act of Con-
gress; she never had any original sovereignty,
and but for that act of Congress she would
to-day be but a Territory. And yet the Senator
talks about the original sovereignty of Ohio
and Indiana. These States have lights because
the Constitution gave them to them ; the States
and the General Government both have rights;
they both derive them from the same fountain,
and one class of rights is just as sacred a3 the
other; but just as long as this old doctrine of
State sovereignty is urged upon the nation
there is no security against future rebellions.
The Senator says that it is absurd to talk
about the assumption of the rebel debt, or
pay for their slaves, or pensioning the rebel
soldiers; and he refers me to the fourteenth
amendment. Does it not present a strange
spectacle to the Senate that the Senator at-
tem pts to answer my argument by referring me
to the fourteenth amendment, when the great
body of his party to-day—he has not denied
it, and he will not deny it—are planted upon
the ground that the fourteenth and fifteenth
amendments were ratified by fraud and duress,
and are not binding upon the nation? There
is where his party stand: and yet he refers me
to the fourteenth amendment as an answer to
my argument! My argument is that when that
party come into power, if they ever should,
they will disregard thefourteenth and fifteenth
amendments. They will, if they are consist-
ent with themselves. Why, Mr. President, did
they not go to the country in 1868 upon the
invalidi'y of the fourteenth amendment, and
in 1870? And where is there a Democratic
Sta'e Legislature that has not so resolved ?
Mr. THURMAN Allow me to lemiud the
Senator that the fourteenth amendment was
not adopted in 1868, when the Democratic
convention met
Mr. MORTON. The fourteenth amendment
was ratified during 1868.
Mr. THURMAN. No, sir ; it has been rati-
fied since I came into the Senate, and I came
in on the 4th of March, 1869.
Mr. MORTON. My friend from Vermont
will look up the date. I am not mistaken in
the point that his party almost uniformly, not
entirely, but the great body of his party have
steadily denied that that amendment or the
fifteenth was binding upon the nation. The
Senator from Vermont says the final ratifica-
tion by Georgia was in July, 18G8, and I think
the proclamation carae out in 1868, before the
presidential election, if 1 am not mistaken.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It did.
Mr. MORTON. Then I am right all around.
Now, Mr. President, the Senator from Ohio,
with the position of his party undisguised and
undenied authoiizing me to say that if they
come into power they will trample upon both
these amendment^, yet undertakes to answer
my argument by referring me to the fourteenth
amendment!
He says he does not understand this Admin-
istration. Mr. President, the Democratic party
does not understand this Administration. They
do not understand the times in which they
live. They are like a man riding in the cars
backward, who never sees anything until he
has got clear by it. [Laughter ] The Dem-
ocratic party is not only incapable of reform-
ing itself, but is incapable ot' accepting a re-
form already made. And, talking about pay-
ment for their slaves, I undertook to show
how they would bring that thing about if they
came into power. They would do it by simply
refusing to vote money to pay the interest
upon our debt, to pay pensions to soldiers,
and thus they would compel the assumption
of the payment for their slaves in some form,
because they would then have the means in
their power.
Now, I desire to put another question. I
ask if the Democratic party of this nation is
not committed in principle and profession to
payment for their slaves? When Mr. Lincoln
issued his proclamation that set the slaves free,
I ask if it was not pronounced unconstitutional
by the Democratic party everywhere, in Con-
gtess and out of it? T ask if the Democratic
party is not committed, in Congress and out
of it, to the doctrine that the emancipation
proclamation was unconstitutional, and that it
was a great wrong inflicted upon the South?
They have so uniformly published it, and when
the Democratic party comes into power and
the southern wing says to the northern Democ-
racy, " Now, we want you to stand up to your
uniform professions; throughout the war you
said this was a fraud; you said it was uncon-
stitutional ; you said we were wronged out of
our slaves, if you believed what you said, if
you were honest, now that you have got
the power we ask you to make your words
good," I say to the country that the Demo-
cratic party is committed by its history for
nearly ten years, by its uniform professions on
that subject, to pay the South for the eman-
cipated slaves when it is placed in power.
Mr. President, the condition of the South
is bad enough. But who is chiefly responsible
for it? Why, sir, the Democratic party in 1868,
when they assembled in convention, resolved
as follows:
" And that we regard the reconstruction acts (so
called) of Congress, as such, as usurpations, and
unconstitutional, revolutionary, and void."
The Democratic party in convention assem-
bled in New York instructed the whole South
that the reconstruction acts were null and
void; and that they thereby had a right lo
resist them That was not put in the plat-
form, but that is the meaning of it. If those
acts were null and void, the people had a right
to resist them, and the Democratic party so
instructed the people of the South, and they
have acted upon that hypothesis ever since.
But, sir, the Senator from Misssouri, [Mr.
Blair,] who interrupted me awhile ago, was
placed upon that ticket on account of his dis
tinguished ability and of his influence before
the country. He was placed upon the ticket
in 1868 for the second ofiice, and before he
was placed upon that ticket he wrote a letter,
and it was upon the strength of that letter
chiefly that his nomination was brought about.
I ask the Secretary to read an extract from it.
Mr. BLAIR. If the Senator had not backed
out. from his speech of 1865, I think he would
have got my place on the ticket. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORION. I think not Does the
Senator know what my speech of 18G5 con-
tains? If he does, if he is not in ignorance
of it and has not simply taken some Demo-
cratic newspaper version of it, he would not
say what he does. I will tell him what it con-
tains. In the speech that I made in Septem-
ber, 1865, and which the Democracy have fre
quently alluded to because they wanted some-
thing with which to attempt to impugn my
position, I declared that I was in favor of uni-
versal suffrage, that I believed there was no
ground for distinction between white and black;
but 1 did say then that in view of the fact that
four millions of men had just been emancipated
and were generally withouteducation, 1 thought
they ought to have a period of probation in
which to prepare for citizenship, and I men-
tioned a period of from ti-n to fifteen yeats;
but I fully committed myself to the principle
of universal suffrage, as i have always done.
It so turned out that the South, acting under
the inspiration of the Democratic party in the
North, did not permit us to postpone the en-
franchisement of the colored people of the
South. We could not reconstruct upon the
basis of the white population.' We must have
a loyal basis upon which to reconstruct, and we
were compelled to enfranchise them at once,
and not wait for their education, aud so we did.
What I said in 1865 was the general position
of the Republican party at that time. The
Senator taunts me with it. I will remind him
that once upon a time he belonged to the Re-
publican party. He left that party. I will
not say that thereby he did the party a great
injury or conferred a great benefit. I leave it
to the country to determine which it was.
Mr. BLAIR. I will tell the Senator that, I
did leave the party, and I left it because of its
usurpations. I joined it when the whole party
could sit down to a dinner-table, and I left it
when it had power all over this country, to
join a party that was out of power. I remem-
ber that_ when the Senator delivered that
speech, it was thought that he was a very
appropriate person for Mr. Johnson's Cabinet
even. If the people of the South were misled
by anybody, they were as much misled by him
as by any one else, and by the teachings of
that speech of his.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator attributes a
