2320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
have a committee of conference as we form-
erly had on this question, referred the subject
to the Committee on Finance. The Commit-
tee on Finance, which originated the bill that
has given rise to this controversy, thought it
better to have a report from some committee
wh'ch had not already committed itself on the
question, and asked that it go to the Committee
on Privileges and Elections, certainly as ap-
propriate a one from, the character of the com-
mittee and the learning of its members, as can
be selected in the body ; and I think there can
be no apprehension of any precedent arising
from the case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The Chair under-
stood the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thurman]
to make a motion.
Mr. THURMAN. No, sir. Idonotobject
to the course suggested by my colleague, I
only call the attention of the Senate to what I
think will be the effect of this precedent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
question is on referring the resolution of the
House in regard to the action of the Senate on
the bill repealing the duties on tea and coffee,
to the Committee on Privileges and Elections,
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Mar-
shall M. Martin, praying compensation for prop-
erty destroyed by United States troops in 1865,
asked to be discharged from its further consid-
eration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 377) for the relief
of the legal representatives of the late George
T. Wiggins, of Keokuk, in the State of Iowa,
reported it with an amendment, and submitted
a report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. li. No. 1419) for the
relief of Michael F. Gannett, reported it with
an amendment.
Mr, HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of James A.
ITarrold, piaying compensation for property
destroyed by United States troops during the
late war, submitted an adverse report thereon ;
which was ordered to be printed, and the
committee were discharged from the further
consideration of the petition.
Mr. FRELINGHUrSEN, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 243) more fully to enforce the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of
the United States, reported adversely, and
moved its indefinite postponement; which was
agreed to.
He also,from thesame committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 303) to amend an
act approved February 28, 1795, and to author-
ize the President, at his discretion. t.o declare
martial law in certain cases, and for o'her
purposes, reported adversely, and moved its
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 226) for the pro-
tection of persons resident within the United
Srates against unlawful combinations and con-
spiracies, reported adversely, and moved its
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to,
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referied the bill (H. R. No. 320) to en-
force the provisions of the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
and for other purposes, reported adversely,
and moved its indefinite postponement; which
was agreed to.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. lam also directed
by the same committee, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No, 438) supplementary to an act
entitled " An aot to amend an act approved Jlay
81, 1870, entitled ' An act to enforce the rights
<}f citizens of the United States to vote i  the
several States of this Union, and for other
purposes,' " passed February 28, 1871, to re-
port it without amendment, and I should like
to have it considered now. I ask for its present
consideration.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Let it be
read for information first.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. BLAIR. I object to the consideration
of that bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the bill cannot now be considered;
it will be placed on the Calendar.
Mr. WINDOM, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 2032) for the relief of John H. McQuown,
of Illinois, reported it without amendment, and
submitted a report thereon ; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H, R, No. 1420)
for the relief of F. and E. Reed, of Bath,
Maine, reported it without amendmeut.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No, 569) for the relief
of Thomas B. Wallace, of Lexington, in the
State of Missouri, reported it with amend-
ments, and submitted a report thereon; which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 526) for the relief
of Ambrose Morrison, reported it with amend-
ments,
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia, from the
Committee on Claims, to whom were referred
thememorialofDr, Charles T. Jackson, of Bos-
ton, praying compensation for the discovery
and introduction of anesthetic ether, and
also a similar petition of Dr, W. T. G. Mor-
ton, reported adversely thereon, and asked to
be discharged from their further considera-
tion ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R, No. 752) to appro-
priate to Henry Clay Williams a sum of money
found due him in the adjustment of his ac-
counts, reported it without amendment,
Mr. BLAIR, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 161) to reduce the area of the military
reservation at FortSanders, in the Territory of
Wyoming, and providing for the survey of said
reservation as reduced, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
835) for the relief of Mrs. Cecilia Barr. widow
of rt'illiam Barr, reported it without amend-
ment, and submitted a report thereon ; which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2053) author-
izing the nomination and appointment to the
retired list of the Navy of certain volunteers
on the active list of the Navy who are dis-
abled in consequence of wounds received
during the late war, reported it with an amend-
ment.
BI0IIABD B. CRAWFORD.
Mr. EDMUNDS submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference ordered by the
House m the matter of the disagreeing votes of the
two llouses in relation to the bill (H. R. Ho. 622)
granting a pension to Richard B. Crawford, after a
lull and free conference, recommends that theHouse
rcccite irom its disagreement to the Senate amend-
ment and concur in said amendment.
GEO. F. EDMUNDS,
D. D. PEAXT,
. ELI SAULSB0BY,
Uomm^ttee on the part of the SenaU.
J. II. MOORE,
£. D. PHOK,
. OOUN T. BIRD,
Committee on the part, of the House.
The report was concurred in.
PENSION TO JIA118AHKT NYC15.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to say, while this
particular subject is up, that the other day in
my absence, and in that of the other gentle-
men, I believe, of the Committee on Pensions,
a House bill granting a pension to a Mrs. Nyee
was taken from the table on its reception and
passed without any reference. I find that that
House bill grants arrears of pension as well
as a pension, the merits of which no commit-
tee of this body knows anything about. _ I
merely wish to remark to the Senate that if
the Committee on Pensions had been present
and had known that the bill contained any
provision for arrears, they would have, oi
course, taken the sense of the Senate upon it,
because the Senate has at this session and
before constantly upheld the committee in
refusing to grant arrears of pensions ; and it
puts the committee and the Senate itself in a
somewhat embarrassing jiosition to find that,
by favor or some other influence, some peo-
ple can get arrears of pension while others
cannot. 1 am assured by the Senator who
had the bill passed that he was entirely un-
aware of the fact that it contained any such
provision. I only mention it to call attention
to the want of security in passing bills the
moment they are received without examina-
tion or reference.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish simply to say that
I called up that bill, a very worthy case, grant-
ing a pension to a lady who 1 was informed by
a colleague in the other House was that day
on her eighty-second birthday. I did not
examine to see whether it gave her a pension
from the date of the introduction of the bill.
What was the date?
Mr, EDMUNDS. I do not know ; about
two years ago, I understood.
Mr. SHERMAN. It gave her back pen-
sion for two years. Undoubtedly slie was
entitled to a pension on the statement made to
me, and the bill passed the House; but I
desire to say that if my attention had been
called to the fact that it antedated the pen-
sion, I should myself have proposed an amend-
ment, so that the bill would have conformed in
that respect to the very proper action of the
Senate on that subject.
DUTY OS KDSSIA HEMP.
Mr. BAYARD. The other day the Senate
gave leave to the minority of the Committee
on Finance to submit their views dissenting
from the report of the majority, as contained
in report of committee No. 87, reporting ad-
versely on the petition of importers of Boston
and New York "for refund of duties exacted
on certain importations of Russia hemp in
violation of treaty stipulations between the
empire of Russia and the United States." I
desire to submit those views and ask to have
them printed,
I will also remark that the question is one
of exceeding interest and importance, and so
far as I am aware in Congress is one of new
impression as to the apparent conflict of duty
of the citizen between his obligation of obedi-
ence to a treaty made with a friendly Power
and a subsequent law which, unintentionally
no doubt, was considered an infringement of
those treaty stipulations. An admission has
been made by the.Sen ate and by Congress that
the act of 1861 imposing an increased duty on
Russia hemp was an infringement of the treaty
stipulation made in 1832. The President of
the United States, in his message in 1869.
recommended an amendment of the law, and
Congress acting upon it, under, as I think,
the unanimous report of the Committee on
Finance in 1870-——
_ Mr._ MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
is entirely mistaken. There never was a unan-
imous report.
Mr. BAYARD. The report certainly was
concurred in by the present chairman of the
Committee on Finance, and was made by Mr.
Williams, of Oregon, the present Attorney
General. If any one did dissent from it, it
was my honorable friend from Vermont, and
