1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
821?
into the Treasury. But, they say it will be all
right to take it all off coal and salt and those
things which are produced by the industry of
the country. Why? Because, forsooth, some-
body in this country produces those things, and
therefore they get not a direct benefit, but an
incidental benefit therefrom. And I suppose
that gentlemen on the other side, if anybody
should be unlucky enough in California or
elsewhere to find out how they could raise tea
and coffee so as to supply the amount demanded
for the consumption of this country, upon their
theory would be in favor of striking the eutire
duty from tea and coffee because some rascal
or other had been wicked enough to invent a
plan by which those articles could be produced
here, and therefore they would be benefited by
it; he would be a monopolist, and therefore
they must hunt him out of the country be-
cause he is getting what be had no business to
have. To my mind there is no nonsense that
can beat that. But, as I said before, I do not
desire to discuss this question of tariff at, large.
I merely want to say a word or two about salt.
As to the remarks of the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Finkelnburg] in regard to the
statistics from the State of Michigan, I must
say that, with the one-sided wrong-headedness
of all those gentlemen upon that side of this
question, he could not state the facts as they
were. With these statistics right before him
he deliberately deceived the committee. He
said that they showed that only a certain per
cent, of the production of salt was labor, and
then he quoted a single item, which is simply
the labor in boiling salt. But look at the re-
mainder of the items going to make up the
cost of this article. I submit that even a free-
trader ought to be able to state a thing as it is ;
but unfortunately men of that class very rarely
are.
Here are the statistics to which the gentle-
man referred. The first is the cost of the
brine, which is largely labor, but not entirely,
for in it is embraced the capital which went to
sink the wells; but it consists largely of the
labor employed for that purpose, and the
pumping of the brine, for which laborers are
constantly employed. So that a large share
of the cost of the brine, which is here marked
at thirteen per cent., is labor. Then comes
the cost of the fuel, fifty nine per cent, in
1866, forty-one per cent, in 1867, thirty-eight
per cent, in 1868, thirty-nine per cent, in 1869,
and thirty-one per cent, in 1870. What is
fuel? Why, sir, it is almost entirely labor.
At Sagi naw, whence these statistics come, the
fuel employed is wood. It is cut in the forests
and brought there. The wood as it stands in
the forests at a distance from Saginaw is worth
scarcely anything at all. The farmers fre-
quently cut down the trees and burn them upon
the ground. The cost of fuel, therefore, is
labor, and almost entirely labor. The cost
of barrels is stated at thirty-six per cent.
Now, according to the gentleman from Mis-
souri, there is no labor in barrels ; but accord-
ing to my idea a barrel is all labor. Then
there is the cost ot inspection. Inspectors
have to be employed and paid. There is labor
in that. Then there is the cost of repair of
kettles and other materials. This item is ten
per ceut. 1 wonder whether there is any
labor in that.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr BECK. Mr. Chairman, in April, 1871,
this House voted to make salt free. At this
sessioik the Committee of Ways and Means,
believing, as they did, in other cases, that per-
haps some protection was necessary, determ-
ined to report the duty at eight and twelve
insWad of eighteen and twenty-four. The
minority of the committee reported in favor
°f fixing the duty at nine and twelve, but the
®pjority, following in this matter the action
°1 the Senate, fixed the figures at eight and
twelve. It seems to me that the present at-
tempt to increase the duty beyond the recom-
42d Gong. 2d Sess.—No. 202.
mendations of the majority or the minority of
the Committee of Ways and Means and beyond
the duty fixed by the Senate ought not to
prevail. As has been said already, our rec-
ommendation leaves the duty over one hun-
dred per cent.
The gentlemen engaged in carrying on this
manufacture have resorted to all sorts of de-
vices in the endeavor to show some necessity
for the protection they ask. The gentleman
from West Virginia [Mr. Hereford] has made
some complaint on this subject; but it was
stated before our committee, it has been pub-
lished as a fact by Mr. Wells, formerly spe-
cial Commissioner of Revenue, and 1 believe it
to be a fact, that the Ohio consolidated com-
panies have rented the Kanawha salt works
at a rent of $75,000 a year, in order to close
them up, because those works can make salt
cheaper than it can be made anywhere else,
the reason being that not only the salt water, but
the gas to boil it is immediately at hand.
Hence, those combined companies rent those
works at $75,000 a year that they may be able
to keep up their prices by closing up those
works. And it was proved before the com-
mittee that a contract was entered into between
the Onondaga Salt Company of New York
and the Goderich company of Canada, whereby
certain tracts of country were to be given up
to the Canadian company and certain other
tracts to the Syracuse men, uniform charges
being fixed by agreement, in order to keep up
the present high prices of salt. The letter
which was produced before the committee by
Mr. Hawley, who was himself interested in
the manufacture of salt, is as follows:
Syracuse, New York, August, 14,1871.
Dear Sir : The letters of Messrs. Coleman and
Hansford of the 9th instant, and yours of the 10th
instant, have been duly received and contents noted.
The verbal arrangement entered into between
your committee and this company, when they were
here a few days since, was substantially as follows :
It was understood that with the exception of two
thousand barrels, which you had already agreed to
ship to Mr. Shaw at Milwaukee, you should allow
none of your salt to be sent into our western mar-
kets ; in consideration of which we were to hold no
inducements to Canada parties to purchase from us.
This we have done in good faith, and_ we do not
believe one barrel of our salt has gone into Canada
since your committee was here. We ha.ve had num-
erous applications from parties at Hamilton, To-
ronto, Kingston, and other points, and could have
placed a large quantity of salt in your markets had
we been disposed to discriminate . n price ; but we
have in all cases refused to make any concessions
from our home prices in any case. As soon as the
arrangement was made we put the price at $1 95 at
Buffalo and Oswego, have since advanced it to two
dollars, and it is now held firmly at the last-named
price.
We shall continue this policy (which, so far as we
are concerned, gives you all of the Canada market)
so long as you carry out the agreement on your
part. But if there should be any influx of your salt
into our western markets, we should be compelled
in self-defense to open our ports to the Canadian
trade at such prices as would insure us the sale of a
much larger quantity of our salt than you could
expect to dispose of in the western markets now
supplied by us. We should have been glad to have
taken some ot j-our salt and disposed of it for your
account at Milwaukee and Chicago (as suggested by
your committee) had such a course been at all pos-
sible; but in the present state of these markets it
would have been impossible to do so without utterly
demoralizing prices and reducing them to absolute
ruinous rates. The facts are that the western mar-
kets are very largely overstocked, and will continue
so during ttie present year. Our company have now
about one hundred thousand barrels ljing at the
ports of Buffalo and Oswego awaiting orders for
shipments. All of our lake stations are also full to
overflowing, and we have scarcely room for a ca.rgo
of salt at any lake port at the present moment. The
Saginaw and Ohio river manufacturers are in the
same situation. With this state ol things it is not
difficult to foretell what efiect any addition to the
present surplus from outside parties would have
upon the market.
Trusting that you may deem it for your interest
to keep your salt within your own borders we
agreeing to keep your entirely out of your market,
we remain, yours truly, „
J. W. BARKER, Secretary.
Thomas Short, Esq., President, Goderich, Ontario.
These are the means resorted to to induce
us to keep up a tariff of one hundred and
thirty-nine and six tenths per cent, upon salt.
In 1861 the tariff upjn salt was only four I
cents a bushel. We propose to make it
eight cents per hundred pounds. In this
artiole, as in many others, the manufacturers
are seeking to continue a high duty, although
the internal taxes which induced the imposi-
tion of that high tariff have been removed.
Why not return at least to the tariff of 1861,
which was four cents a bushel? We have
made it in this bill eight cents per hundred
pounds, a bushel being, as I understand, fifty-
six pounds; so that the duty we propose is
higher than the tariff of 1861.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I wish to say, gentle-
men complain of our action in reference to
the internal revenue provisions of this bill
which will come up hereafter and be consid-
ered in their proper place. Gentlemen com-
plain we have not done justice in the internal
revenue part of this bill. I say we have re-
.dueed taxes on tobacco $6,000,000 and have
made those taxes uniform, gratifying in that
respect the wishes of everybody. We have
taken off the penalties compelling men to pay
$500 fine and imprisoning them for six months.
Wherever we have found anything which looked
like a job or anything which looked like an
outrage in the internal revenue bill, we have
stricken it out. Wherever we have been told
of an outrage or a wrong in the internal
revenue system, we have provided the remedy
as far as it was possible to do so. We have
endeavored honestly and fairly to protect every
man in every business so that he may carry
it on successfully. We have removed all ob-
structions from any business of whatever char-
acter. These complaints, therefore, have no
foundation in fact.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DUNNELL. Mr. Chairman, I propose
to occupy but a few minutes during this dis-
cussion of the tariff, no matter how long it
may continue. I have discovered thus far, in
the speeches made before the bill was taken
up and since then, a good deal of the selfish
enters into this discussion.
There are certain things herein enumerated
which are of interest to my constituents. I
believe with the gentleman from Illinois that
salt should be on the free list. I have ever
believed that the necessaries of life should be,
all of them, just as far as possible, on the free
list, and be put on that list as promptly as pos-
sible. I do not believe there is a single article
which should go on the free list any quicker
than the article of salt. It is true it is of
prime necessity. Mr. Chairman, it should be
recollected that this article in the farming
district which I have the honor to represent
is an article needed at every fireside, on every
table, on every farm. It cannot be got along
without.
Now, it should be recollected by gentlemen
in the House that this article to us is an
article almost of luxury. It is both a neces-
sity and a luxury. The high cost of transport
ation we have to submit to brings salt to a
high figure in the State 1 have the honor in
part to represent. Therefore I insist my con-
stituents ask of me this article be placed oh
the free list.
I do not believe for a moment, Mr. Chair-
man, that salt needs protection. It does_ not
need any bonus; it calls for no protection;
it does not need it; it can live alone; it is
an industry which does not call for it. What
we should do is to make the tariff in the inter-
est of the masses. Whatever we may say about
statistics, the wealth of the nation is in the
strong arms and hands of the laboring masses
of the country, and our statistics for years to
come will witness, not as to our splendid
diplomacy and legislation, but to the strong
men who work upon the soil and in the work-
shops of the country.
We cannot neglect the farming interests of
the country. \V e have no manufactories in
my State. We are an agricultural State almost
entirely for the present. The articles of iron
