1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
I was not aware that he did. The proceedings
in the Globe will show that Mr. Williams made
the report of the majority ; that he made it
accompanied by a bill for the relief of the par-
ties supposed to be injured ; that the honora-
ble Senator from Ohio, the chairman of the
committee, while assenting to the fact that the
law of 1801 had unintentionally worked an
infringement of treaty stipulations, yet never-
theless did not accede to the proposition that
a citizen of the United States had a remedy
under it for that infringement. I was not
aware that the honorable Senator at that time
dissented from the report.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Always.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not think that the
record shows thathe did. But what I desire
at present to_ say is that Congress did recog-
nize at that time by its action in amending the
tariff laws that imposed this increased duty
upon Russia hemp, that the act of 1861 was
in violation of treaty stipulations. That fact
being admitted as a premise, it seems to me
there is a plain and important duty upon the
American Congress as a sequence, and that is
that if your citizen has obeyed your treaty
stipulation, which by the terms of the Consti-
tution is equally with our other laws the
supreme law of the land, he should be pro-
tected from the consequences of conflicting—
unintentionally perhaps, butconflicting—legis-
lation upon matters touching his interests.
That is really the principle which I desire to
see vindicated, and it is in furtherance of that
that the honorable Senator from New York
[Mr. Fexton] and myself have joined in these
views, which we ask to have printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Before the
views of the minority are received I desire to
suggest to my friend from Delaware whether
it would not be proper, as it is a mere matter
of courtesy that minority reports are ever
received at all, that this report, like the major-
ity report, should be read in committee? I
desire to know what there is in that minority
report before it is submitted. The majority
report has been read. I presume the Senator
will have no objection. I should like to hear
the minority report read in committee. I do
not know what there may be in it.
Mr. BAYARD. As the points of our dif-
ference were quite well understood, as the
Senator has been dissenting from the proposi-
tions urged by me in committee and also in
the Senate, and as it was understood that we
went on the basis of the prior report made by
the then Senator from Oregon, Mr. Williams,
as we had really followed on the basis of the
doctrines laid down by him, and as that report
was in print and in possession of the honor-
able Senator from Vermont, it did not occur to
me that the Senator would care to have them
submitted to the committee formally; but if
he does wish to see them before they are
printed, X will withdraw them with pleasure
and hand them to him for his inspection.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think it
would be right and proper on all occasions
that the views of the minority should be first
presented to the committee; and I will say,
while I am up, on this question, that I regard
it as proper, when a minority have views
differing from those of the majority, that they
should always be presented to the committee.
At the same time, if they desire to make a
report, upon making that desire known to the
committee I think it no more than courtesy
on the part of the majority of the committee
that they should wait until the minority views
are ready ; and in this case I certainly desire
to see what there may be in this report before
it is presented.
Mr. BAYARD. If this had been the first
time that the position of the minority had
been brought to the notice of the committee,
I should have been more strict in submitting
these views to the majority of the committee;
but as we have followed upon a track marked
42D Cong. 2D SESS.—NO. 146.
out for us by what was two years ago the action
of the majority of the committee, I did not
suppose there would be anything novel in
what we said now; bat I ask leave to with-
draw these views, in order that the Senator
from Vermont may inspect them, and I will
present them to-morrow.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That will be
entirely satisfactory.
Mr. FENTON. I have not heard this dis-
cussion. It will be remembered, however, by
the Senate that a statement was made by the
Vice President then in the Chair that the
minority of the committee should have the
privilege of submitting their views at any time
in the form of a report. I suppose there is
no question about that, and do not see why there
is objection now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the Senator from Delaware to
withdraw the paper which was presented by
him.
_ Mr. BAYARD subsequently presented the
views of the minority of the Committee on
Finance; and they were received and ordered
to be printed.
^-"Amendments to appropriation bills.
Mr. WILSON submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill (II.
R. No. 1191) making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending June 30,
1873, and for other purposes; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSTON submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill (H.
R. No. 1541) making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending June
30, 1873, and for other purposes ; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
burnt-out homestead settlers.
Mr. HOWE. There is on the table a bill
for the relief of those who were bnrned out in
the fires which prevailed in Michigan, Minne-
sota, and Wisconsin last fall, which does not
take any money from the Treasury, does noth-
ing but extend the time to those who are set-
tlers under the homestead law to rebuild their
houses which were consumed by those fires,
and extends the time about one year to make
the payment for their claims. It has been re-
ported favorably by the Committee on Public
Lands, and I ask the Senate to consider it this
morning.
There being no objection, the Senate, as iu
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 546) relative to home-
stead settlers burned out in the States of Min-
nesota, Wisconsin, and Michigan. The pream-
ble recites that fires in extent unparalleled in
the history of the country burned through
the newly settled parts of the States of Min-
nesota, Wisconsin, and Michigan, during the
autumn of the year 1871. whereby many home-
stead settlers lost their dwellings and all of
their personal property, and many were burned
to death, and many others were so much
burned as to disable them from labor for the
present winter, and are unable to rebuild and
occupy their lands within a period of six
months after the fires had driven them from
their homestead. The bill therefore provides
that all such persons occupying homestead
claims under the laws of the United States
on lands of the United States, and the heirs
of such persons who were burned to death,
who were burned out in the year 1871 in the
States of Minnesota, Wisconsin, and Michigan,
shall have until the 1st day of January, 1873,
to rebuild on and reoccupy their homestead
lands; and that when the homestead claim-
ants shall prove up their claims, such period
of time until the 1st day of January, 1873,
shall be included in the five years' time which
they were required by law to reside on the
lands, in the same manner as if the homestead
claimant had actually resided thereon during
that period of time. In all cases where the
person having a homestead claim under the
laws of the United States, in the States of
Minnesota, Wisconsin, and Michigan, shall
have been burned to death t>? perished from
the effects of such firOs, it is to be lawful for
the heirs or the guardian of any children which
may have survived the fires, or the administra-
tor of the estate of the deceased homestead
claimant, to prove up the claim before the
register of the land office of the proper dis-
trict, and upon proof of the occupation and
residence of the homestead claimant, np to
the period of go being burned out, a patent
is to be issued to the heir or heirs, or guard-
ian for the use of the heir, or administrator
for the use df the estate, in the same manner
as if the homestead claimant had resided
thereon for five years.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
j amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and read the third time.
Mr. RAMSEY. A suggestion has just been
made to me by my colleague to which I think
the attention of the Senator from Wisconsin
ought to be invited. Ought not this bill to
include also preemptors who are unable to
comply with their engagements on account of
the fires?
Mr. WINDOM. It occurs to me that relief
is more demanded for preemptors than for
homestead settlers, because they are required
to pay for the lands.
Mr. POMEROY. Preemptors are nearly
all changed to homesteaders. The law allows
a preemptor to change his application from a
preemption to a homestead. There is no
expense in that, and they have nearly all
changed.
Mr. RAMSEY. Not in all cases probably.
Certainly the preemption laws are in force.
Mr. LOGAN. Suppose you insert " or pre-
emptor?"
Mr. WINDOM. If preemptors prefer to
pay the Government the money, we have no
objection. We ought rather to invite that.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to call the attention
of the Senator from Minnesota to the fact that
if this bill shall be amended it will require
considerable care. My attention was called
to it. I had a desire to relieve the preemptors
in the Territory of Dakota; cases of great
merit. The Senator from Kansas [Mr. Pome-
roy] has a bill affecting the rights of pre-
emption, and I suggest now to the Senators
from Minnesota that the object which they
wish to meet will be much better met in that
bill by simply inserting the name of the State
• or Territory that it is to apply to. It will
go much better there than here. If made
to apply to this bill you have to change the
machinery of the whole bill.
Mr. WINDOM. I prefer that it should be
in the other bill unless we are precluded from
passing that by passing this, in the estimation
of certain gentlemen.
Mr. HAMLIN. No; the other is a distinct
class of cases, and have as much merit as
these. I have no doubt that bill will receive
the unanimous support of the Senate.
The bill was passed.
HARRY B. CLOUD.
Mr. LOGAN. The Committee on Military
Affairs have instructed me to report a bill (S,
No. 946) to remove the charge of desertion
against Harry B. Cloud from the records and
give him an honorable discharge, and I ask
for its passage now. I will say that it is a
meritorious bill. I can read a statement in
regard to it, but it would take some time. I
am sure there will be no objection.
The bill was read twice.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hava
that explained. I suppose it amounts to a
proposition to pay this gentleman an amount
of money.
