530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
will still be exceptions enough here to require
. ^umerops special bills hereafter,) let us look
where we shall end if we allow ourselves to
.consider this amendment and pass upon it as
an amendment to this bill. If it be right, if
it be.syithui the power of the Senate to con-
sider, this amendment and in the end pass it by
a twQ-thirds vote, then when the constitutional
amendment offered by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts to limit the presidential term to one
term of four years shall be considered, it will
be just as applicable there, and may be put
upon that amendment as properly as it can
here. It matters not whether it, be in the form
of a concurrent resolution or of a bill; it is as
applicable there. The argument is just as
strong in the one case as in the other; and I
use that illustration for the purpose of direct-
ing, the attention of the Senate to where it will
lead us. Suppose, then, it were attached to
that amendment instead of to this bill, what
are the consequences? First, you pass this
by the requisite two thirds. Then you have
blended together a measure which does- not
require the executive sanction and a measure
w.hieh does require it. The amended civil
rights bill canuot become a law until the Pres-
ident, has approved it, and you then send it
to him, and what do you place in hia power?
You place it in his power to veto the proposed
amendment, to which the Constitution does not
require his assent.
Mr. EDMONDS. This isnota proposition
to amend the Constitution of the United States.
It is a proposition to pass a law.
.Mr. SCOTT. I am aware of that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And I ask my friend to
demonstrate, if he can. how it is that this bill
without the amendment, passed just as the
House passed it, does not require executive
approval?
Mr. SCOTT. I am not demonstrating at all
that it does not require executive approval;
but 1 am arguing that if it he proper to con-
sider this as an amendment to this bill, which
is the subject of a specific and exceptional
provision m the Constitution of the United
States, you can just as well attach it to a joint
resolution to amend the Constitution ot the
United States, and once attached all the con-
sequences follow which I now proceed to point
out.
The first is, that, by incorporating a legis-
lative piovisiou with one of this character
you permit the Executive to veto a measure
to which his assent is not required.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Allow me to ask my
friend this question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Pennsylvania yield?
Mr. SCOTT. Certainly. Truth is my object,
aud I am glad to have the aid of the Senator
in arriving at it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask in the best spirit
and for information. My friend says this would
be just like attaching this amendment to a
proposition to amend the Constitution of the
United States, if I understand him. Now, let
it|e ask him whether there is not a distinction
.between this proposition, which is a law, and
a proposition to amend the Constitution, which
is not a law, but which is submitted to the
States for their approval, which have not the
power of vetoing acts of Congress, which have
.not the power of making national laws? And
is there not^ a pretty wide distinction between
loading a bill, to use my friend's expression,
which may require executive sanction and
requires two thirds to pass it, with something
that less thai} two thirds may pass, and putting
an act of legislation upon a proposition which
is sent out from the law-making power to the
several States for their consideration?
Mr. SCOTT. There is a distinction between
the character of the two measures, but there
is no distinction, whatever as to either the pro-
priety of doing it or the power of doing it in
the Senate. Both are laws; both are intended
to become laws. But, I simply wish to pro-
ceed with this analogy forthe purpose of calling
the attention of the Senate and of the country
to the entire incongruity of this mode of legis-
lation, which of itself ought to settle the ques-
tion at once of considering this amendment,
and to induce the Senate, as I think, to take
up and pass separately the measures, each of
which, from the expressions already made in
the Senate, seems to have friends enough to
pass it, and both of which are likely to be
defeated by this very mode of legislation.
I have already said that if you do this, you
give to the Executive the power of the veto
upon a measure to which his assent is not
required. Butitmay be auswered, "Thatwill
be futile, because when a bill is passed by two
thirds, if the Executive were to veto it, it
would come back, and the same two thirds
wonld pass it over his veto." Very well;
suppose the argument would hold, that Con-
gress would adhere to its opinions,- notwith-
standing the objections of the President, what
then? You have incorporated in a proposi-
tion to amend the Constitution of the United
States, which ean have no validity until it is
ratified by three fourths of the States, a meas-
ure of ordinary legislation, and as the amend-
ment partakes of the character of the original
measure, it must go along with the propo-
sition to amend the Constitution of the United
States and be acted upon by three fourths of
the Legislatures of the States before it becomes
a law. Thus you are not only sending down
a legislative measure for the approbation of.
the Legislatures of the several States, but you
have actually a legislative measure which has
passed through all the stages that the Con-
stitution requires to make it a law; passed
by both Houses by the requisite number of
votes, vetoed, by the President, and passed
again by two thirds over his veto, and yet it is
not a law. Now, then, you have it before
the Legislatures of the States, and they must
determine whether the merits of this con-
stitutional amendment are so great that to
obtain it they will cominitthe absurdity of in-
corporating into the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States a measure which defines crimes and
imposes specific lines and penalties and gives
civil rights, and in which they fix the amount
of damages. That is what you will be driven
to. 'Then, if the Legislatures of the States
ratify it in that form, you have the anomaly
of a legislative measure incorporated into the
Constitution of the United States, which you
cannot repeal. You must again send it down
to the States or call a conventiou for the pur-
pose of getting rid of a fine or penalty, or
increasing the damages if they are too little,
or reducing them if they are too much.
These, Mr. President, are simply illustra-
tions of what this leads to if we encourage or
adopt this mode of legislation. Having risen
mainly to speak to this point, I desire further
to say, that some few sentiments have been
expressed by the Senator from Indiana which
I am not certain were addressed to me, for I
was engaged when he commenced his speech.
As he was looking in this direction, I was
uncertain whether they were addressed to me
or the Senator from Maryland.. As, however,
upon a previous occasion, I made use of the
remark that I was "almost ready for universal
amnesty," I take this occasion to express again
what I did intend to say upon that occasion,
if I did not say it. The "almost" which I
put in that sentence was not prompted by any
difficulty that I had in regard to the Consti-
tution ot the United States, but, I must con-
fess, by tkat kind of a constitutional difficulty
suggested the othej day by the Senator from
Nevada [Mr. Use] it was a difficulty in my
own constitution.
1 have not yet arrived at the point at which
I am willing to vote for universal amnesty, for
while I did express the opinion that if uni-
versal amnesty were granted, aud the southern
people were so blind as to send Jefferson Davis
here, it would do their cause more injury
than it would ours, yet I am hardly willing to
give them the opportunity, and very frank to
confess that I find the difficulty in my own
constitution pretty hard to get over.
But, sir, 1 did not advocite universal am-
nesty. I advocated the bill as it stood; and,
moreover, I advocated and voted for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Mor-
tos,J not for the narrow purpose as was as-
serted here of simply excluding from this
Chamber one marj whose case it met, but for
the broader purpose of saying to those south-
ern communities whose flagrant offense has
been their open disregard of law, their want
of subordination to supreme authority, that
there sbeuld be no encouragement given by
the Congress of the United States to those
who, in open disregard of a constitutional pro-
vision, elected men whom they knew to be
disqualified by that Constitution. It was the
broad lesson that I wished to inculcate, and
not to send a barbed shaft to strike a single
victim. I could not vote for the amendment
upon any such principles. I voted for other
amendments for the reason that 1 desired the
bill to be right. I did not vote for those amend-
ments as I believe no, I will not say I believe,
but as 1 was led to conjecture that the other
amendment was voted for.
Now, let me turn for a few moments to that
fact, for it escaped me, as illustrating further
the danger of adding this amendment to this
bill. When the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts was fhst proposed, I, as i
usually do, endeavored to find how the Judi-
ciary Committee was voting upon this bill, for
it was a measure which would eminently be-
long to the consideration of that committee.
I found, if I am not mistaken, the Senator
from New Jersey [Mr. Frelixghdysex] vot-
ing for that amendment; I found the Senator
from New York [Mr. Coskung] voting for
it; I found the Senator from Wisconsin, now
in the chair, [Mr. Carpenter,] voting for it.
I had not had time to examine it. It had not
been referred to a committee, or, if it bad
been referred at a previous session, it had been
reported adversely. But, to my surprise, in" a
short time after this amendment had been thus
voted for, and frequently, I saw the Senator
from New Jersey, a member of the Judiciary
Committee, rise in his place, and he, h.ving
evidently given some consideration to the b;li,
punctured it through and through, so as to
convince its author that it was not only utterly
impracticable but in disregard entirely of the
provisions of the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all.
Mr. SCOTT. Then I supposed the argu-
ment had gone further than it really went with
my friend from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator makes a
strong supposition.
Mr. SCOTT. I supposed when the Senator
from New Jersey pointed out the fact that a
Federal eourt was required to decree and carry
out its decree enforcing the forfeiture of a
charter granted by a State to a corporation,
that argument at least had been acquiesced in
by the Senator from Massachusetts, and that
he withdrew the objectionable provision on
that ground; but let the ground be what it
may, whether simply of legislative expediency
or o f con sti tn tio n al difficulty, thedefeeta were so
glaring that the Senator from Massachusetts,
with^ the candor and fairness characteristic
of him, came into the Senate and amended
his bill to meet those objections.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator allow me
to say that 1 did not regard the defects as
glaring at all? I think that the bill as origin-
ally drawn was in all respects tenable; but*I
was peifectly willing to receive a suggestion
made in the friendly spirit of the suggestion
from the Senator from New Jersey; and I
