2822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
Mr. LOGAN. Not at all; I will state the
facts. This young man served in the Ariay
about ten years. When the volunteer service
was over he joined the regulars. _ At Mont-
gomery, Alabama, as he states himself, un-
conscious of what he was doing, he deserted,
and was gone several days, and then reen-
listed. He thought he could avoid giving him-
self up to be tried for desertion "by reenlisting
and serving in the Army. A short time ago
he was arrested as a deserter for that desertion,
although he was still in the Army. Under
these circumstances he asks that that, charge
of desertion be removed; and we think it is
proper that it should be done. He served
faithfully, and there is no charge against him
on record except this one.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection.
The bill was considered as in Committee of
the Whole by unanimous consent.
The bill was reported to the Senate witlwut
amendment, ordered to be engrossed tor a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
bills introduced.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The morn-
ing hour has expired, and the Indian appro-
priation bill is now before the Senate. The
Chair will state that the Senator from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Cameron] gave notice that he
would call up at this hour the French spolia-
tion bill.
Mr. KELLOGG-. I ask the Senator from
Pennsylvania to allow me to introduce a
bill.
Mr. CAMERON. I will give way for morn-
ing business.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN (by request)
asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave to introduce a bill (S. No^ 947) to en-
courage and promote telegraphic communi-
cation between America, Asia, and Europe ;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move its ref-
erence to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senator will allow
me, the Committee on Foreign Relations has
all the other bills on that subject, and if there
be no great objection on his part, I think this
bill had better go to that committee.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I have no objec-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 948) providing for compensation to the
city of New Orleaus for loss sustained by the
destruction of the Touro almshouse; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the'
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. WEST asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
949) for the relief of Mrs. May Barlow, widow
of Judge J. H. C. Barlow, a loyal citizen of
Louisiana; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 950) authorizing the Kansas Valley
National Bank of Topeka, in the State of Kan-
sas, to change its name to the First National
Bank of Topeka; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY. I also ask leave to intro-
duce another bill, which has been handed me
by a delegation from the Cherokee nation. 1
have introduced one for the same purpose, and
I introduce this that it may be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 951) establishing a
United States district court in the^ Indian
country; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 952) to advance Captain Homer C.^ Blake
one grade iu the Navy; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
agricultural report.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was referred to the
Committee on Printing:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Represent-
atives concurring,) That there be printed 01 the
annual report of the Commissioner of Agriculture
for 1871 two hundred and fifty-five thousand extra
copies, one hundred and eighty thousand ol which
shall be for the use of the House, fifty thousand tor
the use of the Senate, and twenty-five thousand ior
distribution by the Commissioner of Agriculture.
order of business.
Mr. ALCORN. I appeal to the Senator from
Pennsylvania 
Mr. CAMERON. I said 1 would give way
for morning business. •
Mr. ALCORN. I desire to call up a joint
resolution from the House of Representatives
in relation to claims against the Government,
authorizing the southern claims commission
to report from time to time. The law as it
now exists only provides that they shall report
once a year. They have a number of claims
that they desire to report upon, but under the
law they are not authorized to do so. The
object of this resolution is to authorize the com-
mission to report from time to time as they may
decide upon cases. I ask to call up that res-
olution. I am sure no one will oppose it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. What is the
number of the resolution V
Mr. ALCORN. I ask the Clerk for the
number of the resolution and the title.
Mr. COLE. I hope no other business will
intervene. The unfinished business is the
Indian appropriation bill, and I hope we shall
be able to go on with it. The floor is assigned
to the Senator from Pennsylvania to make a
motion if he chooses to make it. Thope, how-
ever, he will not make it.
Mr. CAMERON. I rose to make a motion,
and I was only prevented from insisting on it
because several gentlemen seemed to have
some morning business to _ present. I trust
the Senator from Mississippi will not press^ his
bill now, because that will interfere with mine.
Mr. ALCORN. 1 withdraw the request-
Mr. CAMERON. I move to lay the pend-
ing appropriation bill on the table.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to give a
notice. Some two weeks ago the post route
bill was reported. I find that in its printing
there are a great many mistakes, misprints,
misspelling of proper names. As there prob-
ably will not be a great deal of time given for
the passage of the bill, I hope Senators will
in the mean time examine the routes in their
respective States and inform me or the clerk
of the committee of any mistakes, that they
may be corrected in time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to
make an inquiry of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania whether he wishes to take up the French
spoliation bill at present with a view of con-
sidering the bill and passing it, or coining to
a final conclusion?
Mr. CAMERON. I do. When I first made
the motion tv/o or three months ago, I ex-
pected only to make a few remarks and then
let the bill lie over for the consideration of
the country as well as the Senate; but so much
time has since elapsed that I have made up my
mind that unless we get an early decision the
bill will fall. I expect to-day not to take up
much time. My remarks will not extend over
twenty or thirty minutes. The Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Vickers] will follow me, and
then I hope to have the assistance of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr, Sumner,] who
is really the originator of this bill, and I think
we shall pass the bill to-day. I trust so.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope so.
Mr. CAMERON. I see no reason why we
cannot.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on laying the appropriation bill on the
table.
Mr. CAMERON. I renew my motion to
lay it on the table.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator withdraw it
for a moment? I will detain the Senate no
more than one minute.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well. I withdraw
the motion.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, we have the
enunciation from the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania that he desires action on his bill to-day,
or before it is disposed of. I am glad he has
given the Senate notice to that effect. I have
no expectation that the Senate will take up a
class of claims'which are more than three
score and ten years old, and consider them in
preference to the regular business of the ses-
sion, which is far behind. The Indian appro-
priation bill has been considered and is nearly
completed, and I have no doubt in my mind
that it will be finished to-day in this body, and
probably at an early hour in the day, if we now
proceed with it.
The French spoliation matter is a very old
one, and one that can wait a little longer cer-
tainly ; whereas it will be dangerous to post-
pone action on the Indian appropriation bill
longer. We shall have spoliations from the
Indians upon the whites to take care of, if we
do not proceed with the consideration of that
bill. The chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs has stated to the Senate good
reasons why it should be disposed of at an
early day. He so stated distinctly the other
day, and I need not repeat his statement on
that occasion. I believe with these facts
clearly before the Senate they will not dis-
place the regular business for the purpose of
proceeding with the bill the Senator from
Pennsylvania desires to have acted on.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire of the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania if he would not be
willing to defer his motion until to-morrow or
some other day this week that may be agreed
on, with a view of enabling us to dispose of
the Indian appropriation bill to-day?
Mr. CAMERON. I certainly shall not
object to postponing this matter for a day if
I can be certain of having a day allotted to the
bill. I do not want to interfere with the cur-
rent business of the Senate, but I do feel that
the objection which the Senator from Califor-
nia makes to taking up this bill now is the
strongest reason why we ought to act upon it.
It is more than three-score and ten years old.
Two generations of people interested in these
claims have died, and the third is here now
asking for justice. These claims differ from
all others that have come on this Government
in that they have never changed hands. They
have not gone out of the families of the original
claimants at all, but these people, relying on
the faith of the Government, have held them
now until the third generation, expecting every
year to get what is due to them. If the Sen-
ate will allow me to have to-morrow 
Mr. HAMLIN. Will the Senator permit
me to make a suggestion?
Mr. CAMERON. I always hear with great
pleasure the suggestions of the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. HAMLIN. I feel perhaps as earnest
an interest in the matter to which the Senator
from Pennsylvania refers as the Senator him-
self. Now, the suggestion I would make to
him is this : that he give notice to the Senate
that he will call up the bill immediately after
the disposition of the pending appropriation
bill, and let the question stand in that way. I
think it would be better to do that; that is
my idea.
