4114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
Similar in character was Marcellus II, who
became Pope in 1555. He was unwilling
that any of his family should come to Rome;
even his brother was forbidden ; bat this good
example was closed by death after a reign of
twenty days only. And yet this brief period
of exemplary virtue has made this pontiff
famous. Kindred in spirit was Urban VII,
who reigned thirteen days only in 1590, but
long enough to repel his relations, and also
Leo XI, who reigned twenty-five days in 1605.
To this list may be added Innocent IX, who
died after two months of service. It is related
that his death displeased his relations much,
and dissolved the air-castles they had built.
They had hurried from Bologna, bat except a
grand-nephew, all were obliged to return poor
as they came. In this list I must not forget
Pius V, who reigned from 1565 to 1572. He
set himself so completely against aggrandizing
his own family, that he was with difficulty per-
suaded to make a sister's son cardinal, and
would not haye done it had not- all the car-
dinals united on grounds of conscience against
the denial of this dignity to one most worthy
of it. Such virtue was part of tiiat elevated
character, which caused his subsequent canon-
ization.
These good Pope? were short-lived. The
reigns of ajl except Pius counted by days
only ; but they opened happy glimpses of an
administration where. the powers of govern-
ment were not treated as a personal perquisite.
The opposite list had the advantage of time.
Conspicuous among nepotists was Alex-
ander VI, whose family name of Borgia is
damned to fame. With him nepotism as-
sumed its most brutal and barbarous develop-
ment, reflecting the character of its pontifical
author, who was without the smallest ray of
good. Other Popes were less cruel and bloody,
.but not less determined in providing for their
families. Paul III, who was of the great
house of Farnese, would have had the Estates
of the Church a garden for the "lilies" which
flourish on the escutcheon of his family. It
is related that when Urban VIII, who was a
Barberini, commenced his historic reign, all
his relations at a distance flew to Home like
the "bees" on the family arms, to suck the
honey of the Church, but not leaving behind
the sting with which they pricked while they
sucked. Whether lilies or bees it was the same.
The latter pontiff gave to nepotism fullness
of power wbeu he resolved "to have no
business with any one not dependent upon
his house." In the same spirit he excused
himself from making a man cardinal because
he had been " the enemy of his nephews."
Although nothing so positive is recorded of
Paul V, who was a Borghese, his nepotism
appears in the Ilotnan saying, that while serv-
ing the Church as a good shepherd he "gave
too much wool to his relations." These
instructive incidents, illustrating the pon-
tifical pretension, reflect light on the history
of palaces and galleries at Rome which are
now admired by the visitor from distant lands.
If not created, they were at least enlarged by
nepotism.
It does not always appear how many rela-
tions a Pope endowed. Often it was all, as in
the case of Gregory XIII, who, besides
advancing a nephew actually at Rome, called
thither all his nephews and grand-nephews,
whether from brothers or sisters, and gave
them offices, dignities, governments, lord-
ships, and abbacies. Ciesai* Borgia -and his
sister Lucrezia were not the only rela-
tions of Alexander VI. I do not find the
number adopted by Sixtus, the founder of the
system. 1 lus IV, who was of the grasping
.Medicean family, favored no less than twenty-
five. Alexander VII, of the Chigi family,
nad about, him five nephews and one brother,
which a contemporary characterized as " ne-
potism all complete." This pontiff began his
reign by forbidding his relations to appear at
Rome, which redounded at once to his credit-"
throughout the Christian world, -while the
astonished people discoursed of his holiness
and the purity of his life, expecting even to
see miracles. In making the change he
yielded evidently to immoral pressure and
the example of predecessors.
The performances of papal nephews figure
in history. Next after the Borgias, were the
Caraffas, who obtained power through Paul
IV, but at last becoming too insolent and
rapacious, their uncle was compelled to strip
them of their dignities and drive them from
Rome. Sometimes nephews were employed
chiefly in ministering to pontifical pleasures,
as in the case of Julius III, who, according
to the historian, "thought of nothing but ban-
queting with that one and with this one, keep-
ing his relations in Rome, rather to accom-
pany him at banquets than to aid him in the
government of the holy Church, of which he
thought little." This occasion for relations
does not exist at Rome now, as the pontiff leads
a discreet life, always at-home and never ban-
quets abroad.
_ These historic instances make us see nepo-
tism in its original home. Would you know-
how it "was regarded there? Sometimes it was
called ahydra with many heads, sprouting anew
at the election of a pontiff; then again it was
called Ottoman rather than Christian in char-
acter. The contemporary historian who has
described it so minutely says that those who
merely read of it without seeing it will find it
difficult to believe or even imagine. The
qualities of a Pope's relation were said to be
"ignorance and cunning." It is easy to be-
lieve that this prostitution of the head of the
Church was one of the abuses which excited
the cry for Reform, and awakened even in
Rome the echoes of Martin Luther. A brave
Swiss 13 recorded as declaring himself unwill-
ing to be the subject of a pontiff who was
.himself the subject of his own relations. But
even this pretension was not without open
defenders, while the general effrontery with
which it was maintained assumed that it was
above question. If some gave with eyes closed,
most gave with eyes open. It was said that
Popes were not to neglect their own blood,
that they should not show themselves worse
than the beasts, not one of whom failed to
caress his relations, and the case of bears and
lions, the most ferocious of all, was cited as
.authority for this recognition of one's own
blood. All ihis was soberly said, and it is
doubtless true. Not even a Pope can justly
neglect his own blood; but help and charity
must be at his own expense and not at the
expense of his country. In appointments to
office merit and not blood is the only just
recommendation.
That nepotism has ceased to lord itself in
Rome; that no pontiff billets his relations
upon the Church; that the appointing power
of the Pope is treated as a public trust and
not as a personal perquisite—all this is the
present testimony with regard to that govern-
ment which knows from experience the bane-
ful character of this abuse.
AMERICAN AUTHORITIES ON NKPOTISM.
The nepotism of Rome was little known in
our country, and I do not doubt that Wash-
ington, when declining to make the presiden-
tial office a personal perquisite, was governed
by that instinct of duty and patriotism which
rendered him so preeminent. Through all the
perils of a seven years' war, he had battled
with that kingly rule which elevates a whole
family without regard to merit, fastening all
upon the nation, and he had learned that this
royal system could find no place iu a republic.
Therefore he rejected the claims of relations,
and in nothing was his example more beauti-
ful. His latest biographer, Washington Irving,
records him as saying:
"So far as I know my own mind, I would notbeln
tne remotest degree influenced in making nomina-
tions bv motives arising from the ties of family or
mood. Lijc, of Washington, Vol. V, p. 22.
Then again he declared his purpose,
"To discharge tho duties of office with that im-
partiality and aeal for the public good which ought
never to suffer connections of blood or friendship to
mingle so as to have the least sway on decisions of
a public nature."
This excellent rule of conduct is illustrated
by the advice to his successor with regard
to the transfer of his son, John Quincy
Adams. After giving it as his decided opin-
ion that the latter was the most valuable char-
acter we had abroad, and promising to be the
ablest of all our diplomatic corps, Washing-
ton declares :
"If he was now to be brought into that line, or
into any other public walk, I could not, upon the
principle which has regulated my own eonduet,
disapprove of the caution which is hinted at in the
letter."—John Adams's Works, Vol. VIII, p. 530.
Considering the importance of the rule it
were better if it had prevailed over parental
regard and the- extraordinary merits of the
son.
. In vindicating his conduct at a later day
JTohn Adams protested against what he ealled
"the hyper&uperiative virtue" of Washing-
ton, and insisted:
"A President ought not to appoint a man be-
cause he is his relation; nor ought he to refuse or
neglect to appoint him for that reason."
With absolute certainty that the President
is above all prejudice of family and sensitive
to merit only, this rule is not unreasonable ;
but who can be trusted to apply it?
Jefferson developed and explained the true
principles in a manner worthy of republican
institutions. In a letter lo a relation immedi-
ately after becoming President, he wrote:
"The public will never,be made to believe that
an appointment of a relation is made on the ground
of merit alone, uninfluenced by family views, jior
can they ever see with approbation offices. the disposu I
of which they intrust to their Presidents for pub/it; pur-
poses, divided out as family property. Mr. Admns
degraded himself infinitely by his conduct on this
subject, as Washington had done himself the great-
est honor. With two such examples to proceed by,
I should be doubly inexcusable to err ."—Letter to
George Jefferion, March 27,1801; Jefferson's Works,
Vol. IV, p. 388.
After his retirement from the Presidency, in
a letter to a kinsman, he asserts the ruleagain :
"Toward acquiring the confidence of the people,
the very first measure is to satisfy them of his dis-
interestedness, _ and that he is directing their
anairs with a single eye to their good, and not to
n f°rtuiies for himself and family, and espe-
cially that the officers appointed to transact their
business, are appointed because they are the fittest
men, not because they are his relations. Bo prone
are they to suspicion, that where a President ap-
poipts a relation of his own, however worthy, they
will believe that favor, and not merit, was the
motive. £ therefore laid it down as a law of con-
duct ior myself, never to give an appointment to a
S n U-; lJret\er^l° Jefferson, January 25,
lolu; iota., Vol. V, p. 498.
That statement is unanswerable. The elect
of the people must live so as best to maintain
their interests and to elevate the national sen-
timent. This can be only by an example of
unselfish devotion to the public weal which
shall be above suspicion.- A President sus-
pected of weakness for his relations is already
shorn of strength.
In saying that his predecessor "degraded
himself infinitely by his conduct on this sub-
ject," Jefferson shows the rigor of his require-
ment. Besides the transfer of his son, John
tiuincy Adams, from one diplomatic mission
to another, John Adams is responsible for ihe
appointment of his son-in-law, Colonel Smith,
as surveyor of the port of New York, awl his
wife's nephew, William Cratieh, as chief justice
of the circuit court of the Distt ict of Colum bia—-
both persons of merit, and the former •' serving
through thewar with high applause of his supe-
riors." The public sentiment appears in the
condemnation of these appointments. In re-
fusing another of Ris relations, we have already
86en that *Tohu Adams wrote:
,v,„ know it is impossible for me to appoint tny
Z^To^Thine without drawiSs fu"u -
But this torrent was nothing but the judg-
ment of the American people unwilling' that
