1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2328
Mr. STEWART. I hope there will be no
notice given to interfere with my getting up
the coal bill. I have been waiting a longtime
to get a vote on that.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator from
Pennsylvania allow me to make a suggestion?
Mr. CAMERON. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN.- I hope no course will be
taken which will interfere with the understand-
ing the Senate came to unanimously that to-
morrow the case of the North Carolina Sen-
atorship should be taken up atone o'clock and
disposed of. I do not want that arrangement
to be interfered with, for that is a question
which ought to have been disposed of long
ago, and would have been before this but for
sickness in thefamily of the Senator from Wis-
consin and my own necessary absence from
the Senate.
Now, while I am on my feet I beg to say
further that if the Senator from Pennsylvania
wishes the French spoliation bill taken up
simply for the purpose of making his remarks
upon it, and for the purpose of our hearing the
Senator from Maryland, I am very willing to
vote to lay the appropriation bill on the table
for that purpose; but if he desires to press that
French spoliation bill to a vote to-day, then I
must in ail frankness say to him that in my
judgment that cannot be done. I have seen
that bill once pass the House of Representa-
tives under the previous question. 1 hope it
will never pass the Senate in the way in which
it was passed through that House, and when-
ever that bill shall come up it will be fully
discussed, and therefore I submit to him that
he do not attempt to force that bill to a vote
to-day; but if he desires simply to make his
remarks and to let the Senator from Maryland
be heard, and then let the bill go over, I am for
one perfectly willing to give that opportunity.
Mr. CAMERON. I said before, but I sup-
pose the Senator from Ohio did not hear me,
that when we started this 'question I asked the
Senate only to hear me and the Senator from
Maryland : but now time having elapsed, the
session coming so near a close, I desire when
this bill is taken up to have it decided, and
for that reason I shall take the suggestion of
the Senator from Maine. His suggestions are
always wisdom, as are those from Ohio, and
I will take to-morrow or the next day after
to-morrow.
Mr. THURMAN. Not to-morrow.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I will say the day
after to-morrow immediately after the morning
hour I will expect the Senate to take up the
French spoliation bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I would remind my friend
that possibly the Indian bill may be through
in the course of an hour.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it can be disposed
of in a very short time. But I understood from
the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations that there was another small bill he
desired to pass immediately after this, the
deficiency bill.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the Senator from
Massachusetts, would it not be better under
the circumstances to wait until the North
Carolina question is disposed of?
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator from Iowa
be so fortunate as to get the Indian bill through
in the course of an hour, or in a short time, 1
should be sorry that the other bill should be
postponed. And now I really wish to make
one remark in reply to the Senator from Ohio.
He speaks of forcing the French spoliation
bill. Who wishes to force it? Does the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania have any such idea?
Certainly I have no such idea. I believe this
bill will take care of itself, if it once gets before
the Senate. Let the Senate understand the
bill and there will be no forcing, except so far
as the conscience of each Senator may force
his vote. For two generations the forcing has
been the other way, two presidential vetoes,
and forcing of all kinds. Now at last it does
seem as if a day of justice had come. Why,
sir, only two days ago the Senate spent a day
in considering recent claims, fresh claims, not
one of which was, I would say, as deserving
of attention as these venerable claims. It is
not proper to insult them on account of their
age. On that account they are to be com-
mended. They have additional merit, and
there is additional obligation upon us, because
we and our predecessors in these seats have
so long delayed justice.
Mr. COLE. I call for the regular order,
Mr. President.
Mr. CAMERON. I withdraw my motion
with the understanding that I will call up the
French spoliation bill, if opportunity offer,
after this bill passes ; if not, the day after to-
morrow.
Mr. CONKLING. I arise to understand
for myself and for others that that is a mere
notice given by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, not that silence implies any agreement
to take the bill up with the view which the
Senator has suggested. He needs no assur-
ance that the whole Senate will vote to take
it up at any time to enable him to make his
remarks upon it; but whenever it is taken up
and adhered to with a view to final action, I
think we are all bound to expect that no one
day, no pair of days, no three or four days,
will see the end of the discussion which will
ensue, and whether we are to vote to take it
up in the midst of the pending bill, for ex-
ample, or after that bill has been concluded,
in anticipation of other appropriation bills,
every Senator must be left to decide for him-
self. Therefore, I object to an understanding ;
but I assure the Senator, although he does
not need that assurance from me, that I will
vote with him at any time and always to take
it up whenever his convenience suggests the
time for the purpose of making the remarks
which he wishes to make upon it.
Mr. CAMERON. I felt sure of what the
Senator from New York says; but I hope
when the bill is brought up we shall press it,
as far as we can, to a conclusion. I know
there is no agreement which will compel the
Senate to vote upon the bill unless the Senate
is disposed to do so. I will not interfere with
the time of the Senator from California now,
and I give way with the understanding that
if I cannot get it up to-day, I shall consider
myself at liberty to call it up the day after
to-morrow immediately after the morning hour.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson", its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the report of
the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill (H.
R. No. 622) granting a pension to Richard B.
Crawford.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 770) to erect two
new land districts in the State of Nebraska.
The message further announced that the
House had disagreed to the amendment of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 1228) for the
relief of R. Nelson Gere, asked a conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. Charles Fos-
ter of Ohio, Mr. William E. Laksing of New
York, and Mr. John" 'J'. Harris of Virginia,
managers at the same on its part.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills; and they were thereupon signed
by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 131) to change the bound-
aries of the collection district of Brazos de
Santiago, in the State of Texas;
A bill (H. R. No. 590) for the relief of cer-
tain settlers on the public lands in Iowa under
the provisions of the homestead laws: and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 117) to author-
ize the erection of a colossal statue of the late
Admiral Farragut.
ST. CROIX AND SUPERIOR RAILROAD.
Mr. CARPENTER. The committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (S. No. 565) to extend the
time to the State of Wisconsin to complete
a road from Lake St. Croix to Lake Superior,
report that they have met. and after full and
free conference have been unable to agree. I
move that the Senate insist on its disagreement
to the amendment of the House of Represent-
atives, and ask for the appointment of another
committee of conference, the committee on
the part of the Senate to be appointed by the
Chair.
The motion was agreed to.
R. NELSON GERE.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ment to the bill (H. R. No. 1228) for the relief
of R. Nelson Gere, disagreed to by the House
of Representatives, and
On motion by Mr. FENTON,
Resolved. That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ment to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conference on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Fenton, Mr. Nte, and Mr. Davis of West
Virginia.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1192) making appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes for the year
ending Jane 30, 1873, and for other purposes,
the pending question being on the amendment
submitted by Mr. Hitchcock, to add as an
additional section to the bill the following:
Sec. —. That it shall be the duty of the Secretary
of the Interior to prepare and cause to be published
such rules and regulations as he may deern neces-
sary or proper, prescribing the manner of present-
ing claims tor compensation for depredations com-
mitted by the Indians, and the degree and character
of the evidence necessary to support such claims;
he shall carefully investigate all such claims as may
be presented, subject to the rules and regulations
prepared by him, and report to Congress, at each
session thereof, the na.ture, character, and amount
of such claims, whether allowed by him or not, and
the evidence upon which his action was based.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. It will be seen that the
amendment is a very innocent and at the same
time a very just provision. It provides for the
payment of no claim; it makes no attack upon
the Treasury. It simply instructs and author-
izes the Secretary of the Interior to examine
and investigate the correctness and justice of
claims for compensation to white persons in
the neighborhood of Indians for depredations
by those Indians.
I stated in the outset that I had no desire to
antagonize the popular sentiment prevalent in
this country of sympathy with the sufferings
and wrongs of the Indians, that I was quite as
anxious as any other person could be that the
Indian should be protected in all his justrights;
thatl believed the people of the border States,
the neighbors of the Indians, were quite as
anxious, quite as directly and vitally interested
that the Indians should be protected in their
just rights as any other people could be, and
that all we asked was that they should not be
allowed to wrong us with impunity. I stated
that the statutes of this country, following the
sentiment which has become dominant and
prevalent in the eastern portion of the coun-
try, had been changed in this respect. I stated
that the whole policy of this Government had
been, down to 1859, to hold the United States
responsible for depredations committed by
Indians upon the^ persons and property of
citizens of the United States engaged in their
lawful pursuits.
I quoted, to sustain that view, the inter-
course act of 1803 and the intercourse act of
1834 which repeats verbatim the section cov-
