1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
should welcome any other suggestions made in
the same spirit from my friend from- Pennsyl-
vania; and if I should accept them, it would
not be, perhaps, because I regarded them as
invariably sound. I am anxious to harmonize
with the Senator, as I was anxious to har-
monize with the Senator from New Jersey.. I
hope the Senator will pardon me for inter-
posing these remarks. I do it simply in justice
to myself, that he may not suppose that I did
recognize the absolute validity of the objec-
tions.
Mr. SCOTT. I have no doubt of the desire
of the Senator from Massachusetts to perfect
his bill, and it is only because I have the de-
sire that his bill should be perfected that I am
making these remarks. 1 have not, with the
other engagements that have been pressing
upon me, had time to examine that bill ; it
has not been examined by the Judiciary Com-
mittee ; but as I have already said, after three
or four, certainly three, of the members of
the Judiciary Committee had voted for it as
an amendment to this amnesty bill, I found
one of them rise and point out what, if
not constitutional objections, were recognized
throughout the Chamber as very cogent objec-
tions to the bill. Now, what I wish to say is,
that before I am called upon to vote for that
bill, I desire to have the benefit of the con-
sideration of the Judiciary Committee upon
its features. I should be vgry much more
ready to follow the lead of the Judiciary Com-
mittee upon a bill involving so many questions
as this one does, than to vote for an amend-
ment, the purpose of which I approved, but
which had never been considered in any com-
mittee, and to which so many objections have
already been pointed out.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend from
Pennsylvania allow me to make a suggestion
to him?
Mr. SCOTT. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In behalf of my friend
from New Jersey, who does not appear to be
in his seat at this moment, I wish to remind
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania that
it is a very common and I think a very proper
thing for gentlemen, when we are in commit-
tee in the Senate, to vote for an amendment
which is not, perfect in its details, which may
have even glaring improprieties in it, in order
to test the sense of the Senate on the general
ppint of the proposition. If it meets approval
so that it is worth while to delay the action of
the Senate iu disposing of details, then is the
time afterward to make the propositions which
shall perfect it If, on the contrary, it is not
met with approval by the Senate, it is useless
to occupy the time of the Senate in discussing
details. Now I think, althoughl do notspeak
by authority, that my honorable friend from
New Jersey voted as I did, and as my friend
from New Yoik and my friend from Wiscon-
sin did, iu committee of the Senate, for the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts,
upon the ground that the main spirit and object
of that amendment being the spirit and object
of the civil rights bill of 1866 even before the
recent amendments to the Constitution, was a
thing that every man who believed iu equality
of rights ought to go for, and if it met the
approval of the Senate, then there would be
time enough, as the Senator from New Jersey
proposed, to make it perfect iu its details.
Mr. CONKL1NG. Now, if my honorable
fuend from Pennsylvania will allow me one
moment, I beg to remind him that what the
Senator from Vermont has just said was in
substance stated at the time. I took the trouble
myself to state, before any vote was taken on
the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts—and so the Globe will show—that I
did not intend to commit myself at all to the
details of the amendment, mentioning at the
time that I had not read the bill of late, and
that I would vote for its general principle,
leaving its perfection in detail to take place
afterward. I think, particularly when a state-
ment of that kind is made at the time, the
Senator from Pennsylvania will not doubt the
consistency of those who do in Committee of
the Whole vote for a general principle, reserv-
ing to themselves the opportunity to correct
afterward any imperfection.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, it is not my
desire to attack or question either the consist-
ency or the propriety of the conduct of any
member of the Judiciary Committee; but it
was my purpose to point out the fact that the
vote of the members of the Judiciary Com-
mittee upon that question cannot be consid-
ered as any very strong indication of tlie pro-
priety of the measure, and what the Senator
from Vermont and the Senator from New
York have now said certainly verifies that
conjecture, that we were not bound to follow
it, that it was simply an experimental vote to
see whether the general current of sentiment
in the Senate was to put on a bill of this kind,
and then when we got into the Senate it was
to be perfected. Now, sir, if it is to go with
this bill, it ought to be perfected ; if it is to
pass of itself, it ought to be perfected. When
it is perfected and comes within the fair pur-
view of the fourteenth amendment of the Con-
stitution of the United States, I will go as far
as the Senator from New York or the Senator
from Vermont, or any other Senator who has
voted for that amendment, to protect all
through the United States the civil rights of
every man who is entitled by virtue of that
amendment to that protection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish you wouldgo now.
Mr. SCOTT. I do not understand the spirit
of the remark. I am in my place in the Sen-
ate. I do not propose to go anywhere at the
bidding or request of any other Senator. If
my remarks are not acceptable to the Senator
from Vermont, and he thinks I am in an inap
propriate place, it his suggestion was in that
spirit, I certainly shall not receive it kindly; I
do not understand the tone of his remark.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Penn-
sylvania knows me too well to suppose that I
intended it as any reflection upon him. It was
only intended as a friendly suggestion that in-
stead of waiting for some other time he would
go for this amendment now. That was all.
Mr. SCOTT. That was not the expression,
not that I would go for the amendment, but
" Go now."
Mr. EDMUNDS. You said you would go
for it, and I said ''go now."
Mr. SCOTT. I shall set that matter right
at once. My friend from Vermont has the
kindest heart in the world, and a moment's
reflection would have satisfied me he was
incapable of the thought I hastily attributed to
his words, but he is often in the habit of mak-
ing the most abrupt expressions which are apt
to be misconstrued. I shall not misconstrue
hitu willingly, and therefore I gave him the
opportunity of explanation.
Now, Mr. President, m regard to the ques-
tion of amnesty, 1 have been diverted from
that by taking up again the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts. The Senator
from Indiana and I do not differ in feeling about
that question. He is against universal amnesty.
So am I at present. But the argument which
he made, it seemed to me, was the strong-
est argument that could be made for the pas-
sage of this bill. When he spoke about seces-
sion—and I agree with all that he said on that
subject—he said that secession was not the act
of the people; that it did not begin with the
people, that it began with the politicians and
went down to the people. Well, sir, the bill
excepts, in a large measure, the politicians, and
it is commended by the statement he has made,
for the large body of the people who are under
these disabilities will be relieved by the bill,
while the politicians wiil be excluded.
Mr. MORTON. That very reason I gave
for saying that I would vote for the bill with
the exceptions it contains.
Mr. SCOTT. 1 am aware of that; but the
spirit of the Senator's argument was likely to
be construed into opposition to any amnesty.
There is no danger, Mr. President, that the
American people will think the passage of this
amnesty bill is a declaration that the rebellion
was right and that.we were wrong. There is
no danger, so long as the fourteenth amend-
ment stands in the archives of the nation, that
ever that question will be called into doobt.
I agree with him that there was a tim.e when we
ought to have done differently; and it is be-
cause we did not do differently that I am dis-
posed to pass this amnesty bill now.
I think that if, instead of reconstructing as
soon as we did, we had held the insurrection-
ary States over for three or five years longer,
the probability is that we should have struck
nearer the root of the evil, aud there would
have been fewer people voting in those States
than there are to day, aud we would not have
had so much trouble about the question of
who should hold the offices. It is simply the
question of who are to hold office now ; but so
long as we have enfranchised them so that
Jefferson Davis and all his associates down to
the humblest private that obeyed his command
can choose the officers, there is very little pro-
tection in any longer withholding from them
the right to choose whom they please. There
may be a few whom it is policy yet to exclude,
and you do exclude them by the bill. But by
passing the bill, there is no danger that the
school-books to which the Senator from Indi-
ana has alluded will ever have any influence
outside of the section where those opinions
are yet acceptable. There is no danger that
if we ever get into another rebellion we will
do as we did iu the last.
I agree that what the authorities did at the
close of this rebellion, in permitting all men
engaged iu it to go unpunished, revealed the
weakest point in our national Government.
That Government which is not strong enough
to execute the penalties of its highest law upon
its offending citizens, needs strengthening.
And, sir, if there ever be sufficient strength
in the latent fires of rebellion which yf-t linger
in the land to again lead men into rebellion,
I trust and believe that whether there be any-
body executed or not, the occasion will not be
permitted to pass until we have it written in
unmistakable letters in the judicial records
of the nation that unsuccessful rebellion is
treason. And, sir, it is because I believe that
the nation is now strong enough to visit the
penalties of the law upon those who violate
it that I am willing to vote, for the reasons
heretofore given, for this amnesty bill.
Mr. President, I did not suppose I should
speak more than five or ten minutes when I
arose; but I have been, as I thought I would
not be, led off into other remarks than those
I intended at first to make. I trust, then, that
we shall arrive at this conclusion: that there
being a majority iu the Senate in favor, as I
believe, of the principle of the amendment
offeied by the Senator from Massachusetts, we
will come to that point, and vote upon it sep-
arately and squarely, and take the amnesty
bill by itself and vote separately and squarely
upon it.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Mr. President 
Mr. CAMERON. I hope the Senator from
South Carolina will allow me to make a motion.
Mr. ROBERTSON. 1 have but a word to
say.
Mr. CAMERON. I will give way, then, till
that word is said.
Mr. ROBERTSON. This debate has as-
sumed a very wide scope, and it is not likely
that we can reach a vote on the bill to-day ;
but I give notice that to-morrow I shall ask
the friendsof the bill, and the Senate generally,
to sit the matter out and come to a vote. Now
I ask unanimous consent to an agreement that
we take the vote to-morrow at four o'clock.
Mr. OONKLING. The vote on what? _ -
Mr. ROBERTSON. The vote on the bill
and the pending amendments.
