1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4115
republican institutions at that early day should
suffer.
Thus far John Adams stands alone. If any
other President has made appointments from
his own family, it has been on so petty a scale
as not to be recognized in history. John
Quincy Adams, when President, did not follow
his father. An early letter to his mother fore-
shadows a rule not unlike that of Jefferson:
"I hope, my ever dear and honored mother, that
you are fully convinced from my letters, which you
have before this received, that upon the contingency
ot my lather s being placed in the first magistracy,
I shall never give him any trouble by solicitation
tor omce or any kind. Your late letters have re-
peated so many times that I shall in that case have
nothing to expect, that I am afraid you have im-
agined it possible that /might form expectations from
such an event. I had hoped that my mother knew
me better; that she did me the justice to believe
that 1 have not been so totally regardless or forget-
ful of the principles which my education had in-
stilled, nor so totally destitute of a personal scn^e of
delicacy as to be susceptible of a wish tending in that
direction." — John AdamsV Works, Vol. VIII, pp.
529, 530, note.
To Jefferson's sense of public duty John
Quincy Adams added the sense of personal
delicacy, both strong, against the appointment
of relations. To the irresistible judgment
against this abuse, a recent moralist, of lofty
nature, Theodore Parker, imparts new expres-
sion when he says, "It is a dangerous and
unjust practice." (Historic Americans, p. 211.)
This is simple and monitory.
PRESIDENTIAL APOLOGIES FOR NEPOTISM.
Without the avalanche of testimony against
this presidential pretension, it is only necessary
to glance at the defenses sometimes set up ;
for such is the insensibility bred by presidential
example, that even this intolerable outrage
is not without voices, speaking for the Presi-
dent. Sometimes it is said that his salary
being far from royal, the people will not scan
closely an attempt to help relations, which,
being interpreted, means that the President
may supplement the pettiness of This salary by
the appointing power. Let John Adams, who
did not hesitate to bestow office upon a few
relations of unquestioned merit, judge this
pretension. I quote his words:
" Every public man should be honestly paid for
his services. But he should be restrained from
eve$y perquisite not known to the laws, and he
should make no claims upon the gratitude of the
public, nor ever confer an office within his patron-
age upon a son. a brother, a friend, upon pretense
that he is not paid for his services by the profits of
his office."—Letter to John Jebb, August 21, 1785 i
Works, Vol. IX, p. 535.
It is impossible to deny the soundness of
this requirement and its completeness as an
answer to one of the presidential apologies.
Sometimes the defender is more audacious,
insisting openly upon the presidential preroga-
tive without question, until we seem to hear
in aggravated form the obnoxious cry, "To
the victor belong the spoils." I did not
suppose that this old cry could be revived in
any form ; but since it is heard again, I choose
to expose it, and here I use the language of
Madison, whose mild wisdom has illumined so
much of constitutional duty. In his judgment
the pretension was odious, "that offices and
emoluments were the spoils ofvictory, I, Ac per-
sonal property of the successful candidate for
the Presidency," and he adds in words not to
be forgotten at this moment:
"Tho principle if avowed without the practice,
or practiced without tho avowal, could not fail to
degrade any Administration—both together com-
pletely so."—Letter to Edward Cole, August 29,1834.
Letters and Writings, Vol. IV, p. 356.
These are strong words. The rule in its
early form could not fail to degrade any
Administration. But now this degrading rule
is extended, and we are told that to the
President's family belong the spoils.
Another apology, vouchsafed even on this
floor, is, that if the President cannot appoint
his relations they alone of all citizens are
.excluded from office, which, it is said, should
not be. But is it not for the public good that
they should be excluded ? Such was the wise
judgment of Jefferson, and such is the testi-
mony from another quarter. That eminent pre-
late, Bishop Butler, who has given to English
literature one of its most masterly productions,
known as " Butler's Analogy," after his ele-
vation to the see of Durham with its remark-
able patronage, was so self-denying with regard
to his family that a nephew said to him,
" Met.hinks, my lord, it is a misfortune to be
related to you." Golden words of honor for
the English bishop! But none such have been
earned by the American President.
Assuming that in case of positive merit desig-
nating a citizen for a particular post the Presi-
dent might appoint a relation, it would be only
where the merit was so shining that his absence
would be noticed. At least it must be such
as to make the citizen a candidate without
regard to family. But no such merit is attrib-
uted to the beneficiaries of our President, some
of whom have done little but bring scandal
upon the public service. At least one is tainted
with fraud, and another, with the commission
of the Republic abroad, has been guilty of indis-
cretions inconsistent with his trust. Appointed
originally in open defiance of republican prin-
ciples, ihey have been retained in office "after
their unfitness became painfully conspicuous.
By the testimony before a congressional com-
mittee, one of these, a brother-in-law, was im-
plicated in bribery and corruption. It is said
that at last, after considerable delay, the Presi-
dent has consented to his removal.
Here 1 leave for the present this enormous
pretension of nepotism, waiting to hear if it
can again find an apologist. Is there a single
Senator who will not dismiss it to judgment?
GIFT-TAKING OFFICIALLY COMPENSATED.
From oue typical abuse I pass to another.
Prom a dropsical nepotism swollen to ele-
phantiasis^ which nobody can defend, I pass
to gift-taking, which with our President has
assumed an unprecedented form. Sometimes
public men even in our country have taken
gifts, but it is not known that any President
before has repaid the patron with office. For
a public man to take gifts is reprehensible;
for a President to select Cabinet councilors
and other officers among those from whom he
has taken gifts is an anomaly iu republican
annals. Observe, sir, that I speak of it gently,
unwilling to exhibit the indignation which such
a presidential pretensiou is calculated to
arouse. The country will judge it, and blot it
out as an example.
There have been throughout history corrupt
characters in official station, but, whether in
ancient or modern times, the testimony is con-
stant against the taking of gifts, and nowhere
with more force than in our Scriptures, where
it is said, "Thou shalt not wrest judgment,
thou shalt not respect persons, neither take a
gift; for a gift doth blind the eyes of the
wise." (Deuteronomy, XVI, 19.) Here is the
inhibition and also the reason, which slight
observation shows to be true. Does not a gift
blind the eyes of the wise? The influence of
gifts is represented by Plutarch in the life of
a Spartan king:
" For he thought those ways of intrapping men by
gifts and presents, which other kings use, dishonest
and inartificial; and it seemed to him to be the
most noble method and most suitable to a kins to
win the affections of those that came near him by
personal intercourse and agreeable conversation,
since between a iriend and a mercenary the only
distinction is, that we gain the one by. our char-
acter and conversation and the other by our
money."—Plutarch's Lives; Oluuyh's Edition : Vol.
IV, p. 479.
What is done under the influence of gift is
mercenary ; but whether from ruler to subject
or from subject to ruler, the gift is equally per-
nicious. An ancient patriot feared "tbeGreeks
bearing gifis," and these words have become
a proverb, but there are Greeks bearing gifts
elsewhere than at Troy. A public man can
traffic with su#h only at his peril. At their
appearance the prayer should be said, "Lead
us not into temptation."
The best examples testify. Thus in the auto-
biography of Lord Brougham, posthumously
published, it appears that at a great meeting
in Glasgow £500 were subscribed as a gift
to him for his public service, to'be put in such
form as he might think best. He-hesitated.
" It required,"he records, "much considera-
tion, as such gifts were liable to abuse." Not
content with his own judgment, he assembled
his friends to discuss it, " Lord Holland,
Lord Brskine, ftomilly and Baring," and he
wrote Earl Grey, afterward Prime Minister,
who replied: " Both Granville and I accepted
a piece of plate from the Catholics in Glas-
gow, of no great value indeed, after we were
turned out. If you still feel scruples, I can
only add that it is impossible to err on the
side of delicacy with respect to matters of
this nature." It ended in his accepting a
small gold inkstand.
In our country Washington keeps his lofty
heights, setting himself against gift-taking as
against nepotism. In 1785, while in private
life, two years after he ceased to be com-
mander-in-chief of our armies and four years
before he became President, he could not be
induced to accept a certain amount of canal
stock ottered him by the State of Virginia,
as appears in an official communication j •
" It gives me great pleasure to inform you that tlie
Assem bly. without a dissenting voice, oouipiiaiented
you with fifty shares in the Potomac Company and
one hundred in the James River Company."— Wash-
ington't Writings, Vol. IX, p. 83; Letter of Benjamin
Harrison. January 6,1775.
Fully to appreciate the reply of Washington
it must be borne in mind that, according to
Washington Irving, his biographer, "Some
degree of economy was necessary, for his
financial affairs had suffered during the war,
and the products of his estate had fallen off."
But he was not tempted. Thus he wrote :
" How would this matter be viewed by tho eye of
the world, and what would be its opinion when it
comes to be related that George Mrashiugtou accepted
$20,000? Under whatever pretense, and however
customarily these gifts are made in other countries,
it' 1 accepted this should I not henceforward be con-
sidered as a dependent? I never for a moment
entertained the idea of accepting it."—Ibirl., p. 85.
Letter to Benjamin Harrison, January 22,1785.
How admirably he touches the point when
he asks, "If I accepted this, should I not
henceforward be considered as a dependent?"
According to our Scripture the gift blinds the
eyes; according to Washington it makes the
receiver a dependent. In harmony with this
sentiment was his subsequent refusal when
President, as is recorded by an ingenious
writer :
He was exceedingly careful about committing
himself, would receive no favors of any kind, and
scrupulously paid for everything. A large house
was set apart for him on Ninth street, on the grounds
now covered by tbe Pennsylvania University, which,
he refused to accept,"—Colonel Forney's Anecdotes.
By such instances brought to light recently,
and shining in contrast witli our times, we learn
to admire anew the virtue of Washington.
It would be easy to show how in all ages
the refusal of gifts has been recognized as the
sign of virtue, if not the requirement of duty.
The story of St. Louis of France is beautiful
and suggestive. Leaving on a crusade he
charged the Queen Regent, who remained be-
hind, "not to accept presents for herself or
her children." Such was-one of the injunc-
tions by which this monarch, when far away
on a pious expedition, impressed himself upon
his country.
My own strong convictions on this presiden-
tial pretension were aroused in a conversation
which it was my privilege to enjoy with John
Quincy Adams, as he sat in his sick-chamber
ut his son's house iu Boston, a short time
before he fell at his post of duty in the House
of Representatives. In a voice trembling
with age and with emotion, he said that no
public man couid take gifis without peril, and
he confessed that his own judgment had been
quickened by the example of Count lioman-
zofF, the eminent chancellor of the Russian
