1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
42d Cons. ...2d Sess.
Ku Klux Outrages—Mr. Cobum.
Ho. of Reps i
" Question. All this in Georgia and in the other
States has occurred since the war?
" Answer. Yes, sir; disguised men—that has been
undoubtedly since the war, so far as I know.
" Question* What is your theory of the reason why
these things have occurred since the warso generally
in other States as well as in Georgia—bands of dis-
guised men composed of one political party commit-
ting outrages which you say were most universally
upon the members of the other party; what is your
theory in regard to that ?
" Ansiver. I think it arises, in the first place, from
a general dissatisfaction in regard to the adminis-
tration of the Government in those States, both
State and Federal. There is not that satisfaction
with the Government that there was before the war,
and that there ought to be in the minds of the peo-
ple. I think that dissatisfaction originates from
what they believe to be bad government, as a rule,
in the State administration and in the Federal Ad-
ministration. 1 do not speak about general politics;
as I said not Ions ago, I do not think there is any
dissatisfaction with regard to General Grant, other
than in reference to the South. I have heard no
special complaint, though the Democratic party, as
a rule, are opposed to his administration. I think
it originates from that feeling of general dissatis-
faction, from believing that the government is not
faithfully administered; that it is oppressive in its
action upon the white people of the South. I think
there is a kind of general feeling that the purpose
of the Government, both State and Federal, is to
make the black race, with the few whites who may
go with them, dominate the white race of the South;
to make the white race subject to the black race.
i think that is one cause. Then i think there is
another cause, which X have mentioned to-day : a
great many of our best men are under tho ban of
the Government; have no interest in theGovern-
mont; have no right to any position under the Gov-
ernment. There is a very general dissatisfaction
created on that 'account. It also originates in an-
other thing; society is in a disturbed condition ; tho
black man has been our slave, and lie has just been
emancipated. The white race hasuniformlylooked
upon him asa dangerous element when left absolutely
to his own control. Heretofore the white race has
controlled and directed him, but they regard him as
dangerous when a perfectly free man; not that, per-
haps, but that he is disposed to mischief, like all
ignorant races. Thoy regard him as very ignorant,
and therefore, like all ignorant races, very capable
of mischief. I think they have felt that in neigh-
borhoods and localities the very life of society was
sometimes endangered by tho animosity of tho black,
stimulated by some white men, against the general
body of the white race. And this organization has
been felt to be a kind of necessity."
On being further interrogated as to the
object of this organization, he says :
"Question. Then the object of this organization is
to overawe and intimidate the negroes?
"Ansiver. Well, it would tend to prevent his as-
suming equality with or superiority over tho white
race ; any assumption of superiority would not bo
tolerated by the white race.
"Quention. If the ncgroesahould bo intimidated in
that way, would it notgivetho white race some con-
trol over thetn ?
"Answer. It does. I have no doubt that negroes
have been deterred from doing things, from acting
disrespectfully, by the violence of the Ku Klux—
negroes who might otherwise have done so.
* Question. May not control so gained bo used to
influence his voting?
"Answer. It might; they might control tho negro's
vote by fear.
"Question. Do you think tho ICu Klux are com-
posed of men too good to do that ?
"Answer. Well, you say 'too good;' I do not
think they have done it.
"Quesiton. I mean, do you think they are too
upright in their purposes for that?
"Answer. I reckon some of them mightdo it; I do
npt eay they would not; but I know of no case of
their having done so. It is strange to mo that I have
never heard of these acts of violence, the keeping of
the negroes away from the polls that Mnjor liai-
grove speaks of, and such as are reported in this
newspaper; but I never did see them. Sometimes
you will seo either party grab one, and try to elec-
tioneer with him, but not to prevent him from vot-
ing.
"Question. Y ou think the operations of tho Ku K1 ux
arc lor the purpose of intimidating the negro and
keeping him in his proper place?
"Answer. Ye«, sir; that is one of their objects,
where they think he is disposed to be troublesome.
"Question. And you think that having so iutimi-
dated him, it gives the white people control over
him?
"Answer. Well, it has that tendency.
"Question. Does it have that effect?
"Answer, Sometimes, but not always."
In North Carolina the evidence as to the
existence and political object of the Ku Klux
is similar to that in other States. David
Schenck, a member of the bar in Lincoln
coaut.y, and a witness called by the minority
of the Committee on Southern Outrages, tes-
tifies as follows :
"Answer, I was a member of a secret organization
in 1868.
44 Question, Go on and state the facts in regard to
that.
"Answer. Woll, sir, in October, 1868,1 was can-
vassing for Seymour and Blair, and I was informed
by a Iriend of mine that there was a secret political
organization in the country for the purpose of pro-
moting the interests of the Democratic party, and I
was asked to join it. It was at a time when the
Republican party had three secret organizations in
operation in the State, tho Union League, tho
Heroes of America, and the Red Strings. They had
a paper called tho lied String, printed at Groens-
borough, edited by Mr. Tourgee. Our friends thought
it was proper to organize a secret socioty for the
purpose of counteracting that influence. I refused
to join it because I had made speeches against secret
political societies, and was opposed to them on
principle. After the solicitation of my friends, who
came to me, I stated to them that I feared that
these secret societies would lead to violence in the
community, as I had heard of such things in Ten-
nessee. I was again assured that that was not the
objector purpose of it, but merely asecrot political
society to promote tho interests of the Democratic
party. In order further to convince me that no
violence was intended, the obligation was given to
me before I joined it. I will give you the obliga-
tion. It was substantially the obligation published
by the military authorities atYorkville, South Car-
olina. and reads, I think, about in these words,
namely:
4"I, (name,) before the immaculato Jud^e of
heaven and earth, and upon tho holy Evangelists of
Almighty God, do, of my own free will and accord,
subscribe to tho following sacredly binding obliga-
tions ;
" * 1. We are on the side of justicc, humanity, and
constitutional liberty, as bequeathed to us in its
purity by our forefathers.
44 4 2. We oppose and reject the principles of the
Radical party.
"'3. Wo pledge mutual aid to each other in sick-
ness, distress, and pecuniary embarrassment.
"'4. Female fnonds, widows, and their house-
holds shall ever be special objects of our regard and
protection.
"'5. Any member divulging or causing to be di-
vulged any of tho foregoing obligations shall meet
the fearful penalty and traitor's doom, which is
death J death I death 1'
"I took that obligation, sir."
The sixth section of the sixth article of the
constitution of the Ku Klux of North and
South Carolina as proven shows the organ-
ization to extend over the South in great part.
It is as follows :
"Sec. G. The person,through tho Cyclops of the
order ot which he is a member, can make applica-
tion for pardon to tho Great Grand Cyclops of
Nnshville. Tennessee, in which case execution of
the sentence can be stayed until pardoning power
is heard fiom."
Here is a supreme authority hundreds of
miles away who holds in his hand tho awful
seals of life and death. But, in addition to
this evidence, I offer as further proof of the
nature and extent and horrid character of
this association, a presentment of the grand
jury of the United States court, held during
the past winter in Columbia, South Carolina.
About five hundred indictments have been
found, five have been convicted, and fifty have
plead guilty, i offer in proof now the pre-
sentment showing an unlawful, cruel, and dev-
ilish conspiracy against the peace of society
and the lives of the people. (Report, page 48:)
"Presentment of the Grand Jury.
" To the .Judgns of the United States Circuit Court:
" In closing the labors of the present term, the
grand jury beg leave to submit tho following pre-
sentment: during the whole session we have been
engaged in investigations of tho most grave and
extraordinary character — investigations of the
crimes committed by the organization known as the
Ku Klux Klan. The evidence elicited has been
voluminous, gathered from the victims themselves
and ttieii families, as well as those who belonged to
the Klan and participated in its crimcs. The jury
has been shocked beyond measure at the develop-
ments which have been made in then presence of
the number and character of tho atrocities com-
mitted, producing a state of terroi and a sense of
utter insecurity among a largo portion of the peo-
ple, especially the colored population. Tho evi-
dence produced before us has established the fol-
lowing tacts:
"1. That there has existed since 1838, in many
counties of the State, an organization known as the
' Ku I\lux Klan,' or' Invisible ISmpire of the South,'
which embraces in its membership a largo propor-
tion of tho white population of every profession
and class.
44 2. That this Klan is bound together by an oath
administered to its members at the time of their
initiation into tho order, of which the following ia &
copy:
"Obligation.
"'I, (name,) before the immaculate Judge of
hoaven and earth, and upon the holy Evangelists of
Almighty God, do, of my own freo will and accord,
subscribe to the following sacredly binding obliga-
tion ;
44 41. Wo are on tho side of justice, humanity, and
constitutional liberty, as bequeathed to us iri its
purity by our forefathers.
,4'2. Wo opposo and reject the principles of the
Radical party.
44' 3. We pledge mutual aid to each other in sick-
ness, distress, and pecuniary embarrassment.
44 4 4. Female friends, widows, and their households, *
shall ever bo special objects of our regard and pro-
tection.
44 4Any member divulging, or causing to be divulged,
any of tho foregoing obligations, shall meet the fear-
ful ponalty and traitor's doom, which is death I
death! death 1'
44 That in addition to this oath the klan has a con-
stitution and by-laws, which provides, among other
things, that each member shall furnish himself with
a pistol, a Ku Klux-gown, and a signal instrument.
That the operations of the Klan were executed in
the night, and were invariably directed against
members of the Republican party by warnings to
loavo the country, by whippings, and by murdor.
44 3. That in large portions of the counties of York,
Union, and Spartanburg, to which our attention has
been more particularly called in our investigations
during part of the time for the last eighteen months,
tho civil law has been set at defiance, and ceased to
afford any protection to the citizens.
"1. That the klan, in currying out the purposes
for which it was organized and armed, inflicted
summary vengeance on the colored citizens of these
counties, by breaking into their houses at tho dead
of night, dragging them from their beds, torturing
them in the most inhuman manner, and in many
instances murdering them; and this, mainly, on ac-
count of their political affiliations. Occasionally
additional reasons operated, but in no instance was
the political feature wanting.
"5. That for this condition of things, for all these
violations of law and order, and the sacred rights of
citizens, many of the leading men of those counties
were responsible. It wa^  proven that large num-
bers of the rno^t prominent citizens were members
of the order. Many of this class attended meetings
of tho Grand Klau. At a meeting of the Grand
Ivlan, held in Spartanburg county, at which there
wcro representatives from the various dens of Spar-
tanburg, York, Union, and Chester counties, in this
State, besides a number from North Carolina, a res-
olution was adopted that no raids should be under-
taken, or any one whipped or injured by members
of the Klan, without orders from the Grand Klau.
The ponalty for violating this resolution was ono
hundred lashes on the bare back for the first offense,
and for the .second, death. This testimony estab-
lishes tho nature of tho discipline enforced in tho
order, and also the fact that many of the men who
were openly and publicly speaking against the
Klan, and pretending to deplore tho woik of this
murderous conspiracy, wore influential members
of tho order, and directing its operations oven in
detail.
"Tho jury has been appalled as much at the num-
ber of outrages as at their character, it appearing
that eleven murders and over six hundred whip-
pings havo been committed in York county alone.
Our investigation in regard to the other counties
named has been less full; but it is believed, from
the testimony, that an equal or greater number has
been committed in Union, and that the number ia
not greatly less in Spartanburg and Laurens."
Here is the finding of a grand jury in most
solemn form, after great deliberation, of tho
existence, nature, objects, and deeds of this
society, so shocking that it would be almost
incredible but for the confessions of it® guilty
members. This is the Klan which has per-
secuted, exiled, tortured, and murdered inno-
cent men by the thousand in the Carolina^,
Tennessee, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Missis-
sippi, Louisiana, Arkansas* Texas, arid Ken-
tucky since the war. Riding at night in dis-
guise, bound by secret oaths, operating in the
name of order, protection, and peace; striking
at the helpless and defenseless, striking at
Republicans, striking mainly at the freeUuien.
In South Carolina more than a hundred vic-
tims swore that they were denounced as Re-
publicans when they were whipped. Similar
declarations were made in other States. Threats
for entertaining political opinions opposed to
Democracy accompanied almost&ll the deeds
of violence. In North Carolina the society
