1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3219
Mr. CONGER. I hope the gentleman will
not insist upon that.
111'. DAWES. Well, I will say thirty min-
U'lilr. CONGER. I may not even then be
able to obtain the floor.
Pending tbe motion to close debate,
deficiency appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER announced the appointment
of the following members as tbe committee
of conference on the part of the House on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
Senate amendments to the bill (H. R. No.
1654) making appropriations to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the service
of the Government for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1872, and for former years, and for
other purposes, namely: Mr. Garfield of
Ohio, Mr. Poland of Vermont, and Mr.
Marshall of Illinois.
george andrews.
Mr. ARCHER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2694) for the relief
of George Andrews; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
enrolled bills signed
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of ibe fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (S. No. G96) to authorize the con-
struction of a bridge across the Missouri river
atBoonville, Missouti;
An act (El. R. No. 1030) to regulate elections
in Washington and Idaho Territories;
An act (EI. R No. 1776) declaring the lands
constituting the Fort Collins military resetva-
tion, in the Territory of Colorado, subject to
preemption and homestead entry, as provided
for in existing laws.
lay's torpedo plan.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary ot' the Navy and the chief of
ordnance, in relation to Lay's torpedo plan ;
which was referred to the Commiitee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
indian appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER announced the appointment
of Mr. Sargent, Mr. Shanks, and Mr. Swann
as the commiitee of conference upon the part
of the House on the Indian appropriation bill.
execution of laws in utah.
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent,
reported back Irom the Committee on the
Judiciary, a bill (EI. R. No. 2695) to aid the
execution of the laws in the Territory ol Utah ;
which was read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, and lecominitted, not
to be brought back by a motion to reconsider.
william a siii.monecii.
On motion of Mr. COBURN, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on Military Affairs I
was discharged from the further consiueiation
of the petition of William A. Shimonech, ask- (
li'g bounty as a soldier in the late war ; and
the same was referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
IttiMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. TEIIRY, by unanimous consent, intro- ,
duced a bill (tl. R. No. 2G9G) to remove
political disabilities; which was read a first'
and second time, referred to the Commut.ee
oil the Judiciary, and ordered to be piinted.
DlOBATH ON TARIFF BILL.
Mr. DAWES. I now ask a vote on my
Motion t.hat when the House shall again go
into Committee of the Whole on the tariff bill
debaie on the subject of salt terminate in
half an hour.
Mr. CONGER. I hope that motion will
not be agreed to.
The motion was agreed to, there being—
ayes 91, noes 39.
Mr. DAWES. I now move that the House
talie a recess.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and forty minutes p.m.) tbe
House took a recess till half past seven p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
Agreeably to order, the House reassembled
at half past seven o'clock p. m.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The business assigned
for this evening's session is the consideration
of reports from the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. STOUGHTON. At the adjournment
last night we were dividing on the previous
question upon the soldiers' land bounty bill.
As there are some gentlemen now absent who
would probably like to vote on the question, I
ask unanimous consent that this bill may be
laid aside, to be taken up later in the evening,
probably at the close of the evening, and in
the mean time we may proceed with business
about which there is no controversy.
Mr. BQRCHARD. I should object to this
bill going over to to-morrow morning as
unfinished business.
The SPEAKER. It would go over as un-
finished business, if under consideration at
the adjournment.
Mr. BURCHARD. I should object to that,
because the Military Committee have two
evening sessions besides their regular morning
hour.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs is the next to be called in the
morning liour. If the bill goes over it might
be agreed that it should go over till the next
call of that committee during the morning
li our.
Mr. BURCHARD. I should have no ob-
jection to that.
The SPEAKER. The bill might as well be
recommitted as it can be reported whenever
the committee has a morning hour.
Mr. STOUGHTON. 1 ask, then, that it be
recommitted.
Mr. BURCHARD. With tbe understand-
ing that it shall not be brought back on a
motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The Chajjr hears no ob-
jection to that understands®; and it will be
so ordered.
nationa l ckmeteries.
Mr. COBURN, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that it pass, the bill (H. R. No.
1272) to amend an act entitled "An act to
establish and protect national cemeteries,"
approved Februaiy 22, 1867.
The bill, which was read, provides that sec
tion one of an act entitled "An act to estab-
lish and to protect national cemeteiies," ap-
proved February 22, 1867, be amended as fol-
lows : the Secretary of War shall cause each
grave to be marked with a small head stone,
with the name of the soldier and the name of
his State inscribed thereon, when the same
are known, in addition to the number required
to be inscribed by said section ; and he shall,
within ninety days from the passage of this
act, advertise for sealed proposals ot bids for
the making and erection of such bead-stones,
which advertisements shall be made for sixty
days successively in at least twenty news-
papers of general circulation in the United
States, and shall call for bids for the doing of
said work, in whole or in part; and upon the
opening of such bids, the Secretary of War
shall, without delay, award the conn acts for
said work to the lowest responsible bidder or
bidders, in whole or in part; and said bidders
shall give bond to bis satisfaction for the faith-
ful completion of the work.
Mr. COBURN. Mr. Speaker, I wish to say
a word on this bill. The law at present re-
quires the head-boards we now erect, and the
name to be put on them and registered. The
only change in tbe law is that the name of the
man and his State should be put upon tbe head-
stone. It strikes me if we can afford to do
anything we can afford to put on the name of
the man who died for his country. The pres-
ent boards cost from seventy-five cents to two
dollars and a half apiece. Good stones can be
erected, twenty-seven by ten inches, at about
three dollars apiece. I have estimates from
men engaged in the business. I shall ask two
papers to be read. We will have to renew
these boards by the thousands in a few years.
Little iron blocks put upon the graves as the
Quartermaster General suggests, would be
stolen for old iron. The only way is toput bead-
stones which will only cost a little more than
these board, and they will be permanent and
endure for all time.
The Clerk read as follows:
Wak Department,
Quartermaster General's Office,
Washington, D. 0., Junuaiy a, 1872.
General: In reply to yours of the 6th instant, re-
questing: information relative to erecting wooden
head-boards at soldiers' graves in national ceme-
teries, replacing those decayed by wooden stakes, and
inviting suggestions us to legislation and statement
of tacts necessary in the consideration of the subject,
I have the honor to report as follows:
The cost of the wooden head-boards originally
placed at the graves of deceased Union soldiers was
troui seventy-live cents to $2 50, or at an average of
$1 55 eacb. Fiom the 1st ot July, 1870. to Januaiy 1,
1S7.4. thirty thousand six hundred and fifteen head-
stakes were erected to replace decayed wooden head-
boards, atan averagecostot thirty-fourand one third
cents each, or an aggregate cost of $10,410 50.
Tlie act ol Congress of February 22, 1867, ''to es-
tablish and to protect national cemeteries," pro-
scribe* that the Secretary ot' War shall "cause each
grave to be marked with asmall head-stone or block
with the number of the grave inscribed thereon,
corresponding with the number opposite to the name
ot the party m a register of burials to be kept at
each cemetery, and at the office ot the Quarierinas-
ter General, which shall set forth the name, rank,
company, regiment, and date of death ot the officer
or soldier; or, if unknown, it shall be so recorded."
Duriug the month of November, 1866, proposals
for zmked cast-iron head-blocks, with name, rank,
company, regiment, date of death, and number of
grave cast thereon, were largely advertised tor trom
thisoffic.*; the bnls were received and opened in the
presence of the bidders on November 30,1866.
The lowest bid was that of Messrs. Strong k
Donohoe, of this city, who offered to deliver nt the
cemeteries the whole number, 318,0U0, tor $367,602,
or at an avciage ot SI 15 317-5G0 each.
All the bids, together with a calculated schedule,
and a tabular statement ot the various prices, were
transmitted to the War Jjepartuient December 17,
1866; but no action was had m the matter for about
one year.
On December 1U, 1867. the acting Quartermaster
General (Brevet Major General I). II. ltuekor) for-
warded to the War Department a report on grave-
marks, walls, and lodges. Ill regard to head-blocks
ho reported ihe action of this o (Bee as above detailed,
and continued as follows :
" I have the honor iurther to state that a board to
consider the subject ot head-stones or head-blocks,
consisting of General U. S. Grant, Brevet M.j< r
Generals M. C. Meigs Quartermaster General; , J.
K. Barnes, Surgeon General; A. B. Dyer, chief of
ordnance, and A. A. Humphreys, chiet of engi-
neers, United States Army, was appointed by
Special Orders No. 235, Adjutant General's Office,
of May 7, 1867, and reported to the Secretary of
War May 9, 1867, that the board is ot the opinion
that the east-iron head-block referred to above is
the best, most durable, most economical, and most
appropiiute form of head-block; and that their
average cost is SI 15 317-531), being the lowest, ot one
hundred and live bids leccived by the Quarter-
m-isterG-cner.il, and that, the aggi estate cost ot the
318,000 lequiied is $367,602. ,
"Brevet Major General A. B. Dyer, chief of ord~
nance, in a separate report, annexed to the above,
gives it as his opinion that where wooden head-
boards have been put over the graves it will be on
unnecessary expense to replace them with the cast-
iron head-blocks, and that it is not at all important
that each grave should have a head-block.
" The same board was convened May 13, 1867. (by
an indorsement, by order of the Secretary of War,
on a letter of Messrs. Nesslo, and Tuylor,) and re-
ported to the Secretary ot War, M.iv 16, 1867. that
none of the various propositions of Blessis. IScssle
and Taylor, or others, offers a head-block superior
in durability and economy to the one rc'cominenclea
for adoption in their report of May 9 1867.
"The same board was reconvened May 24, loo/,
: to examine and report upon nil piopositions wbica
i should be rubuiitted to it, and reported to tbe fceo-
retary ot War, June 3. 1867, that it adhered to cno
conclusions previously arrived at; and reportea
further that ttie blocks of hot cast porcelain ,*re as
good and durable as those of castnon; butthoooara
