480
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 30,
Ho. of Reps.
Ku Klux Outrages—Mr. Cobum.
4 2d Cong....2d Sess.
was called the Invisible Empire. Plato Dur-
ham, a lawyer and member of the Legislature,
one of the most prominent and influential
Democrats in the State, testifies that he was
a member, and to its existence, signs, pass-
words, and secrecy; testifies to the order being
divided into Klans with their chiefs, and that
forty members had sw.orn in council that the
organization was intended to break up the
Government. He himself says that the object
of the society was mutual protection, just as
General Gordon, of Georgia, General Forrest,
of Tennessee, and Judge Wright, of Georgia,
have testified. His words.are as follows :
"Question. Apart from public rumor and from the
transactions to which you have referred—the Big-
gerstaff case and others—do you know of any secret
organization in your State?
"Ansxoer. At this time?
"'Question. Yes, sir.
"Answer. No, sir; not at this time. I know of
an organization which did exist in that State.
"Question. What was that organization ?
*'Answer. It was an organization" for mutual pro-
tection and defense.
"Question. What was the ground which led to the
formation of that organization? What was its
object and purpose?
"Answer. I do not know what was the original
purpose of those who organized it; in fact, I do not
know who did organize it. I know very little about
it. In 18G8 the Legislature, at its first session under
the new State constitution, passed what people gen-
erally believed to be a very objectionable militia
bill. It gave the Governor power, I believe, to re-
ceive six regiments of infantry and three of cavalry,
volunteer forces, to be paid out of the treasury of
the State, whenever in his judgment necessity de-
manded the calling out of that number of men ; and
to detail any number of militia that ho might see
proper to operate in the State, whenever he thought
necessary. It was something after the plan of Mr.
Brownlow's militia in Tennessee. It was believed
that if this militia force was organized, most of the
miiitiaiuen would perhaps be negroes, and would
commit many depredations upon the country. We
did not know at that time whether Governor ilolden
would attempt it or not. But itseeins that he after-
waiddidso. The legislative address, of which I have
already spoken, had just been issued, in thesummer
of that year, 1868. About the latter part of 18G8, or
the beginning of 1869, I knew of the existence of an
organization for mutual protection and defense in
case it should be necessary."
In the innocent name of protection this
formidable and bloody organization reared its
bead in State after State* Protection against
whom? Protection against the negroes who
during four years of war while their masters
were in the field made no attempt at insurrec-
tion, who labored and waited obediently, qui-
etly, patiently, and neither harbored a thought
of revenge or indulged in the excesses which
the absence of their controlling power might
have induced. Protection to women and chil-
dren is the cry raised by men who went off four
years to fight against and destroy the Govern-
ment,and loft their women and children without
protection in the hands of these very negroes.
Protection was the pretext, a bald, shame-
less, hypocritical pretext, for an organization
intended to put white rebels in power and
keep them there, to break down the Repub-
lican party, to defy reconstruction, to check
progress, and to stifle the rights of men just
made free citizens; a pretext for still hold-
ing the rod in their hands and driving the poor
black man to labor and to keep him in fear
and submission ; a pretext for a tyranny, as
abominable as history records. The newly
enfranchised man dared to go about without a
pass, dared to bold his head up. dared to assert
his rights in a contract, dared to walk on a
sidewalk, meeting a white man without cring-
ing, dared to beat a drum, dared to muster,
dared to own property and get along thriftily,
saving his earnings—and he must be "man-
aged," in the language of a partisan Ku Ivlux
witness; and alt this is done at the beck and
nod of a party in those States who have by
this mean? in some of them obtained control.
A party whose awful crimes has demoralized
and dispersed its members ; a party which
has exhausted the whole catalogue of infamies
and vUlauies and can find nothing to which to
resort; a party which has tried fraud, lies,
slander, a perversion of the ballot, assassina-
tion, and treason, and failed, has no other
weapons outside of the abode of lost souls
with which to struggle for mastery, and must
of necessity expire. They have scattered;
they have fled like wild beasts from the eye
of the hunter; they are crying for the rocks
and mountains to fall upon and hide their
iniquity ; they hate their own name; they shriek
for amnesty; they gasp for oblivion ; they tear
off the grave clothes of dead Republicans and
put them on; they hug frantically Chase,
Greeley, Gratz Brown, and Trumbull, They
are for reconstruction, for all the amendments,
for negro .suffrage, for anything to wipe off the
frightful gouts of blood from their hands.
But it will not do. All the waters of the vast
deep cannot do that, much less Cincinnati,
much less the Liberals.
But, as if blinded by some mysterious power,
these men who once dominated the South will
not look upon facts as they are. They attribute
their want of material prosperity to Repub-
lican management, and assign as the only
reason the deeds of their political opponents.
There is loud complaint that business is dull,
improvements are slow, and prosperity is ban-
ished, and this is given as a partial excuse
for existing outlawry. No wonder that times
are dull and business is unprofitable. The
laborer has no protection ; he is beaten, perse-
cuted, wronged, cheated, intimidated, and
robbed by his white superiors. He has no
encouragement to work, and under such cir-
cumstances he will not work. He cannot buy
land, he cannot get a home, he has no founda-
tion upon which to build. Samuel Tutson, a
citizen of Clay county, Florida, thus testifies to
persecutions and to the outrageous deprivation
of his land :
"Question. Did they blindfold you before they
began to whip you?
"Answer. Yes, sir; and they stripped me just as
naked as your hand; they took every rag off of me,
and took my shirt and tore it up, and took a piece
and blindfolded me, and then took another piece
and twisted it up and put it into my mouih, like a
bridle bit, so that I could not holler.
"Question. Were you standing up ?
"Answer. All the time.
" Question. Did they tie you to anything?
"Answer, They made me hug a tree and tied my
hands together.
" Question. When they got through whipping you,
what dtd they do?
"Answer. They went and tore down my house, and
said that they were going to whip lis as long as they
wanted to ; and then they were going to tie us up by
the thumbs and let us hang awhile; and then hang
us by the neck until we were dead; and then fling
us into Number Eleven pond.
"Question. Did they untie you when they were
done whipping you?
"Answer. They did not untie me when they got
done their whipping, but I got loose while they were
tearing down my house. Two of them stayed there,
and the rest went to the house, and when iny wife
broke loose thev ran to her. and 1 got clear.
" Question. Who whipped your wife?
"Answer. Allof them; she can tell you aboutthat
more than I can.
" Question. What did they whip you for—what did
they have against you?
"Answer. Bccause I would not give up my land to
Mr. Winn. I bought a man's improvements, a man
by the name of Free Thompson. Mr. Tire and Mr.
Thompson were first cousins. After Thompson was
gone with my money that I let him have tor his im-
provements, Tire came there and said that it was his
land. I asked him why ho did not let me know
when I first came there, and he said he wanted me
to do a heap of work there before he bothered me.
I said.. 'Are you going to give me anything at all for
what I gave for the land?' He said, 'No.' I said,
'Are you going to give me anything for the crop in
the ground?' Jle said, 'No.' I said, 'Are you
going to give me anything at all for the improve-
ments I have put on?' He said, ' No.'"
Again, on this subject, Robert Meacham, of
Gadsden county, Florida, testifies that colored
men cannotpurchase land. With suicidal foliy
their enemies prevent this:
" Question. Are they procuring homes for them-
selves?
"Answer. Yery few of them.
"Question. Why is that?
"Ansxoer. It is for the want of means to buy land;
that is one reason; another reason is that they do
not have a chance to buy the land.
"Question. How so?
"Answer. Those who have it will not sell it.
"Question. Do you mean that they will not sell it at
all, or that they will not sell it to colored men ?
"Answer. It is some of both ; they will not sell itto
colored men, for one thing; and another reason is
that they ask so much for it that colored people can-
not buy it.
"Question. Do you think there is any disposition
among people who hold the land to prevent col-
ored people from buying land and obtaining homes?
"Answer. I think so.
"Question. What would be the disposition of your
people in that respect, if they had the opportunity ?
"Answer. I think most of them, not all, would
try and get homes. I believe there will always be
some who will not try to be of any account, but two
thirds of them or more would try and get homes."
And yet these men want capitalists to come
in. They wonder why labor has no rewards;
they madly cry out against the reconstruction
acts as the cause of all their woes. When
will they learn the great lesson that the only
foundation of prosperous society is in the pro-
tection and advancement of the laboring man,
and that all other growth is hollow and worth-
less ?
Abram Colby, a member of the Georgia
Legislature, testifies as follows to the same
effect; he is a prominent man and widely
acquainted:
"Question. Suppose that your people had protection
so that they could live at home peaceably with their
families and attend to their business, what would be
their preference; to gather in the towns or to go
into the coun-try ?
"Answer. They would all go into the country on
farms; but wherever they now go into the country
and make anything at all, if their crops are good
they are driven off bofore they can get a chance to
gather them. The owner of the place may try to
protect them, but he cannot do it. If they make any-
thing the first year they are driven off the second
year.
"Question. Has that been donein many instances ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; that is the case in my county,
and I have talked with many persons here, and find
that it is a general thing in all the counties.
"Question. Is that a common feeling among the
white people of Georgia that the negroes shall not
make anything ?
" Answer. Yes, sir; I think it is the feeling that
the negroes&hall not have anything at all.
"Question. That is not the way with all of them ?
"Answer. I do not say it is the way with all of
them. Some of them talk right, but at the end of
the year you do not get any more from those who
talk right than from those who talk rash. Some
tew will give you what you make, and at night
otheis will come and take it away from you, so
that you lose it all anjhow. If our people could
have any showing to work, I assure you that you
would find in Georgia just as industrious colored
people as anywhere in the world. Here, in this
place, I suppose there are three or four thousand
colored people who would to-day be out on tarms if
they could be allowed to stay there; while here
they hardly make their bread. Just as quick as they
go out into the country on farms they are run off by
disguised parties. As soon as their crops are made
they are driven off and not allowed to gather them.
They are here suffering through the whiter because
they are not allowed to remain in the country.
"Question. How is it about owning land; have
your people been able to buy much land ?
"Answer. Not a great deal. A great many of
them have bought as high as a hundred or a hun-
dred and fifty acres, but they have to live as poorly
as they can or they will be driven off. Many of
them have fifteen or twenty acres each, in different
counties, but they cannot go near it.
"Question. Suppose they were able to go out into
the country and buy what land they could pay for,
more or less, and live upon it, and cultivate it, what
would be their disposition in regard to it ?
Answer. It would be to make all they could, and
live happily, and never interfere with the white
people at all. There never has been known in my
county any instance where a colored man has at-
tacked a white man. They are just as obedient and
humble now as when they were slaves, and in many
cases more so, I think.
" Question. Do you think there is a pretty general
disposition on their part to own land?
" Answer. Yes, sir, there is."
When the laboring man suffers these wrongs
what must become of the country? Can theie
be any prosperity, any growth, any advance-
ment? Let such things prevail, and the wolves
will succeed the Ku Klux in controlling that
State, and in my humble judgment it would
be a better condition of society than that
