1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
2325
$217,000, and this appropriation only calls for
$60,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from Kansas.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I desire to offer an
amendment, to which I presume there will be
no objection. It is to insert at the end of the
second section of the bill the following pro-
viso :
Provided, That no annuity, either of money or
Koods, provided for in this act shall bo paid to tribes
which are at war with the United States.
Mr. HARLAN. There is no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I offer another amend-
ment. to insert on page 54, after line thirteen
hundred and nine, the following:
For refunding to "William E. Daugherty the
amount of loss sustained by him when attacked by
the Ogallalla band of Sioux, $2,008 25.
I will state that this is recommended by the
Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. HARLAN. I will inquire whether that
is not a private claim?
Mr. COLE. Most certainly it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator make the point of order?
Mr. HARLAN. I do.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
sustains the point of order.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole were concurred in.
Mr. HARLAN. I will offer one amend-
ment only, and that relates to surveys. I
think there ought to be some provision in the
bill for the prosecution of surveys of the Indian
reservations. I will not debate it. I desire
the judgment of the Senate upon it. I think
the Secretary has a memoranda containing
the verbiage of such an amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I think some such amend-
ment ought to be made. We have agreed to
locate several Indian tribes, and we cannot do
it unless we have a survey of the ground.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed amend-
ment, which was to insert, after line fifteen
hundred and fifty the following:
For tho surveys of exterior boundaries of Indian
reservations and subdividing portions of the same,
$.300,000.
Mr. COLE. 1 hold in my hand protests
from the Indians owning the lands that will be
surveyed under this appropriation—I refer to
the Cboctaws, Chickasaws, and Creeks—pro-
testing against these surveys, and I suppose
their wishes in the matter ought to be listened
to. They set forth reasons which seem to me
to be very good against this proceeding that
is proposed by the chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs. I think for the reason, if
no other, that they do not desire their lands to
be surveyed, we ought not to force the surveys
upon them. I will give one reason stated by
them. They state that they now hold their
lands virtually in severalty, but still Go far in
common that while persons cannot come in
and purchase of them, and so root them out,
as it were, from their reservations. For ex-
ample, by a rule in their settlements a person
is not allowed to settle within half a mile of
any other pe«on, but of course he can culti-
vate the land near which his residence is. In
that way they do not encroach upon each
other. But if the lands were held actually in
severalty, each owning bis particular farm of
six hundred and forty acres, or whatever it
might be, presently they would be interfered
with by men from other tribes, and perhaps
other races of men coming in and settling
among them, and interfering vsry seriously
with their arrangements upon the Indian ter-
ritory. I submit that the wishes of the Indi-
ans ought to be regarded in a matter of this
sort, and they are earnest and really very for-
cible in protesting against these surveys.
Mr. HARLAN. I have read that protest,
and have since seen the gentleman who
presented it, Colonel Adair, who doubtless
drew it up, a man of great intelligence, and
he says, what the memorial itself says, that
they do not wish their whole reservation
divided at this time. The treaty with the
Creeks, Cherokees, and Choctaws provides
that the United States shall survey their lands
and subdivide them when they may request
it, and it will not be done before, as a matter
of course It cannot be done without a viola-
tion of the treaty until they request it. But
that memorial only applies to the Creeks and
Cherokees, as the Senator will observe by look-
ing at the signatures. There is no intention
of surveying any of the lands where the In-
dians do not desire them to be subdivided.
But the lands west of the present reservations
of the Cherokees and Creeks, which they have
ceded to tho United States for other Indians,
ought to be surveyed, because in the treaties
with some of these other tribes it is provided
that they may take their lands in severalty and
may have a certificate of head right to the
lands.
So much for the Indian territory. Then
there are various other reservations where we
have agreed by treaty to subdivide the lands.
What these Cherokees and Creeks protest
against cannot be done, without a violation of
the treaty, until they first consent, and as they
do not consent, of course not a dollar will be
applied to the survey of their lands.
Mr. POMEROY. You can amend this
amendment by saying that when they consent
thereto the work shall be done.
Mr. COLE. That is in the treaty; and I
will state here how these Indians were, as they
allege themselves, imposed upon. The treaty
says that the surveys shall be made when re- ■
quested thereto by the Creeks and Choctaws,
the two tribes, the word "and" coming in
between the two: but in the law making the
appropriation of some $444,000 two years ago
it was made to read that the surveys should be
made when the Choctaws or Creeks, whichever
it might be, requested it, leaving it in the dis-
cretion of either one of the tribes of Indians
to have it done. That was in violation of the
treaty; but, nevertheless, under the law there
was a system of surveying carried on, I believe,
and a very large amount of money used up in
that business. I think we have gone quite far
enough in that direction. I do not care about
repeating what I have said on the subject of a
large appropriation for the same purpose made
heretofore.
Mr. HARLAN. I can explain that to the
honorable Senator. He errs when he sup-
poses it was the Choctaws and Creeks. It was
the Choctaws and Chickasaws that made the
treaty.
Mr. COLE. I do not remember the names
of the tribes particularly.
Mr. HARLAN. And the Choctaws did not
want their reservation surveyed. The Chicka-
saws did desire theirs to be surveyed, and Con-
gress provided that the lands belonging to the
Chickasaws might be surveyed, they having
asked for it and desiring it to be done.
Mr. COLE. But the treaty was to the effect
that it should be done only when required by
the two tribes jointly.
Mr. HARLAN. That is merely a construc-
tion of the law. The Choctaws, who did not
own an acre of land within the Chickasaw
reservation, protested against the survey of
lands belonging to the Chickasaws. Of course
the Department disregarded their protest, as
it did not relate to their own lands, and sur-
veyed the reservation belonging to the Chicka-
saws, those Indians desiring it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, i inquire of
the Senator whether it is tho purpose to sur-
vey all the lands west of ninety-six degrees?
Mr. HARLAN. Only so fast as it may be
desirable for the purpose of the location of
other Indians on those lauds.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is not, then,
the idea to make a general survey, according
to our notions of surveys of the public lands,
but simply so far as to fulfill treaty stipula-
tions with the Indians?
Mr. HARLAN. That is my understanding
of the recommendation of the Department.
Mr. POMEROY. It is only the exterior
boundaries.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is to survey
the exterior boundaries, and not to subdivide
it into the divisions known in a general
survey ?
Mr. HARLAN. To survey the exterior
boundaries of any reservation where it may
be necessary, and to subdivide such of them
as the Government has agreed to subdivide.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. To that extent
it does not seem to me objectionable; but it
occurs to me that one half the sum named will
answer, and if the Senator has no positive
opinion to the contrary, I would feel at liberty
to move to reduce it one half. I make that
motion.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator is
as familiar with tho subject as I am, and I
would rely on his judgment quite as much as I
would on my own. I shall not oppose that
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the general
purpose is to survey tho exterior boundaries,
as I suppose it is, then it may bo important,
I conceive, if, as I hope, we shall put these
Indians upon this country, that the division
lines between them should be surveyed, and
the subdivisions also to the extent that may
be involved in these treaties. I move to amend
the amendment by reducing the amount one
half.
The amend ment to the amendment was
agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the Senator
from Iowa as amended.
Mr. ROBERTSON. When that amendment
was offered in Committee of the Whole 1
asked the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and also the chairman of tho Commit-
tee on Appropiiations, if they could give us an
account of how the appropriation which was
made less than two years ago of $444,000
was expended in surveying. They failed to
account for that very large sum which was
then appropriated for surveys. I hope the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
has by this time obtained that information,
and is now able to account for that expend-
iture. I await his answer.
Mr. HARLAN. I attempted to state gen-
erally at that time how T supposed that money
or a portion of it at least had been applied. I.
have learned by inquiry merely at the Depart-
ment—I have no written memoranda on tho
subject—that they have surveyed the reserva-
tion of the Choctaws, and have surveyed a
portion of the lands formerly belonging to the
Cherokees, lying west of ninety-six degrees, a
part of the lands formerly belonging to the
Creeks and Seminoles, and some lands, I
believe, in the leased district where they are
now locating the Indians who were brought in
from the plains, and the Wichitas and Kicka-
poos, who have been brought in from Texas,
and surveys have been made, as I understand,
in some of the other Territories, small res-
ervations in Nebraska, and some I think in
Dakota. I cannot give the honorable Senator
the number of dollars that have been applied
in each case, for I am not sure that the returns
have all been made yet; probably they have
not been ; and I submit to him that it would
be quite as fair to call on the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs to tell him how
every dollar appropriated last year for the sup-
port of the Army had been applied as to call
on iwe to tell how every dollar appropriated for
the support of Indians had been applied, or
for any other branch of that service.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I called on the Sen-
