f 1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3221
' that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
• The latter motion was agreed to.
major john' w. todd.
Mr. SLOCUM also, from the same commit-
top r'eDorted back, with the recommendation
that it do pass, the bill (H R No. 1709) for
- the relief Major John W. iodd.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
Department in the settlement of the accounts
of Major John W. Todd, of the ordnance de-
partment, United States Army, to credit him
with the sum of $3,000, upon production by
said officer of satisfactory proof that said
amount was stolen from him by a clerk as-
signed to duty under him by competent mili-
tary Authority, and that such loss occurred
through no fault or negligence on the part of
said officer.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed aud
read a third time; and being_ engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. SLOCUM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adverse reports.
Mr. SLOCUM also, from the same commit-
tee, reported adversely on petitions and bills
of the following titles; and the same weresev-
eially laid upon the table :
Petition of Lieutenant B. B. Waller, twen-
tieth Kentucky infantry;
A bill (H. R. No. 156) to place Lieutenant
Oliver Lutnphney on the retired list of Army
officers, with like pay as other officers of the
same grade upon the retired list ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2140) creating a profes-
sorship of dental surgery at the United States
Military Academy at West Point and the
United States Naval Academy at Annapolis ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1826) for therelief of Jacob
Dice, of Fountain county, Indiana;
A bill (H, R. No. 241) to relieve all per-
sons engaged in the volunteer military service
of the United States at the close of the war of
the rebellion from t,he disability of desertion
on account of absenting themselves from their
respective regiments and companies without
leave; and
Petition of Schuyler Hamilton, of New York,
to be placed on the retired list of the Army, to
date from February 27, 1863.
Mr. SLOCUM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the above-named petitions and bills
were laid on the table; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bettrkd army officers.
Mr. SLOCUM also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2697) relative
to retired officers of the Army ; which was read
a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that all officers of the United States Army who
may hereafter be retired shall be retired upon
the actual rank held by them at the date of
retirement.
The second section provides that hereafter
all retired officers shall be paid the amount
prescribed for retired officers of the rank held
by them in the regular Army at the date of
their retirement; and that the thirty-second
section of the act to fix the military peace
esiablishment of the United States, approved
July 28, I860, is hereby repealed.
lir. SARGENT. Does this bill increase
the pay of retired officers?
Mr. SLOCUM. No, sir; it decreases the
pay of all of their
Mr. HOAR. Is this a substitute for the
Senate bill on that subject ?
Mr. SLOCUM. It is not; this is a bill that
originated in the House Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. HOAR. Is there not a Senate bill
before the committee relating to this same
general subject?
Mr. SLOCUM. I have no recollection of
any.
Mr. STOUGHTON. There is none.
Mr. DVELL. Does this bill repeal the exist-
ing provision of law upon this subject?
Mr. SLOCUM. It repeals the thirty-second
section of the act fixing the military peace
establishment.
Mr. DUELL. I have received letters from
two or three officers who are retired under the
present act to which my colleague [Mr. Slo-
cum] has referred, and who are very strongly
opposed to the passage of this bill. It seems
to me that we shall do injustice to a very mer-
itorious class of officers who served their coun-
try faithfully, many of whom lost limbs in the
service, and who have been retired under the
present act. It seems to me that act ought
not to be disturbed, but ought to remain in
force.
Mr. PETERS. Does this bill take the
emoluments and pay from officers who have
already received it, and also cut them down in
their emoluments ?
Mr. SLOCUM. I will state the effect of
the bill. Some three months ago I introduced
a bill repealing that section of the law of 1866
which allowed officers to be retired at a rank
above that which they ever held in actual ser-
vice, repealing the law under which captains
were retired as major generals, and lieutenants
as biigadier generals, but not disturbing them
up to the present time. When that subject
came before the Military Committee for con-
sideration, that committee, with entire unan-
imity, agreed upon a bill that should apply to
those now on the retired list, putting them all
upon the same footing under the same jaw
which has prevailed in our Government since
its foundation to the present time. That law
was one which retired officers according to the
actual rank held by them at the time of their
reti rement.
This is uot my bill; but it is one which I
am instructed by the Committee on Military
Affairs to report. I believe it is a just and
proper measure and that it should pass. It is
very well for gentlemen to say that it will be
injurious to certain individuals. That is true ;
there is no question about that. But all through
our country there are men who are now draw-
ing no pay whatever ; in every town and vil-
lage throughout this land there are crippled
officers and soldiers who are receiving no
bounty whatever from the Government. It is
a glaring injustice to have some favored few
who have never held any rank above that of
captain drawing pay as general officers. We
propose to stop all that; I think it is right and
proper to do so, and I believe no gentleman
can rise on this floor and offer any reasonable
objection to it.
Mr. PETERS. Does this bill take from
retired officers what has already been received
by them ?
Mr. SLOCUM. It does not.
Mr. PETERS. It affects their pay for the
future.
Mr. SLOCUM. From and after the passage
of this bill, young men who held the rank of
captain, and under the provision of the present
law have been retired as general officers, will
have their pay brought down to that of captain,
as it ought to be. . .
Mr. PETERS. I think when the invitation
has been given an officer, and he has accepted
it and has been retired upon larger pay, and
has received it to the present time, he ought
to continue to receive it.
Mr. SLOCUM. I introduced a bill pro-
viding for exactly what the gentlema,n desires;
but the committee overruled me unanimously.
I think there was not a dissenting voice in the
committee.
Mr. PETERS. Will the gentleman allow
me to offer an amendment which will test the
sense of the House upon the proposition whieh
was embraced in his bill?
Mr. SLOCUM. Certainly.
Mr. DONNAN. My colleague on the com-
mittee, the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Slocum,] states that this bill is the unanimous
report of the committee. In that he is mis-
taken ; it is only the report of the majority of
the committee, and in my opinion it ought not
to pass. In cases where officers, for merito-
rious conduct in the volunteer service, have
been retired upon the rank which they earned
at the cost of a leg, or an arm, or an almost
fatal wound, it will take from such men the
pay we have heretofore granted them. To
that I object; and I so voted in the committee.
Mr. SLOCUM. I take back what I have
said about the bill being unanimously reported.
I was under that impression ; but I fiud that I
was mistaken.
Mr. HALE. I have ah amendment to offer
which will embody the proposition indicated
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Slo-
cuit. ] By his leave I wish to say a word in
support of that proposition.
The House will bear in mind that all our
legislation upon the Army and Navy has been
upon the basis of not cutting down ranks pre-
viously established. Of course there have
been done, with regard to both Army and Navy,
many things which upon exact scrutiny might
not perhaps have been done. But wherever
deserving men have gained a position, and
have made their plans in life dependent upon
it, we have always been careful that they
should not be injuriously affected by any new
legislation. We have provided, for instance,
that certain ranks and certain pay should ex-
pire with the lives of the persons holding the
rank or drawing the pay. But inall our legis-
lation we have sedulously provided that no
deserving man who has gained a position, or
rank, or pay, should have that taken away
and all his calculations and prospects in life
disappointed.
Now, there are certain officers who, as has
been said by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Donnan,] gained in the volunteer service by
meritorious and gallant conduct certain pro-
motion—gained it perhaps at the loss of u leg
or an arm. lknow a very gallant soldier and
gentleman in my own State, who, giving up
home and luxury and friends, went into ser-
vice in a subordinate position and gained pro-
motion there. He lost a leg, and is to-day a
cripple, carrying about with him constantly an
uuenvied and unceasing burden of pain. He
was promoted for his gallant conduct ; his
rank entitled him to it, and his meritorious
conduct added to the desert of his rank. He
was promoted to the rank of brigadier gen-
eral, and retired upon that rank.
Mr. SARGENT. Then this bill does not
affect him.
Mr. HALE. At any rate, my proviso will
settle that. He is now drawing pay for the
rank in the volunteer service upon which he
was retired. I hope members of the House
will consider well before they discriminate
against men who in the volunteer service, not
as regular officers, gained distinction. Is it
right, is it fair, that an officer such as I have
referred to—and I refer to him only because I
know of his case; he is not alone—should be
cut down to the pay for instance of a captain
after he has formed all his plans and expecta-
tions in life upon the action already had in his
case?
The gentleman from California [Mr.  AR-
gjsxt] says that this bill would not afreet
such a case. It might or it might not. At
any rate, the amendment which L propose to
