1872,
THE COKGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
1429
utilizing this island. These are the main fea-
tures of the bill.
A word as to the character of the island,
Th,qre are probably many gentlemen in the
House who have not visited the harbor of San
Francisco, and who are not acquainted with
this island. To such I desire to say that its
area is one hundred and twenty-eigljt acres;
that in the main it is a rocky elevation,, three
hundred feet high- at its highest part,, and with
little or no arable land upon it. It is now in
the possessiou of th« Government, and is not
used for any purpose, save that half a com-
pany of troops are garrisoned tlie?e. The
present terminus of the railroad is in the bay
of San Francisco, about one half to three quar-.
ters of a mile from, this island, the company
having erected a pier to a point within this
distance, and about two miles from the wharves
of San Francisco. A vessel now arriving in
the harbor of San Francisco- with a cargo des-
tined Bast is obliged to have that cargo carted
to warehouses, and when ready for shipment
it is carted back to lighters and lightered over
to the depot of this railroad company, leading
not only to delay but to considerable expense.
Eleven years' experience in the management
of railroads has enabled me to calculate some-
what accurately the expense now imposed upon
the eastern commerce of San Francisco, The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Chooser]
and my colleague from New York, [Mr. Wil-
liams,] both railroad men, agree with me that
a charge of two dollars, a ton is now imposed
by the present mode of doing business upon
the commerce of San Francisco, which would
be avoided were this road allowed to use one
half of this island for a terminus, as vessels of
the largest draught would then be enabled to
reach the wharf of this company, where they
would have a depth of eighty feet of water.
Mr. Speaker, the committee have reported
this bill in the interest of the commerce of
this country. They believe the Government
owes commerce in the harbor of San Fran-
cisco precisely the same facilities it owes it
in the harbor of New York, of Boston, or of
Philadelphia, and other places; and no one
during the entire discussion has ever under-
taken to controvert this position. I trust that
the opponents of the bill will not, as formerly,
overlook this point in their discussion of it.
In this instance the same facilities may be given
to commerce by the Government simply allow-
ing this company the use of one half of this
island, which will not be to the detriment of
the Government; and I have the authority of
the late Major General George H. Thomas
and of the present General of the Army that
this will be a real benefit to the Government,
for the reason that it will enable the Govern-
ment to bring munitions of war to this island
from the main land.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I yield ten minutes to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. McKinney,]
and consent that the amendment he desires to
offer shall be regarded as pending.
japanese embassy.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Morgan,]
who was appointed this morning on the com-
mittee to receive the Japanese embassy, is
confined to his room by indisposition, and the
Chair therefore appoints in his place Mr. Rob-
inson, of Illinois.
central pacific railroad.
Mr. McKINNEY. I move to add at the
end of the bill the following:
Provided, Said railroad company shall pay to the
Treasury or the United States annually a sum of
J50,000 for the use of one half of said island as pro-
vided in this bill.
' Mr. COBDRN. Will the gentleman from
Ohio allow me to have an amendment read ?
Mr. McKINNEY. If it does not come out
of my time I will.
Mr. WHEELER. 1 have not yielded for
the purpose of allowing amendments to be
offered. I-yielded twenty minutes to the gen-
tleman from- Ohio to offer his amendment and
to make some remarks,
The SPEAKER. The Chair will consider
these amendments as read for information, and
not as offered- and pending.
Mr. KILLINGER. I hope the chairman
of our committee will allow these amendments
to be read by unanimous consent, without com-
ing out of the time of the gentleman from Ohio,
so that we may hear what these propositions are.
I do not believe there is any objection to that.
The SPEAKER. The time must come out
of the- morning hour- and out of somebody's
time. The gentleman from New York can
say whether it comes out of his time or the
time of some one else.
Mr. WHEELER. It does not come out of
my time.
Mr. COBURN. My amendment might have
been read five times over by this time. I ask
that it be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert
in lieu thereof the following :
That the Secretary of War is hereby reauired to
have the island of Yerba Buena, in the bay of San
Francisco, surveyed by the officers of the engineer
corps, who shall forthwith examine and make report
whether the same, in whole or part, is needed for
the purpose of fortification and military defense,
and whether or not it is practicable to dispose of
any portion thereof: and to designate what por-
tions may be needed for a principal fort and for
shore batteries, and the proper ways and communi-
cation ncoessary to come at the same.
Mr. WHEELER. It must be distinctly
understood that I do not consent to the amend-
ment being considered as pending.
The SPEAKER. The amendment is not
pending.
Mr. McKINNEY'. I yield to the gentleman
from Connecticut [Mr. Strong] to offer an
amendment for the purpose of having it read.
Mr. STRONG. 1 send the following amend-
mend to the desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided further, That said railroad-company shall
pay or cause to be paid into the Treasury of the
United States such sum of money as the Secretary
of War shall decide to be just and reasonable com-
pensation for the estate hereby granted.
Mr. McKINNEY. In the brief time al-
lowed me to explain the reasons why I have
offered the amendment which I have sent to
the desk, I must necessarily hasten abruptly
to the statement of the facts.
The Union Pacific Railroad Company, em-
bracing the Central and Western, have re-
ceived from the Government of the United
States subsidies of land to the amount of over
twenty-five million acres, and they have re-
ceived subsidies in bonds to the amount of over
fifty-five million dollars. They have received
more of subsidies from the Government than
•it cost to build their road. The Govern-
ment has built their road and left enough in
their hands to make them a wealthy corpor-
ation, one of the most wealthy in the world.
And now, sir, they come into this House
and ask that they shall be subsidized again.
They ask for property worth, as shown by the
testimony, from two to five million dollars, or
I can say from two to ten millions. The low-
est reliable estimate, I believe, that has been
made, is $2,000,000."
Although I have doubts, Mr. Speaker, after
reading the reports of the military engineers,
who were sent there to examine and report
upon the question, whether this property should
pass out of the control of the Government;
whether, under any circumstances, the Govern-
ment should transfer its control of this island,
or any portion of it, to any other party, yet in
the interest of commerce, and seeing the feel-
ing manifested by this House, I am willing that
the company shall occupy one half of the isl-
and. But in view of the subsidies already
given, in view of the fact that the Government
of the United States has built their road and
given them largely besides, I think they_ ought
to pay rental for the use of the half of the island.
Now, what should that rental,be? The-com-
pany do not come here as paupers; they are,
entitled to no further support or subsidy from
the Government; they come here a. wealthy,,
corporation, and they come asking, the prop-
erty of the United States—they ask it as a
donation. I appeal to the Representatives-of
the people upon this floor whether they ought
to surrender this property. It is worth proba- '
bly $5,000,000, and it is upon this property,
too, that the mortgage of tlie national debt,
or a part of it, is placed. It is mortgaged
to pay a portion of the national debt, and
the bonds of this road are a part of that
debt. I ask, then, if you are willing to surren-
der this to one of the wealthiest corporations
probably in the world, without consideration ?■
Well, sir, what is the amount they should pay?
It has been suggested to me that instead, of
$50,000, as the amount of annual rental, it
should be placed at $100,000. The lowest
estimate of the value of the island is $2,000,000.
One half of this would be $1,000,000, and if
you estimate the amount they should pay as
five per cent, on that valuation, you will have
$60,000 as the annual rental they should pay.
I would remind the Representatives of the
people on this floor that we are paying inter-
est at the rate of six per cent, upon the bonds
which we have given for the building of the
road. There is another thing of which I
would remind the House. When you first
granted the charters to these roads you de-
clared-that your bonds should be a. mortgage
upon the road and upon its equipment. You
provided that you were the first mortgage
bondholder. But by the act of July 2, 1864,
you released this right to the railroad corpor-
ation, and allowed them to issue an amount
of bonds equal to the $55,000,000 which the
Government had issued, and made those, by a
law of your own enactment, a first mortgage
on the road and equipments. You thereby
surrendered any hope that any intelligent man
had of ever recovering one cent from them
in payment of the bonds you issued for the
building of the road.
What is that island worth ? I hold in my
hand the report of the engineers appointed by
the Government, a report sent to this,House
by the then Secretary of War ad interim, U. S.
Grant, I have the report of this commission
of engineers of the Army, and they say:
"This island is regarded in this city [San Fran-
cisco] as a very valuable piece of property. If the
public mind could be disabused of the idea that it
may be obtained for railroad and commercial pur-
poses by an act of Congress, and if the Government
were disposed to sell the island, and were to put it
up at auction to be sold to the highest bidder, it
would probably bring $5,000,000."
I have the declaration here of a former mem-
ber of the House, Mr. Washburn, of Wiscon-
sin, made on this floor in the discussion of this
very question, in which he uses this language:
"X say hero, in no spirit of boasting, but well
knowing what I say and what I can do, that t will
within forty-eight hours put $1,000,000 in the Treas-
ury of the United States for the same right of prop-
erty whick it is proposed to confer as a free gift upon
this railroad company by this bill."
Then I call attention to the advertisement
of Jaj^ Cooke & Co., in the Philadelphia Age,
speaking of the subsidies granted to these
Pacific railroad corporations. I want to call
the attention of the Representatives of the
people of this country whose heritage we are
asked now to vote away, to this advertisement.
Jay Cooke & Co., in advertising the bonds of
the Northern Pacific railroad say, what I will
now ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Pacific Railroad Earnings.—As officially reported,
the gross earnings of the present Pacific rauroa,a
(Union and Central) for 1871, the-second year of
through business, reached nearly, seventeen and a
quarter pillion dollars. Of this amount sixty-ii vq
per cent, was from local business, and, it is stated,
iuily fifty-five per cent., or nearly nine and a half
million dollars, was net over operating expenses.
Ail equal traffic on the Northern Pacific road (which
it can hardly fail to secure) will pay a yearly net
dividend of more than nine and a half per se l  on
its total cost.
