534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
less time since it was printed, and of course,
there has been no time to send it into the min-
ing districts and get opinions, as we frequently
do with regard to legislation which may be pro-
posed. I wish the gentleman from California,
[Mr. Sargent,] who certainly understands this
subject, to oblige us, or some of us at least, by
stating the reasons for these important changes.
The House will vote more intelligently on the
bill after having such an explanation.
Mr. SARGENT. I will endeavor to explain
the bill, if gentlemen will give me an oppor-
tunity. The bill does not make any import-
ant changes in the mining laws as they have
heretofore existed. It does not change in the
slightest degree the policy of the Government
in the disposition of the mining lands. It does
not increase or decrease the amount of lands
or extent of leads that a miner may acquire
under the mining laws. It does not increase
or decrease the price or the amount coming
to the Government on account of them.
The changes made by the bill are principally
those which relate to the legal questions in-
volved ; in other words, to the application of
the law so as to facilitate the miners obtain-
ing their title in cases where heretofore their
right to a title has been recognized. For in-
stance, it has been found by experience that
the original bill, as it passed this House in
1870, making provision that testimony might
be taken in all cases before local officers, in-
stead of requiring the parties to take their wit-
nesses long distances, where travel is expen-
sive to the land offices, was right. A provis-
ion in regard to that matter, incorporated by
the House in the original bill, was struck out
in the Senate.
It has been found that the expenses of the
actual operation of the bill have been so great
that poor men have been to a great extent
debarred from the privileges which Congress
intended to confer upon them. I propose by
this bill, and so does the Committee on Mines
and Mining, that the privilege of cheaply get-
ting this testimony, which has been found in
uncontested cases to work well, shall be al-
lowed in contested cases, and shall be given
to the miner or the applicant for the mining
claim according to the original idea of the
House.
Now, there is another provision of the bill
to which I desire to call the attention of the
House. It is provided in the existing law that
ninety days' notice shall be given by advertise-
ment in the newspapers of application for a
mining claim. The cost of advertising in the
distant States and Territories is very heavy,
and it is believed by the officers of the local
land offices with whom I have consulted on
the subject, and by miners generally, that sixty
days would bo an ample time for advertisement
of the application, which is the rule now in
the State of California in cases of publication
of notice of summons to absent defendants,
and is, I believe, as long as the term usually
prescribed in the Territories for analogous
notices. It is merely a question of costs, and
this provision will save the cost of thirty days
advertising to parties, important, to poor men,
and leaving ample time for notice.
There is another feature of the bill supple-
meatal to the former legislation of Congress,
and that is, that where a man or a company
starts and runs a prospecting tunnel, which is
a work of great labor and of large expense,
an d they are nearing the object of their search,
believingirom geological indications that there
is a lode of gold or some other mineral in tlje
mountains, they shall not be deprived of the
fruits of their labor by some party who comes
m after they have prosecuted their work nearly
to completion, and locates the lode which was
not known to exist at the time they com-
menced their enterprise. That is to say, if
they discover, by their skill, industry, and per-
severance, a lode, they shall be entitled to the
benefit of it. This bill allows miners to take
three hundred feet on each side of their claim.
By the legislation as it now exists the amount
is unlimited. The Government is entitled to
five dollars an acre for the land so taken,
which is the highest price paid for any lands
whatever to the Government of the United
States except coal lands.
There is a provision made in the bill in
reference to the case where a party owns a
placer claim through which there runs a
quartz claim.
Mr. MAYNARD. At that point will the
gentleman pardon me for asking him a ques-
tion ? It is, how will this bill affect the case in
which a tunnel has been already commenced?
Mr. SARGENT. It does not deprive the
tunnel company of any privilege they now have
or of any lode which they may discover by
their skill, enterprise, and exertion. Where
a lode is known to exist any person may locate
it under the mining laws of the United States;
but in a case of this kind, where parties run
a tunnel and actually discover the lode, this
legislation provides that they shall have a right
to it.
Now, a word with reference to a case which
has created practical difficulty. Where a per-
son owns a placer claim, and a quartz claim
runs through it, there is no provision, as the
law now exists which enables the party to
acquire a title to both claims, although he is
entitled to both under all the mining customs
in every State and Territory. It is possible
that under recent decisions in the mining States
he might be able to make two applications, but
if he did the Government would get nothing
for the quartz lode. It may be known to some
gentlemen that quartz lodes are sometimes
exceedingly narrow, often not more than six
inches wide, probably; eighteen inches is a
wide quartz lode in some of the best mining
regions of my State; and if any one will cipher
out what the Government would get for a claim
of that description by the acre he will find that
it is inSnitesimally small. This bill provides
that a party applying for such a claim shall be
required to pay for one hundred feet upon
each side of the ledge, and that the Govern-
ment shall receive five dollars an acre for it.
If the lode is not known to exist at the time
of the purchase it passes with the placer
claim to the purchaser. This is an arrange-
ment with which the miners are satisfied, as it
will save the expense of two applications, and
give a practical solution to the whole difficulty.
Now, the gentleman says that this bill has
been recently introduced. That is true, so far
as the House is concerned, but this bill sub-
stantially was reported by the Committee on
Mines and Mining of the Senate at the last
session, and passed the Senate, and only failed
to pass the House for want of time. The
Committee on Mines and Mining of the House
were ready to report upon it favorably, but
they were not called for a report, and hence
it did not come before the House for its con-
sideration. The only change from the Senate
bill, I believe, is in the matter of advertising
notice, which I have referred to, lessening it to
sixty days, which is ample, thus lessening the
cost and giving additional facility m getting
testimony before the local land office. This
will prevent the enormous accumulation of costs
upon the miners for the transportation and
subsistence of their witnesses, in some cases
transporting them fifty miles, in some a hun-
dred miles, and even three hundred miles in
some cases, thereby almost rendering nuga-
tory all the benefits intended to be conferred
by the law.
Now, sir, this legislation was originally an
experiment. In 1866, When the original quartz
law was passed, the question was fiercely de-
bated whether it was worth while for the Gov-
ernment to sell the mineral lands of the United
States. Some thought that on some idea of
royalty belonging to the Government, or some
principle growing out of the constitutional right
to regulate its coinage, it ought to keep con-
trol of the precious metals, and hence it was
not advisable for the mines to pass out of its
own hands into the hands of its people. But
it was argued that these people were to a great
extent nomadic and unsettled, in one section
this year, and next year in some other place,
and it was necessary to attach them to the soil,
so that they would make more permanent im-
provements, and acquire for themselves lands
which they could improve, upon which they
could build their little homes. Where agri-
cultural land was connected with mining lands,
and these are almost inextricably intermixed,
the miner would make improvements, culti-
vate his land, raise his peach trees and pota-
toes, and conduct his mining and farming oper-
ations at the same time, or at different seasons
of the year, and the result would be a more
settled community, and the creation of more
taxable property to the benefit of both the
State and General Governments.
Now, although the legislation of 1866 was
extremely imperfect in the machinery, which
since that time we have been trying to improve
so that it may be easier for miners to avail
themselves of the benefits intended to be con-
ferred upon them by law, yet it showed to
observers that the system was correct, and our
counties and sections have improved under it.
In 1870, after a discussion here, participated
in by the then chairman of the Committee on
Public Lands, (Mr. Julian,) and by the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Hawlbt,] now sit-
ting near me, and by a large number of other
members of the House, we improved the
machinery of the bill and extended the prin-
ciple of it to placer veins. Where, before that
time, there were ten claims applied for by
miners, under this improved law there are hun-
dreds applied for. I speak knowingly whereof
I have affirmed.
The law is now going into general operation.
We are inducing miners to purchase their
claims, so that large amounts of money are
thereby brought into the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States, causing the miners to settle them-
selves permanently, to improve and establish
homes, to go down deeper in the earth, to dig
further into the hills, and in every way to
improve their own condition, and to build up
the communities and States where they reside.
This bill simply oils the machinery a little ; it
does not change the principles of the law; it
does not change tenures; it simply provides
that testimony shall be more easily taken, fees
reduced, and generally deals with matters of
that kind.
^ Mr. SHELLABARGER. Is there any pro
vision for the preservation of existing rights?
Mr. SARGENT. Certainly, as follows:
Provided That nothing in this act shall be con-
strued to enlarge or affect the rights of either party
in regard to any property in controversy at the timo
oi the passage of this actor the aet entitled "An
act granting the right of way to ditch and canal
owners over the public Jands, and for other pur-
poses, approved July 26,1866, nor shall this act
aftect any right acquired under said act.
Then, there is a special provision put in at
the request of Mr. Sutro, that nothing con-
tained in this bill shall affect any of his rights.
And if any ^gentleman can suggest anything
that will make the matter stronger, I will have
it put in.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman yield
for a question ?
Mr. SARGENT. Certainly.
. Mr. JVJAYNARD. Will the policy of grant-
ing titles to raining lands to individual holders
produce any disposition on their part to place
themselves within the reach of speculators, so
that they may obtain large quantities of these
mining lands and monopolize them? I would
ask the gentleman, as he understands this sub-
ject ana I do not, whether there has been any
tendency in that direction, and whether his
bill is so framed as to prevent any advantage
being taken of it for a purpose of that kind?
Mr. bARGENT. I will answer the gentle-
man j but in doing so it will be necessary for
me to make a statement. In all kinds of mm*
