482
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 30,
Ho. of Reps.
Ku Klux Outrages—Mr. Oobum.
42b Cong....2d Sess.
seen tbe census ? Do they know that despite
the losses of war a better foundation for pros-
perity is laid than ever before ? Have they
found out that anybody who languished in
slavery is free ; whether anybody is at work ;
whether any poor, down-trodden son of toil is
happier; whether anybody is rising in the
scale of manhood 1 Do they estimate these at
nothing ? All these are ours, and in addition,
real, practical, business prosperity at many
points.
There is one lesson of history, one rule of
philosophy, that they seem to have forgotten,
and that is the foundation of southern society
on the corner-stone of slavery was insecure
and that upon it nothing durable could be
erected ; that whatever was built there must
tumble down and ruin all things connected
with it; that when this was done a vast mass
of rubbish must needs be cleared away before
permanent reconstruction could be begun.
The old foundation has been torn away, and
deep down beneath the quicksands upon which
it rested the massive walls of reconstructed
States have been based upon the solid rocks
of human rights, even-handed justice, and
universal suffrage. The work of' building is
going bravely on; the slave has been made
a citizen; the court-house has been opened to
ali for redress; the school-house on ten thou-
sand hills has been unbarred to the ignorant;
the wasted fields again feel the unwonted
plow ; the slumbering streams are stirred by
the wheels of trade ; the desolated towns are
being rebuilt; agriculture, manufactures, and
industry in every shape are invading that
region. Society is assuming a permanent posi-
tion, aud from that place there will be no back-
ward footsteps.
Stubbornly standing aloof when reconstruc-
tion began; taking no part in it; giving no
advice, countenance, or aid; prophesying
evil: finding fault; bribing and corrupting
newly-made officers; throwing every obstruc-
tion in the way, these men now complain that
more power was not given them, and that was
not intrusted to their unwilling hands. It
was the duty of somebody to take hold; of
somebody to move forward; of somebody to
reorganize. These grumblers sullenly refused;
others did the work. The task of reconstruc-
tion, which was done by the negroes and em-
igrants, froth tbe North so largely, is graph-
ically described by Mr. HatnUlou, lately a
member of Congress from Florida. He shows
just how the southern men, after the war,
were inllamed and aroused by the Democracy
under the lead of Mr. Johnson :
" Quextlon. What in your judgment was the cffect
m the South of the defection of Andrew Johnson
trom his (mi'ty and its principles 'I
" ArMoer. To arouse the spirit of rebellion, ■which
thu national armies had only partially suppressed.
Question. Did it have the effect of reviving the
latent hopes of the South?
Amw.r. Yes, sir; there is no doubt of it at all.
Question. What was ihe condition of tho southern
mailt upon the accession of Johnson to the Presi-
dency. and before he had abandoned his party and
its principle."-?
1 think they were willing to yield a
ready acquiescence to thu Government. They were
satisfied they had committed a great error in rebel-
ling, not only an error oi the heart, buc an error of
judgment. And before his detection they "would
have been very well satisfied, and would have felt
that they had inure than justice done them, as I
have oiteri heard tiiem express themselves, if they
were 'only allowed to remain unmolested iu this
country.' Tiie worst oi tiiein did not expect to
ever again participate in the administration of the
Government.
" Question. You think that was the condition of
the bouthern mind from the time of the surrender
e treachery of Andrew Johnson ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; I have no doubt of it at all.
Question. Ihen do you look upon his treachery
as the great cause of all the trouble and raisfortuue
m the bouth ?
"Answer. Yes, sir. Allow inc to state right hero
that when the reconstruction acts first passed Con-
gress, the Yankees, as we are called, mo^t ot us sol-
diers who were m iho South, rather sto_od back, did
liotreaiiy ieei at that time that they had any par-
ticular right to interfere in politics, or to take part
in them. But the reconstruction laws were passed j
reconstruction was necessary; the Government of
the United Spates was determined to reconstruct the
South; the Democratic party in the South adopted
the policy of masterly inactivity, as they called it;
there was a new element here that had been enfran-
chised who were without leaders. The northern
men in the South, and there were but a handful of
them in this State, who had been in the Army, took
hold of this matter of reconstruction, and they have
perfected it as far as it has been accomplished. At
one time Florida was one of the most thoroughly
reconstructed States; but since then—well, you have
here learned as much as I know about it.
The Democrats here as in oilier States would
not take part in the government, and left it in
the hands of the very men whom they now say
usurped it or mismanaged it. This was the
case notoriously in South Carolina, Georgia,
Florida, and Alabama ) and these are the men
who are loudest in denunciation of the carpet-
baggers, to whom they willingly yielded the
government. The testimony of Hon. Romulus
Moore, of the Georgia Legislature, confirms
this, and shows that it was done under the
advice of the greatest rebel leader, Alexander
H. Stephens, of Georgia:
" Question. What is the proportion of colored and
white population in Columbia county ?
" Answer. When the first registration was made
there were six hundred whites and about eighteen
hundred colored.
" Question. Was that a full registration of all the
voters?
M Answer. At that time it was tolerably full; it was
all that we could get. At the second registration I
think there was about the same proportion, three to
one. There were a great many whites that did not
register at,all.
" Question. Why not?
" Answer, Well, they wouldnotbother themselves
about it; they did not want to take any part in
reconstruction.
" Question. Why was that, do you think ?
" Answer. I think it was at Mr. Stephens's request.
He is pretty much of a leader among them in that
low country. I know he told me that he advised his
people not to have anything to do with reconstruc-
tion.
u Question. To what Mr. Stephens do you refer ?
" Answer. Alexander H. Stephens.
" Question. Are you acquainted with him ?
" Ans-wer. Iam; I was born and raised right in
his county.
" Question. He told you that his advice to his peo-
ple was to have nothing to do with reconstruction ?
" Answer. That is what he told me.
" Question. Bid he tell you his reason for that?
"Answer, No, sir; he did not state."
To the same effect Judge Pettus, of Alabama,
one of the most prominent Democrats of the
State, testifies. He answers as follows:
"Question. Were you in the confederate army?
4Answer. Yes, sir; I was.
"Question. What position did you hold?
"Answer. I went into the confederate army as a
major of infantry, and I became a brigadier general.
"Question. You are yourself under disabilities ?
4Answer. Yes, sir; I am under disability as a
iorruer solicitor and judge.
"Question. Was there a sense of injury andresent-
ment teltamong thu people of your State with refer-
ence to the act of Congress by which the present
constitution was declared the constitution of your
Sta-te, and officers inaugurated under it after its
deieat by the people, under the law prescribed by
Congress?
" Aabiotr. The chief cause of irritation in the
State of Alabama has not been that alone. The
chief cause of irritation there is tho principle which
has run through the legislation ot the Government
since tho termination of the war, by which it is
asserted or claimed that we are an inferior, degraded
people, and not fit to be trusted. When Congress
had thatconvention called which formed thepresent
constitution of the State of Alabama, there was no
special opposition, so far as i saw, to the holding of
the convention. Theeonvention, when held, adopted
some provisions which were very odious to our peo-
ple, and they were very much opposed to its adop-
tion as a whole. They relied on the good faith of
the Government ot the United States to execute the
law as it had been made; and they concluded that
the best pian for them to get rid of that constitution
was to stay away irorn the polls. In'thatway every
man who did not vote would be counted on our side.
By a deliberate calculation we concluded that that
was the best plan,
" Question. The white people of Alabama made
no^efiort to elect officers under that constitution ?
"Answer. No, sir. We agreed to abstain from
voting, and also to abstain from the election of any
officers, with the hope that the constitution would
be defeated, and that thereby we would get rid of
the obnoxious provisions in tho constitution; that
vonpTtjsHi vyould simply order another constitution to
be made by another convention. That was our
anticipation4 and we relied on the act of Congress
itself."
This same Judge Pettus reveals the true
spirit of men of his class and party who still
retain in all its bitterness the virus of treason,
which the following quotations -will show;
" Question. You say that the people of Alabama
have a hostility againstthe Government and against
the Administration. How far does that hostility go ?
I want to know the extent of it.
"Answer. It goes to this extent: we feel that wo
are living under the condemnation of the law, and
that we are so living by the judgment of the legisla-
tive branch of the Government, which has no power
to pass such judgments. We have a feeling of very
great dislike toward that form of government.
44 Question, Then you mean to say that it is not a
mere ordinary political difference?
"Answer* Oh, no, sir; it is not a political differ-
ence. This question rises greatly above any politi-
cal Question. It is not a political question.
" Question. Thcn,*if you do not consider it a politi-
cal difference, how do you propose to act in refer-
ence to that hostility to the Government?
44Answer. We do not propose to act at all, except
to endure it as long as we can; that is all,
** Question. Bo you mean to say that you expect to
endure it only up to the time when you get power to
overthrow and destroy it ?
"Answer. No, sir; I do not mean to say that, be-
cause I can see no possiblecontingency in the future
when there would be any sense in questioning the
authority of the Government of the United States.
Therefore I say there is no intention on the part of
our people to undertake to overthrow the authority
of the United States.
Question. When you talk about the people of
Alabama, do you mean all the people of Alabama, or
do you mean only the Democratic party?
"Answer. I mean the white people of Alabama,
without distinction of party."
Hatred, not of the Administration, not
mere political hostility, and not mere party
differences, but u a feeling of very great
dislike of the Government" which, in his
language, they propose " to endure as long
as they can," inspires this man, and those
like him. This is the very essence of rebel-
lion and treason, and needs but the oppor-
tunity to break ©ut into deadly war upon
the Government; fortunately, such malig-
nants are not sufficiently numerous or influ-
ential just at present to endanger the exist-
ence of the Government. But their animus
imbues the ignoraut Ku Klux, who, taking the
cue from such men, plunge into persecution,
murder, and the blackest cruelties, with a zeal
and spirit worthy the satanic fanaticism of
their advisers.
But it is argued that the work of reconstruc-
tion was not intrusted to the leading men of
the South, and so was a failure, and as a con-
sequence society is demoralized and ruined.
In all that region there were not fifty thousand
leading men deprived of the right to hold
office, and because they were thus treated the
testimony of the Democracy is that the system
of reconstruction is an utter failure: that all
power fell at once into the hands of corrupt
adventurers or ignorant freedmen who de-
stroyed the body-politic. Let us pause one
moment and glance at a state of society in
which the deprivation of a few men of the
right to hold the offices leaves nobody fit or
competent to fill them. What does this mean?
Does ignorance and incompetency pervade the
ten millions of people who must needs have
these rulers? Is that a well-constructed so-
ciety that admits these terrible facts? Is that
a safe foundation? Is there nobody to blame
for public sins of omission and commission in
times past? Have there been no political
criminals there who have neglected all the
dearest interests of the people? What a gloom
must hover over such a region where the few-
must needs think for the many in the name of
free government I
Out of the awful shadows of the past comes
the perpetual warning that the ignorant people
are the tools of tyrants and the playthings'of"
usurpers. A few men disfranchised prostrates
a whole people! Let us pause and consider
why this ja. Js it for lack of capacity or patri-
