1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
585
ing, including placer and quartz, the claims
differ in size. During the course of twenty
years before the passage of the original law,
where lodes were found to be very deep in the
earth or far in the hills, in order to run the
required tunnel it was necessary sometimes to
consolidate claims; and claims were consolid-
ated—sometimes two, sometimes three, some-
times a dozen. Miners would thus consolidate
their claims, which made them of irregular sizes,
and often quite large. Now, the legislation of
1866 (and that of 1870 conformed to it) pro-
vided that claims existing at the time of that
legislation might be patented upon proper
proof, no matter what their extent, how large or
how small; but it is provided also that after the
passage of that legislation a certain size, which
this bill does not vary, should be conformed
to; that claims acquired under the mining law
should not be more than a certain size, which
I can give the gentleman if he desires. Of
course it would not do to confiscate a part of
a claim because the claim was large, when it
had been made so, very likely, either by some
one investing capital under the mining laws,
or by the action of two or three miners con-
curring together for the purpose of running a
long tunnel or erecting more than ordinarily
expensive crushing-works, or something of
that kind.
Mr. WILLARD. Will the gentleman from
California yield to me for a moment?
Mr. SARGENT. Certainly.
Mr. WILLARD. Mr. Speaker, I have not
examined this bill carefully, nor am I well
enough acquainted with the mining law as it
now exists to be able to speak with precision
about it. But it seems to me that a bill so
general in its provisions as this is ought to con-
tain some general saving clause, something
which will go further than the clause to which
the gentleman has already referred. I propose,
therefore, to add to section fourteen, which is
in itself a general repealing clause, this sav-
ing clause: provided that nothing contained
in this act shall be construed to impair in any
way rights or interests in mining property ac-
quired under existing laws.
Mr. SARGENT. I have no objection to
that amendment. It seems to me a very good
provision, and is entirely compatible with the
general scope of the bill.
The SPEAKER. Unless objected to, the
amendment will be considered as agreed to.
There was no objection, and the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Willard was adopted.
Mr. SARGENT. I now call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading : and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
jacob k. davis.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Freed-
men's Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1186)
for the relief of Jacob R. Davis, of Richmond
county, Georgia ; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to Jacob R. Davis, of Richmond county, Geor-
gia, $1,500, whenever an appropriation is made
for that purpose, for his services as agent of
the Freedmen's Bureau for Richmond county,
Georgia, from June 1, 1866, to June 1, 1867.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that -the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
choctaw and chickasaw freedmen.
Mr. COBB, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the petition of the freedmen of the
Choctaw and 'Chickasaw nation, the letter of
the Commissioner of Imfian Affairs referring
to the freedmen of the Choctaw and Chicka-
saw nation, aud a letter of Edward Earle on
the same subject; all of which were referred
to the Committee on Freedmen's Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
general balloch.
Mr. HOAR, from the Committee on Educa-
tion and Labor, reported back 'the communi-
cation of the Secretary of War in reference
to the suspension of General Balloch, and
moved that it be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs; which motion was agreed to.
educational fund.
Mr. PERCE, from the Committe on Educa-
tion and Labor, reported back a bill (H. R.
No. 1048) to establish an educational fund, and
to apply the proceeds of the public lands to
the education of the people, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The first, section of the bill, which was read,
provides that the net proceeds of the public
lands are hereby forever consecrated and set
apart for the education of the people.
The second section provides that the Secre-
tary of the Interior shall cause an account to
be taken upon the close of each fiscal year,
and ascertain the total receipts from the sale
or other disposition of the public lands of the
United States, including all fees received at
the general and district land offices during
such year, and the amount of expenditures
incurred or occasioned by the survey, sale,
location, entry, or other disposition of such
lands, including appropriations for the ex-
penses of the said offices for said year, and shall
certify to the Secretary of the Treasury the
amount of the net cash proceeds from the
sale, entry, location, or other disposition of
such lands as aforesaid, after deducting such
expenses and expenditures.
The third section provides that upon the
receipt of such certificate the Secretary of the
Treasury shall cause one half the amount so
certified to be invested in bonds of the United
States, bearing interest at the rate of five per
cent, per annum, which said amount so invested
shall constitute a perpetual fund in the Treas-
ury of the United States, to be known as the
national educational fund; and the Secretary
of the Treasury, on or before the 31st day of
July of each year, shall certify to the Secretary
of the Interior and the Commissioner of Edu-
cation, the amount so paid into the Treasury
to the credit of said educational fund, and the
amount of said educational fund, the amount
of interest due thereon at the close of the fiscal
year last preceding such certificate.
The fourth section provides that upon the
receipt of the certificate of the Secretary of
the Treasury, as provided by section three of
the act, the Commissioner of Education, under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
shall proceed to apportion to the several States
and Territories and to the District of Colum-
bia, upon the basis of population, one half of
the net proceeds of the public lands for the
previous year, together with the whole amount
of the income of the said educational fund so
certified, such apportionment to be according
to the last preceding general census of the
United States.
The fifth section provides that each of the
States and Territories, and said District, shall
be entitled to receive its share of the first
distribution under such apportionment, which
shall, before the 1st day of January, 1873, or
within two months of the first meeting of its
Legislature thereafter, have, by its Legislature,
engaged that it will provide by law for the free
education of all its children between the ages
of six and sixteen years, and will apply all
moneys which it shall receive'under this act in
accordance with its conditions.
The sixth section provides that a sum not
exceeding fifty percent, of the amount received
from the United States by any State or Terri-
tory, or by the District of Columbia, the first
year of such receipt by it, and not exceeding
the amount of ten per cent, in any year
thereafter, may be applied, at the discretion
of the Legislature thereof, to the maintenance
of one or more schools for the instruction of
teachers of common schools; said sum, after
the first year, to be appropriated wholly to th 
payment of teachers of such schools.
The seventh section provides that each State
and Territory and said District shall be enti-
tled to receive its share of every apportion-
ment after the first which shall have com-
plied with the following conditions: First.
That it shall have made the provision for the
education of its children required in the fifth
section of this act. Second. That it shall
have applied all moneys by it previously
received under this act in accordance there-
with. Third. That it shall, through the
proper officer thereof, for the year ending
the 30th day of June, last preceding such
apportionment, make full report of the num-
ber of schools free to all the children thereof;
the number of teachers employed; the num-
ber of school-houses owned and the number
of school-houses hired; the total number of
children taught during the year; the actual
daily attendance, and the actual number of
months of the year schools shall have been
maintained in each of the several school
districts or divisions of said State, Territory,
or District, and the amounts appropriated
by the Legislature for the purpose of main-
taining a system of free public schools.
The eighth section provides that on or before
the 1st day of September of each year the
Commissioner of Education shall certify to the
Secretary of the Treasury as to each State,
Territory, and District, whether it is entitled
to receive its share of the apportionment under
this act, and the amount of such share, which
shall thereupon be entitled to receive the same.
If the Commissioner shall withhold a certificate
from either, its share of sueh apportionment
shall be kept separate in the Treasury until
the close of the next sessioa of Congress, in
order that it may, if it see fit, appeal to Con-
gress from the determination of the Commis-
sioner. If Congress shall not at its next
session direct such share to be paid, it shall be
added to the general educational fund.
The ninth section provides that the super-
intendent of public instruction of each State
and Territory, and of said District, or such
other officer as shall by the laws of such
State, Territory, or District, be required so to
to do, shall, immediately upon the receipt of
the certificate provided in section four, pro-
ceed to apportion the amount so certified to
his State, Territory, or District, to the sev-
eral school districts therein which shall have
maintained, for at least three months during
the preceding year, one or more free public
schools for all the children of such school dis-
trict between the ages of six and sixteen years,
which apportionment shall be upon the basis
of the population of such district, or of the
number of children of school age therein, or
of the attendance upon said schools during the
year preceding, as may be by law determined
by sueh State, Territory, or District, and the
amount so apportioned shall he solely applied
in payment of teachers' wages.
The tenth section provides that the amount
apportioned to the school districts of any State
or Territory, or of the District of Columbia,
and certified as herein provided, shall be paid
upon the warrant of the Commissioner of
Education, countersigned by the Secretary of
the Interior, out of the Treasury of-the United
States, to the State, territorial, or District
