1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4119
the nomination of certain persons as delegates
from his district, and he promised " that he
would immediately send their names on* to
Washington and have them appointed." (Ibid,.,
p. G2G. Testimony of William Atkinson.) And
so the presidential dictatorship was admin-
istered. Offices in the custom house were
openly bartered for votes in the State conven-
tion. Here was intolerable tyrauny, with de-
moralization like tbat of the slave market.
But New York is not the only scene of this
outrage. The presidential pretension extends
everywhere; nor is it easy to measure the
arrogance of corruption or the honest indigna-
tion that it quickens into lite.
PRESIDENTIAL CONTRIVANCE AGAINST ST. DOMINGO.
These presidential pretensions in all their
variety, personal and military, with reckless
indifference to law, naturally ripened in the
contrivance, nursed in hot-house secrecy,
against the peace of the island of St. Do-
mingo—I say deliberately, against the peace
of that island, for under the guise of annex-
ing a portion there was menace to the
Black Republic of Hayti. This whole busi-
ness, absolutely indefensible from beginning
to end, being wrong at every point, is the spe-
cial and most characteristic product of the
Administration, into which it infused and pro
jected itself more than into anything else. In
this multiform disobedience we behold our
President. Already I have referred to this
contrivance as marking an epoch in presiden-
tial pretensions. It is my duty now to show
its true character as a warning against its
author.
A few weeks only after beginning his career
as a civilian, and while occupied with military
usurpations and the perquisites of office, he was
tempted by overtures of Dominican plotters,
headed by the usurper Baez and the specu-
lator Cazneau, the first an adventurer, con-
spirator, and trickster, described by one who
knows him well as "the worst man living of
whom be has any personal knowledge," and
the second, one of our own countrymen long
resident on the island, known as disloyal
throughout the war, and entirely kindred in
character to Baez. Listening to these prompt-
ers, and without one word in Congress or in
the press suggesting annexion of the, island
or any part of it, the President began his con-
trivance, and here we see abuse in every form
and at every step, absolutely without prece-
dent in our history.
The agent in this transaction was OrvilleE.
Babcock, a young officer figuring in the Blue
Book of the time as one of the unauthorized
"secretaries" at the Executive Mansion, and
also as a major of engineers. His published
instructions under date of July 17, 1869, were
simply to make inquiries ; but the plot appears
in a communication of the same date from the
Secretary of the Navy, directed to the Semi-
nole, a war-ship, with an armament of one
eleven-inch gun and four thirty-two pound-
ers, " to give him the moral support of its
guns;" and this was followed by a telegraphic
instruction to Key West for another war-ship
" to proceed without a moment's delay to San
Domingo City, to be placed at the disposal of
General Babcock while on that coast." With
such "moral support" the emissary of the
Pr&ident obtained from the usurper Baez that
famous protocol stipulating the annexion of
Dominica to the United States in considera-
tion of $1,'500,000, which the young officer,
fresh from the Executive Mansion, professed
to execute as "Aid de-Camp of his Excellency
General Ulysses S. Grant, President of the
United States," as if, instead of Chief Magis-
trate of a Republic, the President were a mil-
itary chieftain with his foot in the stirrup, sur-
rounded by a military staff. The same instru-
ment contained the unblushing stipulation that
"his Excellency General Grant, President of
the Unitrd States, promises privately to use
all his influence in order that the idea of
annexing the Dominican Republic to the
United States may acquire such a degree of
popularity among the members of Congress
as will be necessary for its accomplishment,"
which is simply that the President shall become
a lobbyist to bring about the annexion by
Congress. Such was the strange beginning,
illegal, unconstitutional, and offensive in every
particular, but showing the presidential char-
acter.
On his return to Washington the young offi-
cer, who had assumed to be "Aid-de-Camp
of his Excellency General Ulysses S. Grant"
and had bound the President to become a
lobbyist for a wretched scheme, instead of
being disowned and reprimanded, was sent
back to the usurper with instructions to nego-
tiate two treaties, one for the annexion of the
half island of Dominica and the other for the
lease of the bay of Saraana. By the Consti-
tution of the United States "embassadors and
other public ministers" are appointed by the
President, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate ; but our Aid-de Camp had no
such commission. Presidential prerogative
empowered him, nor was naval force wanting.
With three war ships at his disposal he entered
upon negotiation with Baez and obtained the
two treaties. Naturally force was needed to
keep the usurper iu power while he sold his
country, and naturally such a transaction re-
quired a presidential Aid-de-Camp unknown
to Constitution or law, rather than a civilfan
duly appointed according to both.
PRESIDENTIAL VIOLATIONS OF CONKITUriOXAL AND
INTERNATIONAL LAW.
On other occasions it has been my solemn
duty to expose the outrages which attended
this hateful business, where at each step we
are brought face to face with presidential pre-
tension ; first, in the open seizure of the war
powers of the Government, as if he were
already Csesar, forcibly intervening in Domin
ica and menacing war to Hayti, all ot which
is proved by the official reports of "the State
Department and Navy Department, being
nothing less than war by kingly prerogative in
defiance of that distinctive principle of repub-
lican government, first embodied in our Con-
stitution, which places the war powers under
the safeguard of the legislative branch, making
any attempt by the President " to declare
war" an undoubied usurpation. But our
President, like Gallio, cures for none of these
things. The open violation of the Constitu
tion was naturally followed by a barefaced
disregard of that equality of nations, which is
the first principle ot International Law, as the
equality of men is the first piinciple of the
Declaration of Independence; and this sacred
rule was set aside in order to insult, and men-
ace Hayti, doing unto the Black Republic
what we would not have that Republic do unto
us, nor what we would have done to any white
Power. To these eminent and most painful
presidential pretensions, the first adverse to the
Constitution and the second adverse to Inter-
national Law, add the imprisonment of an
American citizen in Dominica by the presi-
dential confederate Baez for fear of his hos-
tility to the treaty if he were allowed to reach
New York, all of which was known to his
subordinates, Babcock and Cazneau, and
doubtless to himself. What was the liberty
of an American citizen compared with the
presidential prerogative? To one who had
defied the Constitution, on which depends the
liberty of all, and then defied International Law,
on which depends the peace of the world, a
single citizen immured in a distant dungeon
was of small moment. But this is only an
illustration. Add now the lawless occupation
of the Bay of Samaua for many months after
the lapse of the Treaty, keeping the national
flag flying there and assuming a territorial sov-
ereignty which did not exist. Then add the pro-
tracted support of Baez in his usurped power
to the extent of placing the national flag at his
disposal, and girdling the island with our ships
of war. all at, immense cost and to the neglect
of other service where the Navy was needed.
PUKSIDENTIAL EFFORTS FOE THE CONTRIVANCE.
This strange succession of acts, which if
established for a precedent would overturn
Constitution and law, was followed by another
class of presidential manifestations, being,
first, an unseemly importunity of Senators
during the pendency of the Treaty, visiting the
Capitol as a lobbyist and summoning them to
his presence in squads in obvious pursuance
of the stipulation made by his Aid-de-Camp
and never disowned by him, being intervention
in the Senate, reeuforced by all the influence
of the appointing power, whether by reward or
menaoe, all of which was as unconstitutional
in character as that warlike intervention on
the island; and then, after debate in the
Senate, when the treaty- was lost on solemn
vote, we were called to witness his self-willed
effrontery in proseeutingthe fatal error, return-
ing to the charge in his Annual Message at
the ensuing session, insisting upon his con-
trivance as nothing less than the means by
which "our large debt abroad is to be ulti-
mately extinguished," and gravely charging
the Senate with "folly" in rejecting the treaty,
and yet while making this astounding charge
against a coordinate branch of Government,
and claiming such astounding profits, he
blundered geographically in describing the
prize.
All this diversified performance, with its
various eccentricity of effort, failed. The re-
port of able commissioners transported to
the island in an expensive war-ship ended in
nothing. The American people rose against
the undertaking and insisted upon its aban-
donment. Bya message charged with Parthian
shafts the President at length announced that
he would proceed no further in this business.
His senatorial partisans, being a majority of
the Chamber, after denouncing those who had
exposed the business, arrested the discussion.
In obedience to irrepressible sentiments, and
according to the logic of my life, I felt it my
duty to speak, but the President would not
forgive me, and his peculiar representatives
found me disloyal to the party which I had
served so long and helped to found. Then
was devotion to the President made the shib-
boleth of party.
WHERE WAS TIIK GRAND INQUEST OP THE NATION?
Such is a summary of the St. Domingo busi-
ness in its characteristic features ; but here are
transgressions in every form—open violation
of the Constitution in more than one essential
requirement, open violation of International
Law in more than one of its most beautiful
principles, flagrant insult to the Black Repub-
lic with menace of war, complicity with the
wrongful imprisonmeut of an American citi-
zen, lawless assumption of territorial sov-
ereignty in a foreign jurisdiction, employment
of the national Navy to sustain a usurper,
being all acts of substance, maintained by an
agent calling himself "Aid-de Camp of Ulys-
ses S. Grant, President of the United States,"
and stipulating that his chief should play the
lobbyist to help the contrivance through Con-
gress, then urged by private appeals to Sen-
ators and the influence of the appointing
power tyrannically employed by the presi-
dential lobbyist, and finally urged anew m an
Annual Message where undisguised insult to
the Senate vies with absurdity in declaring
prospective profits and with geographical igno-
rance. Such, in brief, is this multiform dis-
obedience, where every particular is of such
aggravation as to merit the most solemn judg-
ment. Why the Grand Inquest ot the nation,
which brought Andrew Johnson to the bar of
the Senate, should have slept on this con-
glomerate misdemeanor, every part of which
was offensive beyond any technical offense
charged against his predecessor, while it had
