1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2327
lnmber region, and the lumbermen are not
only interfering with the Indians, but are de-
moralizing them. The same reasons which
would apply to the removal of the Indians in
'Wisconsin apply with equal force to the In-
dians in Minnesota. My amendment proposes
that the two hundred and thirty thousand acres
which belong to these three tribes shall be sur-
veyed, valued, and sold under the direction of
the Secretary of the Interior. The Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs informs me that these
lands probably will bring three or four hun-
dred thousand dollars. It is proposed to ap-
propriate $75,000 for their removal to the
reservation, in the northern part of Wisconsin,
not very far from Bayfield, on Lake Superior,
of the La Pointe band. The Commissioner
of Indian Affairs is informed that this reserva-
tion is large enough for all these Indians, and
that the La Pointe Indians who occupy it are
entirely satisfied with the removal of their
brethren to it. The $75,000, or so- much
thereof as may be necessary, which this Gov-
ernment is asked to advance, will be repaid
by the sale of the lands belonging to the three
tribes in Minnesota and Wisconsin which are
proposed to be removed.
I take no part in this Indian discussion. I
have not, perhaps, the information necessary
for a very matured opinion; but such as I
have, I think benevolence and a just and be-
nign polity require that these unfortunate peo-
ple should all be gathered together in reserva-
tions in the Indian country, and there be pro-
tected by the Government, and not interfered
with by the demoralizing practices under
which they are too ofien cheated and their
possessions taken from them. When they are
thus collected, the experiment can be fairly
made of the civilizing tendency of Christian
influences.upon their moral improvement. I
am under the belief that a great deal can be
done in that direction. I believe the first step
toward a fair trial of it is to be found in the
collection of the Indians together. This is
one of thfi steps recommended by the Secre-
tary of the Interior and by the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs. It does not cost the Gov-
ernment a cent. All that is asked is an ad-
vance of $75,000, which the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs informed me personally will be
returned to the Government, in his judgment,
within less than a year. The balance of the
money will be kept as a fund to provide them
with suitable supplies and suitable buildings.
The question may be asked why so large a
sum as $75,000 is required for the removal of
these bands of Indians from one portion of
"Wisconsin to another. The answer is easy.
In the first place, outside of the cost of travel
and of the necessary funds for their removal,
farming utensils ana necessary supplies are to
be bought for the Bad River reservation, which
in that now occupied by the La Pointe band.
We have confidence—at least I have—both in
the Secretary of the Interior and the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs. This removal is to
be done undei' their supervision. Only what
is necessary of this $75,000 will be expended,
and the balance will go back to the Govern-
ment, and out of the sum realized from the
sale of these lands this money will be returned
to the United States.
Mr. NYE. I did not intend to say anything
on this bill, but I have a theory about these
Indian affairs which is at war with the prop-
osition made by the honorable Senator from
Kentucky. I do not believe at all in the doc-
trine of gathering these remnants of tribes and
taking them away from their homes, which
they are as much attached to as we are to
ours. I am not for taking them away from
the associations of a life-time and huddling
them together as savages upon some more dis-
tant reservation. The progress of immigration
(is so rapid that I challenge any person to find
a habitable portion of this country for savage
■ or civilized man, as to which it will not very
soon appear that the Indians are in the way
by being there. There are a few considera-
tions that I desire to submit before this amend-
ment is adopted.
Away back in 1834, or from 1834 to 1838,
there was a large removal of several powerful
tribes of Indians into what was called the
Indian territory, and General Jackson and his
compeers agreed that those Indians should
have that territory for their home forever.
General Jackson did not see. no more than
myself or my friend from Kentucky, how rapid
the progress of civilization and immigration
was going to be right on this line where he
proposed to remove them. General Jackson
did not see, nor did any of those surrounding
him, that the very portion he assigned to these
Indians was the most important, and, indeed,
one of the focal points upon which civilization
and immigration and progress across this con-
tinent would hang. And yet, sir, it has turned
out in oar day that light up to that line now
run two or three railroads. I hope my friend
from Iowa will not be scared when I mention
railroads, for I have nothing to do with them.
[Laughter.] These lines of railroad are now
battling for a chance to get across this terri-
tory, and there is the white population surg-
ing against that Indian line, so that it takes an
army almost to keep the white man off from
the reservation and the red man on. That
work to-day finds employment, I may say, for
the entire Army of this nation. If this system
is to be adopted, if this multiplication of res-
ervations is to keep going on, the Army must
be increased greatly to perform that duty.
Mr. President, there are two points of view
in which all these Government reservations
and all this Indian policy should be regarded.
The first point is to do exact and equal justice
to the Indians, under no circumstances to do
them a wrong; and the next poin^of view is
to do exact and equal justice to immigrants
and to the spirit of progress of the age.
No white man, no bands of white men,
would be allowed to lay across this pathway
of civilization that is now at this moment
reaching from the East to the West and from
the West to the East. Like the tides at Point
Judith, they set both ways, until the great
center of this continent is filling up with a
rapidity that is astonishing. There are two
things that, Congress ought to do: first, see
to it that the Indian is well dealt by ; and
next, that the spirit of progress and of the
whites is not meddled with or retarded.
Now, these little bands of Indians are in
Minnesota and Wisconsin. They are in no-
body's way. They have become as civilized
as the tribes in the Indian territory, I suppose ;
but the Senator from Minnesota can tell how
that fact is.
Mr. RAMSEY. They are not civilized.
Mr. HARLAN. If it is not interrupting
the honorable Senator from Nevada, I will
state that these two small reservations that
the amendment proposes shall be sold are
valnable chiefly on account of the pine timber
standing on them, not for agricultural pur-
poses ; and the proposition is that these pine
lands may be sold and the proceeds applied
for the improvement of the main reservation,
and to put the Indians there.
Mr. NYE. Somebody else will see it in an
opposite light next year or soon after. We
shall then be told that the agricultural lands
on which the Indians are put are more needed
for the whites. If the Indians are saving the
pine timber to Wisconsin and Minnesota, tlffey
are doing more than the white people are, for
they are slaughtering it there terribly : per-
haps their presence, both for Wisconsin and
Minnesota, will assist the morals of the people
there with regard to timber-taking. The pine
timber had better be sold, we are told, because
the Indians do not want it, and let them be
put on agricultural land. The agricultural
lands will be wanted next; and we shall be
told that the Indians will not cultivate them
more than they will a pine tree.
But my friend from Minnesota says they are
not civilized. Well, they hang right there in
a quarter where civilization is not so import-
ant to them as it is in a more distant plaes,
because they are kept in subjection by the
overpowering power ofthewhit.es. Mr. Pres-
ident, I have had a little experience in these
Indian matters. When I went to the Terri-
tory of Nevada—and my colleague will bear
witness that I am correct about it—the Washoa
tribe, among whom the white settlements were
first made, was quite an important and for-
midable tribe of Indians. The white settlers
rushed in with a rapidity that frightened even
the whites, and it was not to be wondered a,t
that it frightened the Indians, and not the most
humanizing influences did they carry with
them. And yet those Washoes, having min-
gled with the whites in their settlements, their
children to-day read and talk our language,
with very few exceptions, and they are indus-
trious, they work, and they have their money
in their pockets for work. I hold that up as
an example and an argument in lavor of min-
gling instead of separating these tribes. You
cannot civilize by precept; you cannot Chris-
tianize by precept; it is example that must do
the work, and it is exceedingly contagious. The
first pride of the Indian in the locality that I
mentioned was to dress like a white man. The
change of dress seemed to change their char-
acter ; and they do dress like white people,
some of them better than some of the whites.
They have learned our language, learned our
industry, learned to work, learned to husband
what they earn. Now, where can a better
example be found than that?
The missionary in China or in a distant
country thunders for half a century before ha
gets a convert to his religion. You have got
to educate before you can Christianize ; and
when you have educated, the work of the mis-
sionary commences. Sir, our institutions and
our example are such that they carry all these
arguments at once. They see the comfort
that surrounds the whites; they seek to copy it.
They see the comfort of comfortable dress j
they seek to imitate it, and they do. I there-
fore, in behalf of the broadest scale of human-
ity toward the Indians, protest against hud-
dling them together in some distant quarter,
away from their homes, to which they are
attached, and taking them, nolens voletis, at
the order of the Secretary of the Interior or
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and plant-
ing them where they are strangers. Sir, old
and young must go ; you compel the old Indian
to kiss the grave of his offspring, and bid it
an eternal farewell ; you compel him to break
up all the associations that surround home,
and no human creature is so low that home
has not its sacred associations.
You do that in order to better tbe Indian's
condition, in order to exchange pine land for
agricultural land, and the tread of the emigrant
is ever upon his new and distant home. What
security has he got there? No, Mr. President,
I have always been a friend of the Indian, for
I have seen much to admire about him. I ask
in the name of humanity to the Indian that you
let the remnant of these tribes remain where
they are. New York tried your plan and sent
her Oneidas to Green bay, but they longed for
their homes on the hills of Oneida with an
attachment thai; was creditable to them. So
always when you havoseen a tribe transplanted,
you have seen them long for their old homos
and for their white associates. Ay, sir, in behalf
of the old Indians and the young 9n,e® that are
born upon the verge at least of civilization, I
say let them be. They are not in any one's
way. The pine timber will grow when the
Indians are dead, and#agricultural ground will
be found when the last Indian has pressed it.
Let them be, and do not shove them into an
obscure and benighted corner, and above all
do not do it in the name of Christianizing and
civilizing them I
Sir, civilization comes from contact, and it
