1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3223
deserving men in the Army. By some strange
device, in 1860, this remarkable provision was
put into a law:
" That officers of the regular Army entitled to be
retired on account of disability occasioned by
wounds received in battle may be retired upon the
full rank ot the command held by them, whether in
the regular or volunteer service at the time such
•wounds were received."
By this provision several officers were at
once enabled to get higher pay as retired
officers than they bad up to that time been
receiving as officers on active duty. He who
was a captain or lieutenant on duty at once
obtained the retired pay of a general or colonel.
A few men who were in the Army at the
passage of the law got the advantage of this ; but
the main body, the greater proportion of those
who had earned the gratitude of the country,
and made their names illustrious in the service,
had already been mustered out. There [point-
ing to Mr. Stoughton] sits a member of this
House who, on the 4th of July, 1864, lost his
leg at Marietta. He cannot claim retired
pay, his service expired before the law was
enacted ; and if the people had not sent him
here as a member of Congress, and he had
been unable to make a living by his profession
of the law, he might, so far as the law is con-
cerned, eat the bread of penury all the days of
his life, and would be entitled to a pension of
only thirty dollars a month, while it may
happen that the young gentleman referied to
from Maine, who was in the Army when this
retiring law was passed, will get $5,000 a
year. A more monstrous piece of injustice
has never been embodied in the shape of a law
in this country. And when I say this I would
detract, nothing from the just dues of the gallant
men whose names grace the retired list of our
Army. They deserve much; and let nothing,
by the remotest implication, be said against
them.
Ht-ndreds, and I may say thousands of
officers of the volunteer service, who stood
deservedly high for courage find for good
conduct,, every splendid attiibute for which an
officer may be proud, were mustered out before
the passage of that law ; and they do not get
one cent of retired pay, though they may be
going down the hill of life, suffering the pangs
of poverty, or from wounds or disease con-
tracted in the service. The great majority
must go forever unpaid and unrewarded as
retired officers, and they do not complain.
If you talk now about doing justice, go back
and count up the long roll ot wounded and
disabled volunteer officers, who in every part
of this land are now eking out a bare subsist-
ence, laboring for their daily bread in the
shop, the field, or the office. Such cases can
be found by the hundred and by the thousand ;
yet we foiget or pass them by and pick out
seventy officers from the regular Army and
retire them upon the pay of the very high
est, rank that they may accidentally have held
m the volunteer service. I say this is an out-
rageous piece of injustice. These men ought
to be pa-d as for the position they held when
they were retired from the Army. There is
no mjus'ice in this. If a captai-i is retired on
a captain's pay, he ought, to be satisfied. It, is
a very large pension for bim; and he can add
to it honorably by practicing a profession, or
working in some other capacity.
Mr. SLOCUM. I now yield five minutes
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Botler. ]
Mr. BUTLERof Massachusetts. Ihavelong
seen the injustice of the present system of pay
for retired officers, Mr. Speaker, and the worst
pan of it is that it, is still going on. Officers
now go to the President or Secretary of War
and by personal solicitation or through their
fiiends procure appointments in the regular
Army ; then as soon as the appointment is ob-
tained they show that they have been disabled
in the volunteer service, and get themselves
retired within two or three months upon the
highest rank that, they held in the volunteer
service. There has been one case of a second
lieutenant who I believe was retired as a
colonel within sixty days after he was appointed
in the regular Army; and that, too, within
the last year.
Now let us see how this thing operates. I
will give you an instance from the Army Regis-
ter of 1872. There appears in that Register
on the retired list an officer (whose name I
can give if anybody desires it) who at the date
of his retirement, August 16, 1867, was a cap-
tain in the Army. He was a brigadier general
during the war, and was retired as major gen-
eral. He now receives $5,625 per annum,
whereas at the date of his retirement his pay
on the active list was only $2,200 a year.
Mr. SLOCUM. . There are thirty or forty
just such cases.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir ;
this is not an isolated case by any means.
Thus we see this law gives rise to great wrong.
There is no volunteer officer who gets more
than thirty dollars a month on account, of a
wound received in the service ; and unless his
wound be such as to constitute what is called
total disability he has to be, examined every
year, whereas one of these retired officers once
retired is never examined again. He may get
well the next week, and sometimes does—
quite often, if not oftener. [Laughter.] That
is a great wrong and injustice. A volunteer
officer who was wounded in the service and
does not get into the regular Army has to go
home on a pension of thirty dollars a month;
whereas if such a man can get appointed a
lieutenant in the regular Army, he can then
be retired on more pay than you give one of
the judges on your supreme bench.
That only needs to be stated to meet the
judgment of the House.
Mr. SLOCUM, The Committee on Military
Affairs have a large amount of business, and I
want a vote on this bill. There seems to be
no end to this discussion.
Mr. CONGER. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me.
Mr. SLOCUM. I will yield to the gentle-
man from Michigan three minutes, which is
time enough.
Mr. CONGER. There may be some injus-
tice in the former acts of Congress in regard
to those officers placed on the retired list; but
I desire to call the attention of the House to
this one fact, that as every successive year rolls
by since the war has passed every session of
Congress has been zealous to take away from
the soldier in one form or another all that
former Congresses have done for him. If there
be acts of injustice and inequality on the retired
list, let the committee point them out and
correct them by special legislation. The
effect of this bill would be to placc a distin-
guished officer who served iiis country for
forty long years and was retired by a former
Administration as a colonel, who had been a
major general in the Army, an officer for
whom a subsequent Congress passed a law
requesting the President, to put him on the
retired list—1 refer to General Iieintzelman—
the effect will be, not only to ret tore him tohis
rank as colonel, but, to repeal that special act
of Congress whereby justice was done him.
There is no propriety in our attempting to undo
what a former Congress with a little more
patriotism, with a little more regard to our
promises to our soldiers, enacted in behalt of
this most gallant and distinguished officer.
When our soldiers and officers go to bed at
night, they go to bed with the expectation of
finding in a telegraphic report next morning
that this liberal Congress, that this patriotic
Congress, has passed in the night time, with-
out consulting them, without allowing them to
be heard, some law which will take away the
last remaining right they had, the last evidence
of the gratitude of the people. If this law
passes to night, it will pass without requiring
any of these men to appear before the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to speak in their
own behalf. It will pass without an opportun-
ity being afforded to them to be heard. I
hope some gentleman will move to lay this
bill on the table, so that our soldier, against
whom this bill is directed, may have an oppor-
tunity to be heard.
Mr. MORBY. How will this affect the offi-
cer to which the gentleman has referred if he
was retired on the rank of colonel?
Mr. CONGER. I refer to General Heint-
zelman, who has served as a brave and gallant
officer in the Army for more than forty years,
and who was wounded while a major general
of volunteers.
Mr. MOREY. And with the rank of col-
onel he will receive $3,000 a year.
Mr. SLOCUM. The time of the gentleman
from Michigan has expired; and I now yield
for five minutes to the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, I thought on
the first reading of the amendment of the
gentleman from California [Mr. Sargeut]
that it would accomplish the purpose I have
in view; but I now see it will not; and I
therefore insist on my own amendment.
In the early part of the war let us look at
the case of a man who was an officer in the
regular Army. The ranks were not numer-
ous ; promotions were not rapid in the regular
Army; that is to say, they were not compara-
tively rapid. Almost all of our officers in the
regular Army were appointed to higher posi-
tions in the volunteer forces ; aud in that way
they subserved the grand purpose of suppress-
ing the rebellion. Men who were only cap-
tains in the regular Army in a little while
became colonels and brigadier generals and
major generals. With each new promotion
came additional responsibility. A battle comes
on, and that man commands a division or an
army corps with all the responsibilities of that
vast command. In the course of that bottle,
at the head of his men, at the head of a divis-
ion or corps, he is wounded. He loses a leg
or an arm. He is wounded because he is in
command of a corps. He is disabled while
undergoing all the responsibilities of his com-
mand. What the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] says amounts to nothing
in comparing him with the men who had gone
out of the Army. After the war he still re-
mains in the Army. His rank is higher, and
his pay should be more. Another may leave
the Army and go to commercial pursuits, and
make his money elsewhere. This commander
of a corps, who has had fifteen or twenty thou-
sand men under his command, who, while in
command, has been wounded, and who remains
in the Army, the question is, how shall we
pay him when he goes upon the retired list?
Will you pension that man simply as a cap-
tain when acting as a major general in a major
general's command, with a major general's
responsibility, and who as a major general lost
his leg or his arm ? Will you pension such a
man as a captain, the rank he had left far
behind because ot his desert? That is all the
question that is involved here. In certain cases
they have been pensioned according to their
merit, according to their desert, according to
the rank they have gained. Is it fair or just
that we should put these men back to the meager
pension they would have had as captains in the
Army? Are we to go back to-day on the
record of the volunteer service? Why, sir, if
we had held men simply to the rank they held
in the regular Army during the rebellion, or if
we had relied upon the regular Army alone
during the rebellion—and I say it without
meaning any disparagement to them—the re-
bellion would never have been suppressed. _ I
say that men who attained the rank of major
general in the volunteer service, and who were
disabled while holding that rank, should be
rewarded according to their rank, or there IS
no justice in the American Congress.
