1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
483
42r> Oon"g....2d Sess.
Ku Klux Outrages—Mr. Coburn.
Ho. of Reps.
otism,'or rather is it not for a lack of proper
cultivation? Who shall come to the rescue?
Not political parties, not legislators, not offi-
cers of the Government; nobody but theschool-
mabter. The laws to suppress the Ku Klux
may be enforced, but other organizations will
spring up. The writ of habeas corpus may be
suspended andpeace be restored, but it will not
be permanent. So long as there are dema-
gogues, so long as there are designing men,
so long as party spirit runs high, so long will
this dangerous and uncertain condition of so-
ciety prevail. I would use the remedies named,
but only as temporary and provisional. Noth-
ing but the light of intelligence will rob a few
southern leaders of their power an,d endow
the southern people with the true attributes
of sovereignty. I would at all hazards main-
tain the peace, and I would with all the power
of the Government provide for the education
of the people. I would grant them public
lands for this purpose; I would have a school-
house in every neighborhood; I would put a
book into every hand, black and white. The
. utmost.resources that could be spared should
be devoted at once to this holy purpose. Once
make education effectual there as asystem, and
the Ku Klux, the rebellion, the hostility of
sections has vanished forever. The evils wo
are now compelled to repress will then have
been extirpated with all their daugerous causes.
The practical question, comes home, what
shall we do now ? These organizations were
in existence, as appears by the proof, in North
and South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Mis-
sissippi, and Florida, in many places at the
time the testimony was taken; many members
have since then been arrested, tried, and
found guilty; others have plead guilty; greater
numbers are .under arrest waiting trial, and
still greater number are indicted. This dan-
gerous element of society has been checked
in its career, but has not been effectually
suppressed. The period approaches for which
this society was organized. Political excite-
ment and activity are near at hand. The
most deplorable results may follow the inter-
ference of the Ku Klux in politics ; that is a
disturbing element that ought to be kept out
of the arena; there will be enough to rouse
the feelings, prejudices, and passions of men
without this. No stone should be left unturned
to suppress it. It' Democrats are sincere in
disclaiming and disowning its affiliation and
sympathy, why will they not unite .in every
measure to end it completely? Why higgle
about any lawful means to effect the purpose?
Why parley about it? Why excuse or justify
or deny it? Why recriminate its opponents?
Why stand in the way and obstruct every
measure to annihilate it?
. These societies may reorganize where they
have disbanded; they, upon short notice, may
spring up again over all Tennessee, Texas,
Louisiana, and Kentucky, as well as gain fresh
force in the States I have named before. They
may control, as they did in 1868, tens of thou-
sands of votes by terror. I fear they will do
so. .Judging by their operations then they
ill do so. Does any Democrat say that he
desires to secure a political victory in that
way? Does any Democrat want a repetition
of the. thousand scenes of terror, tears, and
blood reenaoted for his party benefit? No
one date avow that. .And yet, iu toy judg-
ment, that will be the legitimate result of a
failure to continue in all its force the present
law. The clause authorizing the suspension
of the writ of habeas corpus acts as a whole-
some threat upon these lawless men, harms no
one, is. operative only iu the extremes! cases
of .lawlessness,;and may, iu an emergency,
prove effectual In preventing a civil war. So
tar the President has not exercised this power
but in nine counties in South Carolina, and no
one can deny the good result. Lawlessness
has been repressed, peace prevails, and terror
has ceased.
But lest it should be imagined that there is
no present necessity for the existence or con-
tinuance of the present Ku Klux law, as it
may be termed, 1 will refer to some of the
reports very recently made by different United
States attorneys to the Attorney General in
relation to this very subject.
The report of the Attorney General of the
19th of April, 1872, shows that there have
been arrested and indicted for crimes as Ku
Klux in South Carolina two hundred and
twenty persons; that there had been arrested
and not yet indicted two hundred and eighty-
one persons; that one hundred and eighty-five
persons have been paroied to appear when
required, living in York county, South Caro-
lina, and who confessed their connection with
Ku Klux conspiracies. Mr. Corbin, the Uni-
ted States attorney for South Carolina, in his
letter to the Attorney General under date of
February 20, 1872, among other things says;
" Orders Were ^iven Inst summer to the Klans, by
tho chiefs and higher officora. to desist from further
attacks upon tho colored people for the present.
"This order was given under the apprehension that
tho Government of the United States was about to
declare war upon them. At tho time the order was
circulated among the Klans it was distinctly under-
stood and fully disoussed that they must desist for
the present from further outrages upon the colored
people, but when the storm blew over, and before
the next election, thoy were to be allowed to resume
operations. Such is my information, and it is de-
rived from so many sources that I have no doubt
of its credibility."
In North Carolina Mr. Starbuck, United
States attorney, reports, under date of July 2-1,
1872, that tlnrty-seven persons were at last
term convicted or plead guilty of violations of
acts to suppress Ku Klux. That, in addition,
nine hundred and eighty-one persons have boon
indicted for such crimes. " These indictments
arc for conspiracies to commit deeds of vio
lence or terror to deter and drive from the
ballot-box Union men and to destroy freedom
of elections."
In Alississippi, it appears by a report of Mr.
Jaeobson, United States attorney, under date
of February 10, 1872, that there have been
indicted for similar crimes in the southern
district one hundred and fifty-two persons, and
as appears by Mr. Wells, United States attor-
ney in the northern district, two hundred per-
sons have been indicted, and forty of the pris-
oners have confessed their guilt, fourteen hav-
ing become States evidence.
In Arkansas, under date of the 14th of Feb-
ruary, 1872, Mr. Huckleberry, the United
States attorney, says, reporting to the Attorney
General:
"Thore is a general disposition among the yeoplo
of the oountics that border on tho Mississippi river
to deprive colored persons of the rights secured to
theui by tho Constitution and laws, and if the rc;
stiioiiouswore removed, tho iifo and property ot
original Onion men anil the colored people iu gene-
ral would not bo regarded."
In Texas Mr. Garland, under date of April
6, 1872, also reports to the Attorney General:
"In regard to tho amount of crime and tho
enforcement of the criminal laws of tho State, 1
respectfully submit the following statistics:
"According to tho report of tho reconstruction
convention 'committee on lawlessness and vio-
lence," mado July 21t 1868, full returns from thirty,
and partial returns iroia othors of the ono hundred
and twenty-seven organized counties of Texas,
authenticated ten hundred and thirty-five homi-
cides committed between, the close of the war and
July 1,1868. If the reports had been full and cor-
rect, lam satisfied the aggregate numberwould have
been nearly or quite two thousand. During the
period mentioned, there was but one execution
according to the forms of law,
"On June 18,1870, Secretary of State Ifewcomb
reported to tho Texas senate, in obedience to a reso-
lution passed bythat body ou May 23,1870, that the
reports of county offioers, together with the military
record kept Up to the date when the reconstruction
of the State was consummated, showed nine hun-
dred and five homicides committed between May 23,
lbu , and May 23, 1870. l'he number of assaults
with intent to kill and murdor were nearly as groat.
During tno years 1869 and 1870, up to the cessation
of tho military rooord, out of eighteen hundred.au<^
ninety reports due only nine hundred and sixty
were received, and the proportion received was still
less after reconstruction and up to tho date of Secre-
tary Newcomb's report. Full reports from all the
counties doubtless would have shown a total of at
iea^t fifteen hundred homicides during tbe afore-
said period of two years.
"The novel Stale police system of Texas went
into operation ou July 1, 1870., At that da.te partial
reports from county olliciats showed 2,970 criu>in l«
eroding arrest, including 702 murderers, 41H at-
tempted murderers, and 1,017 robbeie, burglars, and
thieves. In many instances trorn two to sevon mur-
ders were cliaiged agaiii«t one individual. Of these
persona evading arrest 078 had been arrested by tbe
Stale police up to January 1, 1871, including 109
murderers, 130 attempted murderers, and 360 rob-
bers, burglars, and thieves. The proportion of
murderers evading arrest and arrested was and is
considerably larger than these reports would seem
to indicate, as a groat many reported anested couie
under the bead of 'miscellaneous oiTeuses,' be-
cause State policemen frequently report arrests
without reporting theotfenses charged.
"The records of tho adjutant general's office show
4,114 criminals evading arrest, as reported to Adju-
tant General and (Jhiof of Police Davidson, during
the year 1871. Of these, 970 were murderers, 041
attempted murderers, and 1,403 robbers, burglars,
and thieves. During the ..ante year 3.002 persons
were arrested by tbe State polico, including 238
murderers, 352 att empted murderers, and 806 thieves.
Many other murderers aredoubtle.ss included in <bo
very large number set down by tho adjutautseucral
as ' miscellaneous.' Tbe very large number reported
as evading arrest and arrested during the year 1871
does not establish any increase of crime, but it does
establish the fact that crime is at last takou cojni-
zance of by the authorities, and that determined
efforts are being made to arrest and punish crim-
inula.
" Many rewards havo been offered for tho appre-
hension of murderers and somo for school-bouse
burners and disguised marauders. I have been in-
formed by School Superintendent Do (jress that
about twenty eoloied soiioul-hout.es havo been
burned by iucendiinies during the last eighteen
months. In sooje instances the teacher* havo been
whipped or driven away."
Further on in his report he says :
"Itis now generally believed that the timo hat
ariivcd when the work of an opting: criminals may
again be with bafety intr usted to the ordinary peace
oftioers."
What a horrible condition must society be
in in somo portions of Texas.
These are but partial reports, and I have not,
for want- of time, been able to make fuller ex-
tracts of the testimony. With these lights before
us, is it the part, of wisdom to throw away any
safeguards'/ 1 think not. Let every one possible
bellirowu around the citizen so that there may
be no temptation to lawlesss men to trample
ruthlessly, as they have done, on their riuhtg.
We would be criminal it' with careless haste
we took away the protection now afforded by
the law. Let. us wait tiii order and peace pre-
vail, until crimes are not only less frequent
but meet their just restraint and punishment.
These terrible Klans still exist; they are not
dead, But silent in many places. Nothing but
the fear of the law represses them, and should
any of its wholesome restraints be taken off,
] have every reason to believe they will begin
tlieir deadly work afresh. The Democrats
pretend to say that advantage may be taken
of the law to carry the elections. Such an im-
putation is as false as it is groundless and con-
temptible. The diabolical machinery of the
Ku Klux has been effectual to carry many
elections—and nobody has the hardihood to
deny this—by terror, whipping, and murder.
Louisiana, Tennessee, Alabama, Georgia, and
North Carolina were carried over large major-
ities of Republicans.
To show the fearful power of the Ku Ivlux
Klans on the fate of elections, I refer to the
following facts which are matters of history:
"In the elections held in the spring of 1868 for the
adoption of the new constitution and the eleotion
of State officers, and in the tall of tho same year for
presidential electors, the Republican vote in Geor-
gia, Louisiana, Tennessee, and South Ctrtlina was
as follows:
States. Sprin/L.
Georgia, (for Bullook)..   :  83,117
liouisiftna, (for Warmotb)......*..     04,901
Tennessee, (for Brownlow).*,     74,484
South Carolina,.         72,758
Total........     286.290
