484
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 13,
Ho. or Reps.
Texas Contested Election—Mr. Clarlc.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
States. Fall.
Georgia, (for Grant)  oI'Jco
Louisiana, (for Grant) 
Tennessee, (for Grant)  56,756
South Carolina, (for Grant) 62,301
..209,454
Total..
States. Low
Georgia  26,013
Louisiana 
Tennessee 
South Carolina  10,457
Total..
. 85,836
"Had the presidential election been close the
votes of these States might have elected a President
and Vice President pledged to the declaration that
the reconstruction laws of Congress were unconsti-
tutional, revolutionary, and void, and to the policy
of overthrowing the reconstructed State govern-
ments."
For the day we can but stand as a break-
water against the tide of popular madness.
We can but hold in temporary check the waves
which are sweeping on with swelling stream.
The task is not a pleasant, or a welcome one.
Be it ours rather to help forward than to hin-
der ; to aid, to build up, to provide the means
of intelligence, to open the pathways to employ-
ment, to establish homes, to secure the family
altar, to make free the worship of God, and to
make life bright with the ready means of enjoy-
ment. In this work we have met with many
checks and discouragements. When we would
give equal rights, when we would open the
courts of justice, when we would secure equi-
table dealing, when we would confer equal suf-
frage and citizenship, when we would keep
the peace and put down marauding assassins,
•when we would encourage education, when
we would allow freely the preaching of the
blessed Gospel we have been met and opposed
and slandered. It is a thankless task. But
we intend, with the help of Providence, to
move straight on, nothing fearing the result.
The fruits of our work already begin to ripen.
The census shows the following increase of
property in the southern States; I quote from
the report of the committee, showing that in
spite of the destruction of war that region is
prosperous:
"At the last valuation furnished for each State—
The aggregate assessed value of prop-
erty was.. $2,141,834,788 02
Increase since the war ... 037,432,^59 0Z
The true value by the census ot 1870
was  2,735,545,451 00
Increase since the war 1,132,143,022 00
Increase un asacs&ed value of prop-
el ly m I860, less slaves  6,720,244 95
being an increase over sixty per cent, in live years;
e<jual to a sain of more than twelve per cent, per
annum on ail the property in the^e States, exclusive
ot iiiuiuul receipts. Tuts Lttter&um of $1,132,143,022, t
incres^e by the census, may be taken as the tiue
inciense, or even le.>s, because the census valuation
of 1870 was made on the basis of currency much less
inflated than that of 1865-66, when the first assess-
ments alter the war were made, on the basis of the
currency then. From August, 186"), to 1866, the pre-
mium on gold ranged between 48i ami 40} cents on
the dollar. In June, 1870, when the census was
taken, the premium on gold was oniy 14J to 10&, a
decline of about thirty-two per cent., or nearly one
thud of the dollar. It is certainly encouraging to
lind the census valuation, $6,720,244 9o, greater than
the .i>be;-sment of 1860, excluding slaves.
"The census valuation is at the market price, and
the condition of t he South since the war, especially
in agricultural legion* remote from cities and rail-
roads, keeps the market price of lands low, so that
the annual agricultural products of some States aie
worth more than halt the valuation ot all improved
and wild lamb listed for taxation, leaving to the
Jund-uwiier. after giving half the product for labor,
twenty-hve per cent, for the use oi his lands a year.
The value ot agricultural products of these States
since the war is more than three times the assessed
valuation oi the lands producing them. It cannot
be doubted thai the 4 market value' ot southern
lands is tar below theii iutiuisic value. They yield,
a? managpd now, more than ten per cent, per annum
on double their census value, and nothing is want-
ing but peace and order to bring the price up in pro-
portion to their products,"
Let any one go to Richmond, Chattanooga,
or Atlanta and witness the steady and rapid
growth of those places, and he will not believe
that the States once cursed by slavery and
rebellion cannot rise to prosperity and power.
A better system of agriculture, an increase
of manufactures, an extension of the railroad
system, an encouragement of immigration, an
enlargement of the benefits of free schools, a
development of the mineral resources of that
region, are all in progress. Weglory in this
prosperity; we proudly point to it. as the high-
est evidence of the benefits of free institutions ;
we strike hands with every earnest man in
pushing forward to completion these great
enterprises. In their success we hail the per-
manent return of an era of general reconcilia-
tion.
At last, let me again say, after months of
investigation and labor on tliis subject, that
not amnesty, not low taxes, not cheap govern-
ment, not penal statutes, not, the suspension
of habeas corpus, not the aid of military force,
not sentences of courts, not jails, not the rod
of power, not all united, will effectually and
forever put an end to the Ku Klux and such
as they. But the rod of the schoolmaster is
the sole and only effectual force. Before that
colored and white will bow, and yielding to
its potent spell will bow at last in obedience
to the majesty of the law.
The Patriot Soldier vs.
liebel,
The Unrepentant
SPEECH OF HON. WILLIAM T. CLARK,
OK TKXAS,
In the House of Representatives,
May 13, 1872.
The House having under consideration the eon-
tested-election ease of Gtddings >:*. Clark, from the
State of Texas-
Mr. CLARK, of Texas, said:
Mr. Speaker: I thank the chairman of the
Committee of Elections [Mr. McCraky] for
his courtesy. Under ordinary ciicumstanccs,
sir, an attempt to change the vote of t.lus
House upon the unaniu> ous report of the Com-
mittee of Elections would be thought, to say
the least, presumptuous. But my position in
this ease is such as to demand that I not only
vindicate myself before my constituency and
the country, but that 1 should also make one
last effort in behalf of the loyal Governor of
my Staie. For reasons which I have hereto-
fore stated to the House I have brought down
upon me the personal vindictiveness and ani-
mosity of the editor of one of the leading jour-
nals of the country. From week to week,
since my election,! have enjoyed the peculiar
regard of his editorial columns. In the pres-
ent crisis of political affairs it is natural,
therefore, that my case should have been pre-
judged, and while 1 do not desire to reflect in
any manner upon the integrity and character
of the Committee of Elections of this House,
1 cinnot believe, taking everything into con-
sideration, that 1 have been fairly dealt with.
1 had thought, sir, to enter into the details
of the cucumstauces which have brought about
the public and private denunciation of my-
self on the part of the editor of the Tribune,
but 1 can say nothing regarding that gentleman
which lias not been more ably said by the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Voohbees,] who.
in his eloqueut speech this morning, has, as I
believe, so disposed of the old white-livered
liypoetite that his name will never be mentioned
hereafter by honest men except as a traitor to
his patty and his country. In the rnanly and
complete exposure of this greatest pretender J
have some revenge to-day.
I have one other source of pride and satis-
faction. It is that my last vote in this Ilouse
was cast in favor ot the '"civil rights bill,"
giving to the men who have been my friends
from the first to the last all the rights and im-
munities which they should long ere tiiis U ve
enjoyed. I know, sir, that the man who takes
my place on this floor will religiously and con-
sistently cast his vote every time against any
measure which will place the American col-
ored citizen on an equal footing before the
law with those who have oppressed him for
the last two hundred years.
I have said, Mr. Speaker, that my case was
a peculiar one, arid has attracted the attention
of the country for the last six months. The
third congressional district of Texas is com-
posed of twenty-four counties with an area
almost as large as the State of New York.
The greater portion of the wealth and busy
life ot the State is in that district. There, its
most prominent politicians, business men, and
railroad 'men reside. There was selected by
therebel Democracy the battle-held in the con-
gressional contest on the 3d, 4th, 5th, and 6th
days of October, 1871. There, to defeat the
Republican candidate, was brought every ap-
pliance of money, fraud, intimidation, armed
violeuce, loss of employment, social and finan-
cial ostracism. Thecanvass over, the returns
in, it became the duty of the returning officers
to issue the certificate to one of the candidates. •
It was not issued until after a careful review
of the whole conduct of both parties during
the election ; and those officers, upon the tes-
timony before them, to which I shall hereafter
refer, believed it their duty to certify to this
House that 1 was elected by a majority of the
legal voters of the third congressional district
ot Texas. That certificate went, before your
committee. They decided that I was entitled
to my seat, and the House by a large majority
sustained the action of the committee.
Now, sir, that certificate of the Governor
must stand until it is fairly impeached. If
impeached, it will be an assurance to the rebel
Democracy of Texas that whatever may be the
registered majority, or t.he actual voting ma-
jority of any district, they are at liberty here-
after to use any means, however wicked or
violent, to deteat, the Republican candidate,
and it will find indorsement in this Congiess.
There are two points in this case to which
I desire to call the attention of the House.
First, the refusal of the committee to giant
me further time to establish the facts upon
which this ceitificale was issued, and second,
the report of the committee on the merits of the
case.
First, regarding the refusal of the com-
mittee to grant further time, I aver that the
same elements which were at work to defeat
my election wore constantly in force during
the whole time given me to make this contest.
The same men who hounded loyal persons to
death in 1861, and who drove Governor Sam
Houston to his grave, and who inaugurated
their second rebellion in my canvass ill 1871,
and who were the conspicuous and shining
lights, the fiiends of contestant, in their bitter
determination to bteak down the State govern-
ment, bring iiro contempt and pursue with
hatred and ostracism every lojal man in the
State, weie ihe men who brought indictments
against the Governor and other State,officials,
and ag.iinst every county official or other per-
son who was known to he my friend throughout
the district, thus preventing nay attorneys from
securing that evidence which would fully have
substantiated my answer to the notice of con-
test given by the contestant. These indict-
ments were procured by bribing grand juiies
even in the Federal eouits ; and they kept up
this spiiit of intimidation during the whole
sixty days. These fac's weie brought to my
knowledge for the first time on the 18th of
March. It is charged by the honorable chair
man of the committee that ] have not used
due diligence ; that I did not go to Texas my-
self. Sir, I had no reason, as I supposed, lo
go there, until that time. I had given my
attorneys all the information necessary foe
