3224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
Mr. SLOCUM. I desire to say a word in
order to show the fallacy of everything the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hale] has uttered.
In standing up as the advocate of the volun-
teer officers he has taken the case of a gentle-
man who was in the rank of captain in the
regular Army, and who took a volunteer com-
mission and rose to the rank of major gen-
eral. I, too, might give a case, that of a young
man who went into the service as a volunteer,
rose to be a major general, and was wounded
side by side with the officer referred to by the
gentleman from Maine. This man goes off
with a pension of twenty dollars a month,
while the other man gets $5,000 in virtue of
his rank in the regular Army.
Mr. DONNAN. Gentlemen have spoken
on this subject as though it included all the
officers in the regular Army who held posi-
tions in the volunteer service. The law is not
so wide. It only covera that class of officers
who were disabled by wounds received in the
service of their country during the rebellion.
Now we are retiring year after year our olfi
cers in the regular Army according to the
rank they got in the Army, officers who never
drew a sword or sroelled powder, but merely
held sinecure positions.
It is not fair to expect that the law affecting
a large numbBr of individuals can operate
equally in every ease. It cannot possibly do
so. But because such a law operates badly ill
a lew instances it is not fair to say that yon
will set aside an entire class, and to claim that
Congress shall be governed by those excep-
tional cases and repeal the law. 1 insist, if
as gentlemen have said Congress has dealt in
a niggardly manner with our volunteer offi-
cers, of which we have had an illustrious ex-
ample set before us so eloquently to-night; if
Congirss lias dealt in a niggardly and unjust
manner wiiii volunteer officers, that in no rea-
son why we should revoke our past action, our
just, ami none too liberal action, io my judg-
ment, to those officers of the regular Army
who served with such merit as to will lugh rank
in the volunteer service during the daysof dan
ger to the Republic.
I am willing that the bill shall he so amended
as that no olhcor hereafter shall be retired but
upon the rank he now holds. Hut 1 appeal to
Congress if it is not. entirely unfair that those
men who sacrifice almost life itself lor ttieir
countly should be placed hack by your action
precisely on a looting with officers of the reg
ular Army who have not diawu a sword lor
their country.
Mr. SLOCUM. 1 yield live minutes to the
gentleman trom Illinois, [Mr. i'VuNSWOivm,]
and shall then call the previous question.
Mr. h'AIINK WORTH. I desire to refer to
the di'Ci.nation made by 1,1k1 gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Uonuku,] that each succeed-
ing Congress has been disposed to undo what
the preceding Congress lias done for our sol-
diers. That allegation is not true : it is not
historically true. On the contrary, each suc-
ceeding Congress is disposed to outstrip its
predecessors in this respect, and to do more
for the soldiers than they have done ; and 1
trust and believe it will always be so, as Con-
gress after Congress shall assemble here. We
increase their pensions, we extend their boun-
ties, we make the laws more liberal, we take
in more of the disabilities, and in every way
we endeavor to soothe their passage through
life.
But there is a question of justice in this
matter. The gentleman who last addressed
the llouse [Mr. Donxax] says that he will not.
object to have the bill so amended that here-
alier all officers shall be" retired with the pay
of the rank which they actually held when
retired, although he protests against making
that rule apply to those who have been retired
heretofoie. How unjust that would be. That
would create a distinction, a privileged class
of men drawing pensions according to the date
at which their pensions began, rather than ac-
cording to the nature of their wounds or the
dignity of their rank. Again, do we retire
officers, do we raise the pay of the retired offi-
ceras a pension for the rank that he held, or is
it for the disability that he incurred ? I am not
asking what the law is, but what should be our
object. We should give this pension, for your
retired pay is nothing but a pension, because
of the disability, because of the extent of the
sacrifice that the man made, and not because
of the rank that he held.
Now, this bill proposes to give every officer
that has been retired the pay of the rank he
held in the regular Army when he was retired.
That is going a great way; that is going
further than any nation under the sun ever
went before. No other nation ever retired an
officer upon the pay of the rank that he held.
Suppose an officer holds the rank of a colonel
or a captain in the regular Army, you retire
him upon the pay of that rank ; but it is asked
that we shall retire him upon more pay than
he is actually getting according to his rank.
In speaking upon this subject, I am as dis-
interested as any man can be. There is an
officer in my district whose retirement I have
succeeded in getting, who has been retired
upon the pay of a brigadier general. The
rank he held in the volunteer service was that
ot colonel, and his rank in the regular Army
was that of captain. But I know that lie will
be satisfied when all are treated alike, and
that he will not ask to be one of a privileged
class to receive more pay than those that may
come after hi in.
Mr. -SLOCUM. I now ask for a vote on
the bill.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Merour] to the amendment moved
by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Hale.]
Mr. 1JUELL. I desire my colleague [Mr.
Si.ocum] tu yield to me to ask a question of
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. B'arns-
wortil. ]
Mr. SLOCUM. I cannot yield any more
time lor discussion.
Mr. DUISLL. 1 merely wish to ask a ques-
tion : whether, under the act of July 28, 1866,
which provides that officers of the regular
Army entitled to be retired on account of dis-
abilities occasioned by wounds received in
buttle may be. retired upon the full rank of the
com maud held by them, whether in the regu-
lar or volunteer service at the time when the
wounds were received—whether that does not
create a contract between the Government
and the officer? There is one instance which
1 have in my mind.
Mr. SLOCUM. I yield for a question only.
Mr. FAUNSVVOKl'H. I can say m reply
that 1 do not think it amounts to a contract.
But if it does, the officer can appeal to the
courts and have it, enforced.
The question was upon the amendment of
.Mr. Mercur, to add to the amendment of Mr.
Hale the following:
And provided also, That every officer of the Army
retired on account ot disabilities caused either by
wounds or sickness shall bo subject to the same
annual or bienuial physical examination as now
required by law tor volunteer officers and soldiers
upon the pousion-rolls.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The question was upon the amendment as
amended, which was as follows :
Provided, That nothing in this net shall affect the
rank or pay of auy otfioor heietotore retired under
provision ot law: A ad provided also, That every officer
of the Army retired on account of disability caused
either by wounds or sickness shall be subject to tbo
same annual or biennial physical examination as
now required by law tor volunteer officers and sol-
diers upon the pension-rolls.
Mr. SLOCUM. lam willing to accept the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Mercur] as a part of the bill, but
I hope the amendment of the gentleman from
Maine will not be adopted.
The SPEAKER. They are incorporated
together, and so stand before the House.
Mr. SLOCUM. Then I hope they will both
be voted down together.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Hale, as amended on motion of
Mr. Mercur, there were—ayes 27, noes 85.
Mr. CONGER I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. LYNCH. I move that the bill be laid
on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question recurring on the demand for
the yeas and nays, they were not ordered.
So the amendment of Mr. Hale, as amended
on motion of Mr. Mercur, was not agreed to.
Mr. MERCUR. I understand the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Slocum] is willing
to accept my amendment.
The SPEAKER. He cannot do so.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Cannot
the previous question be reconsidered ?
The SPEAKER. It cannot, because it has
been partly executed. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Merour] asks unanimous
consent that, the proviso offered by him may
be incorporated in the bill.
Mr. CONGER. I object.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr SLOOUM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CAMP MOHAVE MILITAHY KISSERVATION.
Mr. SLOCUM, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2698)
to provide for payment for certain property
taken by the Government for the extension of
the military reservation at Camp Mohave, in
the Territory of Arizona; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill, which was read, appioprates
$14,219, to be paid under the direction of the
Secreiary of War to the claimants for private
property taken by the Government in the
extension of the military reservation at Camp
Mohave, in the Territory of Arizona, under
General Order No. 74, Adjutant General's
Office, November 2, 1869, that sum being the
total amount awarded by a board of military
officers, convened by proper authority at saitt
camp, in September, 1870, as appears by their
report, duly approved byt.be War Depart-
ment.
'The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SLOCUM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enlistment of minors.
Mr. HAY. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was relerred the amendment
of the Senate to the bill (H. 11. No. 838) to
provide that minors shall not be enbsied ill
the military service of the United S'ates with-
out the consent of patents or guardians, have
directed me to report back the amendment
with a recommendation that it be concurred in.
The amendment waa read, as follows:
Before the word " consent" insert " written."
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HAY moved to reconsider the vote by
whijh the amendment was concurred in ,* and
also moved that the motion to reconsider bet
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
