1432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I insist on my
motion that the rules be suspended ; and that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and to-mor-
row morning the gentleman can procure an
arrangement.
, Mr. WHEELER. On what understanding?
Mr, GARFIELD, of Ohio. When to-mor-
row morning the bill comes up in the morning
hour he can make some arrangement.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suggest that, by
unanimous consent, the bill be discussed to-
morrow for three hours, and that at the end
of that time the previous question shall be con-
sidered as operating.
Mr. WHEELER. That arrangement meets
my views.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I prefer to wait
until the deficiency bill is disposed of. When
that is through I shall have no objection to
the arrangement.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, then, I will
add to ray suggestion, providing the deficiency
bill is disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hardly knows
how to submit a question of this kind with a
proviso, but the Chair suggests that if the
Committee on Appropriations, which has num-
erous bills in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, should simply refrain from
making a motion to go into committee, this
bill, of its own force, would be up throughout
to-morrow.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. But any gen-
tleman can move to go to the Speaker's table.
Mr. SARGENT. It will be in the power
of any gentleman, of course, to do that.
The SPEAKER. The proposition, then, as
nowstated in language which is quite unusual,
is that to-morrow three hours shall be devoted
to the discussiou of this bill, providing the
deficiency bill shall be finished to-day.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no objec-
tion to that.
_ Mr. McKINNEY. Is it understood that the
time shall be equally divided?
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
to this proposition the Chair will submit it to
the House for unanimous consent, hoping,
however, that it will not be drawn into a
precedent.
Mr. McKINNEY. Before unanimous con-
sent is given, I want to know how the time is
to be divided.
Mr. WHEELER. I design to divide the
time equitably.
Mr. McKINNEY. Will the tim§ be under
the control of the chairman of the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad if we enter into this
arrangement?
Mr. COX. I think the Speaker should
control the floor sometimes ; I should like to
see him do it. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. In the ordinary assign-
ment of the floor, the gentleman from New
York having had one hour, which he parceled
out between the opponents and the friends of
the measure, the next hour will be given to an
opponent of the measure, and the hour after
that to a friend of the measure.
Mr. McKINNEY. That would give the
friends of the measure two hours to our one.
Mr. WHEELER. The opponents of the
bill have had half of my hour.
_ The SPEAKER. The time will be equally
divided, for the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wheeler] would have one hour in which
to close the debate.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to know if it is
proposed to have an understanding that the
previous question shall operate at the end of
the four hours' debate ?
The SPEAKER. The suggestion is that
at the end of three hours' debate'the previous
question shall be considered as operating.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
to gentlemen that when he reluctantly sub-
mitted the proposition for unanimous consent
with the proviso, he saw that it would make
one bill a leverage to prevent the considera-
tion of another bill. The Chair -does not
think that he ought to submit a proposition
that one bill shall have certain privileges
before the House, provided another bill is
disposed of; because the House should not
act at any time under the pressure of any
influence excepting that of the bill before it.
Therefore, upon due consideration, the Chair
will not submit the proposition in that form.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. Such a proposition is not
parliamentary and not proper. The propo-
sition now is that on to-morrow three hours'
time may be devoted to the consideration of
this bill, and that at the end of that time
the previous question shall be considered as
operating.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to the portion of
the proposition that relates to the previous
question; not to the part allowing three hours'
debate.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair will sub
mitthis proposition: that at the end of the three
hours' debate the Chair will recognize the gen-
tleman in charge of the bill, to try the sense
of the House in whatever direction he may
choose.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have no objection to that.
The SPEAKER. If there shall be three
hours' debate allowed, the Chair desires that
there may be some agreement between the
friends and the opponents of the measure as
to how that time may be divided. The Chair
apprehends there will be no difficulty about
that.
Mr. WHEELER. There are some amend
ments which I desire may be received and
voted upon.
The SPEAKER. No further amendment
can be offered except by unanimous consent,
as those now pending exhaust the power of
amendment under the rules.
Mr. PERCE. I object to the proposed
arrangement.
The SPEAKER. Then the bill remains in
the morning hour.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now renew
my motion, that the rules be suspended and the
House resolvo itself into Committee of the
Whole on th# state of the Union for the con-
sideration of the special order, the deficiency
bill.
Pending the motion to go into Committee
of the Whole,
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
_ An act (H. R. No. 436) to create an addi-
tional land district in the State of Nevada;
An act (H. R. No. 893) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Kenyon;
An act (H. R. No. 894) granting a pension
to Joseph Montgomery;
An act (H. R. No. 1324) to create an addi-
tional land district in the State of Minnesota ;
An act (H. R. No. 1540) to authorize the
purchase of a site for a public building at
Cincinnati, Ohio;
An act (H. R. No. 1663) authorizing the
Warren National Bank of South Danvers, in
the State of Massachusetts, to change its name
to the Warren National Bank of Peabody,
Massachusetts; and
An act (H. R. No. 1745) to provide for the
designation of a chief medical purveyor.
survey of lands in oregon.
The SPEAKER, bv unani mous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of the Interior, in relation to the pending
appropriation for surveying public lands in
the State of Oregon; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
william weeks.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting the dis-
approval by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office of the private land claim of Wil-
liam Weeks, of New Orleans, Louisiana, with
accompanying papers; which was referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
freights and carriage to salt lake.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to the carriage
and freights to Salt Lake City by the Colorado
river; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
seizure and sale op cotton.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to a res-
olution of the House of January 12, 1872,
concerning the seizure, receipts, sale, and
disposition of the proceeds of seven bales of
cotton, the property of or claimed by John J.
Smith, of Vicksburg, Mississippi; which was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
niagara falls ship-canal.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a memorial of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, in relation to a
ship-canal around Niagara falls; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
war claim of montana.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a memorial of the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Mon-
tana, praying for an appropriation for horses,
arms, and ammunition, and other articles
necessary to arm Montana troops during the
year 1867; which was referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
j. scott tayne.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, in reference to a
bill (H. R. No. 1530) for the relief of J. Scott
Payne; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
claim of delaware indians.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior, in relation
to the claim of the Delaware Indians for stock
stolen from them by whites since the treaty of
1854; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
election contests.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House papers in the
Texas contested-eleetion cases of Giddings vs.
Clark and Whitmore vs. Herndon; which
were referred to the Committee of Elections.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. BROOKS, of Massachu-
setts, by unanimous consent, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files of the House papers
in the ease of Charles Watson.
On motion of Mr. DARRALL, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted to withdraw
PiS1 ^es Souse papers in the case
of Thomas Hoyt.
leave of absence.
By "unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Clark, of Texas, for five days;
to Mr. Crocker, for one week; to Mr. Speer,
of Pennsylvania, for one week; and to Mr.
Harris, of Mississippi, for fifteen days.
security of life on steam vessels.
Mr. NEGLEY. I desire-to enter a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the bill (H.
R. No. 654) to amend an act entitled "An
