4120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
a back-ground of nepotism, gift-taking offi-
cially compensated, and various presidential
pretensions beyond ail precedent—all this will
be one of the riddles of American history, to
be explained only by the extent to which-the
One Man Power had succeeded in subjugating
the Government.
INDIGNITY TO THE AFRICAN It ACE.
. Let me confess, sir, that, while at each stage
I have felt this tyranny most keenly, and never
doubted that it ought to be arrested by im-
peachment, my feelings have been most stirred
by the outrage to Hayti, which, besides being
a wrong to tl>e:Black Republic, was an insult
to the colored, race riot only abroad but here
at home. ■ - How a Chief Magistrate with four
millions of colored fellow-citizens could have
don© this thing passes comprehension. Did
b,e suppose it would not he known? Did he
imagine it could be hushed in official pigeon-
holes? Or was he insensible to the true char-
acter of his own conduct? The facts are
indisputable. For more than two generations
Hayti had been independent, emiiled under
International Law to equality among nations,
and since emancipation in our country, com-
mended to us as an example of self-gov-
ernment, being the first in the history of- the
African race aud the promise of ihe future.
An4 yet our President, in his effort to secure
that Naboth's vineyard on which he had set
bis) eyes, oot content with maintaining the
usurper Baez in power, occupying the harbors
of Dominica with war-ships, sent other war-
ships, being none other than our most power-
ful monitor, the Dictator, with the frigate Sev-
ern as consort, and with yet other monitors in
their train to strike at the independence of the
Black Republic and to menace it with war.
Do I err in any way, am I not entirely right
when I say that here was unpardonable out-
rage to the African race? As one who for
years has stood by the side of this much-
oppressed people, sympathizing always in
their woes and struggling for them, I felt the
blow which the President dealt, and it became
the more intolerable from the heartless at-
tempts to defend it. Alas! that our Presi-
dent should be willing to wield the giant
strength of the great Republic in trampling
upon the representative Government of the
African race. Alas I that he did not see the
infinite debt of friendship, kindness, and pro-
tection due to that people, so that instead of
monitors and war-ships, breathing violence,
he had sent a messenger of peace and good
will.
This outrage was followed by an incident
in which the same sentiments were revealed.
Frederick Douglass, remarkable for his intelli-
gence as for his eloquence, and always agree-
able in personal relations, whose only ofiense
is a skin not entirely Caucasian, was selected
bj; the President to accompany the St. Do-
mingo commissioners, and yet on his return,
and almost within sight of the Executive
Mansion, he was repelled from the common
table of the mail steamer on the Potomac,
where his companions were already seated,
and thus through him was the African race
insulted,_ and their equal rights denied, but
the President whose commission he had borne
neither did or said anything to right this
wrong, and a^ few days later, when entertain-
ing the commissioners at the Executive Man-
sion, actually forgot the colored orator whose
services he had sought. But this indignity is
in unison with the rest. After insulting the
Black Republic, it is easy to see how natural
it was to treat with insensibility the repre-
sentative of the African race.
ALL THESE THINGS IN ISSUE NOW,
Here I stay this painful presentment in its
various heads, beginning with Nepotism and
Gift-talcing officially compensated, and ending
in the_ contrivance against St. Domingo with
indignity to the African race, not because it
is complete, but because it is enough. With
sorrow unspeakable have I made this ex-
posure of pretensions which for the sake of
Republican Institutions every good citizen
should wish expunged from history; but I
had no alternative, The President himself
insists upon putting them in issue ; he will not
allow them to be forgotten. As a candidate
for reelection he invites judgment, while par-
tisans acting in his behalf make it absolutely
necessary by the brutality' of their assault on
faithful Republicans unwilling to see their
party, like the presidential office, a personal
perquisite. If his partisans are-exacting, vin-
dictive, and unjust, they act, only in harmony
with his own nature too truly represented in
them. There is not a ring, whether military
or senatorial, that does not derive its distinct-
ive character from himself. Therefore what
they do and what they say must be considered
as done and said by .the chieftain they serve.
And here is a new manifestation of that sov-
eign egotism which 110 taciturnity can cover
up, and a new motive for inquiry into its per-
nicious influence.
THE QMS AT PRESIDENTIAL QUARRELER.
Any presentment of the President would be
imperfect which did not show how this ungov-
ernable personality breaks forth in quarrel,
making him the great presidential quarreler of
our history. As in nepotism, gift-taking offi-
cially compensated, and presidential preten-
sions generally, here again he is foremost, hav-
ing quarreled not only more than any other
President, but more than all others together
from George Washington to himself. His own
Cabinet, the Senate, the House of Representa-
tives, the diplomatic service and the civil ser-
vice generally, all have their victims, nearly
every one of whom, besides serving the Repub-
lican party, had helped to make him President.
Nor have Army officers, his companions in
the field, or even his generous patrons, been
exempt. To him a quarrel is not only a con-
stant necessity but a perquisite of office. To
nurse a quarrel, like tending a horse, is in his
list of presidential duties. How idle must he
be should the words of Shakspearebe fulfilled,
"This dayall quarrels die." To him may be
applied those other words of Shakspeare, " as
quarrelous as the weasel."
Evidently our President has never read the
Eleventh Commandment: "A President of
the United States shall never quarrel." At
least he lives in perpetual violation of it, lis-
tening to stories from horse-cars, gobbling the
gossip of his military ring, discoursing on im-
aginary griefs, and nursing his unjust anger.
The elect of forty millions of people has no
right to quarrel with anybody. His position
is too exalted. He cannot do it without
offense to the requirements of patriotism,
without a shock to the decencies of life,
without a jar to the harmony of the universe.
If lesson were needed for his conduct he
might find it in that King of France, who, on
ascending the throne, made haste to declare
that he did not remember injuries received as
Dauphin. Perhaps a better model still would
be Tancred, the acknowledged type of the per-
fect Christian knight, who " disdained to speak
ill of whoever it might be, even when ill had
been spoken of himself." Our soldier Pres-
ident could not err in following this knightly
example. It this were too much then at least
might we hope that he would consent to limit
the sphere of his quarrelsome operations, so
that the public service might not be disturbed.
Of this be assured. In every quarrel he is the
offender, according to the fact, as according
to every reasonable presumption; especially
is he responsible for its continuance. The
President can always choose bis relations with
any citizen. But he chooses discord. With
the arrogance of arms he resents any imped-
iment in his path, as when, in the spring of
1870, without allusion to himself, I felt it my
duty to oppose his St. Domingo contrivance.
The verse of Juvenal, as translated by Dryden
(Satires, III, 464, 468,) describes his conduct.
" Poor me he fights, if that be fighting, where
He only cudgels, and I oaly hear.''
% V 9 ft * * « 4s#
" Answer pr answer not, 'tis all the same,
He lays me on and makes liie bear the blame."
Another scholarly translator gives to this
description of the presidential quarrel another
form, which is also applicable:
" If,that be deemed a quarrel where, heaven knows,
He only gives and I receive the blows—
Across my path he strides and bids me stand I—
I bow obsequious to the dread eommaud."
If the latter verse is not entirely true iu my
case, something must be pardoned to that
liberty, iu which I was born.
Men take their places in history according
to their deeds. The flattery of life is then
superseded by-the truthful record, and rulers
do not escape judgment. Louis X, of France,
has the designation of Ze Hutin or "The
Quarreler," by which he is known in the long
line of French kings. And so in the long line
of American Chief Magistrates has our Pres-
ident vindicated for himself the same title. He
must wear it. The French monarch was
younger than onr President; but there are
other points in his life which are not without
parallel. According to a-contemporary chron-
icle he' was " well-disposed but not very atten-
tive to the needs of the kingdom"—voleniif
mais pas bun mtentijy en ce qu'au royaume il
falloit; and then again it was his rare fortune
to sign one of the greatest; ordinances of French
history, declaring that according to nature all
men have the right to be free; but the Quar-
reler was in no respect author of this illus-
trious act, and was moved to its adoption by
considerations of personal advantage. It will
be for impartial history to determine if our
Quarreler, who treated his great office as a
personal perquisite, and all his life long was
against that Enfranchisement to which he put
his name, does not fall into the same categorv.
DUTY OE THE REPUBLICAN PAKTY.
Here I stop, and now the question of duty
is presented to the Republican party. I like
that word It is at the mandate of duty that
we must act. Do the presidential pretensions
merit the sanction of the party ? Can Repub-
licans without departing from all obligations,
whether of party or patriotism, recognize onr
ambitious Caesar as a proper representative?
Can we take the fearful responsibility of his
prolonged empire? I put these questions
solemnly, as a member of the Republican
party, with all the earnestness of a life devoted
to the triumph of this party, bnt which I
served always with the conviction that I gave
up nothing that was meant for country or
ma,nkind. • With me the party was country
and mankind; but with the adoption of all
these presidential pretensions, the party loses
its distinctive character and drops from its
sphere. Its creed ceases to he Republicanism
and becomes Grantism ; its members cease to
be Republicans and become Grant-men. It
is no longer a political party, but- a personal
party, tor myself, I say openly, 1 am no
man s man; nor do I belong to any personal
party.
ONE TERM FOR PRESIDENT.
The attempt to change the character of the
Republican party begins by assault on "the
principle of One Term for President. There-
fore mast- our support of this requirement be
mademanifest; and here we have the testimony
of our President and what is stronger, his
example, showing the necessity of such limita-
tion. Authentic report attests that before bis
nomination he declared that "The 1'berties
ot the country cannot be maintained without a
Une term amendment of the Constitution."
At this time Mr. Wade was pressing this very
amendment. Then after his nomination, and
wiiile his election was pending, the organ of
the Republican party at Washington, where he
resided, commended him constantly as faithful
