1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1433
act to provide for the better security of life on
board of vessels propelled in whole or in part
by steam, and for other purposes," approved
February 28, 1871, was yesterday recommitted
to the Committee on Commerce.
The SPEAKER. The motion to recon-
sider will be entered on the Journal.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Garfield, of Ohio, that the rules be suspended
and the House resolve itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union to
resume the consideration of the deficiency
appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Stevenson in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 1654) making appro-
priations to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the Government
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1872, and
for former years, and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
is upon the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Shanks,] to insert in the bill
the proviso which will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided  That no person shall receive any part
of the money appropriated by this act for any ser-
vices or pretended services as attorney, counselor,
or agent for any tribe, or Indian, or Indians, for
whom any part of these appropriations are made.
Any person violating this provision shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be fined in double
the amount so received.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last clause.
I do this pro forma, for the purpose of calling
attention to a matter of very considerable
interest, which it seems to me the country
ought to understand. I hold in my hand a
dispatch from San Francisco, dated March 1,
covering news from Wyckenburg, Arizona,
which says:
"The Apaches attacked two trains between that
place and Phoenix, and murdered Samuel Culhem-
ber and Thomas Harris. At Martinez ranch they
ran off the stock and plundered the station of all
movables. Culhember and Harris were employes
of the stage company."
The dispatch then goes on to speak of other
atrocities committed by these Apaches. The
history of Arizona for the past few years has
been painfully replete with scenes like these.
The Apaches seem to defy all the power that
the Government can exercise upon them, as
well as the irregular efforts of the people of
the Territory to punish them or put them
down.
A few days ago it was published in the news-
paper press that the President had ordered
General Howard, at the request of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, to proceed to Arizona
to investigate affairs in that Territory and
New Mexico, and to make report thereof.^ I
hold in my hand another dispatch from San
Francisco, published this morning, stating that
the press of San Francisco severely condemn
the sending of General Howard on a mission
to the Apaches now that General Cook is
about to take the field. A great mistake is
committed by the press of San Francisco (if
by this generic term is meant all the press of
that city, which I doubt,) in their opposition
to these movements of the President and the
Indian-department to control the Indians of
Arizona.
Mr. Colyer, whom I believe to be a man of
very honest impulses, though perhaps some-
what impulsive sometimes, was sent out dur-
ing the past season to Arizona, and made a
report upon the condition of affairs in that
Territory. 1I view of the policy of the Indian
peace commissioners, and their success in
treating with other wild and ferocious tribes,
it was the judgment of Mr. Colyer, from what
he. saw of the Apaches, that these were not so
different in mental and moral, constitution
from other wild tribes but that they could be
induced by proper treatment to remain at
peace with the whites ; and he recommended
a system of reservations remote from white
settlements upon which the Indians should
be placed and compelled to behave them-
selves.
The Interior Department, on the receipt of
this report of Vincent Colyer, recommended
to the President of the United States, by the
following letter of Mr. Delano, that these
reservations should be set apart, the Indians
removed to them, and there fed and clothed
as other Indians have been.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department op the Interior,
Washington, D. C., November 7,1871.
Sib: I have the honor to transmit herewith copy
of a communication addressed to this Depart-
ment by Hon. "Vincent Colyer, one of the board of
Indian peace commissioners who recently visited
Arizona, wherein he states his views in relation to
the Apacho Indians, and describes certain tracts of
country in Arizona and New Mexico, which, during
his recent visit to said Indians, he has selected to
be set apart as reservations for their use, as author-
ized to do by orders issued to him before visiting
the Apaches.
I have the honor to recommend, m pursuance.at
the understanding arrived at in our conversation
with the Secretary of War on the 6th instant, that
the President issue an order authorizing said tracts
of country described in Mr. Colyer's letter to be
regarded as reservations for the settlement of In-
dians until it is otherwiso ordered.
I have the honor, also, to suggest that the proper
officers of theWar Department be directed to inform
the various bands of roving Apaohes that they are
required to locate upon the reservations imme-
diately, and that upon so doing they will be fully
protected and provided for by the Government so
long as they remain on said reservations and pre-
serve peaceable relations with the Government,each
other, and the whito people; and that unless they
comply with this request, they will not thus be pro-
vided for and protected.
I suggest that they also be notified that they will
not be permitted to send their old men, women, and
children upon such reservations, and permit their
young men and braves to go upon the war-path.
I beg also to request that the proper officers of the
War Department be instructed to notify the white
people of Arizona and New Mexico of this determ-
ination of the Government to preserve, if possible,
peaco between the whites and tho Indians, and that
neitherwill be allowed to depredate or trespassupon
the other with impunity: and that so long and so
far as the Indians comply with these requirements
of the Government, and settle upon these reserva-
tions before indicated, and conduct themselves
peaceably thereafter, they will be protected by the
Government to the full extent of its power, and no
l0l1>eg also to inform you that it is the intention of
this Department to communicatoacopyof thisletter
to the superintendents of Indian affairs for Arizona
and New Mexico, and to direct tho superintendent
of Indian affairs for Arizona to remove his head-
quarters immediately to tho headquarters of the
commanding officer of the department of Arizona,
and to request him to cooperate fully with the officer
in charge of the troops in Arizona in the execution
of the purpose of the Government as indicated in this
request, provided the views herein expressed shall
have the approbation of the President and the war
Department. , „ t
I would further suggest that the War Department
will, for the present, select some suitable and dis-
creet officer of the Army to act as Indian agent for
any of the reservations in Arizona which may be
occupied by the Indians, under the orders herein
contemplated. , , , ,
Such agents will bo superseded by persons here-
after appointed by this Department at such times as
the President may hereafter deem proper.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
C. DELANO, Secretary.
The President.
Mr. SARGENT. I now ask the Clerk to
read the approval of the President of those
recommendations.
The Clerk read as follows:
Executive Maksiost,
Washington, D. C., November 9, 1371.
Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War, who
will take such action as may be neccssary to carry
out the recommendations of tho Secretary of the
Inten0r" _ U. S. GRANT.
Mr. SARGENT. They were also indorsed
by General Sherman in the letter which I send
up to be read, and by which it will be seen
that General Crook is assured that any meas-
ures of severity he sees lit to adopt against
depredating Indians, after notice to them, will
be approved by the Government.
The Clerk read as follows:
Headqtartbrs Army op the United States,
Washington, D. C., November 9,1871.
General: I now inclose you copies of a corre-
spondence between the Secretary of tho Interior
and War Department on tho subject of the policy
that is to prevail in Arizona with the Apache In-
dians. The Secretary of War wishes you to give all
the necessary orders to carry into fall effect this
policy, which is the same that prevails in the Indian
country generally, namely, to fix and determine
(usually with the assent expressed or implied of the
Indians concerned) the reservations within which
they may live and be protected by'all branches or
the executive Government; but if they wander out-
side thoy at once become objects of suspicion, liable
to be attacked by tho troops as hostile. The three
reservations reforred to in these papers, and more
particularly defined in the accompanying map,
seem far enough removod from the whito settle-
ments to avoid the dangers of collision of interest.
At all events, these Indians must have a chance to
escape war, and the most natural way it te assign
them homes and to compel them to remain thereorn.
While they remain on such reservations there is an
implied condition that they should not be permitted
to starve, and our experience is that tho Indian
Bureau is rarely supplied with the nccessary money
to provide food, in which event you may authorize
tho commissary department to provide for them,
being careful to confine issues only to those acting
in good faith and only for absolute wants.
The commanding officer of tho nearest military
post will be tho proper person to act as the Indian
agent until the regular agents come provided with
the necessary authority and funds to relieve them;
but you may yourself, or allow General Crook to ap-
point these temporary agents regardless of rank.,
The citizens of Arizona should be publicly in-
formed of.these events, and that the military have
the command of the President to protect these In-
dians on their reservations, and that under no pre-
tense must they invado them, except under the
leadership of the commanding officer having chargo
of them. _ ., ,
The boundaries of these reservations should also
be clearly defined, and any changes in them sug-
gested by expericnco should be reported, to the end
that they may be modified or changed by the highest
authority. T
After general notice to Indians and whites of this
policy. General Crook may feel assured that what-
ever measures of severity he may adopt to reduce
those Apaches to a peacetul and subordinate condi-
tion, will bo approved by tho War Department and
the President,
I am your obedient servant, _
"W. T. SHERMAN, General,
General J. M.Schofield, _ _
Commanding Military Division Pacific.
Mr. SARGENT. Subsequently, and in ac-
cordance with the foregoing orders, Crook
issued the following order.
The Clerk read as follows:
[General Orders, No. 35.J
Headquarters Department of Arizona.
Prescott, December 27,1871.
In accordance with the terms of the orders of the
division commander, the time within the limits
of which all roving bands of Apache Indians are
required to go upon their reservations is announced
and fixed as February 15,1872, on and after which
date all Apache Indians found outside of their res-
ervations will be considered and treated as hostiLe.
Commanding officers of posts will communicato
the contents of this order without delay, and by every
available moans, to the Indians concerned.
GEORGE CROOK,
Lieutenant Colonel Twenty-third Infantry,
Brevet Major General commanding.
Official: JOHN G. BOURKE,
Aid-de-Oamp.
Mr. SARGENT. I think it cannot be un-
derstood in Arizona and California what this
policy is that'is denounced, and which General
Howard is to see enforced. It is absolutely
necessary we should change the old system in
Arizona, which in the past has been one of
war only. We believe there may be a humane
side to the question. There is no doubt devil
enough in the Apaches to require the war
side of our policy shall be vigorously pressed.
General Howard, a man of discretion, of ex-
perience, of high rank—a man of pease as well
as of war, and besides a Christian gentleman™
has been instructed to carry put the policy of
the Administration; and that the press of San
Francisco may be fully advised of the charac-
ter of those instructions, I shall ask to have
tbem read. My attention having been called
to these matters this morning by the dispatches
which I have read, I have had conference with
the Secretary of the Interior, who furnished
me with these instructions.
