1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
485
42d Gong 2d Sess.
Texas Contested Election—Mr. Clark.
Ho. of Reps.
conducting the contest. Until I received
about that date a letter written on the 11th, I,
had no knowledge that testimony in my behalf
could not be taken, and in this connection I
will ask the Clerk to read a portion of the tes-
timony.
The Clerk read as follows:
Long Bottom, Freestone County.
March 11,1872.
Sir : As your friends, we think it our duty to com-
municate to you the fact that we have been in-
formed by parties who were intimidated at your
election that they were much more intimidated now
to testify to that fact. One man has been run out of
the county to keep from giving his testimony; and
ofhers leaving of their own accord to avoid their tes-
timony, in fear of losing their lives should they be
compelled to.testify to the truth. We would have
given you this information before, but for fear that
our names might be made public. We beg of you
not to do this, hut when called on in person we will
furnish you with the names of the parties alluded to.
With much respect for you, and desire for your
success, we are, respectfully,
Hon. W. T. Clark, City of Washington.
Brbnham, Texas, March 11,1872.
Bear Sir : Times are very unpropitious and men-
acing here. I have never before witnessed such cor-
• ruption and double-edged villainy as I have seen
here during the past two months. The drama that
is now being enacted throughout this State bv far
excels the midnight machinations and Ku KIux
assassinations of South and North Carolina and
Mississippi, in this: that by corrupt judges and
venal juries the Democracy, or the old leading reb-
els of this State, expect to accomplish their designs
in ridding Texas of the " scalawags " and " carpet-
baggers." without resorting to open rebellion or
Ku Klux bullets.
It is to be much regretted that the leading Repub-
licans of this State permitted the appointment of so
many hitherto rebels to high judicial positions, for
they might have known that they were only warm-
ing adders to life, that would notlose an opportunity
to strike their poisoned and envenomed tangs into
the very life of the Republican party. I myself at-
tempted to prevent the appointment of some men to
positions which they obtained, because I did not
possess sufficient influence with Governor Davis to
prevent it: but I take some little credit to myself in
warning the Governor against these men, who have,
since their appointments, done exactly what I pre-
dicted they would do, namely, betrayed the Repub-
lican party and made themselves the pliant tools of
the old rebels.
Since the election last fall nine tenths, of our dis-
trict judges have manifested a decided leaning to-
ward the old rebel principles, and their reasons for
so doing is because they believe that the coming elec-
tion this fall will give Texas a Democratic Legis-
lature, who will redistrict the State and cut off the
judicial heads of those judges who do their duty.
This cowardly andcontumely treachery does notend
with the judiciary, but it extends all the way down,
in many instances to sheriffs and constables.
By the aid of traitors, corrupt judges, and rebel
juries, bogus true bills are found against those Re-
publican officials who by neither threats nor money
can be forced into corrupt measures. By a judicial
Ku Kluxism Republicans will be forced to either
leave the State or else take up arms in self-defense.
Indictments are found and nearly written before
defendants are arrested and forced into trials with-
out witnesses. Tne sheriff summons a rebel jury
and every rebel lawyer voluntarily prosecutes, and,
as amatterof course,defendants are convicted; then
the rebel papers take it up and sing it throughout
the entire Union as proof of the corruption of the
so-called " carpet-bag and scalawag governments of
the South." For fear that I have already been too
tedious I will for the present close, hoping that you
will answer this immediately, and advise with your
Republican friends of this State as to the proper
course to be followed in preventing a Democratic
reign of terrorism in Texas. I know you have the
means and influence within yourself to turn the
tables on scoundrels and traitors.
Respectfully, yours, .
Hon. W. T. Clark, City of Washington.
P. S.—For full particulars of the condition of our
Texas affairs I refer you to the Houston Union and
State Journal, but not one half of the whole truth
has been shown up.
N. B.—You can use this letter as you may see
proper, suppressing for the present my name, if you
should use it, or any portion of it, in any of our
Republican journals.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas. Upon these state-
ments being made I immediately left for Texas,
and learned that this system of intimidation
organized by the contestant and his friends
was more complete and effective than I had
conceived. On my return I made my state-
ment under oath to the committee, which is
as follows:
Deposition of W. T. Chirk.
W. T. Clark, contostee in the above entitled cause,
being duly sworn, deposes and says:
I have taken testimony in the counties of Grimes,
Robertson, Brazos, and Harris, within the time
specified, as lam informed by my attorneys, all of
which testimony has not yet reached here, although
it is now en route. The reasons for not taking testi-
mony in other counties are herein set forth.
Immediately after it was known that I had ob-
tained my seat in the House, -a combination was
formed among the friends of the contestant in my
district to indict all officials, State and county, and
a system of persecution inaugurated against my wit-
nesses to prevent me from taking the testimony to
sustain my answer to the notice of contest. This
organized system extended to every county where
I desired to take evidence.
In Hill county the officers of election, with others
who were known to be my witnesses, were indicted
before the Federal grand jury in session at Austin,
Travis county, Texas, on the testimony of one Cham-
bers, a witness for the contestant. The parties so
indicted were all acquitted, and said. Chambers was
arrested and lodged in jail at Austin for perjury in
connection with these indictments.
In Navarro county my principal witnesses were
indictcd by the grand jury of that county, after
notice had been served that I would take testimony
in that county, and after it was known that the
testimony of the parties indicted would be taken in
my behalf. These cases have not been tried.
In Grimes county the registrar has been indicted
by the grand jury of that county, although he was
driven from the polls for fear of his life. It was
known that he was a witness in my favor. This case
has not yet been tried.
In Harris county the officials, including the regis-
trar, wore indicted by the grand jury of thai county
for alleged election frauds, since which they have
been tried and acauitted. Tlicy wore known to be
my witnesses.
In Washington county the system of persecution
reached its climax, Brenham, the county seat of
this county, being the residence of the contestant.
My principal witness, F. A. Wilmans, the mayor ot
the city, and one of the inspectors of election, was
indicted by the grand jury of that county for alleged
election frauds, was compelled to force his trial, and
was promptly acquitted on the testimony of one of
contestant's witnesses. It can be shown that other
parties, against whom indictments were found m
the same county, were promised dismissal of suit or
acquittal if they would give their testimony in this
causo in favor ot the contestant. These indictments
were procured while the contestant was taking tes-
timony in Brenham. My witnesses were thus over-
awed and intimidated from appearing and giving
testimony. Threats of personal violence were used
against them to keep them away.
This system of indictments was kept up in Wash-
ington county until, as I am informed, the contest-
ant and his brother, J. D. Giddings, of the law firm
of Giddings & Giddings, of Brenham, Were informed
that indictments were about to be found against
them, when the grand jury was suddenly dismissed.
Now that this system of persecution has been ex-
posed in the public press, recoiling on the heads of
those conspirators, a greater feehjag of security is
manifested, and the witnesses are now willing to
give their testimony, substantiating all the allega-
tions in my answer to notice of contest.
The indictments against the parties in the several
counties herein referred to were for alleged election
frauds, and were all against persons known to be
those on whom I relied as witnesses in this contest. In
no case in the entire district has a conviction been
had.
It will be observed that m the testimony taken
by the contestant is the evidence of certain officials,
whose affidavits and statements are herewith pre-
sented in support of the allegations herein contained.
This system of intimidation of witnesses and elec-
tion officers was inauguiated during the absence of
the Governor and secretary of State of Texas from
the State on official business. An indictment was
found by ftie Federal grand jury at Austin against
the Governor and other returning officers for issu-
ing the certificate of election to me. This fact was
heralded throughout the State and county for the
purpose of intimidating witnesses, and preventing
me from establishing the allegations in my answer.
It has transpired that the grand jury was packed by
a conspiracy of lawyers, the friends of the contest-
ant; that two of the deputy marshals summoned
themselves, with the connivance of said conspirators
and rat upon the grand jury for the purpose of pro-
curing the said indictment.
The records of the court show that this grand jury
was bribed; that one of the bribed grand j urors was
captured in attempting to escape into Mexico; has
since forfeited his bond, his bondsmen being the
attorneys and friends of the contestant. This ex-
posure of the wicked machinations of the conspira-
tors who had determined to make it impossible for
mo to take the required testimony has produced a
healthy reaction throughout the district and State.
All these acts of intimidation ot witnesses and
threats of violence, all these conspiracies and com-
binations, were inaugurated and carried into effect
and keptup during the sixty days allowed for taking
testimony in this case, nor could they be exposed ana
met, so as to restore a feeling of personal safety to
my witnesses within the time.
It will be shown that the contestant took his testi-
mony, as a rule, in the several counties while the
court was being.held and the grand jury in session,
and these indictments werebeingfound, andthatfor
the purpose of overawing and intimidating my witr
nesses and preventing my attorneys from taking
their testimony.
Immediately on the passage of the resolution
granting sixty days in wnich to take testimony in
this case,I gave to the contestant a list of attorneys of
highstandingin the profession, whom I had employed
to conduct my case. The affidavits of two of these
attorneys are hereto attached, marked F and H.
Matters of frrave importance to the State compelled
me to remain here during a large part of the time
allowed. Tine Governor and secretary of State were
here on important business connected with the pub-
lic affairs of the State, which demanded my personal
attention, and I felt that my case would be properly
attended to by my attorneys in Texas.
On or about the 10th of March I received letters
from my attorneys, and other persons friendly to me
in this contest, stating that such was the terrorism
produced and kept up by the system of persecution
as herein set forth, that they feared nothing could be
done in the way of taking testimony for me, in cer-
tain counties. A gentleman of high standing in
Harris county wrote me that he had been warned
not to be seen on the streets alone, as his life would
be in danger, and this because he was known to be a
very important witness for me. Similar communi-
cations were received from other counties.
Immdiately after receiving these various commun-
ications, I went with all haste to Texas, telegraph-
ing in advance to my attorney in Houston, Harris
county, to serve notice to take testimony in Wash-
ington and Limestone counties, which he did.
Sickness and delays on the road prevented me
reaching there until the 26th of March. On my
arrival I found that half had not been told in regard
to the conduct of these conspirators to prevent a
free, full, and fair statement of facts by my witnesses
on the stand.
Went in person to these counties ; conversed with
the witnesses, together with my attorneys, and from
them learned the facts herein stated. I was informed
by my attorneys that the contestant had left for this
city; that the agreement to take testimony, in pur-
suance of my notice by telegram, had been with-
drawn by contestant's attorneys. All I could do in
this case was to take the ex parte affidavits, which are
herewith submitted, marked as aforesaid. This
notice wasserved, as I am informed, by my attorney
within the time allowed. Wherefore, this deponent
avers he has used uot only due diligence, but extraor-
dinary diligence to procure the testimony within
the sixty days allowed; that he has been at great
expense and trouble, and has only been thwarted
by the combined efforts of the contestant and hi8
friends, as herein set forth. _
W. T. C&ARK.
Sworn to and subscribed before me, a justice of
the peace in and for the county of Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia, this 18th day of April, 1872.
U. s.j WM. C. HARPER, J. P.
Considering the facts herein set forth, the proofs
and statements filed herewith and made a part of
this application, the contestce asks for a reasonable
extension of time in which to tako^ testimony to
substantiate all the material allegations in his an-
swer to notice of contest contained, which he avers
he can and will do.
W. T. CLARK.
In order further to show that I was justified
in my action, I refer to a letter of my attorney,
dated February 24, which is as follows :
Houston, Texas, February 24,1872.
Dear Gknekal: I have taken the testimony on
our behalt in Robertson and Brazos counties, and it
is entirely satisfactory. We will begin here next
week. Giddings, I am informed by Bonner, made
a perfect failure at Limestone. He has taken testi-
mony in various countics without any kind of notice
to me. I am glad of it, as it will give us the chance
of going ahead without notice to him. I can make
out the strongest case for you ever presented before
Congress. Some developments I have already made
will astonish you. All is well. -or^-noc.
Yours, truly, A. C. ROGERS.
General William T. Clark.
I call attention also fco the depositions from
the county of Washington, signed by the dis-
trict attorney, sheriff, register, also witnesses
for the contestant:
The State of Texas, County of Washington :
The undersigned, citizens of said county, upon
their oath do say, that upon their personal knowl-
edge, in their opinion, there has existed for the last
few months in this county a combination of influen-
tial lawyers and Democratic citizens, friends and
supporters of D. C. Giddings in the late oongres-.
