1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2320
of Indian Affairs, General Walker, himself.
He is much better conversant with this sub-
ject than I am. He has taken great pains to
investigate it, and is thoroughly conversant
with the whole question. In regard to what
has been said by the Senator from Nevada
nearest me, [Mr. Stewart,] I can only say that
we do not propose to take one dollar of the
Government money. We do not propose to
remove these Indians unless they desire it.
We propose to take them to a reservation al-
ready occupied by the La Pointe Indians, what
is known as the Bad River reservation. The
La Pointe band is there now. There is land
enough in that La Pointe reservation, as I am
informed, for these three bands to occupy;
and when the two reservations on the Wiscon-
sin and Chippewa rivers are sold, and that in
Minnesota are sold, after repaying the United
States actual cost of the removal and fitting
them up in their new homes in this La Pointe
reservation, the balance of the proceeds will
be invested for their benefit.
Mr. STEWART. I do not understand the
Indian question as well as some pretend to do;
but in twenty years' observation I have seen
something of it, and what I have seen I some-
times know. I know that every trade with
the Indians is a job. The exception only
establishes the rule. Getting their consent to
remove thetn from one place to another, with-
out giving them a home anywhere, is throwing
your money away in trades with the Indians.
We are, it is said, to get the vote of the Indians
in open council in this case. Of course you
will get it if you want to buy the lands. This
$75,000 will be spent; and that is the way you
go on, the Government of the United States
losing nothing, we are told, by the appropria-
tion. We are appropriating millions every
year to manipulate this business—five, or six,
or eight millions a year. So much goes out
of the Treasury. Let these Indians select
farms on the reservation that will suit them
best,; let the rest of it be sold for their bene-
fit, and let them have a resting-place some-
where.
Now, suppose you get a railroad into Bay-
field, which the people there are straggling
for, and we have that proposition pending
here for a land grant to a railroad to get into
Bayfield. The land around there will become
valuable, and there will be a proposition here
in less than two years, perhaps a year, to re-
move these Indians from there somewhere
else—always with their consent, of course, a
consent which there is no trouble in getting.
Then you will have another expense and you
will make no further progress toward civil-
izii.g them than you have now. Give these
Indians one hundred and sixty acres of land
apiece, give them the proceeds of the rest,
and then if it. is necessary to appropriate
money to aid them further in living upon this
land to benefit the individual Indian himself,
do it. It seems to me that the Senate ought
to be willing at some time to make an experi-
ment of looking after individual rights, and
stop the experiment that has proceeded from
the Atlantic to the Pacific of moving the
Indians every time their presence is incon-
venient to anybody.
Mr. STEVENSON. The objection of the
Senator seems to be prospective. " Sufficient
unto the day is the evil thereof." If after we
move them into ihis La Pointe Indian reserva-
tion on Bad river an effort is made again to
remove them, I will join the Senator, if I am
here, in resisting it, because this evil has been
done. I agree with ail the Senator says in
regard to the bad treatment the Indians have
received. It commenced on the east side of
the Mississippi. They were sent West and
promised that they were to be taken care of.
They have not been taken care of; they have
been spoliated of their land; they have been
driven from pillar to post. That is all true ;
it is a part of the hibtory of the country ; and
it does not reflect much credit upon American
legislation ; but let us retrieve, if we can, the
injury that has been done 
Mr. STEWART. Let me say to my friend
from Kentucky that I admit it does not reflect
much credit on the wisdom of our legislation ;
but what is the history of it? The Indians
have had large reservations given them. The
idea at first was to give them hunting grounds.
That was perfectly unreasonable. Civiliza-
tion could not afford to dedicate a large tract
of land that they could not use for that pur-
pose. Consequently the next step was to put
them off on lands not needed for the use of
our people, with the idea that they were not
to become citizens and not to become civilized;
and so they were assigned what was deemed a
waste. Now, however, the time has expired
when anything can be given in the West, and
the proposition to civilize them stares us in
the face. They must be either exterminated
or civilized. You must give them such amount
of land as is reasonable. You cannot give
them a State or an empire now, because there
is not enough laud. The remnants of tribes
that remained in New York and have had
their own lands are civilized. Those every-
where who have not been removed are better
off than those who have been. Here is Wiscon-
sin, where they have all the appliances of civil-
ization, and it seems to me if there is any good
land on these reservations the Indians should
have the best of it. I presume if they had
that some of them would stay and improve.
But remove them from this place and the same
thing will be done again, the same pressure
will be brought again to remove them further.
Mr. STEVEN SON. I agree in the main with
what my friend from Nevada says. I am now
for carrying out the President's policy, first of
dealing with these Indians peacefully if we
can, of collecting them in large bodies upon
tracts of land sufficient for their support, and
which will isolate them upon reservations,
which, as far as my vote and my influence in
this body go, shall be sacred to thetn. I think
it is unwise policy not to collect them, and
this is a step in that general policy which pro-
poses to collect the Indians on large reserva-
tions, and to bring them all together, not to
scatter them here, there, and everywhere.
There are Indians in Colorado whose lands
are discovered to have rich minerals. We
know what the lesult of that will be. The
avarice of man will collect large numbers, and
the danger will be of a conflict. Of course,
in a struggle between the superior and infe-
rior race, ihepoor Indian must go down. The
benevolent and Christian policy of the nation
should be to take care of these men, and to
bring them together as this amendment pro-
poses, as the first step in this great design of
collecting the Indians in reservations, and
then let moral and beneficent and religious
influences be brought to bear upon them. It
cannot be done when they are scattered. Sell
the lands, pay full value for them, repay what
it costs to transfer them, and then let the
balance be invested in stocks for their benefit,
and my judgment is we shall have done our
duty as philanthropists and as statesmen and
as Christians, and that the Indians will gain
by it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Nevada offers an amendment  
Mr. STEWART. I am not satisfied that
my amendment is perfected in details as it
should be.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope my friend will
withdraw it.
Mr. STEWART. I withdraw it; but next
winter remember this will be up for removing
them again.
Mr. STEVENSON. No, I will join you
against it then.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Theamend-
ment to the amendment is withdrawn, and the
question recurs on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move, in a spirit of
friendliness to tlie amendment of the Senator
from Kentucky, by adding in what is the sec-
ond section as it stands, in the fifth line, after
the word "Interior," the words "with the
approval of the President," so that the com-
missioners who are to appraise these lands
shall be appointed by the Secretary of the
Interior with the approval of the President.
Mr. STEVENSON. I accept that amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, that modification will be made.
The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then 1 move in the elev-
enth line of the same section, after the word
" sale," to insertthe words " for cash," which
does not seem to be provided for, so that it
shall be a money sale and not a credit sale.
Mr. STEVENSON. I will accept that
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.^ If there be
no objection, this modification will be made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then in line seventeen
of the same section, after the word " and," I
move to amend by inserting the words "upon
payment therefor; " so that it will read, " and
upon payment therefor to cause patents in
the usual form to be issued," &c. That is to
say, that no patents shall be issued until the
cash is paid.
Mr. STEVENSON. I accept that, too.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Ifno objec-
tion be made, this modification will be made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then in the same section,
at. the end where it comes to the investment
of the moneys realized from the sale, I move
as before to insert, after the word '' Interior,"
in the twenty-eighth line, the words ''subject
to the approval of the President;" so that the
money invested by the Secretary of the Interior
for these Indians shall have the official approval
of the President, so that there shall be no ques-
tion of complaint of unfair dealing.
Mr. STEVENSON. I accept that also.
The PRESIDING OFFICEH. This modi-
fication will be made, if there be no objec-
tion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then in the last section,
the appropriation section, I move to amend,
after the word " dollars," in the first line, by
inserting the words " or so much thereof as
may be necessary." As it now stands, it seems
to be a positive direction that this sum of
$75,000 shall be absolutely spent. Of course
that is not intended.
Mr. STEVENSON. That is not the inten-
tion. 1 accept the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so modified, if there be no objec-
tion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In order to conform in
the latter part of the section the phraseology
to this qualified appropriation, the seventh
line ought to be amended by striking out the
word l,said" where it first occurs, and by
striking out the words " of seventy-five thou-
sand dollars " and inserting '• so expended
so as to read, "the sum so expended to be
reimbursed." I presume there is no objection
to that.
Mr. STEVENSON. None at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so modified, if there be no objec-
tion. The question is on the amendment of
the Senator liom Kentucky, as modified.
Mr. STEWART. I offer an amendment in
the second section, fourteenth line, to strike
out the words "and also for the entire body
offered." I do not want to receive bids for
the entire body. The section now reads:
After the said lands shall have been appraised,
as heroin provided, the Secretary of the Interior
shall be, and hereby is, authorized to offer the same
for sale, and sealed proposals, duly invited by pub-
lie advertisement, shall be received t'or the same,
for tracts notexeeediogonehundred and sixty acres
each, and also lor the entire body offered.
I move to strike out "and also for the
entire body offered." It only invites one bid
for the whole thing.
