486
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 13,
Ho. ob Reps.
Texas Contested Election—Mr. Clark.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
*ional election, which we believe has for its object
the creation of a "publie sentiment adverse to the
elueid&Mon of the tacts in relation to tae mode of
conducting said election, and the fraud, force, and
Uiegai proceedings perpetrated by the supporters
of D.C. Giddings. Nearly all the local county offi-
cials Ijtave been indieted by a Democratic grand jury
ior pretended offenses, and are being prosecuted by
a voluntary association of Democratic lawyers. All
Jlegublieans wbo have been acting in support of
their principles and party in the late congressional
election are pursued with implacable animosity.
OetjrfMiie-m in business and in all the relations of life
is th« order of the day.
Tkedndictments against the Governor and secretary
of SU-te for issuing a certificate of election to
Hon, W, T. Clark, as member-elect to the Forty-
Seeepd Congress of the United States trom the third
district of Texas, coupled with the proceedings
above stated to this county, has had the effect of
deterring all Republicans having a knowledge of
facts irom giving tbeir testimony in the contested-
election case of Giddings vtf. Clark. Any effort to
have taken testimony on the part of the contestee,
General Clark, wouldhavebeenfruitlessindevelop-
ipg the tu«ta, on account of the prevailing feeling of
insecurity Qh the part of Republicans. Now, how-
ever, since the schemes ot those who procured the
iMdictiuQnts against the Governor, secretary of State,
and local county officials have been exposed and
m>vd« public through the press, a reviving spirit of
sectmty is manifested among Republican masses.
Henee we believe nil the allegations of fr;iudand
ill-ega-iity made by Governor Davis and General
Cl-suk in tbeir answer to contestant's notice ot con-
test can aad will be fully established by competent
prooi, if tune is allowed.
l\ A. WILMANS,
Mayor of Brenham.
D. A. A1 LEN, Poitmaxter,
THOMAS G. DAVIDSON,
District Attorney Twenty- iSmih Judicial District.
M. W-BAlt, City M«r*hal.
Ln>l)LUTON SMITH.
Sheriff Wof-hinyton County.
1IKNRY KLOUICETT,
President Wiish/ngton. County.
S. A. HACK IVORTU.
Count j/ Ju<i(/<- Washiuoton County.
PETEli DILLEH. Hegivtrm.
K, h\ PAT tERSON,
THOMAS DWVER,
BKNJ. 0. WATKOUS,
A Member oj the State Convoo (ton in 18G8,
Sworn to and subscribed before inc. and the seal of
the district court of Washington county, State of
Texus> annexed, this the 3d day of April, A. D. 1872.
J. J.STOCKBRIDGE,
Clerk /'Matnet Court, Washington county, Texas.
I shall also ask to have incorporated in my
remarks articles from the Union and State
Journal with regard to the bribery of the
grand juries who presented these indictments :
44 The Aurtin Hi tig Conspiracy.—In what wo say
below wedonofc include the masses of the good meu
ot the SUvte who may have voted the Democratic
ticket. We include only the Austin ring conspira-
tors, and their supporters, wuethcr press or people,
and we hope to awake our tellow-cirizens of Texas,
ftiid of the country generally, to the enormity of
the crime* they have committed, and to the evil
purposes they have in view in trying to ruin the
State that they may profit by the confusion and
misery crent«*d.
. "The truth of Texas history, the sacredness of
judicial honor and justice, the sworn secrcsy and
faith of grand juries, the reputation, interests,
rights, and even lives of political opponents, have
all been put in jeopardy by the Austiu Democratic
ring. They have conspircd to rain every leading
man in the Texas Republican pairy; to break down
the Statu government; to repudiate the State debt.;
to rmn tho State credit; to destroy the vested rights
ot the capitalists who have trusted the State and
aro building our railroads; to inflame the people to
resist the laws; to corrupt or intimidate the courts;
to frighten the judges into helping them defeat the
collection of the school tax; to take 1'iee public
education away from the children and orphans of
confederate soldiers, and from all the poor children
of the State, white and colored; to calumniate the
personal reputation of every Republican official, or
public man, wbo does not play the tlunkey to them;
to corrupt or intimidate or prejudice juries to indict
every Republican who is at all in their way; to
band the bar together to prosecute and hunt down
every leader in the llepublican party; and to so
inflame the people, break down the lawt> and the
courts, damage material interests, deter immigra-
tion, disorganize society, as to ruin Texas, that they
may then turn round and lay it to the charge of the
Kepublican administration.
"These things are sober facts, terrible as they
may appear, every one of which can be verified and
illustrated by special instances. Every rumor or
charge again&t a Republican whom they dislike is
magnified by the malignant, and unscrupulous part
of the Democratic press, the bar-room and bawdy-
house Democratic politicians, and their gangs of
Glamorous and loud-swearing street-corner loafers,
into huge crimes. The indictments of vengeful grand
juries are invoked; the people of the State are mis-
led by the falsehoods of their correspondents and
journals; the telegraphic wires to the north are
charged with the same things, and the truth of the
case is only circulated in the Kepublican journals,
andhas no showing whatever on the telegraph lines;
and every possible appliance of heated public and
social opinion, .of professional influence, of sectional
war prejudices, and of the most outrageous datama-
tion of Republican reputation, are all invoked to
prejudice tne cases, prevent.a fair trial, and either
convict the hated one or breakdown his reputation.
The State if lull of buch instances."
" Our Federal Grand Jury.—The developments of
the last few day3 have exposed a system of corrup-
tion in the Federal jury of the# western district of
Texas that must attract attention at Washington.
When a body of grand jurors are detected in open
corruption; when the startling evidence of their
criminal bribery is exhibited to the public eye;
when it becomes necessary toplaee detectives upon
their track in Texas to secure the safety of our fel-
low-citizens, the purity of our national ermine is
sullied, and the honor of the Government degraded.
For the first time in the history of the Government
has so anomalous a case been presented; and it has
fallen to the lot of the Texas Democracy to exhibit
it. The highest functionaries of the State have be-
come victims of Democratic malevolence and of
purchased perjury. Persecutions are boldly perpe-
trated upon innocent men under the shelter of the
Federal court, because these men's only offense is
that they love their country and oppose Democracy.
"An honorable State senator has been dragged
from a sick bed and exposed to every contumely and
dishonor by Democratic machinations and malice,
and this jury is the authority for the outrage. The
Governor and the secretary of State have been in-
dicted by a body of men under the forms of law,
who are proven to have been selling themselves
openly to subserve the purposes of the enemies of
the Republican party and the Government. Frauds
and robberies upon the Treasury of the United States
are justified, and the Democratic thieves are per-
mitted to go scot-free, because, forsooth, they can
huv up tho grand jury at the nominal pricc ot from
thirty-five to two hundred and fifty dollars a head.
Well may we tremble for the safety of Republican
institutions when these outrages upon their tunda-
mental principles are existing in the highest and
what ought to be the purest tribunals of the country.
"In view of them, of their open and public exhi-
bition, it is the plain duty of Judge Duval to lib-
erate himself from the first taint of suspicion. He
cannot, as a just judge, entertain a single official
act emanating from such a source of corruption as
an openly acknowledged bribed grand jury. Ho
should put his official brand of infamy upon every
member of that body proven to be guilty. His plain
and only course is to throw out every indictment that
was bom of so corrupt a body, and every official act
that bears the stamp of their purchased perjury. If
it be possible he should go further and weed trom
the bar the members who have prostituted an hon-
orable profession to pursue with Democratic hate
tho best men in the State, only because they are
Republicans, a,nd to swindle the Treasury of the
Government out of its just dues."
"The followingfrom the Houston Union iscxactly
to the point. We take the liberty of leading it and
of placing it in our editorial column:
One of the funniest things that ever occurred in
the politics of Texas is the fact that the Democrats
packed the Federal grand jury to get the Governor
indictcd, and then got so frightened and ashamed
about it that they began to swear that the jury were
nearly all Republicans. Tney now want to get out
of it, and they are trying to represent it as a wholly
Republican affair. The Union showed each man's
political status by name over a month ago, and the
jury was shown to be more than two thirds Demo-
cratic. Nobody has dared to deny our statement.
More than two thirds of the jury were supporters of
Giddmgs and Hancock, and voted in the grand jury
as they voted in tho election.'"
I also add affidavits of another of 1hy attor-
neys, Judge Ooldwcll, a man eminent for his
legal ability and knowledge of the affairs
of the State ; the secretary of State, Hon.
James P. Newcomb j J. C. De Gress, super-
intendent of public instruction; J. G. Tracy,
chairman of the Kepublican central commit-
tee, and the statement of the Governor:
State of Texas, Grimes county :
I, C. Coldwell, one of the attorneys of W. T. Clark
m the contested election no^ pending in the Forfy-
Sccond Congress of tho United States, between D.
0. Giddings, contestant, and said "W. T. Clark, con-
testee, for a seat in the said Congroo3 trom the third
congressional district of the State of Texas, do say
that from diligent inquiry I am fully possessed
and do solemnly believe, that in pans of said dis-
trict it has not hitherto been possible to prevail
upon witnesses to testify in behalf of said contestee.
I hat as such attorney I have examined many per-
sons privately, who stated to me that they know
facts that would be material to support the*
tions of contestee in his answer to the notice of
contest. In the county of Grimes these persons
informed tne that they knotv of many Republican
voters who would have voted for contestee, but were
deterred from so doing because of threats to dis-
charge them from service and houses if they did so.
Others did not vote for contestee because of the
closing of the polls by the chief registrar, R.N.
Mills. I was informed by Democrats and Repub-
licans that Mills had just cause of alarm for his
safety; but the parties who gave this information
retused to testily, because, as they alleged, they
would be proscribed in business and ostracized,
themselves and their families.
I found a similar condition of affairs in Austin
county, except the closing of the polls. In Wash-
ington county, among the Republicans, all was con-
sternation and dismay. None felt secure from per-
secution if they gave in their evidence. Many of
them had been indicted, in my judgment, for pre-
tended offenses, and, X verily believe, for the pur-
pose of striking them with terror, so as to aid
contestant. The indicted persons are county officers.
The Democratic press, too, teemed v.lth denuncia-
tion and abuse of all in authority, and threatened
them with persecutions, so that, in my judgment, it
would have required extraordinary moral courage
for a man to have given his evidence in behalf of
contestee. The Governor, secretary of State, and
attorney general had been indicted for issuing a
certificate of election to contestee, and, during the
time that evidence should have been taken, hand-
bills were circulated and posted, to the efiect that
the Governor had fled and was a fugitive from jus-
tice. Tho daily press contained the same announce-
ment. It is impossible to escape the conclusion that
ail this was for the purpose of alarming Republicans
and aiding contestant. Whatever may have been
the motive, this was the effect, and so stated to me
by many Republicans, the usual exclamation
being, if the Governor is thus pursued, how can we,
as humble citizens, escape persecution? The storm
has blown over, and I now believe we could proceed
in taking testimony without serious difficulty.
C. COLDWELL.
Sworn to and subscribed to before me this 9th day
of April, 1872. Witness my hand and official signa-
ture and seal of office.
J. E. TEAGUE,
Notary Public, Grimes county, Texaz.
[L. S.J
Navasota, Texas, April 13,1872.
Testimony was taken for you, and closed last
Saturday of April; mailed yesterday. My own
statement mailed 9th.
C. COLDWELL.
Hon. W. T. Clark, 510 Tenth street.
State of Texas, county of Travis:
I, James P. Newcomb, secretary of State of the
State of Texas, being duly sworn, do 1 ay on oath
that I am convinced from information which has
come to me that a systematic effort has been organ-
ized and to a great extent carried out by the attor-
neys of D. O. (biddings, the candidate of the De-
mocracy ior Congressman in the third district, and
their aiders and abettors, to defeat a fair and com-
plete exposition ot the fraud, violence, and intim-
idation perpetrated by the said D. C. Giddings and
his political friends during tne recent congressional
election; that this conspiracy has developed itself
in the indictment and prosecution of State officials
and officers ot election, both in the Federal and §tato
courts ; and I fully believe that had there been no
contest and had the State returning officers granted
a certificate to D. C. (biddings, that sucti prosecution
would never have been instituted: and I further
believe that if all pressure is removed all the charges
ot violence, fraud, and corruption alleged against
the said D. C. Giddmgs and his political adherents
can be fully substantiated; and tnat this conspiracy,
directed against the State officers and officers of
election was in a great measure intended to prevent
and deter persons from giving testimony favorable
to General W. T. Clark, wuose seat in Congress is
contested by D. C. Giddings, and that the allowance
of ample time lor securing the testimony will serve
to. assure all persons summoned that they can testify
without fear. The terrorism exerted by prosecu-
tions before the courts is enhanced from the fact
that the Democratic lawyers (a laige majority of
tho lawyers being Democrats) combine and agree to
prosecute and not to defend Republicans when
indicted.
JAMES P. NEWCOMB,
&'po rentry of State, State of Texas*
Sworn and subscribed to before mo this 2.1 day of
April, 18(2.
[l. s.]
J. C. DE GRESS,
Superintendent of Public Instruction.
State of Texas, county of Tramn:
I, J. C. Do Gross, of said county and State, do say
on oath, that, I acnsuporintendent of public instruc-
tion for said State, and that I have an extensive
correspondence throughout tho State with my
official subordinates, and by means thereof and my
