1434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
The Clerk read as follows:
Department of the Interior,
Washington', D. C., March i, 1872.
Sir: On the 21st July, 1871, Vincent Colyer, esq.,
secretary of the board of Indian commissioners, was
directed to proceed to New Mexico and Arizona Ter-
ritories, to take such action: as in his judgment might
be deemed wisest for locating the nomadic tribes of
Indiana of those Territories upon suitable reserva-
tions, bringing them under the control of the Indian
department, and supplying them with the necessary
subsistence, clothing, and whatever else might be
deemed necessary.
He was invested with full powers to be exercised
according to his discretion in carrying into effect the
above objects, and was directed to report from time
to time to the Secretary of the Intorior his action
and progress.
On pages, from 32 to 86 inclusive, in the third
annual report of the board of Indian commission-
ers," (see copy herewith,) will be found the reports
made by Mr. Colyer upon these matters.
On the 7th of November, 1871,1, after receiving
said reports, addressed to the President of the United
States a communication, a copy of which will be
found in volume of "report" above referred to,
pages 83,84, wherein the policy of the Government
m reference to the Indians in Arizona and Now
Mexico is distinctly set forth. This policy was ap-
proved by the President and Secretary of War, and
instructions were given, as I understand, to the offi-
cers of the War Department to carry out that policy
in the treatment of said Indians, and to cooperate
with this Department in so doing._
Circumstances have recently arison creating ap-
prehensions that hostilities may berenewed between
the Indians and the military authorities, whereby
the policy thus inaugurated is in danger of being
defeated.
To prevont, if possible, the occurrence of such a
result, and to maintain peace and insure the execu-
tion of the policy of the Uovornment, as indicated
in the letter to the President, before referred to, you
are horeby authorized and requested to proceed to
the Terriioiies of Arizona and New Mexico, and
there take such action sis in your judgment may be
deemed best for the purpose of preserving peace
with tbe Indians in these Territories.
It is especially desired that such Indians be in-
duced tosettleand remain permanently upon reser-
vations; that they cease entirely their nomadic
habits and their practices of injustice and oruelty
toward the whites, and that the whites be induced,
if possible, to treat the Indians with humanity,
justice, and forbearance, and that the military au-
thorities be fully impressed with the necessity of
inducing both whites and Indians to conform to the
wishes of the Government as herein expressed.
The Department invests you with full powers and
a general discretion, to bo exorcised as your own
good judginont. may dictate, in carrying into offoct
its views in rolation to theso Indians, and you are
requested to repoi t from time to time to the Secre-
tary of the fntorior your progress and action under
this authority.
You are further requested to consider the propri-
ety of inducing tlio nomadic tribes of' Arizona to
unite and accept a reservation further east in the
Torritory of Neiv Mexico, whero they may be moro
readily roached by the offorts of the Government,
and of philanthropic citizens m the work of pro-
viding for their physical wants, and with a view to
promoting their civilization.
The great objcct of the Government is, first, to
preserve peacc between the United States and these
as well as all other tribes oflndians; second, to induce
them to abandon their present habits ot' life and go
upon permanent reservations, and bo placed under
the influences of education and Christian civilization.
You will therefore spare no effort m your power
to induce the Indians to conform to these wishes of
the Government, assuring them of its full protec-
tion and assistance so long as they obey its wishes
and comply with its requirements.
You will confer, as frequently and lully as circum-
stances will permit, with General Cook and other
military officers, and eodperato with them, as far as
practicable, iu executing the duties with which you
are charged.
You will be authorized to employ a clerk, whose
expenses and compensation will be paid by the office
of Indian affairs.
"Very respectfully, your obedionf servant,
C. DELANO,
Secretary of the Interior.
General 0. 0. Howard, Washington, D. G.
Mr. SARGENT. Now, sir, has not the war
policy alone failed in Arizona? The record
of the past few years has been bloody, venge-
ful, and disastrous to the suffering people of
that Territory. Can it be changed ? Must
it not be changed? The list of Indian mur-
ders in Arizona is long, and unvarying in
details. Yet no measures have ever been at-
tempted there except to chastise the Indians,
nothing worthy of the name in the way of a
reservation system has been maintained. For
the balance of this fiscal year, and for the
next, we have made large appropriations to
maintain the Indians there on reservations,
and remove the temptation for depredations
and murders. That policy must be tried, and
the protest against it, made in ignorance of the
facts, cannot stop it. General Howard is a
man of too high character to be thwarted or
turned back by denunciations in advance. The
Administration has settled its policy, and will
carry it out. Crook's order is part of it. Bal-
lets as well as beef are intended. But the
Indians are not to be hounded as outlaws,
with no place of refuge and no recognition
of submission. The policy that subdued the
Sioux who plundered and murdered and rav-
ished in Minnesota a few years ago, that has
quelled the Arapahoes, the Cheyennes, the
Tetons, and other ferocious tribes, and makes
their neighborhood safer than the streets of
some of our large cities, will be fairly, hon-
estly, efficiently, and humanely tried in Ari-
zona and New Mexico. I hope the press of
my State an,d the people of Arizona will not
do the great wrong of impeding its execution,
or insist on a failure in advance.
Now, as to the pending amendment, I think
that, on reflection, the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Shanks] will withdraw the amend-
ment now pending, or at any rate will assent
to the proposition I make to him, to strikeout
the last clause. Certainly we should not in this
careless manner create a new misdemeanor,
involving a punishmeut which may be a fine
of $100,000. The amendment of the gentle-
man is to provide that no person shall receive
any pay or compensation from any tribe or
tribes of Indians for any services as an attor-
ney or agent before Congress. That is the
purport ot' the amendment stated in brief.
Now, if that amendment be adopted, you
deprive the Indians of the privilege which
everybody else in the United States enjoys.
They may have a just claim before Congress.
You know how busy we Congressmen are.
Sometimes their claim may not come under
our attention. We may receive, perhaps, from
the Interior Department or from the President
a letter iu reference to it, calling our attention
to it; but the matter slips aside in our com-
mittee-room, and Congress after Congress goes
by, and the most obviously righteous claims
arc neglected, because the pressure of busi-
ness iti Congress prevents us from attending
to them.
It was for that reason I suggested that
if legislation was needed upon this matter it
should be had in the shape of a bill providing
that certain persous or attorneys should be
employed, or that agents shall not receive
more thau a certain compensation, to be pro-
vided by the Interior Department; or that
some other means of that kind should be pro-
vided, which would protect the Indian, while
allowing to everybody the ordinary privilege
of having attorneys if they desired them.
Mr. SHANKS. The remarks which have just
been made by the gentleman from California
[Mr. Sargent] have more than ever convinced
me of tho importance of my amendment. I will
answer one portion of those remarks now—■
that portion of his remarks in which he in-
sisted that a general bill ought to be passed.
I quite agree with the gentleman in that view ;
but I beg to say that our committee cannot be
called soon enough to have such a bill passed
in time to prevent the injury which may be
done by this bill.
1 wish also to allude, in this connection, to
another feature of the Indian policy, and it is
partly owing to the action of the gentleman
from California in this House that it has that
feature. If an Indian, or a portion of an
Indian tribe, destroy the property of white
citizens, there is no remedy out of the Indian
fund at all. I repeat, under a law enacted in
the appropriation bill of 1871 there is no
remedy to any American citizen under such
circumstances out of the Indian fund. I have
no objection to that. I indorse that part of
the policy, as Congress may deal with each
case as it comes up. But what seems particu-
larly strange about this thing is that this gives
a remedy to an attorney to go to the Indian
fund and take out of it that which it does not
give to' a man whom Indians have robbed of
his property. It does not place this matter in
a fair position, bnt allows such men as Gen-
eral Blunt, of Kansas, to do that which robbed
and wronged citizens have no opportunity of
doing ; that is, it allows him to go to the Indian
fund, to which they have no privilege of going.
I introduced the amendment which I have
submitted to the committee in the best possible
faith. I did it proceeding on the language of
the gentleman from California, [Mr. Sar-
gent.] When an amendment was offered by
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. McCor-
mick,] the gentleman from California [Mr.
Sargent] then used the language which I
shall read. After explaining to the House
what Blunt gave as an excuse for plundering
the Indians, whom he did plunder, the gentle-
man from California said:
" In that instance, however, the disbursing offi-
cers of the Government paid to the specific Indian
entitled to&pro rata share the amount he was en-
titled to. He received the money and had it in his
pockets, or in his blankets, or wherever an Indian
carries his money, and afterward settied with the
agent. Now, the only objection I have to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Missouri is that it will
not effect the object he has in view ; it will not pre-
vent an Indian, after he has received his money,
paying over to the agent whatever amount he may
previously have agreed to pay. I have no objection
to the adoption of the amendment, but I fear it will
not answer the gentleman's purpose."
The gentleman from California [Mr. Sar-
gent] said yesterday that he feared the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
McCormick] would not cover that ground. I
offer this amendment, which does cover that
ground, and which prohibits any one, any
agent or any attorney, from receiving money
for these purposes; and now the gentleman
objects to the penalty part of the amendment.
He says that it may take $100,000 out of a
man's pocket, as it provides that the penal-
ties shall be double the amount received. I
insist on it that this measure ought to pass.
1 would prefer that it should pass in a general
bill; but it ought to pass now, because there
are special instances before us, and a general
bill cannot well be passed because the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs will not be called in
time. 1 therefore decline to withdraw the
measure. I am impressed with the import-
ance of keeping it before the House.
Mr. SARGENT. I withdraw the amend-
ment and then renew it. It seems to me the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Shanks] in his
action on this matter is governed partly by
pride of authorship. I have called his atten-
tion over and over again to the fact that there
is not one item in this bill to which his amend-
ment can attach. It is a pretense merely to
legislate, and at the wrong time-. There is not
a dollar in this bill which his amendment can
legitimately affect, or for any such purposes
as his amendment contemplates. Here are
appropriations for the subsistence of Indians,
the money to be used by the Interior Depart-
ment, to send beef to the Navajo Indians, to
civilize the Apaches, to build agency buildings,
&c. The cases to which he refers are those
of old Indian claims, which are prosecuted
before Congress by attorneys, and there is not
a single claim of that character in this bill.
We send all such to the Committee of Claims.
Now, as I said last night, the gentleman
stands in a peculiarly favorable position to
legislate upon this matter, being chairman of
the Committee on Indian Affairs. His com-
mittee has been called two or three times this
session. He says now they will not be called
in time to act upon this matter. Why has he
not acted on the matter heretofore ? Why did
not the Committee on Indian Affairs in the
last Congress, of which he was a member, act
upon it? They are never prepared with their
propositions, aud then they come in and at the
tail end of an appropriation bill propose to
