1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
48?
42d Cong....2d Sbss.
Texas Contested Election—Mr. Clark.
Ho, ok Ebbs.
own observation on tours of official inspeotion, I
have aa accurate idea and good knowledge of affairs.
That since the assembling of the so-called tax-
payers' convention in the capitol last September,
there seems to be an organizod effort, on the part of
Democratic lawyers and leading Democratic pol-
iticians, to embarrass the operations of the State
government in all its departments. This is made
evident by voluntary associations of lawyers, who
tendered their services gratuitously to prevent the
collection of taxes levied to sustain our common
schools. Taking its rise in this source, a feeling of
bitter and implacable hostility has been manifested
on the part of the Democratic masses toward all
Republicans and the Republican administration.
From special sources of information entirely trust-
worthy, and from general report, I learn that Re-
publican officers are, and have been, for two or three
months past, pursued with false accusations in the
courts, and a storm of denunciation and detraction,
utterly destructive of the tree exercise of opinion
and action. Especially has this been the condition
of the third congressional district, where the mass
of our colored population reside. That during the
election lor a member of Congress in October, 1871,
I was a part of the time in Limestone couuty, aud
said county was completely under the dominion of
mob rule. That no freedom existed during said
period in the county aforesaid,-except for the lawless
mob. Large numbers of the colored vo ers had
taken refuge in the woods from the impending vio-
lence. That for the last two months, and even
longer, in my opinion, the condition of the public
mind has been such as to preclude the full expres-
sion of facts by Hepublican masses, bearing on the
contested election between D. 0. (biddings and W.
T. Clark for a seat in Forty-Second Congress, from
the t hird distriotof Texas. That latterly, owing to the
belief gradually fixing itself upon the Democratic
masses, that the national Executive will sustain our
Governor in his efforts to sccuro tho protection of
law to all classes, greater security is felt, and a
larger degree ot freedom is manifested by the mass
of Hepublican voters. And I now believe that if
timoisailowed there will be no difficulty in obtaining
the evidence that will sustain all the material allega-
tions of the answer ot W. T. Clark to the notice of
contest by IX C. Giddings. a ^
Superintendent of Public Instruction,
State of Texas.
State of Texas, Travis county:
Sworn to and subsoribed before me this 2d day of
April, A. D. 1862.
£l. s.J
JAMES P. NEWCOMB,
Secretary of folate.
State of Texas, county of Travis ;
I, J. G. Tracy, chairman of the Republican exec-
utive committee. State aforesaid, being duly sworn,
do say on oath that X believe there exists through-
out this State a- conspiracy on the part of the Demo-
cratic lawyers of a certain class and leading ultra
Democratic politicians, having for its object the
overthrow of the State government; that this con-
spiracy had its inception last summer during the
session of the so-called tax-payers' convention; that
the evidence of this is to be found in the admitted
organized effort of the Democratic lawyers of the
State to defeat the collection of school taxes, and in
the procuremcntof indictments by Democratic grand
juries of a large number of Republican officials for
frivolous and pretended offenses; that tho grand
jury, at the late term of the district court of the
United States for west district of Texas, were induced
by the conspirators aforesaid to present bills of "in-
dictment against the secretary of State, and his
Excellency the Governor as acccssory, for issuing a
certificate of election to Hon. W. T. Clark as mem-
ber-elect from the third district of Texas to the Forty-
Second Congress of the United States; that several
members of said grand jury have been arrested,
charged with having been compelled by Democratic
lawyersor their agents to do the bidding of said law-
yers; others of said grand jury, over their own sig-
naturesin the public prints aver that if the injunc-
tion of secrecy is removed they could testify to the
criminality of some of their fellows in presenting
8 id indictments. Since the finding of said bills
against the Governor and secretary of State, in va-
rious counties of tho third congressional district the
work of indictmglocal Hepublican officials for cor-
rupt purposes began, and has been prosecuted with
vigoi. In the county of Washington members of the
county or police court were indicted in the State
courts for the alleged offense of corruptly voting
upon particular measures pending before them. In
Grimes, Austin, and Harris counties criminal pro-
ceedings have been instituted against the judges of
election for tho manner in which they discharged
their several duties, all of which have been without
the slightest just cause or reasonable foundation,
as I verily believe. In consequence of these move-
ments by the Democracy there has been and still
continues a general feeling of insecurity on thepart
of Republicans, who would otherwise have given
important evidence of fraud, intimidation, and vio-
lence on the part ot the Democracy at the late con-
gressional eloction. This feeling of alarm existed
in a very high degree during the time allowed for
taking testimony in the contested election ot bid-
dings vs. Ql&rk. In Washington county the evidence
was taken during the session of the district oourfc,
and immediately preceding, when all was terror,
alarm; and confusion, in conseqaence of the unjust
criminal proceedings aforesaid.
In consequenee of tho enorgetio action of the Gov-
ernor, in connection with the fact that the crimes
of these conspirators have come to light, and been
exposed by the press, thus having tho effect of silenc-
ing them for the present, a feeling of greater security
now exists among loyal men, and I now believe full
and ample evidence can be had to establish all the
material allegations of Hon. W. T. Clark in his an-
swer to notice of contest by D. C. Giddings.
j. g. tracy.
Sworn and subscribed to before -me, at Austin,
Travis county, Texas, this 2d day of April, 1872.
fT q •, JAMES DAVIDSON,
J Adjutant General and Chief of Police
for State of Texas.
I, E. J. Davis, Governorof the State of Texas, do
certify that from my observation it has been the
purpose of D. C. Giddings, or his aiders or abettors,
since the contest commenced before Congress for the
seat now held by General W. T. Clark, to create a
public opinion adverse to Clark, by indicting through
corrupt manipulation of the United States grand
jury at Austin, the Governor and other State offi-
cers who gave the certificate of election to said W.
T. Clark. Among other means adopted to carry out
this design was the publication that the Governor,
through tear of those indictments, had fled the State,
which publication was issued in the form of an " ex-
tra," written by an individual known as W. M.,
alias "Ruck " Wnl/on, late chairman 9f the Demo-
cratic central committee, and issued from the office
of a paper published at the capital of the State,
called the Statesman, which I am informed and be-
lieve is owned and published by said Walton and the
law firm of Hancock & West, said Hancock being
the present member of Congress from the fourth
district of Texas.
My official information also leads me to conclude
that this design has been attempted to be earned
out in the State courts within that congressional
district by indictments and threats of indictments
and prosecution of the local officers who conducted
tho election, as well as of voters who had forwarded
complaints and affidavits charging improper con-
duct of the opposition at that election.
lam sure that during the excitement caused by
these proceedings, which have been going on for two
or three months past; it would not, have been possi-
ble to get full and straightforward statements Irom
all witnesses in that district in regard to facts favor-
able to said Olark. EDWARD J. DAVIS,
Governor Texas.
Thus it will be seen that no witness in my
behalf could have been brought forward to
swear to the truth in regard to the election.
It will also be seen that all these indictments
were intended to secure the object of the rebel
Democracy in the third district of Texas, which
was this, and only this, to unseat the sitting
member 'and force upon the House the con-
testant.
I now proceed to examine the case upon its
merits, and 1 cannot better do that tlian by
referring to a portion of my own argument
before tbe committee. I will not take up the
time of the Ilouse to read that here, but ask
that it may be incorporated in my remarks:
Bo-tque county.
It is a little remarkable thafcBosquecounty should
not have been counted for the contestant. The facts
are, that when the contestee was canvassing in that
county during the election he was advised to leave
by the principal Republicans for tho reason that it
was not safe lor any man of his sentiments to be seen
about there after daylight. , %
The registrar, Thomas lord, duly appointed, diu
not appear during the election, because, being a.
Union man, he had once before been hunted for ins
life, and escaped by a miracle.
Biazos county.
C. S. West, a bitter Democratic partisan, son-in-law
of Judge Duval, of the Federal court, wfto perjured
himselt a nd got his pay both from the confederacy and
the General Government and who now pretends to
hold the United f*tates eouit in toe western district
of Texas, this West, partner of Jojin Hancock, tho
Democratic member of the fourth district, who has
gone to Cincinnati with Senator Hamilton, gives
his testimony with regard to this county. The (gov-
ernor's nghtto rejectthc vote of Brazos county, ca>t
in face of the law, is indisputable.
• It Hancock and West and their sort are to dictate
the policy of this Government or the State govern-
ment of Texas, then it is time for Jefierson Dtivis to
be President of the United States.
Freestone county.
Freestone county was rejected by the Governor.
One eannot escape the conviction that all the wit-
nesses are suborned in the interest of contestant.
(See statement mads to Governor,' page *«.) The
contestant admits that frauds were committed, but
says, not in the interest of contestant. I ask an exam-
ination of testimony, and the statement made d£
Tracy, registrar, who was then acting in the interest
of justice, bqt who to the personal,knowledgoof con-
testee, was paid to make the counter statements, as
in the evidehoo of contestant*
Galveston county. ' •
In this county the friends of Mr. Gre&ley, of 'the
Tribune, were most active.' It is unneoes8ary t<J fco
into particulars in regard to Mr. Greeley's yisit to
Texas. It was made with the view to secure his
nomination a's President. The contestee gave him
no encouragement, and hence the opposition of the
Tribune and its friends in that county.
The man McCormick, who testifies, kep| founds
to hunt negroes before the wan was a major, or
rather says he was in the robel service; pretended
to be a Republican; was removed from offibe for
good cause; henco his opposition.
Grimfs county. ,
The evidence from this county on the part of eon-
testee has been telegraphed by his attorney as oft
the way. From this statement of Judge Coldwellit
will appear that R. N. Mills wag justified irf lep-Vjng
the polls, and that the statement of contestee in
regard to the 1,000 votes will be fully sustained.
. Harris county.
Her® we have to deal wi'th Jone of the most' re-
markable instances of rebel deceit und chicaner?.
The election was going on to all appearances quietly
and peaceably, until about two o'clock of the third
day. This contestee was here in person, and up to
that hour itwassuppo>ed that Harris ooUnty,oiieoi"
the most advanced and civilized communities of the
State, would give at least one thousand majority for
the Republican candidate.
Suddenly the contestant, appeared on. tho street,
and in less than two hours the election was broken
up. Hundreds of Republicans who, were there de-
siring to vote went home in fear and dismay.
The men who, without reason, broke up tbe elec-
tion have been indicted in the Federal court, and i.t
is to be hoped that they will receive thejust punish-
ment, provided for in the enforcement act.
Tho contestant makes the gratuitous remark-in
his argument that one of the Judges of election was
caught stuffing the ballot-box. He knows so well
that that is false, that on that testimony alone in
Harris county be has convicted himself before the
people of at least indiscretion.
Hill county.
It is only necessary to say, in answer to contestant
in legard to Hill county, that the man on whom he
relied, and who was bought by him or his friends
to swear that he had changed ballots, has been ar-
rested, confessing the perjury by which contestant
hopes to win this case.
Limestone county.
The state of affairs proven in this county is enough
to any impartial judge on which to rest l.his whole
ca8e* - , , - .
The contestant's statements, from the beginning
to the end of his argument, taken in connect-on
with the testimony, and that of contestee, herewith
submitted, are a sufficient answer to every charge
brought forward by contestant, and are sustained
by tne testimony taken by the contestant himself.
The argument of contestant regarding this county
will stand upon the records of election cases as tbe
climax of brazen effrontery and impudence.-
Navarro county.
The records of tbe War Department will show
that the allegations of contestant regarding Smith
are void of truth in every particular. Regarding
Robertson, Walker, and Washington counties, the
game acts of violence, intimidation, fraud, and cor-
ruption can be proven.
In utter defiance ot the laws of the land, these
men in 1871, as in 1861, set themselves up to subvert
not only the State, but the General Government.
They tore down the national flag and burned iPjn a
tar barrel. They murdered innocent men, quietly
sitting in the doors of their house.*, clipped.their
heads off and tossed their carcasses on the railway
track to shield their guilt. They burned down
sohool-hout.es; they whipped the teachers; thfcy
refused them shelter or food; and in every 'way -eon-
ceiv«'d by the villainy of man, they have attempted
to thwmt the voice of the loyal p.eegie throughout
the fetaie. ; ,t. '
They hate any man in sympathy with the Govern-
ment, either State or national,- afcd nothing will
bring them to their senses and secure   proper
regard for the rights of the people, but tiio ussur-
auce, once for ail expressed \a this House, that they
cannot take the law into their own hands and sub-
vert the State government and elect whom tfc-ey
please. f
Mr, Speaker, I have said that any attempt
at this stage of the contest to rewsethe ac-
tion of the Comruittee of Elections is a work
which Mr. Greeley would catt '* stjpergervice-
able." And yet I cannot go fioan this body,
where Itiunk i have no pergonal enetuy, where
I have labored tor tbe beat interests of toy
