1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1435
attach an amendment which has no reference
to anything in the bill, their consciences per-
haps pricking them for their non-action, and
the only effect of the amendment is to mar the
bill.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. If this amend-
ment will affect no item in the bill, what harm
can it do?
Mr. SARGENT. I answer the gentleman's
question by asking another. Would it do any
harm to attach the ten commandments to the
bill? [Laughter.] In legislating, the purpose
is to do good, and not merely to avoid error.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I see no neces-
sity in consuming time in arguing a proposition
which the gentleman admits cannot interfere
with any right which the bill confers.
Mr. SARGENT.- Because I do not want
this made an excuse by the gentleman from
Indiana for not legislating upon this matter.
There should be a bill most carefully prepared
which will allow the Indians to have the aid.
of attorneys if they waut them. Let it be neces-
sary that they shall have the approval of the
President, or of the Secretary of the Interior,
but do not take away from the Indian the right
to appear before us by another, a right which
belongs to every citizen. If we do, let us say
no more of our regard for civil rights.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I suggest that so
far as the penalty is concerned I would have
no objection to substituting for fine the rope
and the gallows.
Mr. SARGENT. That is to say, that any
man who shall come to Congress and ask that
justice shall be done to the Indian tribes shall
be so punished, no matter how good the motive
of the man may be. The gentleman himself,
after he has been out of Congress lor some six
years, might b® approached by some oppressed
tribe of Indians who would state a case that
they have been deprived for several years of
their just rights, and beg him to go to Congress
and assert those rights, and although he might
get their rights from Congress, if they should
pay him anything it would be a misdemeanor,
and he would be liable to a penalty of a fine of-
double the amount they paid him, and would
be glad to pay him.
Mr. BLAIli, of Missouri. Will the gentle-
man allow me to make a suggestion?
Mr. SARGENT. Very well, I will hear it.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. My idea is this:
as we are providing means for the support of
the Indians, and their protection, it does not
become us to permit them to employ attorneys
to consume it all; we had better do that through
our own officers and our own agents. We
want no attorneys there to consume all the
money we appropriate, and prevent it from
going to the Indians; we had better pay the
attorneys and agents ourselves.
Mr. SARGENT. The agents taking charge
of the Indians are not attorneys.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentle-
man has expired.
Mr. SARGENT. A moment longer only, as
my time has been partly consumed by others.
The case I supposed is the one reached by this
amendment, and not the case supposed by the
gentleman. It is not where a person goes to
the Indian territory and consumes their annu-
ities. If an honest man is employed by them
and sent here to obtain redress for them, the
question is whether the tribe should pay him.
1 have no sympathy with the Blunts, &c. I
followed that man up, and introduced an
amendment to the Indian appropriation bill
last year covering all the ground which this
shambling amendment may seem to touch.
My friend from Kentucky has, I see, the stat-
ute in his hand, and I will ask him to read it.
When that carefully considered legislation is
amended, let it be by the report of a commit-
tee, and not by such fugitive, crude, spasmodic
essays as this. Let gentlemen not mistake the
apparent end aimed at for wisdom of means.
I labor for justice to these tribes, but I cannot
assent to every stump speech attempted to
be put into the appropriation bills, however
virtuous the pretense.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I have
this to say: this amendment is intended to
prevent the operation of just such agents as
Mr. Blunt, who came here to the Congress of
the United States, accredited by the Indian
tribes, to obtain appropriations in behalf of
the Indians, and when he obtained thatmoney
for these Indians he charged them forty per
cent, of the whole amount. It is to prevent
just such agencies as those that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Shanks] is intended, and I hope that that
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. SARGENT. I will withdraw my
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. BECK. I renew the amendment to the
amendment. I desire the Clerk to read the
law as it now stands, because, as it occurs to
me, it covers all the questions raised by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Shanks.] It
is section three of the Indian appropriation
bill of last year, and was prepared by the gen-
tleman from California [Mr. Sargent] and
myself.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Sec. 3. That hereafter no contract or agreement
of any kind shall be made by any person, with any
tribe ot Indians, or individual Indian not a citizen
of the United States, for the payment of any money
or other thing of value to him, or any other person,
in consideration of services for said Indians relative
to their lands, or to any claims growing out of or in
reference to annuities from or treaties with the Uni-
ted States, unless such contract or agreement be in
writing, and approved by the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs and the Secretary of the Interior: and
all such contracts or agreements hereafter made, m
violation of the provisions of this section, arc hereby
declared null and void, and all money or other thing
of value paid to any person by any Indian or tribe,
or any one else, for or on his or their behalf, on ac-
count of such services, in excess of the amount ap-
proved by the said Commissioner and Secretary for
such services, may be recovered by suit in the name
of the United State* in any court of the United
States, regardless of the amount in controversy, one
half of which shall be paid to the person suing for
the same, and the other half shall be paid into the
Treasury of the United States, for the use of the
Indian or tribe by or for whom it was so paid; and
the person so receiving said monoy, and his aiders
and abettors, shall, in addition to the forfeiture
of said sum,be subject to prosecution for misde-
meanor in any court of the United States, and on
conviction shall be fined not less than $1,000, ana
imprisoned not less than six months, and it shall
be the duty of all district attorneys of the Uni-
ted States to prosecute such cases when applied
to to do so, and their failure and refusal shall be
ground for their removal from office. And any In-
dian agent, or other person in the employment oi
the United States, who shall, m violation ot the pro-
visions of this section, advise, sanction, or in any
wiy aid in the making of such contracts or agree-
ments, or in making such payments as are hero pro-
hibited, shall, in addition to the punishment herein
imposed on the person making said contract, or
receiving said money, be, on conviction, dismissed
from the service of the United States, and be ioreVer
disqualified from holding any office of profit or trust
under the same."
Mr. BECK. That section was drawn, after
consultation with the officers ofthe Department,
by the gentleman from California [Mr. Sar-
gent] and myself last year, and it is now the law
of the land. It strikes me that it covers just
such cases as the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Shanks] has alluded to, and at the same time
it protects the Indians in this, that it allows
persons to come here and present their case;
and then they can go before the Secretary of
the Interior, or other officers of the Govern-
ment, who will determine what ought to be
paid them for services rendered, so as not to
deprive the Indians of the advantage of hav-
ing some one under proper restrictions and
guards to represent their rights here. It
protects them against all sorts of improper
interference, and at the same time it allows
them to have such facilities as the Secretary
of War, the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
and other officers of the Government think they
ought to have in the proper presentation ot
their claims, the drawing of their petitions, or
anything of that kind which may be necessary
in order to enable them to present their cases
fairly. It seems to me that the law which I
have read, if properly enforced, will meet every
conceivable case, while.it will at the same time
prevent the hardships that might accrue from
prohibiting anybody from doing anything on
behalf of any Indian, which would, perhaps,
be the effect of the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, as I understand it. The
provision which has been read was drawn after
full investigation of all these matters by a sub-
committee of the Committee on Appropria-
tions in the last Congress. That sub com-
mittee was approved by the then chairman,
[Mr. Dawes,] and consisted of the gentleman
from California, [Mr. Sargent,] Mr. Law-
rence, a gentleman then representing the State
of Ohio, and myself. Congress adopted that
provision, and I believe it covers the case.
Mr. SHANKS. I know there is upon the
statute-book such a law as the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] has had read. I watrehed
the investigation to which he referred with a
good deal of anxiety. I was very well satisfied
with that part of the result. I was not so well
satisfied with the failure to take more decided
steps in another direction. However, I do not
speak of that now.
I am sorry that the gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Sargent]—and I speak of him in
the kindest terms—feels it his duty whenever
he takes the floor upon this question to turn
sharply upon the Committee on Indian Affairs.
I am not responsible for what the Committee
on Indian Affairs have not done. I may be
measurably responsible if they do not do some-
tiling now. Butthe gentleman from California
will pardon me when I refer to the fact that I
have allthetimeaided'himin carrying through
whatever he or the Departments through him
have indicated as tending to the settlement of
this question. I have never turned upon him
harshly on this floor ; Ibave never assailed his
work here; I have never interfered with its pro-
gress. I have not heretofore said to him as I
say now, that after that committee had investi-
gated the subject for a long time and made
their report upon it, they utterly failed to tell
what ought to be done in the premises, except
by reporting the single provision referred toby
the gentleman from Kentucky. When it. was
shown that violations of law had taken place
under the administration of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, they never said that h§
ought to be punished; they made no recom-
mendation ot that kind ; and in fact they ex-
onerated the very man who controlled Indian
affairs so badly at that time.
Mr. SARGENT. To whom does the gen-
tleman refer?
Mr. SHANKS. To Mr. Parker.-
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman is entirely
mistaken. Our report was the cause of his
removal.
Mr. SHANKS. Your report exonerated
him.
Mr. SARGENT. No, sir; our report said
that there was either incapacity or dishonesty
in the administration of his department.
Mr. SHANKS. But you said that you did
not see anything to justify any steps against
him.
Mr. SARGENT. We said nothing of the
kind.
Mr. SHANKS. Mr. Chairman, I am not
mistaken in what I assert on this point. But,
sir, I do not desire to find fault with the ac-
tion of any man in this House. I am driven
to take ray present course by the gentle-
man from California, [Mr. Sargent.] I have
taken positive steps in regard to this matter.
1 have been to the Secretary of the Interior
to ascertain the condition of this matter.
When propositions have been offered here
upon appropriation bills which ought to have
been enacted as matters of general legisla-
tion, I have supported them because I thought
they ought to pass. But now, after I have
aided these gentlemen in the adoption ot their
propositions, they turn around and denounce
the Committee on Indian Affairs because it
