1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3227
This law has never been altered or amended.
Brigadier General Brice, the Paymaster General of
the Army, was retired from active service on tho
31st of December, 1871, and the senior major of the
corps has since that time discharged the duties of
thntofiioe.
The vacancy cannot be filled, for the reason that
the sixth section of the act of March 3,1869, pro-
hibits anv promotion in the staff ol the Army. That
this provision was intended to be temporary in its
operation is obvious. The absolute prohibition of
any promotion would destroy notnnly the efficiency,
but the very existence of any department of the
Army. Congress has expressly recognized this prin-
ciple" by subsequent legislation. The act of April
10,1869, authorized the appointment of an Adjutant
General of the Army, and otfier bills of a bimilar
character have since been passed to meet the wants
of the military service.
The act of July 28,130(3, fixed the number of Army
paymasters at sixty, but under the proviso of the
act of March 3, 18^9, this number has been reduced
to forty-nine. This was doubtless the lull effect
intended. It certainly was never intended to leave
the pay or any other deportment without a respon-
sible chief or head, with the rank corresponding to
his position and duties.
A vacancy at tho head of a department is an
anomaly, and likely to cause confusion and impair
the efficiency of the service.
The chief ot the pyy department is no sinecure.
During the lute war there were five hundred addi-
tional payinasteis appointed under the act of July
5,1838, which authorizes an expansion of this depart-
ment to the exreut of one paymaster for every two
regiments of volunteers. Tins corps disbursed over
eleven hundred million dollars, and its entire ex-
penses, including pay of the officers of the corps,
fosses, and defalcations, was only three fourths of
one per cent, ot tho amount disbursed. In the war
of 1812, and up to 1821, when tne expeument was
unwisely tried of l mining t-his department with
clerks and officers ot low rank, the coire«.p<inding
expenses were lour nnd thir'y-six hundredths per
oent., or six times as large. In the matter of delal-
oitions the contrast is ft till moro apparent. During
and subsequent to the late war the defalcation s,
including the llodge deficiency, arc Its* than one
tenth ot one per cent, of the disbursements, while in
the war of 1812, and up to 18.il, they were three per
cent., or thirty times greater.
it believed that this improvement is owing fo
the law giving the officeisof tins corps sufficient rank
and pay to secure abuUy, character, !in<l Mdolity.
The present organization of tlie Army require^ an
annual expendituio of over eighteen million dol-
lars, for wuich the Paymaster General ot tho Aimy
is responsible. He is also required to interpret the
laws relating to pay. bo ua ties, and mileage, to super-
intend the distriOuuou of lunds, to uutue all pay
accounts of regiment-? and otliccrs, to keep a record
of all payments for bounty, and the reason lor their
rejection, and to famish information to Oougress
and all other departments ot the Government.
In addition to thishe is required to reswear Wash-
ington, to be constantly on duty, and to incur ex-
penses equal to those of the head or any other staff
department. The minority commitree is therefore
of tho opinion that the i ule prohibi:mg the promo-
tion ot the Paymaster General of the Auny ot the
United States to the rank of brigadier general is
injudicious and contraty to the principle of true
economy; and recommend the passage of this bill
without amendment.
Mr. DONNAN. Mr. Speaker, it is the
opinion of the majority of tue Committee on
Military Affairs that there is now greater rank
in the stafF corps of the Army than is neces-
sary; and in confirmation of that opinion I
have heie the testimony of General Hancock,
General McDowell, and General Thomas,
taken before the Committee on Military Aff.irs
of the Fortieth Congress, and reported to the
House by the distinguished gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Garfield ] These officers expli-
citly siate that there is no occasion in the
world for the present amount of rank that
exists in ihe staff of the Army.
Up to 1864 there was never a ijiigadier gen-
eral at the head of the pay department of the
Army. At that time, when joir Army con-
sisted of npwatd of a million men, a brigadier
general was made the chief of chat department.
He resigned less ik<m a year ago. The Senate
bill, if passed without amendment, will filf his
place with another brigadier general. Since
that officer was appointed in 18G4 yaur Army
has been reduced tioni over a million men to
thirty thousand. In the Fortieth Congress 111
pursuance of the report to which I have re-
ferred. a law was enacted that there should be
no further promotions in the staff corps, thus
unequivocally looking to a reduction of the
grade m this corps; and there have been no
promotions since that time. Now, when the
first vacancy has occurred in the position of
chief of this staff, the question arises whether
Congress shall follow the principle then de-
clared, and make the chief of staff the same in
rank as before the war, or whether you will
make this chief of staff a brigadier general,
thus establishing a principle which I have no
question will be followed as rapidly as vacan-
cies shall occur in the other staff corps. Thus
we shall have a brigadier general at the head
of seven, eight, or nine different staff corps in
the Army.
Another Congress—the Forty-First, I be-
l'eve—passed a law providing that 110 more
brigadier generals should be appointed until
the number should be reduced to bix; and that
thereafter there should be no greater number
of brigadier generals in the Army. My col-
league on the committee, the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Stocghton,] says this does not
mean the staff corps; that it means simply the
line of the Army. Sir, is it possible that the last
Congress, in this action, meant that you should
have in command of thirty thousand men no
more than six brigadier generals; and yet that
few officers doing principally clerical duties
should have over them a greater number of
brigadier generals? For you have to day more
brigadier generals in the staff corps than you
have in the whole Army proper.
I insist the intention was there should be a
reduction, and a reduction especially in the
grade of the staff corps, and to where it existed
prior to the war, and that precisely and ex-
plicitly according to the testimony of these
three distinguished generals. I have the testi-
mony ail here, and I would be glad to have
it read at the Clerk's desk but for the fact
that I do not wi.sh to take up the time of the
House at tiiis late hour of the evening.
The gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Stough-
ton] says the ieaeon why we should make this
office a brigadier gtneral is because it is
unjust that there should be a colonel at the
head of the pay department while there are
brigadier generals at the head of other staff
corps. My answer is that this is the first
vacancy which exists in reference to which we
I may apply the present rule. It is said the rule
was violated 111 reference to the Adjutant Gen-
eral, but there a vacancy existed at, the time,
and it was done by special law making him a
brigadier general, it was recited in the act
that a vacancy existed at the time in reference
i to that department.
| 1 say there is no injustice in this, but on the
I contrary it is only carrying out the spirit of the
I law that there shall not be the same grade
1 hereafter existing in the various staff corps
I which existed at the time of the rebellion when
we had an enormous army in the field.
It is said this would give the Paymaster
General less pay than he received prior to
the rebellion. The pay since 1799 has been
less than that which we now propose to give
to the Paymaster General. Under the act
of 1799 his pay was eighty dollars a month
and rations. Under the act of 1301 >t was $120,
which was repealed by the act ot' 1802. Under
the act of 1816 his annual salary was §2,500.
Under tlie act of March 2, 1849, he had the
tame salary, with the rank of colonel. Then
for the first time the Paymaster General of the
Army obtained the rank of colonel, and he
never obtained a higher rank under the law
of the land until the rebellion. Tn 1857 he
received the same pay, with acommutation of
rations at thirty cents, making $240 more.
Again, it has been said these officers ob-
tained brevet rank, and obtained larger pay
on that account. That is a mistake. Under
the act of 1812 the President was^ authorized
to confer brevets, provided nothing therein
should be so construed as to entitle the offi-
cers to additional emoluments, except where
commanding separate posts or detachments.
Under the act of 1818 all such officers who
had brevet rank received pay accordingly,when
they had command according to their brevet
rank. Under the act of March S, 1839, it
was especially provided the Adjutant General
should receive the pay provided for under the
act of 1818. So the Paymaster General had
never received previous to the rebellion higher
pay, or indeed as high, as he would under the
amendmeut of the committee, which proposes
he shall have the rank of colonel.
I therefore ask the House to sustain the
amendment of the committee. When the
vacancies occur in other staff corps they can
be provided for in the same way as we provide
for the Paymaster General, and we can give
them the rank which officers of the highest
rank in the Army have recommended they
should be placed 011; that is, to the same rank
which they held before the rebellion.
Under the amendment of the committee the
Paymaster General will receive $4,500 a year,
which is almost the pay of a member of Con-
gress, and besides he wfll receive it, for life.
I apprehend there will be a sufficient number
of well-qualified men to fill that position who
would be content with that compensation.
One word more. The present officer who
acts as Paymaster General expects to receive
this position. The gentleman from Michigan
states that it would leave the paymaster's
department without a head. The amendment
of the House provides there shall be a head
of the paymaster's department with the rank
and pav of colonel. I insist the amendment
of the House is in the spirit of existing law.
I now demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
amendment reported by the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
54, noes 40.
Mr. STOUGEITON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Stocghton
and Mr. Doxxan were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 77. noes GO.
Mr. STOUGHTON demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading; and it wasaccoidingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. DONNAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill  as passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. YOUNG, (at
nine o'clock and forty five minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
commit! ees:
By Mr. CALDWELL : The memorial of citi-
zens of west Tennessee, in favor of the removal
of the Federal court from Memphis to Hum-
boldt, Tennessee.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Lake county,
Tennessee, for 011 apprnptiation to levee the
Mississippi river from Hickinan. Kentucky, to
a p",int, opposite Island No. 10.
By Mr. COBUEN : The petition of certain
soldiers of Phcenixville, Pennsylvania, and
Elwood, New Jersey, asking a law providing
industrial homes for soldiers' and sailors'
orphans.
By Mr. ELY: Three petitions of soldiers,
sailors, and marines, to be permitted to sell,
assign, and transfer their right, title, and
interest to land.
By Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio : The petition
of George Reber, of Sandusky. Ohio, a'umg
compensation for use and damage to his prem-
ises, used and occupied by the one hundred
