540
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
manent appropriations include the public debt |
in its various forms and some other forms of
charges, which we find will be reduced about
nine millions from the amount appropriated
last year. The amount for the fiscal year 1871
was $183,302,243; the amount for the fiscal
year 1872 estimated at $163,601,861 ; the
amount for the fiscal year 1873 estimated at
$154,961,237.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question right here ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Will the gentleman
state how that compares with the estimates
from the Treasury Department?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 have the
figure, but do not see it at this moment; I
cannot, therefore, state it with accuracy. The
appropriations of the same character as those
contained in this bill were last year $20,772,000.
The estimates for the bill of this year, which
is exactly the counterpart of that of last
year, were about $20,100,000. The bill now
pending appropriates $2,336,000 less than
the bill of last year, and $3,000,000 less
than asked for in the estimates of this year.
Now, it is due to the committee of last year
that I should say I claim no merit for the
whole of that amount of reduction.
Mr. BECK. With the gentleman's consent,
I would like to say a single word. I worked
for two years on the Committee on Appropria-
tions of the last Congress; aud it was as stingy
a committee as I ever saw. The consequence
was that a deficiency bill of $11.000,000 had
to be brought ill; and the gentleman's com-
mittee will have to do the •".amo thing as soon
as the presidential election is over. [Laughter. ]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Possibly we
may. I will make no promises. I say that
the figures of last year were in my judgment
very economical. The committee did wisely
and well. One main item of this reduction of
$3,000,000 consists in a reduction of more than
half a million dollars in the appropriation for
the House of Representatives, for the reason
that this appropriation bill will not apply to
any Congress but the present. This Con-
gress will expire on the 4th of March, 1873 ;
and this appropriation bill is for the year end-
ing on the 30th of June following. Under our
present laws there will be no Congress in ses-
sion between March and June of 1873; there
will be no organized House, at least, until the
following December. We thought it unneces-
sary to appropriate out of the Treasury a large
sum of money for a Congress that will not
assemble within the fiscal year for which these
appropriations are made. This makes a large
share of the difference.
Mr. Chairman, thanking the House for its
patience in listening to these dry details. I
will yield the floor for any remarks which
other gentlemen desire to make.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman, this I believe
is the pioneer bill reported from the Commit-
tee on Appropriations ; it is the first bill they
have presented to the House for its consider-
ation, and it is probably proper to consider the
opening remarks of the honorable chairman of
that committee as a statement or justification
or explanation of the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment. I regret that he has devoted about
three fourths of his time to a very elaborate,
and I may add a very interesting disquisition
upon political economy in this country and
elsewhere. He has settled, at least in his own
mind, what he pleases to call a gauge which
should regulate the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment in proportion to population. He has
instanced England, its revenue, its population,
and its expenditures, as establishing in his own
mind at least a proper rule to govern a nation
as^ to the amount of revenue "that should be j
raised by taxes upon the people for the admin- j
istration of their public affairs. I listened,
sir, with some pleasure to that gentleman. I
admired the generality of his views, the indus-
try with which he has gathered certain theories,
and the ability witli which he has presented
them to the committee. But while I admire
for their ingenuity those theories, and, I may
add, in some respects those sophisms, I fail,
Mr. Chairman, to see their practical common-
sense application to the bill presented to the
committee for its consideration. I fail to find
any analogy in the manner of administering
the affairs of England and the manner of
administering the affairs of our own Govern-
ment at this time; and I doubt whether, taking
our population as a proper basis upon which
to adjust taxation, the gentleman's own rule
would not prove a fallacy when he comes to
make the mathematical demonstration and
calculation.
Now, sir, we know very well what has been
the increase of population in this country for
the last ten years; it has now become a matter
of statistics. We also know, fortunately, what
were the expenditures of this Government ten
years ago, and what they are now. I call the
attention of gentlemen of the committee to the
law making appropriations in 1860 for precisely
the same matters presented in this bill. They
will be astonished to find that the expenditures
for these very purposes alone have quadrupled
in amount; that during the administration of
James Buchanan, so often held up to the
country in odium, and which, in the minds
of some gentlemen, compares so unfavorably
with the Administration that they support, the
whole contingent expenses of the Executive
amounted to just $350. President Buchanan
had no brigadier generals or other military
officers attached to his staff to serve him as
secretaries and ushers at the White House ; and
the whole appropriation, including stationery
for the expenses of the Executive, amounted in
1860 to just $350. In the bill no w reported from
the Committee on Appropriations the corre-
sponding item amounts to $4,500. I refer to
this item as' illustrating the relative increase
in all the expenditures of the Government since
the administration of the present dominant
party came into power. I regret, therefore,
that the gentleman, in his essay in his opening
speech to give us some explanation of this
large increase of expenditures, did not tell us
why the appropriations in this bill amount to
$17,000,000. Why did he not tell us why this
appropriation bill amounted to $17,000,000 for
precisely the same objects that were ten years
ago conducted at an expenditure of at least one
third that amount? Why did he not explain to
us the report sent in to the President from the
civil service commission which makes this
statement to the country, and which will en-
able the country to know how and in what
manner the taxes of the people are expended,
and how and in what manner these enormous
revenues are disposed of? I will read from page
5 of the report ofthe civil service commission ;
"It is not easy to compute in figures the exact
economical difference bet-iveen a good and a bad sys-
tem of the civil service. It is, necessarily, a matter
of inference and of comparison between the prob-
able operation of a careless and it careful method.
But it, i^ calculated, by those who have made a care-
ful studv of alj the facts, that one fourth of the rev-
enues of the United States aie annually lost in the
collection, anil for a largo part of that loss a system
of the service which is fatally unsound may reason-
ably be hold responsible."
Now, sir, if does appear to me that that
honorable gentleman, with his conceded abil-
ity, in reporting these bills to this House, in
prefacing the introduction of these measures
with a general commentary on the expendi-
tures of the Government, should at least have
given a portionof his time to a study of this
remarkable, this lamentable statement made
by those who represent the President, who
stands before the world as responsible for this
condition of things. The civil service com-
mission say that one fourth of the revenues are
lost in the collection. We collect $390,000,000.
If $100,000,000 of the people's taxes are
lost by the fault of those who are appointed
to collect them, who is responsible, and who
should the people of the United States hold to
the most rigid accountability for this remark-
able and extraordinary fact? It does appear
to me, Mr. Chairman, that now, at the com-
mencement of the consideration of these ap-
propriations to pay for these expenditures, it is
proper and just for us to take into considera-
tion how and in what manner we can reduce
the revenue by reducing the expenditures of
the Government; how and in what manner the
people may obtain the remedy for those great
wrongs thus stated so directly to the President.
It seems to me that we cannot devote our
time, our energies, and our statesmanship to
a better purpose than in seeking to obtain at
the earliest practicable day that relief which
the down-trodden people of this country now
so imperiously demand at the hands of Con-
gress.
I did not intend, Mr. Chairman, when I rose,
to introduce any question of this kind at this
time. I did not intend to say a word to-day
on this subject. These remarks have been
called out altogether by the statements of the
chairman ofthe Committee on Appropriations,
who, I think, should propose to Congress the
means by which we may curtail these enorm-
ous expenditures; the means by which we may
restrict our expenditures within legitimate
boundaries; the means by which we may get rid
of these enormous sinecures which are wring-
ing the life-blood from the producing classes
of the country; the means by which the people
ofthe country may obtain relief, so that, instead
of expending $400,000,000 a year, the ex-
penditures of our Government may be brought
back to the good old days ofthe Republic when,
under Democratic administration, whether in
time of peace or war, they never did exceed
for any one year $135,000,000. We are now
in a time of profound peace ; we have no war
upon our hands ; we are at peace with all the
world, and all the industries, all the producing
interests of the country, so far as any war is
concerned, are in a perfectly natural and.
healthy condition. Our commerce is pros-
perous. Our agricultural productions exceed
all that they have ever been before. All of
our industries by their own individual force
of energy are making themselves sufficiently
productive to pay these enormous taxes to the
Government, and at the same time to subsist
themselves. Is it not our duty, then, Mr.
Chairman, to grant them the reliefwhich they
ask? Is it not our duty to do something for
the producing classes of the country, who have
to bear the burden of taxation ? Is it not our
duty to give something to the classes of people
who produce everything and not give to those
who produce nothing almost everything they
ask at the hands of Congress?
Now, sir, if that gentleman and his party
will take into serious consideration the true
condition of things in this nation, I am sure
before the adjournment of Congress ways and
means will be devised for the public relief aud
the remedy for the public wrong. _
Mr. HALE. I do not propose to occupy
much of the time of the committee, but there
are one or two points which it seems proper
to me should be kept in mind as bearing upon
the arraignment of the present Administra-
tion by the gentleman from New York, TMr.
Wood.]
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,]
the chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations. was careful in the speech which he
made in presenting the bill to this House to
abstain from anything like partisan allusions
or accusations. His was a calm and dispas-
sionate statement of the expenditures of the
Government, and also preceded by an elabo-
rate, and, as has been admitted by the gentleman
from .New York, an interesting discussion of
the causes and extent of expenses elsewhere,
our own being compared with those of other
countries, and particularly with Great Britain.
Now, the gentleman from New York ar-
raigns the present Administration in a general
accusation of extravagance. It is the duty of
