1436
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5S
has not done certain things which it is assumed
it was their duty to do. Gentlemen are not
delicate in taking out of the hands of the
Committee on Indian Affairs propositions
belonging to them; and we have not found
fault with them for doing so. I am sorry the
gentleman from California feels it his duty to
tnrn aside to make such remarks as he has
made.
I read from the report to which I have
referred:
"To the mind of the committee, the testimony
shows irregularities, neglect, and incompetency,
and, in some instances, a departure from the express
provisions of law for the regulation of Indian ex-
Senditures, and in the management of affairs in the
ndian department. But your committee have not
found evideneo of fraud or corruption on the part
of the Indian Commissioner. With much to criticise
and condemn, arising partly from a vicious system
inherited from the past, and partly from errors of
judgment in the construction of statutes passed to
insure economy and faithfulness in administration,
we have no evidence of any pecuniary or personal
advantage sought or derived by the Commissioner,
or any one connected with his bureau."
Then they exonerated that department and
took from it all censure for the losses which
the report says took place under these officers.
This man Blunt was the agent who took the
money which the report says ought to have
been paid to these Indians. They exonerated
all these men, although they say the money of
the Indians was taken by these men to whom
it did not belong. These gentlemen exoner-
ated the department, and saved theBe men from
censure by the very report which cost the Gov-
ernment the expenditure of a great deal of
time and money to make it.
I have been induced to say these things,
Mr. Chairman, not because I desire to say
them, but because of the persistent flings of
the gentleman on the Committee on Indian
Affairs. I do it from no spirit of malice, but
as some sort of a reply to these constant flings
on the part of the gentleman against the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs. I think the remarks
he has indulged in have been entirely wrong.
This committee to which the gentleman has
accorded so much credit, after making its
reports exposing all these frauds, nevertheless
falls down prostrate before these officers who
are alleged to have done all these wrongs and
does notproproso to censure thorn in the least
respect.
Mr. SARGENT rose.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. BECK. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. I renew it. Mr. Chair-
man, if the gentlemap from Indiana cannot
understand the report of the committee of this
House, which contains the clear statement
that, on the part of the late Indian Commis-
sioner, there were " irregularities," and not
only irregularities, but '"incompetency, and
• in some instances departure from the expressed
provisions of law," it would be difficult to en-
lighten him. That report shows these irreg-
ularities in the expenditures of the Indian
department, and incompetency on the part of
the Indian Commissioner. The publication
of the report caused the removal of this very
Commissioner on account of his incompetency.
If the gentleman does not understand that that
is a report against the Indian Commissioner,
I confess it is'idle for me to attempt to make
him understand the English language.
I do say to the House, and I say it boldly, that
any one who reads the testimony contained in
this book cannot come to any harsher judg-
ment than we did. We show there was no
evidence of fraud on the part of this officer.
There was evidence of incompetency, and for
his incompetency he was removed. There was
evidence that he did not live up to the law,
and for that he was removed. But no corrup-
tion was fastened on him.
It was not the Indian Committee which sits
uselessly from Congress to Congress which
made this investigation or hunted out this
man Blunt whom the gentleman calls the
"scoundrel Blunt." It was left for the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to do all this, and
the gentleman now comes in with his little
amendment to be put on the end of this bill,
where it does not belong, as though it were a
triumph of genius on the part of the Indian
Committee. Whatever guards havebeen thrown
around the Indians, whatever supervision is
now exercised over all these agents, whatever
there is now beneficial in our Indian policy
toward these Indians, has resulted from this in-
vestigation and the other labors of this commit-
tee, and not from any action taken on the part
of the gentleman or the Committee on Indian
Affairs. This report was printed in Febru-
ary, 1871, and from that day to the present we
have not heard from the Committee on Indian
Affairs in reference to this subject. The re-
forms in Indian management during the past
three years have been stupendous and reach-
ing every branch of the service, and this Com-
mittee on Appropriations has fostered and
promoted them. The gentleman now gets up
and offers this little amendment as though it
were attempting for the first time something
which never before had been thought of. His
new-born zeal is commendable, and I hope it
will continue, but with discretion. I trust this
amendment will not be adopted, as this is no
place for it, and it would, even if useful, expire
with this fiscal year now nearly closed.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I move to
strikeout the last word, and I do so for the pur-
pose, Mr. Chairman, of stating that I do not
understand the law read by the gentleman
from Kentucky to mean anything except that
it requires the agents authorized by the Secre-
tary of the Interior to come to Washington
city and attend to the business of the Indians.
The amendment of the gentleman from Indiana
provides where annuities or other moneys are
to be paid to Indians they shall be paid to
the Indians directly by the disbursing officers
of the nation. There is a difference between
the clause in the bill and the amendment of
the gentleman from Indiana. He goes further
by preventing the money which may be ob-
tained by Indian agents in this city being paid
over to any other persons than the Indians
themselves. If the Indians are entitled to
money it is provided that it shall bo paid to
the Indians themselves. We know the great
causc of complaint has been that the money
has been paid to these agents. In the case
of this man Blunt he received forty per cent,
of the money paid, to which these Indians
were entitled. The money should be paid to
the Indians themselves by the disbursing
officers themselves.
Mr. BECK. That has been the law for
twenty years.
Mr. SARGENT. Certainly.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I commend the
spirit of the gentleman from California [Mr.
Sargent] as an honest effort to protect the
rights of the Indians. But I cannot see why
it is that an amendment of this kind should
be resisted so strongly as he is resisting this
one. It does look to me that if we permit
agents and attorneys to consume the moneys
we appropriate and set apart for the Indians,
we should equally support the proposition
made here a iew days ago, and which the gen-
tleman himself resisted, when offered by the
gentleman from Texas [Mr. Conner] as an
amendment to the Indian appropriation bill,
that the money shall be used for the purpose
of paying for property taken by the Indians.
Mr. SARGENT. Would it not be well to
put that where it would operate? This bill
expires on the 1st of July.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I am speaking
now upon general principles. If we tolerate
these agencies and attorneyships it is virtually
taking money out of the appropriations given
to the Indians by the Congress of the United
States to pay these agents and attorneys.
Indeed, I hold that if we tolerate it in any
degree we might just as well make an appro-
priation here to deduct twenty-five per cent.
of the amount given and reserve it in the Uni-
ted States Treasury as pay it to these agents
and attorneys. We make an estimate here
that it takes one hundred or two hundred thou-
sand dollars per annum to provide for certain
tribes of Indians, because we think that that
sum is required for their actual comfort and
sustenance during the year; and yet we adopt
a policy which allows a system to grow up by
whieh those Indians are robbed of twenty-five,
thirty, and forty per cent, ofthevery money we
give them, and which we say is only sufficient
for their maintenance and support during that
time. In other words, it is making an effort to
provide for their support, and at the same
time, while doing this, we take from them the
very means that we give them to live upon.
I see no difference between this and reserving
a similar proportion of the appropriation to
be paid back into the Treasury. My idea in
reference to this is not simply to oppose the
principle of allowing honest attorneys, but to
oppose the principle, whether they are honest
or dishonest attorneys. If it is absolutely
necessary to have agents and attorneys in the
Territories to look after the interests of the
Indians, let us make an. appropriation directly
to pay attorneys for that business.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman has not
got hold of the right end of the string. We
do not propose that there shall be agents of
the Government anywhere to receive the
money.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Does the pay of
these agents not come out of the appropriation ?
Mr. SARGENT. No, sir, not at all.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The object of
the amendment, as I understand, is to prevent
these attorneys from receiving compensation
from the disbursing officer.
Mr. SARGENT. Not at all; that is not
what the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Shanks]
is aiming at.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Who pays this
money ?
Mr. SARGENT. The Government pays it
directly to the Indians.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. And they have
agents of their own who consume the money?
Mr. SARGENT. There is no attorney who
comes between the Government and the In-
dians at all.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman
does not fully comprehend my paint. I am
speaking of the general question of having
agents or attorneys at all acting for the Indians
to get their pay, and I say the principle is
wrong. It is wrong to tolerate the idea that
the Indians shall employ an attorney or agent
to come here, or that they shall employ one in
the city of Washington to look out for their
interests, and pay him out of moneys which
properly go to them. I would stop it; and if
this Government has to support the Indians,
if it has to appropriate money here to take
care of them, I say we ought to pay the agents
or the attorneys, if necessary, to look after their
interests, and not put it in the pover of any
person to be an agent or attorne for them,
and to take the money appropriat yfor them.
Why is the man who fills the office of the Sec-
retary of the Interior more honest than an
Indian agent ?
Mr. SARGENT. I think he is more honest
than some of them.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I mean on gen-
eral principles. Did you ever appoint a man
to be an Indian agent that you did not esteem
to be honest when you appointed him, and you
never appointed one to act in the Interior
Department whom you did not believe to be
honest?
Mr. SARGENT. I never appointed one at
all to my knowledge. [Laughter.]
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. When a man is
appointed to officehe is esteemed to be honest,
and I would just as soon trust the one as the
other.
[Here the hammer fell.]
