1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
541
the Opposition, when it charges extravagance
on the Administration, to be more particular
than the gentleman from New York has been.
And after a general charge is made as he has
made it, it is the duty of the accuser, when
he descends to particulars, to come to some-
thing besides an item where the expenditure of
the President's household has been increased
from $300 to $4,000, or if he find nothing more
important than that, it is fitting that he
remain silent. If the comparison is made
as he chose to make it, between President
Buchanan and the present Executive, it be-
comes him to consider this further fact, that
Mr. Buchanan increased the national debt
£34,000,000 in a time of profound peace, and,
as we now should say, with no adequate cause
for it; thereby increasing the annual expendi-
ture of the Government, in the payment of
interest, at the rate at which it ran at that
time, between two and three million dollars.
Sir, there is one fact which stands out prom-
inently here and before the country, aud, is,
I believe, one main reason why to-day the pres-
ent Administration is popular in the coun-
try and holds its confidence ; and that is that
in the aggregate the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment, its running expenses, including the
cost of maintaining the military establish-
ments, the War and the the Navy Departments,
has been brought down in the five years fol-
lowing 1866 to a figure, stated in round num-
bers. of about one hundred and twenty million
dollars. Now, sir, what were the expend-
itures during the years from 1855 to 1860, in
peace ; when there was nothing but the ordin-
ary every-day needs of the Government, be-
fore prices had been inflated, before everything
that is bought had leaped up to that high point
which, as has been truly stated by the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations, has
never come down again? I have not the exact
figures here, because I had no intention of
rising to address the House when I came in
this morning, but 1 know generally, without
pretending to give them exactly, that they
ranged from sixty-five to seventy million dol-
lars in a year. At that time there were raised
from the people and expended by the Demo-
cratic administration of James Buchanan be-
tween sixty-five and seventy million dollars
per year. And here are we immediately follow-
ing this war, with all the burden of increased
responsibility, with all the expansion that has
necessarily resulted from flush times, with the
habit in men's minds of extravagance, both in
private and in public expenditures, which
necessarily follows suvh a period as was that
from 1860 to 1806, and yet the expenditure has
been so well kept in hand that to-day it is but
one hundred and twenty million dollars, includ-
ing both the War and Navy Departments, No w,
sir, that is to be reduced. That figure, low as it
is, compared with what it was five years ago, is,
as the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations has said, to be brought still lower.
The rule has been established, and there has
been no year since the present Administration
came iu during which the expenditure has not
been cut down, and the Committee on Appro-
priations by its present report shows that it
can be still further reduced. The reduction
is to go on, and I believe the lowest figure may
perhaps be reached a year or two earlier than
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] has
slated. But as the expenditure stands to-day,
how does it compare? Does it present in
itself anything of the hopeless extravagance
which has been charged by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Wood ?] Coming to the in-
dividual experience of each of us, I ask what
man with an establishment to maintain is
there living to-day who will look back to the
year 1860 and not find that the expenses of
his establishment in all regards have been
increased in a larger percentage than the
expenses of the Government? It has been
inevitable.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman state to
the House what the expenses under Mr. Bu-
chanan's administration were for the War and
Navy Departments?
Mr. HALE. As I have said, I cannot give
you the details, and it is not important that I
should do so. What the country looks to is the
whole aggregate.
Mr. BECK. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say that the expenses of the War and
Navy Departments for three years prior to
1860 amounted to $65,000,000 a year?
Mr. HALE. Certainly not.
Mr. BECK. What did the gentleman say
upon that point, then?
Mr. HALE. I spoke of the entire expend-
itures under President Buchanan's adminis-
tration, and I hardly see how I can have been
mistaken. I did not pretend to go into
details. I was speaking of the total, and
comparing it with the expenses of the present
Administration.
Mr. BECK. Was not the total appropria-
tion made to carry on the Government during
Mr. Buchanan's administration somewhere
about sixty-five million dollars a year?
Mr. HALE. I have stated that already and
have compared it with the present expenditures
of the Government. The people are doubtless
desirous that the amount should be reduced to
a lower figure if it can be done, aud, as I have
said, we are going on doing it. But I say there
is no candid man who will take into considera-
tion the inevitable needs of any branch of the
Government who will find that the expenses
have been swollen since 1860 to a higher point
relatively than the expenses of a private indi-
vidual during the same time.
Now, the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Wood,] in arraigning the Administration and
citing authorities, has been driven into a mis-
take, not by any figures or statistics compiled
by competent authority, not by any returns of
officials, but by a statement made in the report
of the board which examined the subject of a
change in the civil service of the Government.
I have great confidence in the gentlemen com-
posing that board, and great confidence that
good will result from their action; but I never
heard before that anybody claimed that the
statement, as quoted by the gentleman from
New York, cau be borne out by investigation
and shown to be true by figures and facts.
Now, sir, instead of its costing one fourth
of the amount of the revenue raised to collect
it, as stated by the gentleman from New York,
the amount is really only between five aud six
per cent., if I remember correctly. If the
gentleman looks to the Treasury Department,
where the collections are made both of the
customs duties and of the internal revenue
taxes, which are the two leading items, he will
find there what the expenses are, stated in
such a manner and in such details that he
cannot misunderstand. It is unfair that such
statements as that which he has made should
go before the country. It is not true that one
fourth of the revenue collected from the tax-
payers of the country goes to pay the expenses
of the collection of that revenue.
Mr. MAYNARD. As the gentleman is now
upon a point where he is liable to be quoted,
I beg leave to suggest to him that according
to my recollection the expense of collecting
the public revenue is only about four per cent.
Mr. HALE. In my desire not to under-
state the percentage I may have stated it too
high. The statement made by the board to
investigate the question of civil service reform
was not that one fourth of the revenues are
spent in collecting them under the present
Administration, but that this loss to the reve-
nue of nearly one fourth of taxes as laid i«
the result of the system which has comedown
to us for many years; not originated by the j
Republican party, but from yeais far back. ;
This is the result of the spoils system origin-
ated by the Democratic party and by its great
leader, Andrew Jackson.^
The aggregate expenditures of the Govern-
ment to-day in all its branches are not exor-
bitant and not enormous, aside from the neces-
sary expenditures resulting from the late war,
which are undoubtedly tremendous.
The gentleman from New York says he
wants to come back to the old Democratic
days, when $100,000,000 or less was collected
from the pockets of the people in the shape
of taxation. Will he, in order to do that,
repudiate the national debt, the interest upon
which and the reduction of the principal now
constitute a large item in the present expend-
itures ? Will he cut off to-day the items of
pensions and bounties to soldiers that are given
to the men who saved this country in its hour
of peril ? Will he, in order to come back to
the standard of expenditure of ancient days,
cut off these items ? All these general state-
ments, when analyzed, amount to that—repu-
diation of the national debt, and a falling away
from the support of the wounded and helpless
soldiers. We must pay these large sums; we
cannot go back from these burdens. But in
the running expenses of the Government the
investigations of the Committee on Appropri-
ations of last year and the investigations of
the Committee on Appropriations of this year
show, if they show anything, that the Govern-
ment to-day is run cheaply, when you consider
the times, the high prices of everything, and
the extravagance of habit and tone.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman allow
me a question?
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. RANDALL. Can the gentleman in-
form the House what was the amount of reve-
nue taken from the people during the last
fiscal year?
Mr. HALE. There are other gentlemen
here who can more accurately answer that
question.
Mr. RANDALL. I can answer the ques-
tion myself. The amount so taken from the
people approached $500,000,000. Now, we
arraign you to know what has become of that
money.
Mr. HALE. The gentleman is all wrong :
he knows very well that our revenues are de-
rived from various sources. Can he tell how
much is derived from customs ?
Mr. RANDALL. I do not know the details ;
I would like to tell the gentleman, but I have
not the figures here. But the aggregate rev-
enue of last year was $500,000,000. The gen-
tleman spoke of the increased expenditures
for our households. Sir, the other day we
appropriated for a single public building in
one of our cities more money than it took the
administration of Mr. Adams to carry on the
Government for six months.
Mr. HALE. Did the gentleman and his
associates vote for that bill ?
Mr. RANDALL. I did not. That is what
I call the corruption of the majority in giving
away the public revenue heedlessly and ex-
travagantly, when our revenues are collected
from every industry of the country.
Mr. KELLEY. Where does the gentleman
find that the revenues of last year amounted to
$500,000,000?
Mr. RANDALL. That is what I have seen
currently stated. I am informed that it was
$400,000,000, and I make that correction ;
but what I want to know of gentlemen is, what
have you done with that $400,000,000?
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to state that the real
amount was S384.000,000.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to answer merely one
or two questions put to me by the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Hale,] and I shall not
detain the Committee of the Whole by attempt-
ing now to go into a full answer, if any was
required, of the speech of that gentleman.
He has asked me to enumerate some one
thing m which the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment under his party were greater than they
were under the Democratic party. In the re-
marks I made I referred to and quoted from the
record the difference between the contingent
