1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
U%1
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I withdraw my
amendment.
The question recurred upon the following
amendment offered by Mr. Shanks :
Provided, That no 'person shall reoeire any part
of the money appropriated by this act for any ser-
vices or pretended services as attorney, counselor, or
agent tor any tribe, or Indian, or Indians, for whom
any part of those appropriations are made. Any
person violating this provision shall be deemed
guilty of amisdemeanor, and shall be fined in double
the amount so received.
The question was put; and there were—
ayes 46, noes 24 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Beck, and Mr.
McCormick of Missouri, were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes eighty, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to
introduce at this point in the bill a chapter of
miscellaneous appropriations, and I offer from
the Committee on Appropriations the follow-
ing amendment:
For supplying a deficiency in the fund for tho
relief of siCk and disabled seamen, $100,000.
That is a large sum of money to ask the com-
mittee to appropriate, but I will explain it.
It will be remembered that a great calamity
happened to the fleet of whalers on the North
Pacific ocean a few months ago. The entire
fleet was frozen in, and after lying there for
many months the crews were compelled to
abandon their ships and work their way home
by the aid of our consuls, the Government,
as is usual, returning shipwrecked sailors to
their homes. The amount already audited for
this purpose is a little more than $85,000, and
the following letter from the Secretary of State,
inclosing one from the acting Fifth Auditor of
the Treasury, will explain the reasons for this
appropriation, which I am sure will commend
itself to all the members of the committee:
Department op State,
"Washington", March 2,1872.
Sir: I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy
of a letter addressed to this Department by the act-
ing Fifth Auditor of the Treasury, stating that there
is a deficiency in the amount appropriated " for tho
relief and protection of American seamen in foreign
countries" for the year ending June 30,1872. owing
to the large number of seamen rendered destitute by
the disaster to the whaling fleet in the North Pacific
ocean last autumn. Accounts amounting to $85,000
for relief afforded these seamen have already been
presented, and it is expected that others will be
received, making necessary an appropriation of
$100,000 to cover the deficiency.
The committee are aware that the relief afforded
to destitute American seamen in foreign countries is
authorized and regulated by standing laws, and that
although appropriation's are necessary for the full
amount of such relief, such appropriations are in
some degree nominal, as a considerable proportion
of the expenditure is offset by the extra wages col-
lected by consuls to meot in part this charge. The
amount of extra wages thus collected and returned
to the Treasury by consuls in the year ending June
30,1871, was $30,729 58. The disbursements by con-
suls for tho relief of seam'en in the same y«ar,
including loss by exchange, were $62,312 60.
I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,
HAMILTON FlSb.
Hon. Jas. A. Garfield, Chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations, House of Representat ive*.
Treasury Department,
Bisth Auditor's Office,
"Washington, February 28,1872.
Sib : On account of the large number of seamen
rendered destitute by the disaster to the whaling
floet in the North Pacific ocean during tho autumn
of 1871,1 have the honor to suggest that the sum of
$100,000 may be appropriated for the relief and pro-
tection of American seamen, in addition to the
amount required for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1872. Aceounts amounting to $85,000, for relief
afforded the above seamen, have already been pre-
sented, and others will yet bo received, whieh will
exhaust the remainder of the above-named amount.
Very respectfully,
J. B. MANN, Acting Auditor.
Hon. Hamilton Fish,
Secretary of State, "Washington, D. C.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am instructed
by the Committee on Appropriations, to offer
as a paragraph under the head of ' •' miscella-
neous" the following:
To pay deficiencies in the salaries of the officers,
clerks, and others in the office of the Assistant Ireas^
urer of New York city, for the present fiscal year,
$9,304.
This is a deficiency explained by the follow-
ing letter from the Secretary of the Treasury:
treastlky depabtwbnt,
Washington, d. c., January 23,1872.
Silt: I would respectfully invite your attention to
tho item of appropriation for salaries iti the office
of the Assistant Treasurer at New York, contained
in the legislative, executive, and judicial appro-
priation bill now pending in the House. The amount
therein reported is $138,688, while the amount esti-
mated fts required for the service of the fiscal year
■was $148,942. (See book of estimates 1872-73, page 82.)
This estimate was based upon the actual monthly
expenditure for salaries, no consideration whatever
being given to emergencies which might arise, and
cannot, it is believed, be reduced without detriment
to the business of the office. It will be remembered
that the estimate for this purpose for the present
fiscal year was reduced by nearly the same amount,
and that, in consequence, it became necessary to
submit a deficiency.
I earnestly recommend and hope that this ap-
propriation may bo increased to the amount above
named.
I am, very respectfully,
GEO. B. BOUTWELL, Secretary.
Hon. James A. Garfield, M. C., Chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, House of Representa-
tives,
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now offer the
following amendment :
That the Speaker is hereby authorized to employ
a private clerk at a salary of $1,800 per annum, and
no appointment on the Doorkeeper's rolls shall be
made to take the place of the person hitherto de-
tailed as clerk to the Speaker, and from March 1 to
the close of this fiscal year $600 is hereby appropri-
ated for his salary.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
not press that amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I can explain
it, and the gentleman can reserve the point
of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman
will not insist on it. This is provided for in
a general bill which will certainly pass the
House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will explain
the reason for offering the amendment here.
The Speaker is now by the rules of the House
allowed aclerk, detailed from the Doorkeeper's
force.
The Vice President, the Presiding Officer of
the Senate, is ullowed in terms a private sec-
retary. The Committee on Appropriations
thought it hardly becoming that our Speaker
should not be allowed in similar terms a
secretary as well as the Presiding Officer
of the other branch of Congress. That he
should have a man detailed from the regular
force of the Doorkeeper of the House is hardly
fitting for the office. We thought he should be
permitted to select his own clerk or secretary,
and not be compelled to take one selected by
the Doorkeeper. We simply allow the Speaker
to appoint his own secretary, and then take
one from the force of the Doorkeeper of the
House.
Mr. HOLMAN. The propriety of allowing
a secretary or clerk to the Speaker of this
House is quite manifest. But, inasmuch as
this whole matter of clerks is being provided
for in the bill reported by Ae gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Willard,] and inasmuch as
it is desirable to have all such officers grouped
together, unless there is some pressing neces-
sity for passing this at this time, I hope the
gentleman will not urge his proposition now.
Mr. SARGENT. That bill has not passed
and may not pass.
Mr. HOLMAN. There is no question but
what it will pass, I suppose.
Mr. SARGENT. It is very doubtful.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If that bill shall
pass this provision will do no harm; if it shall
not pass, I am sure the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] would be unwilling to have this
proposition foil because of the failure of that
Mr. HOLMAN. There is no impropriety
in this provision.
Mr. GARFIELD, bf Ohio. It is the espe-
cial desire of the Speaker that if any gentle-
man in this House objects to this proposition
it shall he withdrawn. But I hope there will
be no opposition to it.
The amendment was then adopted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am also in-
structed by the Committee on Appropriations
to move to further amend the bill by inserting
that which I send to tho Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
For the payment of the salary of the secretary of
the Territory of New Mexieo, as superintendent of
public buildings and grounds, for the years ending
June 30,1871, and June 30,1872, $2,008; and so much
of the second section of the act of July 27,1868, as
grants a salary to the secretary of said Territory, as
superintendent of public buildings and grounds, is
hereby repealed, the repeal to take effect at the end
of the current fiscal year.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The effect of
this amendment will be to permanently reduce
the salary of the secretary of the Territory
of New Mexico after the close of the present
fiscal year. The necessity for the amendment
is this: it appears that by the Construction
given to the law the secretary of New Mexico
has been receiving two salaries, one as secre-
tary of the Territory, and one as superintend-
ent of public buildings and grounds. The two
salaries together make the whole amount of
his compensation $8,000 a year. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations were unwilling to
grant so large a salary as this to that officer,
and in making up this deficiency they choose
to append to it the condition that hCs salary
shall hereafter be but $2,000 a year.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am also in-
structed by the Committee on Appropriations
to move the further amendment wnich I send
to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
For putting a new roof on the custom and post
office building at Newport, in the State of Ehode
Island, to bo so erected as to afford a new story, and
for remodeling the interior of said building, and
such other repairs as may be necessary, the sum of
811,241 75.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The official re-
port made to us is that the roof of that building
is in such a condition that the whole contents
of the building are in danger of injury1 unless
the roof is replaced by another. Ana in replac-
ing it, by expending this amount upon it they
can make a Mansard roof, thus giving an ad-
ditional story to the building, which the Com-
mittee on Appropriations recommend to bo
done.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am also in-
structed by the committee to move the further
amendment which I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
certain gaugers employed in the thirty-second dis-
trict of the State of New York, under the lato col-
lector of internal revenue, J. F. Bailey, fees earned
by them during a part of the month of March, 1870,
$704 20.
The amendment was agreed to.
message from tixe senate.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union rose informally, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, a message from the
Senate, by Mr. Sympsox, one of its clerks,
announced that the Senate had passed a bill
of the following title, in whieh the concur-
rence of the House was requested:
An act (S. No. 742) to amend section thirty-
five of an act entitled "An act to reduce inter-
nal taxes, and for other purposes."
deficiency appropriation biix.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union resumed its session.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Commit-
tee on Appropriations have also directed me
to move to amend by inserting the following:
To pay 0. P. Bookwell, late mail contractor in
Utah'.Territory, the balance due him, $1,310 08.
Mr. HOLMAN. I make the point of order
