544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
tana Territory; which wag referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
claim 01 j. k. curtis.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, in relation to the claim
of J. K. Curtis, on account of depredations
by the Cheyenne Indians; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
soldiers' bounties.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in relation to the bounties of
soldiers discharged for disability; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
relief 0e xaval officers.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Navy, iti relation to the joint reso-
lution of the Senate and House of Represent-
atives for the relief of certain officers of the
Navy; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
MISSOURI STATE MILITIA.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, 111 answer to a request of the 16th
instant for a copy of the opinion of the Soli-
citor of the War Department in the year 1864,
respecting the subject, of the bounty to which
the Missouri State militia were entitled by law ;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
salk of indran reservation's.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the-House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, in relation to the disposi-
tion of portions of Indian reservations in the
northern superiritendency ; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
election contest bowex vs. dl! large
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
certain papers in relation to the contested-
election case of Bowen vs. De Large, of the
second congressional district of South Caro-
lina ; which were referred to the Committee
of Elections.
Mr. CONGER. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at three o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, litc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ACKER: The remonstrance of
workers in the Pottsgrovc Iron-Works and of
citizens of Pottstown, Montgomery county,
Pennsylvania, against a change of the existing
tariff laws abating or abolishing duties upon
such articles as are successfully produced in
this country, <fcc.
By Mr. ARTHUR : The petition of Homer
Hudson, Bishop & Brother, H. C. Bruce & Co.,
and numerous others, citizens of Ohio and
Kentucky, for a uniform rate of tax on all
descriptions of manufactured tobacco entering
the market for consumption, at the rate of
sixteen cents per pound.
By Mr. BECK : The memorial of citizens
of Lexi ngton arid other places in the State of
Kentucky, asking Congress to make an appro:
pnation of money to the American Printing-
House, &c., for the Blind. (Presented by J
Maury Headly, the blind bard of Kentucky.)
Also, the memorial of Hon. J. B. McCreery,
Hon. J. S. Chrisman, and a large number of
others, members of the Kentucky Legislature
asking that Congress will- make an^appropria-.-.
tion in aid of the American Printing-House,
&c., for the Blind. (Presented by J. Maury
Headly, the blind bard of Kentucky.)
By Mr. BEVERIDGE: The memorial of
Joseph W. Parish & Co., praying relief.
By Mr. BRAXTON: The petition of Ma-
tilda Barnett and sisters, asking a pension as
the grand-daughters of James Barnett, a revo-
lutionary soldier.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee: The peti-
tion of Elijah Russell, praying a pension.
By Mr. DUELL: The petition of William
A. Sweet, George W. Harwood, and others,
citizens of Syracuse, New York, remonstrating
against a change of the existing tariff laws
abating or abolishing duties upon such articles
as are successfully produced in this country,
and praying the repeal of all duties upon tea,
coffee, and such other articles of necessity or
comfort as cannot be produced in the United
States.
By Mr. FARNS WORTH: The memorial
of Augustus Watson, asking compensation for
inventing envelops.
By Mr. GARRETT: The memorial of Wil-
liam Reeder, Nathan Wheeler, John Hop-
kins, Matilda Young, and 50 others, all of the
State of Tennessee, asking the payment of
certain claims to them, respectively, which were
awarded them by a board of military officers,
of which Colonel H. C. Gilbert, nineteenth
Michigan infantry, was president, appointed by
the officer commanding that department for
the purpose of investigating and reporting upon
such claims against the Government of the
United States.
By Mr. KETCHAM : The petition of the
common council of the city of Hudson, New
York, and a large number of others, citizens
of said city, interested in the navigation of the
Hudson river, praying Congress to authorize
the "erection of a light-house near said city.
By Mr. KILLINGER: The memorial of
numerous iron-workers and others, citizens of
Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, against any
reduction of duties on such articles as are suc-
cessfully produced in this country, and pray-
ing the repeal of all duties on tea, coffee, and
such other articles of necessity or comfort as
cannot be produced in the United States.
Also, the memorial of numerous citizens of
Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, praying that
the internal revenue taxes on the distillation
of whisky may be more equitably arranged
than are now imposed by existing laws.
By Mr. L. MYERS: The petitions of T.
T. Smith, of West Chester, Pennsylvania, and
of Frislimuth Brother & Co., Kretschmar,
Uth & Bucknor, A. R. Fougeray, Woodward
Brother & Co., Stewart, Marks, Ralph & Co.,
and others, of Philadelphia, for a uniform tax
on manufactured tobacco of sixteen cents a
pound.
Also, the petition of Isaac A. Sheppard,
James C. Horn, and 45 others, workers in the
Excelsior Stove and Hollow-Ware Works of
Philadelphia, asking the adjustment of duties
so as to encourage and defend every home
industry.
By Mr. PETERS : The petition of William
Buck, praying compensation for a horse and
other property destroyed in the service of the
United States.
By Mr. SEELEY: The petition of citizens
of New York, praying a pension to certain
soldiers.
_ By Mr. SHOEMAKER: The petition of 129
citizens of Bedford, Pennsylvania, praying the
passage of House bill No. 660, granting bounty
land to certain persons engaged in the mili-
tary and Daval service of the United States
from and after the 4th day of March, 1861.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of Samuel
L. Mather and 76 others, eitizens of Cleveland,
Ohio, against a change of the existing tariff
laws abating or abolishing duties upon such
articles as are successfully produced in this
country, and for the repeal of the duties on
tea and coffee.
By Mr. WELLS: The petition of F. L.
Ridgley, president of the Union Insurance
Company, and 24 others, representatives of
insurance companies of St. Louis, Missouri,
that all hay that may be transported on steam-
boats be baled and securely covered by tar-
paulins.
post route bills introduced.
The following were introduced and referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads:
By Mr. HARPER: A bill to establish post
routes in North Carolina from Old Fort, by
Crooked Creek, Stone Mountain, Bear Wallow,
and Edneyville, to Hendersonville, North
Carolina. Also, from Ashville, by Burnsville,
Bakersville, Boone, and Jefferson, to Sparta,
North Carolina.
IN SENATE.
wednesday, January 24,1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newman,
D. D.
'1 lie Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
house bills reeekred.
The following bills yesterday received from
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred as indi-
cated below:
_ The bill _(H. R. No. 1180) to extend the
time for filing claims for additional bounty,
under the act of July 28, 1866—to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
The bill (H. R. No. 1182) to create an addi-
tional land district in the State of Minnesota—
to the Committee on Public Lands.
The bill (H. R. No.ll85)to remove disabil-
ities from certain citizens of South Carolina,
therein named—to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
The bill (H. R. No. 1187) for the relief of
Jacob R. Davis, of Richmond county, Geor-
gia—to the Committee on Claims.
The bill (H. R. No. 1186) in relation to the
embassy from Japan, was read twice by its
title.
Mr. COLE. That makes an appropriation,
I believe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does. The
bill came from the Committee on Appropria-
tions in the House of Representatives, although
it would seem to be a matter relating to the
business of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. COLE. I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, communicating, in compliance with a res-
olution of the Senate of December 14, 1871,
information in relation to the present condition
of the life-saving stations on the coasts of New
Jersey and Long Island; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
He also presented a letter from the Com-
missioner of Patents, transmitting, in compli-
ance with law, his annual report for the year
ending December 31,1871; which was referred
to the Committee on Patents.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. POMEROY. I have the honor to pre-
sent resolutions of the Legislature of the State
of Kansas, requesting the Senators and mem-
ber of Congress representing that State to use
their influence to secure legislation for the
extinguishment of the Indian title to the strip
of land on the southern border of the State
known as the Cherokee strip. As the bill to
which these resolutions relate passed the Sen-
ate, during  the last Congress, and has passe*}
