492
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 3(1,
Ho. oi' Reps.
Ku Klux Outrages—Mr. Poland.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
on the other side—these men who so loudly
proclaim their honest concern for the interest
of the State, and his wonderment will cease.
Does he inquire whether or not these wild
threats had the effect of accomplishing the
object sought? Let ihe history of our securi-
ties in Wall street; let the hardships encoun-
tered in raising our annual revenue and in
obtaining loans to meet our liabilities; let the
rapid decline of our bonds from a market
value of eighty-five and ninety per cent, to
twenty-five and thirty per cent, answer the
inquiry. Does he ask whether the threat con-
veyed in these words," this majority we shall
have in less than a year," has ever been put
in execution? Let the hundreds of new-made
graves in which lie the bones of the victims
of midnight assassination; let the lacerated
backs of men and women; let the women
whose persons have been violated by the fiend-
ish emissaries of Democratic malice; let the
dark annals of the Ku Klux dens, which have
so foully disgraced the history of Christian
America, as unfolded by the confessions of
many of their misguided tools, and confirmed
by the heart-rending recital of cruelties en-
dured by many of the victims themselves,
furnish the true and conclusive reply.
That it required $9,514,000 in bonds to
raise $3,200,000 in money can certainly be a
surprise to no one who is in any manner
acquainted with the terrible ordeal through
which the Republican administration of South
Carolina has been forced to pass. That the
Legislature of South Carolina could not even
assume to affix a market value to the bonds of
the State can easily be accounted for by the
bold and reckless threats of the Democracy;
by the bitter denunciations hurled at the heads
of the legally constituted officers of the State
through the public press, on the hustings, and
even in the pulpit, by the infatuated advo-
cates of the Democratic party of the South.
The surpliced clergyman, commissioned to
preach the doctrine of the new Evangel—
"peace on earth and good will toward men,"
stained and polluted as a man his surplice as
a priest. Instead of preaching peace he sowe'd
discord.
The political leaders, instead of evincing a
spirit of amity toward their fellow-citizens;
instead of lending their statesmanship and
their influence toward retrieving the shattered
fortunes of the State, advised resistance to
the State government, and threatened open
opposition to the Federal authority. They
fired the hearts of their fanatic followers, and
thus sacrificed the lives of hundreds of in-
offensive citizens to satisfy the demoniac
demands of the blind votaries of a hellish
Democracy.
Had the Democratic party of South Caro-
lina evinced a desire to advance the prosperity
of the State, to maintain her credit in the
financial world, to develop her resources, and
to make her "waste places blossom as the
rose," 1 know that the Republican party, for-
getting all poliiical differences, would cheer-
fully have lent its every effort to the accom-
plishment of such a laudable and beneficent
underrating.
Instead of forming combinations having
for their object the ciippling of the finances
of the State, the driving away of capital from
our bordeis, and the hindering of our com-
mercial advancement, had they listened to the
exhortation of the people with whom I am
identified, the asperities of the past would
have been forgotten, and to-day, the bless-
ings of peace and amity would pervade our
entire State. Instead of arraying one por-
tion of her people against the other ; instead
of countenancing organized murder and out-
rage, had they tendered their influence and
experience, so often solicited, no man would
uiore readily have accepted their counsels and
endeavored to profit therefrom than the Repub-
lican Governor of South Carolina, whom they
now affect to arraign at, the bar of public
opinion as a public plunderer.
The race with whom 1 am identified have
often been forced to stand as a target for the
shafts of Democratic hate and prejudice. The
sufferings and wrongs we have endured on this
continent have been indeed great. The taunts,
insults, and bitter cruelties to which we have
been subjected have ascended even unto the
uppermost heaven. Amid all our sufferings,
degradation, and woes, having an abiding faith
in our Great Creator, we have been content
"to labor and to wait." In behalf of that
people, I do here declare that despite the Pelion
of outrage of the negro-hating Democracy of
the South piled upon the Ossa of the chronicpre-
judices of their allies of the North, relying still
upon divine Providence, we shall have confi-
dence in the true American heart, and having
no interests not in common with those of our
white fellow-citizens, we hope to perform well
our part in increasing the material wealth of
our country, in developing her vast resources,
in adding to her prowess, and in making her
in all respects the grandest and purest as well
as the most powerful Government upon all
earth.
We trust the time is not far distant when all
our fellow-citizens—whether they be native-
born or whether they first drew thejireath of
life on the banks of the Shannon or of the
Rhine; whether they sprang from the Orient
or the Occident—no longer swayed by unjust
prejudices,"no longer controlled by the teach-
ings of a false political faith, shall be touched
with the inspiration of a holier sentiment and
shall recognize the "universal fatherhood of
God and brotherhood of man."
To hasten that period we shall contribute
whatever of energy, brain, and muscle we,
may possess, and asking only what is just and
fair, performing only what is right, we shall
ever cherish the genius of our American insti-
tutions, and pour upon them with a lavish
hand the rich libations of a more than Roman
devotion.
Mr. Speaker, having submitted these facts in
vindication of my Commonwealth, and of the
people of my own identity, I ask for them the
calm deliberation of this House, and believ-
ing them to be true, in the name of that peo-
ple and of my Commonwealth I invoke the
just judgment of the civilized world.
Ku Klux Outrages.
SPEECH OF HON. LUKE P. POLAND,
of vermont,
In the House op Representavives,
May 30, 1872.
The House having met for debate as in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union—
Mr, POLAND said:
Mr. Speaker: I am greatly obliged to my
colleague on the committee [Mr. Stevensox]
for allowing me the remaining ten minutes of
his hour, and to the House for the extension
of it to a half hour. I had not the slightest
intention of addressing the House on this sub-
ject till my colleague kindly proposed to yield
me a portion of his time. I speak, therefore,
without the slightest preparation, and of course
can only express my general ideas on the sub-
ject, and any allusion to the evidence taken in
such immense quantity by the committee will
be from general recollection merely, for I
have not had time to examine it since it was
printed.
I came into Congress, Mr. Speaker, at the
first session after the close of the war. The
war was over, and the rebel armies were dis-
banded. The South was prostrate before the
conquering North and West, who had upheld
and maintained the integrity of the Union,
and poured out their treasure and their blood
like water for that purpose. The problem was
how to restore the southern States to their
proper place in the Union, and how to allay
the hate and bitterness growing out of the long
and bloody conflict, so that we might again
Jive together as a harmonious, national family.
1 then felt, and have ever since felt, not only
the importance, but the wisdom of dealing
magnanimously and leniently with the people
of the South, and that at least nothing which
was justly due them should be withheld. i
did not look upon the great mass of the people
of the South, as many of our people at the
North did, as criminals in intent and heart.
The doctrine of State rights in the South
had degenerated into that terrible heresy that
the primary and principal allegiance of the
citizen was due to his State, and ihat he owed
no personal allegiance to the nation as his
sovereign; that,the State only held relations
with the Federal Union, and that when the
State chose to sever those relations the consti-
tutional oath and duty of every citizen required
that he should go with his State. This had
become the accepted theory in the South as
the true philosophy of the Government; it per-
meated all classes and conditions of men. For
the ambitious and wicked leaders of the rebel-
lion, who knew how baseless were all their
alleged complaints against any action of the
Federal Government, wbo knew they were on
false pretenses inciting these people to revolt
against the best Government the world ever
saw, who kuew, or ought to have known the
untold miseries and calamities they were bring-
ing on their people—for these wicked men I
felt no sympathy or compassion. The great
mistake iu our whole policy of reconstruction,
as I have always thought and said, was that
these men, or some of the most prominent and
influential of them, were not brought to speedy
trial and punishment and made to suffer an
they deserved, the traitor's doom. Had this
been done at the close of the war the whole
work of reconstruction would have been ren-
dered comparatively easy and speedy.
But as to the mass of the southern people
my feelings were entirely different. I regarded
them as the victims of political heresy and of
ambitious and wicked political leaders. I will
say here, Mr. Speaker, what I have never
feared to declare among my own people at
home, that I believe the great mass of those
who fought in the armies of the South, fought
as honestly and conscientiously as did those
who fought in theariniesof the Union. Enter-
taining these views, I believed it the policy of
true statesmanship to deal generously and lib-
erally with the southern people, to restore, if
possible, a love of the Union and for the na-
tional Government, and to detach them from
their former errors and leaders. The mad
folly of some of the southern people, and espe-
cially of the southern press, which was to a
great extent controlled by the old rebel lead-
ers, prevented general acquiescence in these
Views and greatly retarded the restoration of
amicable relations between the two sections
of the country. For a considerable time, I
have favored granting amnesty to all the peo-
ple of the South except the leaders in the
rebellion, and at last I have had the satis-
faction of seeing that accomplished by the
general concurrence of members of my own
political party.
During the war the property of many Union
men was taken for the purpose of supplying
the wants of the Army for which they had
never received compensation. The constitu-
tional duty to make payment, was strengthened
by the fact that they adhered to the Union
under circumstances of great peril, and the
injustice of not paying them was enhanced by
