8232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
there is the fuel with which we boil the salt;
is not that labor, and ought not that to be pro-
tected? That, Mr. Chairman, sounds very
plausible, but if the House will be so kind as
to listen to me for one moment while I read
from the report on the salt industry of Michi-
gan, a report published by the friends of the
gentlemen in his own State and written in
the interest of protection, gentlemen will see
who make fair statements and who do not.
After reviewing the whole industry of Michi-
gan, the report says:
" The facts exhibited in this report give a fair op-
portunity for considering a manufacturing industry
as affected by the conditions growing out of the
wages of American labor as compared with those
of Canada. For this is the only essential difference
between the two sides of the lake. It may be ad-
mitted that the Canada brine is more abundant and
easily manipulated than that of Saginaw, and also
that in relation to the supply of the upper lakes the
commercial position of Goderich is superior."
Now mark these words. The report adds:
"These advantages, however, are more than made
up by the greater cheapness of fuel and barrels at
Saginaw. The only question of importance is the
labor question, and upon tho decision oi that rests
the fixing ot the point where the manufacture of salt
which is to supply the Northwest for the future, in
great part or the whole, is to be."
Now, Mr. Chairmati, we have it upon tjie
authority of this report, from the State of
Michigan itself, lhat fuel and barrels are
cheaper at Saginaw than at Goderich. And
yet the gentleman does not hesitate to come
here and claim protection upon those barrels
and upon that fuel. Is that the fairness of
protection arguments? Why, sif, the gentle-
man should mm his virtuous indignation upon
himself, instead of turning it, upon mo.
Mr. CONG&H. They use the waste steam
and the refuse for heating purposes.
Mr. FINKELNBUUG. Kxactly so. But
that is what the gentleman did not ulate.
Now, instead of the gentleman from Mich-
igan [Mr. Blaiu] having convicted me of
an unfair .statement, 1 say that 1 have fairly
convicted him of having tried to mislead Lhis
Mouse and obtain protection upon false pre-
tense ; but 1 am glad he afforded me the
opportunity of showing, in support of the
argument i made a lew days ago, that this
system of double protection on materials,
labor, &c., is a perversion of a true system of
protection as it was intended by the founders
of that system. Though I differ from those
gentlemen in regard to the merits of protec-
tion itself, yet 1 think I may say that if we
must have it, let us have it legitimately
applied.
Mr. HAY. Mr. Chairman, I am in favor
of a very considerable reduction of our present
unnecessarily burdensome taxes. 1 am will-
ing to go as far as the farthest upon this floor
for thai purpose. I shall vote for all reduc-
tions contained in this bill of the present high
protective duties. But with reference to the
question now under debate, 1 have this to say :
the bill as it now stands affords protection to
the article of salt to the extent of ninety-six
and a halt per cent, on an average, in sup-
port of this, I call attention to the following
figures, showing what a duty of eight cents per
one hundred pounds, as provided in the bill,
on bulk salt, amounts to:
„ t _ . Percentage.
Cost of salt:
In Liverpool, oifht cents per ono hundred
pounds, duty eight cents  100
In lurk's island, ten per cent, per one hun-
drcd P< uuds, duty eight cents  80
In bt. Martin's, eleven cents per one hundred
pounds, duty ught cents  73
In bictly, six cents per one hundred pouuds,
duty eight cenis  133
Average duty at eight cents per one hundred
pounds 
Indeed, I believe that salt should be made
free. As was stated by the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Hale,] three fourths of this body
no longer ago than last spring voted to put
salt on the free list. _And the proposition
foiled in the other branch of Congress, I believe,
by only one or two votes. Sir, the legislation
now upon our statute-books shows that salt
ought to have no other place in our tariff than
on the free list. We have a law to-day which
provides that all salt used in New England for
the purpose of curing fish shall be exempted
from the payment of this duty. I ask any
New England gentleman upon this floor why
that special legislation in favor of the fishing
interest sh'ould he continued; why that in-
terest should have any special privilege ? I
understand that your law is defective, and yet
that is the law.
Mr. HALE. Allow me to correct a state-
ment, for I know the gentleman would not
intentionally make a misstatement? It may
be the general impression that salt used in
fishing is admitted free; but that is not the
case. The exemption from duty is confined
to salt used for curing fish upon vessels, not
to salt used outside ot vessels.
Mr. HAY. That is not new to me ; that
is merely a defect in the law. Probably be-
fore we get through this discussion we will
have a voice raised here from Massachusetts
asking that that law shall be changed, because
it is defective. Why should there be a law
passed to advance one interest, one industry
of tho country alone? Why should not the
other great industries of tbe country which
largely consume this commodity of salt have
the same benefit? Indeed, why should not
the whole country have it? Are the great pork
and beef-packing interests of the West inferior
to the fishing interests of New England? Not
at all. The very fact that we have such a law
upon our statute-books shows that this great
necessary of life should be upon the free list.
This Onondaga company, as was stated
throughout the whole country, and as was
uncontradicted anywhere, sent out their cir-
culars all along the route ot the Grand Trunk
railroad in Canada, proposing to sell their salt
for less than half the price they charged their
own fellow citizens in Syracuse, New York.
They to-day furnish New England men with
salt to the exclusion of foreign importers in
the country. Indeed, I do not know of a single
argument which can be urged in favor of the
amendment of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Duku,.] Tina great corporation has
grown richer in a shorter lime than any other
having an equal amount, of capital invested in
the country in any enterprise or business.
The truth about the matter is that this
article of salt would not to-day have a place
upon the tarill'if it were not that those who
are interested in its manufacture, and who are
trying to extend this protective system all over
the country, have linked it with iron and steel
and lumber and thousands of other articles
which are included in the tariff, in order to
form a combination to succeed with this sys-
tem of bounties. No more fair, no more can-
did statement of the fact that these high tariff
duties are nothing but bounties was ever made
than that made by the member from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Crocker] yesterday in advocat-
ing the retention of a high duty on coal.
[Heie the hammer fell.]
Sir. BIGGS. Mr. Chairman, I propose to
submit a few remarks against the amendment
offered by the gentleman from the State of Mich-
igan, [Mr. Conger. ] It seems to me strange that
an article of such prime necessity as that of salt
should have any tax whatever imposed upon
it. What is salt? It is something which
enters into the food of every man, something
which enters into the consumption of the
family of every man, poor or rich. Salt is
life itself; and yet, as was shown by the gen-
tlemen from Maine, [Mr. Hale,] the duty
now imposed upon it amounts to nearly two
hundred per cent.; that is, eighteen cents
in bulk, and twenty-four cents per hundred
pounds in bags, or from one hundred to three
hundred and fifty per cent., according to
quality.
Now, sir, let us read a statement of a few
importations into the United States showing
the cost of the cargo and the amount of duty •
Cost. Amount
0/ duty.
Cargo from Liverpool $1,637 $3,291
Cargo from Bonaire  64Z l.goo
Cargo from Trapani  1,908 6.865
Now, I would like to ask any intelligent
gentleman in this House why a duty amount-
ing to nearly three times the oiiginal cost of
the article should be paid by the people of
the country? And paid for whose benefit?
For the benefit of one or two salt-manufac-
turing establishments in the United Stales.
It is estimated that we in this country
consume about forty million bushels of salt
annually. Putting the tax on an average of
twenty five cents per bushel, the aggregate
sum taken from the people amounts to near
ten million dollars a year, and the Govern-
ment receives only about one million and a
quarter. The balance is collected from the peo-
ple, and goes into the pockets of salt-makers.
Let me read a short extract from a western
paper to show the enormous profits of the
Onondaga company in New York:
"The Onondaga (New York) Salt Company has
been dissolved, but whether lor eifect or for real
causes is not known. The history ot this company
is remarkable. The State of New York owns the
bnno, and salt, and pumps, and delivers the water,
receiving therefor a tax of one oent per bushel. Pre-
vious to 1861 the wells were leased and operated by a
number ot individuals. In thi't year these various
persons united, each putting m his lease, at a high
valuation, as so much capital. The aggregate val-
uation ui.ide by the owners of these leases was
$160,000. This company soon absorbed all the works
at Syracuse, and in 18ti8, the officers, boing put upon
oath, acknowledged that the aggregate oi their prof-
its in the first five years was $5,858,000, on a nominal
capital of 4160,000."
Sir, are we here to protect a few salt manu-
facturers? We are here to legislate for the
people, the great mass of the people of this
country. Let them have free salt aa well as
free coffee and free tea. Why, sir, the freights
on salt are from fifteen to twenty cents per
bushel. Is that not sufficient protection?
That amounts to over one hundred pel oent.
on the cost of the salt, which, added to the
tariff duty, makes it as much more.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES obtained the floor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will my
colleague vield to me for a moment?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to move that the committee rise for the pur-
pose of extending for a short time the limita-
tion of debate. 1 wish to offer an important
amendment to the law, in regard to which a
mistake has been made which it is necessary
to explain.
Mr. BINGHAM. Let time be taken now
by unanimous consent.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Unless
unanimous consent be given to my occupying
five minutes, I move that the committee rise.
Mr. DAWES. I do not seek to force a
vote upon any question ; but I desire to hasten
along with this bill as much as possible. It is
not in order to extend tbe time until after the
expiration of the time already allowed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to occupy five minutes for
the purpose of explaining the motion I desire
to make.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of the
Whole cannot enlarge even by unanimous
consent the time to which the House has lim-
ited the debate on this subject.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move,
then, that the committee rise for the purpose
I have stated.
Mr. DAWES. I understand that by the
rules the time cannot be extended till the
expiration of the half hour already fixed as
the limit of debate on this subject.
Mr. BUTLER; of Massachusetts. Very
well; I will defer my motion.
