4128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
suitable in all respects than Port Leaven-
worth ?
In speaking of the advantages of this point
I ought not to omit to say that within a few
weeks there has been completed at Fort Leav-
enworth one of the most costly and magnifi-
cent railroad bridges across the Missouri river
that has yet been projected for that stream,
which will enable the trains Of eastern roads
loaded with goods to deliver their freight at
the very doors of the Government warehouses'
on the reservation.
Before concluding, I desire to have the Sec-
retary read the official recommendations on
this subject of General Pope, General Sher-
man, and the Secretary of War. They are
brief.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
War Dkpaktmbnt, February 10,1871.
The Secretary of War has tho honor to submit to
the Senate of the United States, in obedience to the
resolution of February 9,1871, the report of Briga-
dier General Pope, United States Army, in favor of
the enlargement of the military post and depot of
Fort Leavenworth, and recommending an appropri-
ation ot StSSO.OOO for that purpose.
WILLIAM W. BELKNAP,
Secretary of War.
Headquarters Department Missouri,
Fort Leavbnwokth, Kansas, January 2, 1871.
General: I have the honor to submit the follow-
ing remarks and'recommendations concerning the
military reservation of Fort Leavenworth, and to
ask that they be submitted tq the Secretary of \^ar,
with such remarks from'yourself as you may think
appropriate. If approved by the Secretary of War,
I respeetlully ask that they be laid before the Mili-
tary Committees of Congress, with the recommend-
ation of the War Department that legislation be
had accordingly.
Remarks.
The military reservation of Fort Leavenworth
consists of six thousand eight hundred and forty
acres of good arable land, well watered, and admir-
ably suited to every militaty purpose. It lies on
the Missouri river, at a point to which the river is
always navigable unless obstructed by ice. It is
connected by railroad with all points east, west, and
south as far lis the Indian country west of the State
of Arkansas. In this last region railroads are being
rapidly pushed through the entire Indian country,
west of the llio Grande arid south to ttie Texas line.
It lies in the best settled and'most fertile'portion
of Kansas, where all supplies can be as cheaply, and
many more cheaply, b9ught than at any other point
in this whole region. Its natural situation, as well
as its connection by rail with 'all the vast region
lying west and south in which military operations
are conducted, and which for years to come will
need military protection, r'ender'it altogether the
best and most suitable point in all this country as
the headquarters of the military forces, and the
depot for all military supplies.
The cavalry forces, which are required to protect
the long lines of rail and wagon road leading west
and south trom the Missouri river, and the exposed
settlements in Kansas, Colorado, and New Mexico,
are only needed for active service during the sum-
mer months, (say from May 1 to November 10.)
During this season, alone are the Indians able to
carry ou hostile operations in any part of this great
region, and, except for thfe protection of prominent
points, the cavalry alone is efficient against them.
The expense of keeping up cavalry, very consider-
able under any circumstances, is increased in geo-
metrical ratio with its distance from forage-pro-
ducing districts.
Keeping cavalry at remote posts on the plains
during the winteris a very groat, and, under exist-
ing circumstances, an unnecessary expense.
In the summer only they are needed in these
remote places, and during that season they can be
almost wholly subsisted on the prairie grass. For
economy's sake and for other sufficient reasons it
is very desirable, when the season for field opera-
tions closes, to bring in .the cavalry to points where
it can be most cheaply subsisted and brought into
condition for active and eflicient use at the least
expense. Fort Leavenworth better fulfills these .
conditions than any other point that could now be I
chosen, and, being already the property of the Gov-
ernment, it would seem that good policy should
prompt the immediate adaptation of its extraor-
dinary advantages to these purposes.
Recommendations.
Fort Leavenworth was built originally for a cav-
alry pObt. It contains baracks and quarters for ten
companies. The barracks for lour companies are
now used {though badly fitted for the purpose) for
tho officers of department headquarters, and the
officers'quarters for the officers of the department
stafi and the depot.
Appropriation should be made for constructing
suitable buildings for department officers and quar-
ters for officers belonging to the department staff
elsewhere on the reservation.
The depot buildings should be enlarged and con-
venience of storage of public supplies increased.
Jiy these means the entire post could be given up
to the cavalry. During the summer one building
for barracks for two companies should be put up, so
that the post would hold twelve companies of cav-
alry. The quarters fpr officers for that number of
companies are already built.
I therefore ask that the Secretary of War recom-
mend a special appropriation for these purposes of
$350,000, to be expended under his direction, and in
accordance with plans approved by him , (
It is my well-considered opinion, as I know it to
be that of the General-in-Chief of the Army, Gen-
eral Sheridan, and every officer pf rank who has
ever served here, that every interest of the Govern-
ment in its military service would be promoted by
such legislation as is here recommended.'
In thisconneetionlinvite attention to the remarks
and recommendations contained in my annual re-
port, dated October 31,1870, under the head of "Fort
Leavenworth," to the nature of the services of the
cavalry in this department, as set forth therein, and
to the want of suitable quarters and stablingfor that
arm of the servlcc at the posts on tho plains flaring
the winter season, as well as to the largely increased
expense of maintaining it at those posts as compared
with Fort Leavenworth.
I am, General, respectfully, your obedien t servant,
JOHN POPE,
Brevet Major General Commanding.
General Wm. T. Sherman, O'eneral-iu.-Chief of Uni-
ted States Army, Washington, D. C.
[Indorsement.].
Headquarters of the Aumy,
Washington, D. C., January 7,1871.
Respeetfttlly forwarded to the Secretary of War,
approved and recommended.
Fort Leavenworth is the most valuable military
reservation in the West. It will always be the most
appropriate depot ahd headquarters of a depart-
ment, and should have barracks for a battalion of
infantry, regiment of cavalry, and suitable buildings
for headquarters.' These in part'already exist, and
the appropriation herein asked for is deemed ample
to begin and complete thewhoJe. In my judgment,
it is better to ask this appropriation "special,"
rather than to undertake the work by driblets out
of the annual appropriation for the maintenance of
the Army. Though the amount asked for may seem
large, it is, in fact, small as compared to the sums
expended on our sea-coast forts, which are not half
as important for the immediate uses of the Army.
W. T. SHERMAN, General.
War Department, February, 28, 1871.
The Secretary of War has the honor to report to
the Senate of the United States, in answer to the
resolution of February 27,1871, that certain recom-
mendations of the commander of the Department
of the Missouri, for the enlargement of the military
depot at Fort Leavenworth, have already been sub-
fitted to the Senate in answer to its resolution-of
ebruary 9,1871, and it remains only for the Secre-
tary of War to state that the military interests of
the United States could not fail to be greatly pro-
moted, and the military expenditures in future
greatly economized, by the proposed enlargement
and improvement Of the military establishment at
Fort Leavenworth; and for those reasons, concur-
ring with the department commander and the Gen-
eral of the Army, a grant of the necessary appro-
priation is strongly recommended.
WM, W. BELKNAP, Secretary of War.'
Mr. CALDWELL. Senators will notice
that the documents I have sent up to the desk
include a statement from' General Pope in
regard to the advantages of Port Leavenworth
as a military depot. That statement is in-
dorsed by General Sherman, who strongly rec-
6mmends that this appropriation be made for
Fort Leavenworth. The proposition is also
indorsed by the Secretary of War, as will he
seen by referring to those reports.
I have only to say, in conclusion, Mr. Pres-
ident, that the proposition to enlare this depot
has had the indorsement of General Schofield,
General Sheridan, and every military com-
mander who has been stationed at Fort Leav-
enworth during the last five or ten years. I
cannot conceive of any stronger indorsements
that we could bring here than these. If we
cannot take the opinion of the General of
the Army, of the Secretary of War, and of
the generals in command whose business it
is to look into the military matters of this
country, and whose characters -are such as to
give their statements entire reliability and
credit, I do not know to whom we can look
for information.
I am satisfied of the importance of this
measure. I know very well that if Senators
on this floor were as familiar with the loca-
tion of Fort Leavenworth and its advantages
as a military depot as I am, they would not
hesitate to stand by this amendment. There
are some Senators here who have been there.
The Senator from Maine [Mr. Morrill] was
one of those who visited the reservation last
summer, and I regret very much that he is
not in the Senate now' to corroborate what I
say as to its importance and the necessity of
this appropriation.
It has been objected that Fort Leavenworth
is no longer upon the frontier. But do Sena-
tors understand that when they go three hun-
dred miles west of Fort Leavenworth they get-
beyond the grain-growing country, that they
even get beyond the grass country? You get
into what is called the buffalo region, where
you cannot cut grass enough for the animals.
The only grass that grows there is the short
bnffalo-grass. You cannot raise grain of any
kind. Therefore you cannot put your forts
west of Fort Leavenworth without being sub-
jected to enormous expense in transporting
to those points on the plains subsistence for
the animals during the winter, while at Leaven-
worth you have all the advantages of cheap
markets.
I will not detain the Senate longer. I regret
that I have .had to do so so long, but I feel the
importance of this' amendment, and I hope the
Senate will adhere to it.
Mr. MORRILL,' of Vermont. I have no
doubt of the beauty of Fort Leavenworth. I
have no doiibt of the desire of the -officers of
the Army to remain there in preference to
doing duty ontiipon the plains where they may
be needed. I have.no doubt that it would be
very pleasant indeed to the Senator from Kan-
sas to have $200,000 expended at Fort Leaven-
worth. It would make it perhaps a more beau-
tiful place, and I have no doubt'that it would
be promotive of the morals of the Arm}? to
remain there. But it is very possible that they
maybe needed for sOme other purpose; and I
merely rose to more that the Senate recede
from its disagreement with the House. Surely,
however strong the argument maybe in behalf
of this appropriation, we cannot afford to lose
the Army bill for such an item as this.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not desire, and
cannot at this time, occupy the time of the
Senate. I only'want to second what my col-
league has so well said, and reply in a word to
what the Senator'from Vermont has said. He
tells us that these recommendations come
from Artay officers who enjoy themselves at
Fort Leavenworth. I think that is a reflec-
tion upon the Army officers, who have volun-
tarily year by' year sent up these recommenda-
tions, Which is not deserved or merited. In
discharging public duties in all the depart-
tnents'of' .the Government we take the recom-
mendations of the several departments that
have to administer upon these trusts. From
the Navy Department we take the recom-
tnendations of'officers of the" Navy; from the
Interior, the recommendations of officers of the
Interior Department; in regard to our foreign
relations, the recommendations of the Depart-
ment' of State and the'President. Now, why
is it that we are not to take'the recommenda-
tions of the War'Department?
it is not simply the officers stationed there
who have recommended this year by year.
The first recommendation that attracted my
attention was made by General Schofield
when he was Secretary of War, Voluntarily
so far as I know. I look upon this with no
mere local eye or local interest. It has been
recommended for the good of the Army and
for the_public service, and it is on that ground
that this recommendation and this appropria-
tion can be sustained. I said that General
Schofield first recommended it; and then it
hag been followed up by every Secretary of
War since, as well as by the general in com-
mand at the post. Tbey look upon it as a
pecuniary advantage to the Government,
they base their recommendation upon the
economy of the service, because that is the
best grain market of this country. Thousands
ot bushels of corn art; sold there at twenty and
twenty-five cents a bashel, and it cannot be
purchased for the Army at that price at any
