1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
545
also at this Congress, and is now pending in
the House of Representatives, I move that
these resolutions be printed and laid on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE presented the petition of William
H. Mead in behalf of his wife, who is the
daughter and heir, and also for the coheirs
of James Mitchell, deceased, .praying indem-
nification for spoliations committed by the
French prior to the year 1801; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the petition of a
large number of soldiers and sailors of the
State of Ohio, praying the enactment of a law
for the equalization of soldiers' bounties; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
He also presented a petition in behalf of the
Cleveland boiler-plate mill and Ohio bridge-
works, of Cleveland, Ohio, praying the repeal
of all duties upon tea, coffee, and such other
articles of necessity and comfort as can be
produced in the United States ; and also pray-
ing the encouragement of home industry and
the interests of the American laborer; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented two petitions of
officers and soldiers of Vermont regiments,
praying for an amendment to the bounty and
homestead laws so as to allow them to have
patents to lands without settlement; which
were referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. SCOTT presented a memorial of work-
ers in the Kensington iron works, and citi-
zens of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, remonstrat-
ing against any change in the existing tariff
laws abating or abolishing duties upon such
articles as are successfully produced in this
country; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of workers in
the Saucon iron-works, and citizens of Lower
Saucon township, Northampton county, Penn-
sylvania, remonstrating against any change in
the existing tariff laws abating or abolishing
duties upon such articles as are successfully
produced in this country ; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Perry county, Pennsylvania, remonstrating
against any change in the existing tariff laws
which may abate or abolish the duties upon
articles successfuiiy produced in the United
States ; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of workers
in Wood, Son & Co.'s rolling-mill and fur-
naces, and citizens of Wheatland, Meroer coun-
ty, Pennsylvania, remonstrating against any
change in the existing tariff which may abate
or abolish the duties upon articles successfully
produced in the United States; which w«3
referred to the Committee on Finance,
Mr. STOCK-TON. I present the petition
of Sarah S. Stafford, praying for relief. _ 1
desire to say that there are reasons which I will
give in a single moment why the committee
should examine this case promptly. Sarah S.
Stafford is the only surviving daughter—she
is now over seventy years of age—of Mr. James
Bayard Stafford, who was on board the Bon
Homme Richard in the fight she fought under
Commodore John Paul Jones with the Eng-
lish frigate Senvpis. He was the man who
nailed the flag to the mast. The case of this
lady, now over seventy years of age, has been
several times before Congress, and the com-
mittee reported a bill for her relief in 1860.
A few days ago she came to Washington to
try and get Congress to look at it again ; and
yesterday morning while here she received a
letter stating that in the recent robbery of the
Trenton bank the burglars had taken her box
with every dollar she had in the world in it.
That is no reason to ask Congress for relief;
but it is a reason why the committee should
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 35.
examine the case with care and speed. I move
the reference of the petition to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. OSBORN presented a petition of citi-
zens of St. Augustine, Florida, asking that
an appropriation be made to repair Fort
Marion, and restore it to its former condition
as when the territory was ceded by Spain to
the United States; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition from the
students of the Lincoln University of Penn-
sylvania, praying the passage of the supple-
mentary civil rights bill; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
He also presented two petitions of citizens
of Williamsport, Pennsylvania, praying the
speedy passage of the bill known as the
supplementary civil rights bill; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CONKLING presented the petition of
John Wofield, a citizen of New York, asking
arrearages of pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CONKLING. I present also a petition
signed by citizens of New York, setting forth
the inadequacy, in their opinion, of the salary
of the President of the United States, and
praying that it may be made commensurate
with the purpose for which it was designed.
Being somewhat at a loss to know to what
committee this should go, I suggest its refer-
ence to the Committee on Privileges and
Elections.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Or the Commit-
tee on the Revision of the Laws of the United
States.
Mr. CONKLING. I think it had better go
to the Committee on Privileges and Elections.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so
referred if no other committee be named.
Mr. LOGAN presented the petition of Wil-
liam J. Morris, praying the enactment of a
special act of Congress granting him_ a pen-
sion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
He also presented a letter from officers of
the custom-house of Savannah, Georgia, pray-
ing for an increase of salary; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
William Robinson, of Virginia, praying pay-
ment for provisions furnished the Army in the
year 1865 : which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petition of Bal-
lard S. Humphrey, praying restoration to his
late rank in the United States Army: which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
reports of committees.
Mr. CORBETT. I am directed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to report back a
communication from the Secretary of the
Intf, lor, relative to a resolution passed by the
Sen te February 18, 1871, calling for a report
of l-.e claims of the State of Florida, or the
citi/. ns thereof, now on tile and unadjusted in
the Department, in which he communicates
the fact that there is nothing in the Depart-
ment relative to these claims. I ask that the
committee be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the communication.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT, from the same committee,
to whom was referred the petition of H. B.
Deumati, late superintendent of Indian affairs
for the northern superintendence', praying the
passage of an act relieving him from the pay-
ment of certain moneys stolen from him at
Omaha, Nebraska, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Ciaiws; which
was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON, from the Committee on
the District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 298) directing the conveyance
of certain lots of grounds, with the improve-
ments thereon, for the use of the public schools
of the city of Washington, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 299) amending,
an act entitled "An act directing the convey-
ance of a lot of ground for the use of the pub-
lic schools of the city of Washington, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 446) to amend an act entitled "An act to
protect and establish national cemeteries,"
approved February 22, 1867, reported it with
an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 339) for the relief
of James Belger, reported adversely thereon,
and moved its indefinite postponement; which
was agreed to.
ann m'carthy.
Mr. WILSON. I am also directed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 265) to authorize the payment of
bounty to Ann McCarthy, to report it without
amendment, and, if there be no objection, I
ask that it be put on its passage.
There being no objection, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It authorizes and directs the
Second Auditor of the Treasury to issue a
certificate for a bounty of $100, payable to
Ann McCarthy, of Boston. Massachusetts,
in lieu of Treasury certificate No. 309159,
payable to John McCarthy, father of Ann
McCarthy, upon the surrender of the Treasury
certificate named.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
duplicate checks.
Mr. SHERMAN. I reported a bill yester-
day to authorize the payment of duplicate
checks of disbursing officers. I am now di-
rected by the Committee on Finance to report
a substitute for the second section of the bill
reported yesterday, to meet some objections
made to it. I do not understand the Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Edmtjxds] as objecting
to the passage of the bill now, and as I am
urged by officers of the Treasury Department,
I again ask that the bill be considered.
There being no objection, the Senate, as_in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 10G1) to author-
ize the payment of duplicate checks of dis-
bursing officers.
The amendment now proposed was to strike
out the second section of the bill, and in lieu
thereof to insert:
Sec. 2. In cast; the disbursing officers agent by
whom such lost, destroyed, or stolen original cheek
was issued, be dead, or no longer in tne service of
the United States, it shall be the duty of the proper
accounting officers, under such regulations as the
Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe, tostatoan
account in favor of the owner of such, original check
for the amount thereof, and lo charge such amount
to the account of such officer or agent.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill was ordered to be read the third
time. The bill was read the third time, and
T. J. JOBB.
Mr. ROBERTSON. The select. Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities have
instructed me to report a bill (S. No. 524)
to correct a clerical error committed in the
enrollment of an act approved March 7, 1870,
entitled "An act to relieve certain persons
therein named from the legal and political
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
