1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
49S
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Ku Klux Outrages—Mr. Poland.
Ho. 01? Reps.
the taunts of their rebel neighbors of the in-
gratitude and injustice of the Government to
which they had ciung at the peril of their lives.
I have been one of those who have constantly
and persistently advocated the passage of some
law by which justice could* be done in this class
of cases. Many of my political associates
feared that any law which would enable pay-
ment to be made in these cases would open
a door by which unjust claims and claims of
disloyal men would also come in and get paid
from the Treasury. This feeling for a long
time prevented any action, but this also has at
last been accomplished, and a tribunal for the
adjustment of such claims been established.
I trust and believe that it will not be found
beset with such danger or loss to the Gover
nmentas has been predicted.
I have alluded to these things, Mr. Speaker,
for the purpose of showing that I have been
actuated by no feeling of hostility to the peo-
ple of the .South—that I have ever desired not
only to deal justly, but generously and mag-
nanimously by tbem. And that when I was
placed at the head of this committee on the
part of the House, there was no feeling or de-
sire on my part to do anything or to report
anything in relation to the condition of affairs
in the South not absolutely required by truth
and fairness, or in any way do them injustice.
And I think I may safely aopeal to gentlemen
of the other side, aud to all the people of the
South who have taken any pains to watch my
course in Congress, for the entire truth of my
assertions in this behalf. Now, sir, 1 have no
time, and there is no occasion to go back and
talk about the causes and origin of the war,
how it came about, or how it was put down.
Everybody understood then; everybody under-
stands now that the war grew out of slavery;
and all now know that the war resulted in the
abolition of slavery, and that the colored peo-
ple who had been slaves and property became
free men and women.
When the southern States were setup as State
governments by President John son, and they be-
gan to legislate for themselves,although in terms
" they acknowledged that slavery no longer exist-
ed and the negroes were free, still they were very
far from acknowledging that they possessed or
were entitled to any kind of equality, even of
civil rights with the whites. Laws were passed
in many if not all the late rebel States whereby
the negroes were hampered and shackled in
every possible way. In the ownership of land,
in the making of contracts, and a thousand
ways, they were forbidden the free exercise of
all those rights which are supposed to belong
to all free men in all free Governments. Their
old state of slavery was far preferable to such
freedom as they enjoyed. Congress attempted
to meet and overthrow these unjust discrim-
inations made by State laws by the passage of
the civil rights bill ; but remedy by action or
prosecutions in courts was found utterly insuffi-
cient against their more intelligent and pow-
erful oppressors, and the colored people were
likely to continue '' hewers of wood aud draw-
ers of water" to their old owners and task-
masters. Up to this time the Republican party
had no idea or purpose of bestowing the ballot
upon the freedmen, at least not until after a
long probation and training, and by slow and
gradual steps.
Such was the theory and purpose of the
fourteenth amendment, which at the time was
supposed to be the finality of amendment.
But the hostility of the white to the colored
race, and their determination to continue them
in a condition of serfdom, convinced the Re-
publican party that the only way the race could
maintain the freedom which had been granted
them was by investing them with the power
of the ballot. That there were very serious
objections to this nobody denied. That a
yery large proportion of them were too de-
graded and ignorant to be able to make the
best use of this right all had to confess. But
it was seen that it was intended they should
never be in a better condition, and the only
hope of improving them was by giving them
this power of improvement. Whatever of
evil there was in it the South compelled by
their own conduct.
Conquering the South did not change their
feelings or their opinions; they were like other
people "convinced against their wili." To
all the hate and bitterness which a long and
bloody war had engendered were added the
mortification and humiliation of defeat. They
went to war to strengthen and perpetuate
slavery. The result had been that slavery was
totally overthrown and their slaves made free.
They undertook by State laws to still keep
them deprived of all civil rights and in a
practical condition of slavery. The result
was that the colored people became their polit-
ical equals, and entitled to an equal voice in
the administration of the Government. They
knew perfectly well that during the whole war
the sympathies of the whole colored race were
with the Union, and that so far as they could
they rendered it all the aid in their power.
They knew that the colored people rejoiced in
our victories and in their defeats,and triumphed
aloud with us in the final overthrow of the
rebellion. Their former menials and property
had become their political equals, and in States
and municipalities whei e they were the most
numerous they had become their rulers.
That all this was exceedingly grating, even
revolting to the feelings of the people of the
South, can easily be he.lieved. And when it
is remembered that this people possessed all
the haughtiness and contempt of inferiors
naturally possessed by the ruling class under
a system of human slavery their utter disgust
can hardly be imagined. The feeling was in
no way soothed by the reflection that their
own folly and madness had brought about the
existing condition of things. The former con-
dition of slavery had produced another ele-
ment of large account in the events which
followed. A large number of men had lived
in idleness, and the fiuils of idleness had
ripened. The country was full of dissipated
horse-racing, cock-fighting, roystering fellows,
many of whom by the war had become des-
perate and dangerous men. The liberation
of the slaves had deprived them of their
means of living, and they were reduced to the
desperate and disagreeable duty of earning it
for themselves. That this class, under the
circumstance?, could tolerate equal rights,
civil and political, in a negro could hardly be
expected.
Again, slavery had produced another effect
upon the people of the South. It had pro-
duced a state of society semi-barbarous, like
that of the Middle Ages, when the noble and
high born rode rough-shod over the humble
and lowly, and all personal differences among
themselves were settled by personal encounter.
This state of society produced a natural disre-
gard for human life and for the sacredness of
the human person. It made men savage and
cruel, and, in the condition of things existing
in the South, produced its natural fruit of
whippings, tortures, murders, and brutalities
of every kind and degree. They had loved the
negroes well enough as menials and property,
but now as men and political equals they hated
and despised them.
I had last winter a book sent me writ-
ten by a Mr. Pollard, of Virginia, which I
carefully read, and in which there are a great
many good-things, and I commend the reading
of it to every gentleman here who may not
have already read it. He concedes all that has
been alleged of outrage and cruelty against the
colored race, but he argues that there is no
political significance &U ia it, that it grows
entirely out of the hatred of the negro as Such,
and as a freeman. But there is more in this
than Mr. Pollard admits. The negro would
be tolerated as a freeman and even as a voter
if he would give his political support to the
ruling class in the South. This he cannot and
will not do. The ruling white class in the
South, the good blood, the property-holders,
were in the rebellion. They are Democrats,
or Conservatives, or Liberals now; they sup-
port everything and anything except the .Re-
publican party. The colored man is in every-
thing political their exact opposite, and he
must be. He knows (however ignorant and
unlettered he may be) that to the Republican
party he owes his freedom and every civil and
political right he possesses. He knows but
for that party he would still be but a chattel,
and that if the Democratic party had its way
he would still be a slave.
This knowledge and this feeling make
every colored man in the South a Republican,
and make it impossible for him to be anything
else. I do not mean to say that th ex-em ay not
be individual cases where some personal in-
terest or influence may induce a colored man
to vote the other way, but I do say that every
colored man who votes his judgment aud
honest feelings will vote with the Republican
party. And here let me say to my friends
over the way that you may nominate as many
Horace Greeieys or as many other men as
you please to be supported by the Democracy,
you will get no support from the colored men
of the South.' They are Republicans "bap-
tized by fire," and are sure to a man for Gen-
eral Grant or whoever may carry the Repub-
lican banner.
Mr. Speaker, after the negroes had received
their freedom, and thus become entitled to
civil rights as freemen, it was determined by
their old owners and oppressors that their
freedom should be nominal merely. They
attempted this by State laws, to which I have
already alluded. There might by possibility
have been some fear that there would be out
breaks and disturbances by them, though there,
seems never to have been any decent pretext
for such fear; aud I do not believe that it
existed to any appreciable extent. The whole
current of evidence on all sides bears uni-
formly in favor of the quiet and good order
observed by the negroes. It was perfectly clear
upon all the evidence taken by the committee
that the secret organization known popularly
as the Ku Klux, but having really various
other names, was set up for the purpose of
keeping the negroes in a state of subjection to
the old southern rebel element.
After the ballot was given to the negro full
use and scope was found for the organization.
It was devised to work not only on the fears
but also on the superstition of the colored
people. The strength of numbers in which
the Klaus generally rode, armed to the
teeth, the bloody work they often made, were
quite enough to excite the fears of braver and
less defenseless people than the poor freedmen
of the South, but probably their horrible and
ghostly attire by midnight torchlight was as
potent of influence as their lashes or their
pistols.
Now, sir, it was formerly denied that such
a thing as Ku Klux Klans existed. For a long
time the Democratic press denied it. I have
repeatedly heard it denied by gentlemen on
this floor. But if proof of their existence
was needed, it has beeu demonstrated abun-
dantly by the labors of this committee. It is
conceded in the elaborate report of the minor-
ity to have prevailed over considerable por-
tions of the South.
The committee examined hundreds of per-
sons who had been victims Of their terrible
and cruel deeds. It has been demonstrated
that thousands of persons have btseu put ti)
