4130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
that (he motion to reconsider be laid 011 the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
KOUND VAIyLKY INDIAN ItKSKItVATION.
Mr. COGHLAN. I ask unanimous consent
to report hack from the Committee on the
Public Lands a bill (LI. R. No. 2094) to pro-
vide for the sale to actual settlers ot the sur-
plus lands of the Hound Valley Indian reserva
tion, with the recommendation that it do pass.
Theb. 11, which was read, in the first section
provides that all that portion of the proposed
Indian reservation in Round valley, Mendo-
cino county, California, which was not in the
actual occupation of the Indian department
on the 1st day of January, 1872, for Indian
purposes, be restored to the public lands ot
the United States, and the Secretary of the
Interior shall cause the same to be offered for
saie in legal subdivisions at $1 25 per acre;
provided that all improvements made by any
person on said proposed reservation before
the passage of ihe act shall be the sole prop-
erty of ltie persons making or owning the
Same, which said persons shall have priority
of right in purchasing three hundred and
twenty acres, or lews, of the lands upon which
said improvements are situated and adjoining
the same; provided further, that nothing
contained in the bill shall be so construed as
to prevent persons therein declared to have
such priority of tight, to purchase from obtain-
ing title to such lands under the provisions of
the preemption or homestead laws of the
United States. The second section provides
that the act shall take effect from and after
its passage.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What is that bill
about? Gentlemen all gather down in front,
and we seem to he passing bills blindly with-
out the (louse knowing what is going on.
, Mr. COGtiLAN". If the House will hear
for one moment, I will make an explanation.
Mr. COBURN. I rise to a point of order.
Gentlemen have all gathered down in the area
iti front of the Speaker's chair, and we cannot
hear what is going on, and 1 therefore make
the point of order that members shall be re-
quired to speak from their desks.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. COBCJRN. 1 have no disposition to
interfere with the business, but I cannot hear
a wotd iliat, is going on.
Mr. COGHLAN. 1'f the House will allow
me one minute, 1 will make a brief statement
it) refeience to this bill. In Hound valley,
Mendocino county, California, there is an In-
dian reservation containing five thousand acres
of land. There are also surplus lands making
in the aggregate thirty-one thousand acres.
There are on that reservation about four or
five hundred Indians. An effort is being made
to extend this Indian reservation over these
thirty-one thousand acres of land which have
• been settled upon for fifteen years, and the
lands made by the settlers worth from fifteen
to twenty-five dollars an acre. The effort
which is being made to extend the Indian res-
ervation is for the purpose of claiming for In-
dian purposes the whole thirty-one thousand
acres of land, and thereby deprive the settlers
who were there before any Indian reservation
was established of all chance of entering these
lands. I do not think any member can by any
possibility oppose this bill who comes to
understand the facts in the case, but I do not
desire to take up the time of the House at this
late stage of the session by going fully into all
the de'ails.
Mr. SHANKS rose.
Mr. COGHLAN. I will state, however, Mr.
Speaker, that papers in California are making
the charge that a portion of the Indian depart-
ment. in that State with some land-grabbers in
San Francisco have raised $100,000 to assist
iu extending the reservation over the whole of
this valley, so that the settlers may be driven
off, the creatures of these land-grabbers put
in possession, the reservation temoved, the
land thrown into market, and the Und-grab-
bers allowed to steal their homes from the
hard-working settlers. There is no question
that there are not in the northern part of Cali-
fornia Indians enough to require a larger reser-
vation than five thousand acres for their care
and preservation.
Every effort has been made by interested
parties to raise the presumption that the whole
valley is needed for Indian purposes, but
without avail, for there is no reason for it
other than a desire to steal the homes built
up by labor and hardship from these settlers,
and leave their families in poverty and want
for the benefitof a wealthy ring of land thieves.
I have in my possession now a letter from
citizen of Mendocino county stating that there
are three hundred Indians who have been
taken from Little Lake valley in that county
from their different homes where they were at
work by the day upon farms earning their liv-
ings as other laboring men do, they having
abandoned their tribal relations entirely : that
those men were taken by force within the last
ihree weeks by orders of the Indian depart-
ment and put upon this Indian reservation,
where they must beheld by force in order that
they might count up as many as eight hundred
Indians upon it. I state it to be a fact, and
have the proof here, that every year the Indian
department .sell a large quantity of surplus pro-
duce from their reservation of five thousand
acres ; that they have more tillable land than
they can use, and that they have no reason to
ask for the balance of this thirty-one thousand
acres.
There can be no possible reason for it ex-
cept that the land-grabbers in California are
making the attempt to steal this land from the
actual settlers who have resided upon it for
fifteen years, and who resided upon it before
the Indian department ever had a single foot
of bind in the valley. I ask for a vote.
Mr. SHANKS. I hope there will n ot be a
vote until there is an opportunity of something
more being said about this muter.
Mr. COGHLAN. I yield to the gentleman
if he desires to say anything.
The SPEAKER. All this is proceeding by
unanimous consent.
Mr SHANKS. This is a bill by which
what is now an Indian reservation is sought
to be taken from the Indians without the mat-
ter being referred to the'Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. COGHLAN. The gentleman is mis-
taken. It is not an Indian reservation. This
bill does not provide for the sale of any lands
in possession of the Indian department.
Mr. SHANKS. I have not had an oppor-
tunity to fully investigate the matter, as the
bill has not been referred to our committee ;
but I know that this laud has been surveyed
and declared an Indian reservation, and the
gentleman from California [Mr. Coghlan]
himself states that the Indian authorities are
controlling and are putting in Indians upon
the reservation, and notwithstanding that so
much difficulty arises from Indians roaming
over the country, he now complains that they
are to be put back upon this reservation, and
that men working upon their farms are to be
interfered with by the Government in making
this reservation. And yet the gentleman
claims that it is not an Indian reservation.
The fact is that this land has been set apart
for an Indian reservation to increase the Round
Valley reservation, and including the whole
valley, the object of the Department being to
put Indians upon it and take them away from
the rest of the State. The Department is very
anxious that this bill should not pass. The
wish of the Government is to keep this reser-
vation. It only increases the Round Valley
reservation so as to include the whole valley.
So far as the settlers are concerned of whom
the gentleman speaks, they were intruders upon
the public lands. They went upon them with-
out authority. The Government.has estimated
the value of their improvements, and those
estimates are.now in the Department, and have
been laid before this House. I thought I bad
a copy in my desk, but 1 cannot now lay my
hand on it. Those estimates have all been
made by appraisers. The list includes each
man by name, with an es'imate of the value of
property; every dollar of improvement being
allowed lor, and all is in reauiness for paying
them whenever the appropriations are made.
I hope that this reseivation will not be set
aside, and this encroachment made by the pas-
sage of this bid. without the Committee on
Indian Affairs being permitted to examine it
and by before the House the results of their
examination.
Mr. COGHLAN. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Shaxks] evidently does not
understand this ease at all. He has himself
admitted that he does not understand it. VVe
do not claim that any portion of the Indian
reservation shall be sold. All that is sought
by this bill is that men who have gone on this
land under the promise of the Government
that if they went on the land and complied
with the laws they would .have the right of
preemption shall not have their rights taken
fiom them. They went upon those lands
before any Indian reservation was thought of,
and for fifteen years have been making roads,
establishing post routes, building saw-mills
and grist-mills, establishing 'schools, and
introducing all the other elements of civiliza-
tion into the valiey. They went there with
the promise of the Government that if they
complied with the preemption laws the land
should be theirs, and all we claim is that they
shall have the prefe'rence over the land grab-
bers and thieves, wherever they may be, who
are endeavoring to steal the land through the
Indian department. This is certainly not ask-
ing more than justice for these men.
Mr. HARRIS, ot'Viiginia. I must object
to further debate.
Mr. COGHLAN. This bill has been before
the Committee on the Public Lands, and that
committee is uuauimously in favor of its
passage.
Mr. SHANKS. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Indian Affdrs.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order pending the motion of the gentleman
from California to suspend the rules and pass
the bill.
Mr. SHANKS. I hope that will not be
done.
Mr. COGHLAN. I hope it will.
The question was put oil the motion of Mr.
CoGHL4.\T; and there were—ayes forty-four,
noes not counted.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. GARFIELD,of Ohio. I rise to a priv-
ileged question. 1 offer the resolution which
I srnd io the Clerk's desk.
1'lie Clerk lead as follows:
Rewlved, (the Senate concurring.) That the time
for i'ig fin.il adjournment ot the second session of
the Fotty-Second Congress, nowfixedat noon Mon-
day, June 3, instant, be, and thosame is hereby, ex-
tended to eight o'clock Tuesd.i> evening, June i,
instant; and the President of the Senate and the
Speaker of the House shall at that time adjourn
tlietr respective Houses without day.
Mr. WOOD. I would ask the gentleman
from Ohio if he Can give us any assurance that
the House will be able to adjourn at that time?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I wish 1 could ;
but 1 cannot altogether say. AH the bills now
pending between the two Houses that are
indispensable to he passed before 
Mr. BINGHAM. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. Itisn&.
Mr. GAltFlELD, of Ohio. If my colleague
