8234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
construction put upon it. We have done the
best as fishermen to evade it, but it was of no
use ; it was there, and in order to get the
duty remitted they all had to swear that the
salt was used on board ship in caring fish.
They could not do that; even if they had been
willing to do so, they would have had to laugh
in each other's faces. Therefore the law haa
really been nugatory.
Now, what 1 desire is to so amend the law
that salt used in curing fish shall be free as
was intended. I ajree that salt ought to be
free. The only difficulty in my mind is, what
would be the effect if our salt-works were to
be broken up? But I want to stale one fact
to show that we need never be alraid of a
monopoly of salt. When Jefferson purchased
Louisiana, one of the controlling reasons that
he gave for that purchase was that the island
of l'etit Ainse, which was an island in Louisi-
ana two miles in circuml'eience and four hun-
dred feet liigh, was one pure bed of salt, and
it is so. There it is to-day, an island two miles
in circumference and four hundred feet high,
of rock salt of ninety-seven per cent, in fine-
ness. Well, gentlemen may bay, why has not
that salt been worked ? It was worked during
the rebellion, and I sent down a force to cap-
ture it and prevent its being worked. So I
know all about it. VVI13' was it not worked
before? some may ask. This is the reason;
salt was literally brought in free, without
price, by the cotton-ships of New Orleans as
ballast. They would almost give it away to
gel rid of it.
Mr. CONGER. That was in violation of
law, for there was never a time when there
was not. a duty on salt.
Mr. BUTLliR, of Massachusetts. J am not
talking of duly ; it was free of freight and free
of price. For lluit reason they never worked
the salt on the island of Petit Ainse.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Do they
woik it under the present tanll'V
Mr. JBUfLliR, of Massachusetts. They do
not. Then, again, it is very remarkable that
on the i'aeilic eoast there has been found al-
most precisely another such formation, and
it. is being worked for salt. Therefore, wo
have in this country deposits of'salt imper-
ishable and inexhaustible forever, so far as
that is concerned. Salt is an object of piime
necessity.
However, I desired, when I took the floor,
to explain first the amendment which I pro-
pose 10 oiler, so that the fair intention of the
law may be canied out.; and secondly, to ex-
plain the fact that from .physical reasons there
need be no fear that tliere will not be salt
enough in tiiis country, not one thousand feet
below the surface of ihe earth, but four bun-
dled feet above (lie suiface.
Mr. COX. 1 do not propose so much to
antagonize the gentleman Irom .Massachusetts
[.Me. JJi.ti.rb] in regard to making salt partly
hee. 1 should like to see it. entirely free. I
speak on tins Hide of the House [standing
near Mr. Dawks] because my side of the
House is somewhat demoralized on the tariff,
(.laughing,] judging from some of the votes
given on coal there yesteiday.
Some ciuious arguments were made yes-
terday. ihey go far to disturb some cf my
ptinciples. it not control my vole. A gentle-
man from 1 ennsylvania [Mr. Guiffitii] ap-
pealed to my friend from Indiana [Mr. Kerr]
not to oppose the coal tax, because he was
born above a coal formation [laughter] 1,1
I enii.s>lvania, and his playmates we-e honor-
able men. 1 leel the force of that ad hominem.
I was born near .be salt-wells of the beautiful
Muskingum, 1.1 Ohio. Before that stream had
Jack-water, before it was considered hardly
,1 ,] «te banks spouted sail
"*e a Massachusetts member of Con-
gress. it was evaporated by bituminous coal—
1 mean nothing personal to the gallant mem-
ber fioui Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks]—r mean
the salt water, not the banks. [La' -Liter ]
Around the wells and kettles of my native
river cluster those sweet saline associations
which have preserved me ever young 1 They
are hard to resist.
Another argument has still more force. The
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Ritchie]
begged us not to throttle the infantile coal
interests of his beloved Cumberland. [Laugh-
ter.]
Although that unhealthy baby has been fos-
tered by a "paternal Government" on "pap,"
or, as I ought to say, by a maternal Govern-
ment on milk, [laughter,] for so many years,
its power of suciion is at least forty thousaud
horse-power. [Laughter.] These are sta-
tistics. [Laughter.] Yet with rare economic
genius, followed by the eloquent fiscal mem-
ber from the Kanawha salt-works, he appealed
to us to let himsteal, so long as other sections
stole from him. Was there ever such an
illustration as that just made on the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Buti.er?] The
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Fixkelnburg]
wanted to he so honest as to help the people
to keep pork by cheap salt. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butlek] wants to
cheat, the Treasury by free salt for cod-fish.
This is all larceny. [Laughter.] What could
be more reasonable or ethical? Let us be to
each other instruments of reciprocal rapine.
[Laughter.] Michigan steals 011 copper;
Maine on lumber; Pennsylvania on iron;
North Carolina on pea-nuts; Massachusetts 011
cotton goods; Connecticut on hair pins; Now
Jersey on spool thread ; Louisiana on sugar;
and so on. Why not let the gentleman Irom
Maryland steal coal from them? True, but a
comparative few get the benefit, and it comes
out of the body of the people ; true, it tends
to high prices, but does not stealing encourage
industry? Let us as moralists, if not as poli-
ticians, rewrite the eighth commandment;
"Thou shalt steal; because stealing is right
whtjn common."
As I am a Representative of New York, and
Oiiondiiga, with the aid of the foreign solar
artisan, evaporates sail, ought I not also to
steal t,o help Onondaga? Stealing by tariffs,
Mr. Chairman, is, as De Quincy proveil of
murder, a line art. If everybody stole from
everybody, is there any reproach to anybody?
[Laughter.] If everybody is a burglar, is there
any need for anybody to lock up houses?
The mining companies out West send their
ores to Wales to he so refined as to get more
wealth. Itoughttobestoppod. Letthem steal
capital out of Government! Why not pilfer
something out of somebody else's earnings and
build works in Colorado and Nevada like
those in Wales? Iiow happy we should all be
when the reproach of Goat Island is removed
from the Pacific, and from the gentleman
from California [Mr. Sargent] [laughter] by
a grander steal lor wool and blankets I How
lumpy we should be when we can look each
olh er in the face here, clasp hands, as now X
look into the face of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] and say, "God
bless you, my brother; you have stolen from
me, and I from you; let us love one another."
[Great laughter.] Then the little unprotected
pigs, who are crowded by the big pigs, quietly
eating out of the trough, will squeal no more
to be let in, [laughter:] for 011 this idea all
shall be fed by swallowing each other's food ;
and when all are fed. 110 one loses, and we
shall be happy.
This principle commends itself to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] who
has made the speech 011 this subject that de-
lights ray heart. It has so much moderation
and wisdom. It has no nonsense ; no doctrine
in it. it is based on the principle of pure and
undefiled, it is petit larceny. He would not
steal as much as others, but to steal into
good, company—he would steal less. There is
then not so much motive for detection and
punishment. Other gen tlemen are overdoing
it. , He would steal si^t^ per cent, less than
others; say on coal. But whether petit or
grand larceny, the results are such that when
every "cove" has an equal chance at the
swag, William Sykes becomes as honorable
as the Artful Dodger, whom the papers liken
to my friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
[Laughter.] And even Oliver Twist, like my.
self, could "ask for more" without affecting
the innocence of his simple nature 1 [Laugh-
ter.]
A few more " statistics," and I subside.
[Laughter.]
How beautifully this thought is illustrated
by the well-laid breakfasttable of my colleague,
[Mr. Brooks.] The happy family gathers
around it; grace is said; God is asked to
"protect us" in our joint and several efforts
to steal 1 One guest pockets the knives and
forks; another the salt and salt-cellar; another
the cream-jug, plates, and sugar-bowl; an-
other the cloth; another the bread ; another
the potatoes; another the platedware; another
the mutton-chop; a brauny Robert Macaire
from down Bast lifts out the table; while a sly
Jean Jacques, to encourage domestic cookery,
slips into the kitchen, puts out the fire, and
carries off the stove and coals. [Laughter.]
The guests look at each other innocently
and say, " We have done all this to increase
the general comfort and to make free with
the breakfast table. [Laughter.] Are not
our wolfish appetites assuaged ? Though we
have not each a general glut of nourishment,
are we not happy? Is there not left coffee
unground and unburned, and tea undistilled,
sweetened by the memories of sugar upon an
absent cloth, and covering an invisible table 1"
I was about to produce some more statistics.
They are so powerful here. X will ask leave to
print oue thousand copies of this speech at the
expense of the Industrial League of Philadel-
phia, to which I hear no objection. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. BUCKLEY. Mr. Chairman, would an
amendment to the second paragraph on th$
subject of salt be in order at this time?
The CHAIRMAN". No amendment to thatj
paragraph is in order at present.
Mr. BUCKLEY. If I could offer an
amendment now I should propose one fixing
the duty on salt in bags, sacks, barrels, an$
other packages at six cents per bushel, or
II 5-7 per cent. I desire to call the attention
of the House to the fact that the southern
States, situated remote from the places where
salt is manufactured, receive no benefit what-
ever from the competition of the domestic
manufacturers of this article. As the gentle-
man from Massachusetts has very well said,
in the ports of Charleston, Savannah, Mobile,
and New Orleans, Liverpool sack salt was
before the war placed upon the wharves and
sold by the cargo at fifty cents per sack. That
same salt was transported two hundred miles
into the interior and sold for one dollar or less
per sack. At the present time such saR is
sold in the interior at three dollars per sack—
sometimes more, seldom less. Before the
war this salt was brought from Liverpool by
vessels which carried out cotton and brought
back salt in ballast, so that, as has been said,
it was imported almost freight free.
Now I wish to call the attention of gentle-
men from Michigan and New York to the
fact that in the Gulf States you cannot find a
barrel of Michigan or Onnodaga salt. I have
never seen such a thing in any one of the
Gulf States. But if the tariff on salt were now
reduced to what it was before the war, all that
section of country would be provided with
salt at the same reasonable rate as formerly. _
In addition to the various uses of salt in
different portions of the country, this article
enters very largely into the fertilizers which
are now so extensively used in all the States
of the South, especially upon the older and
worn lands. In this way the high tariff upon
salt becomes a serious burden to every raise#
of cotton, to every laborer in its production ft}
