546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
and .for other purposes," and I ask for its
immediate consideration.
The bill was read the first time by its title.
Mr. HILL. I wish to submit to the Senate
that, as the bill itself will indicate on being
read, it is to carry out legislation which was
had before, but there was a misnomer. Mr.
Jobe, the party named in this bill, was in-
cluded in one of the acts that removed the
disabilities of a number of persons. He is
an official in Georgia, and his name was erro-
neously given in the bill, a wrong Christian
name being assigned to him. It therefore
did not affect the person meant. This is to
correct that error, and nothing more.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read at length, and it will then be subject to
objection.
The bill was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides that the name of S. J. Jobe, of
Catoosa county, in the State of Georgia, which
appears in the act approved March 7, 1870,
and which in the bill that was passed by the
Senate and House of Representatives was
written "T. J. Jobe," but was in the enrolled
bill erroneously written " S. J. Jobe," be cor-
rected and changed to "T. J. Jobe."
Mr. CONKLING. Does this come from a
committee?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does; from
the Committee on Disabilities.
Mr. POMEROY. Will it not be covered by
the general amnesty bill?
Mr. HILL. This bill has been passed a
long time, and the party has been elected to a
county office, but is debarred from exercising
its functions by reason of that error.
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed, two thirds voting in the affirmative.
bills introduced.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 525) making an appropri-
ation to enable the President of the United
States t,o perfect and put in force such rules
regulating the civil service as may from time
to time be adopted by him; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WINDOM asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 526) for the relief of Ambrose Morrison;
which was read twice by its title, and, with the
accompanying papers, referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
Mr. BOREMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 527) to reimburse United States marshals
for moneys necessarily expended by them in
taking tbe ninth census in excess of the com-
pensation allowed them under the law in force
before the passage of this act; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduceabill (S. No. 528)
to continue in force a grant to the State of
Nevada for college purposes ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
expenditures and defalcations.
^r- CONKLING. I offer the following
resolution, and ask for its present considera-
tion :
Resolved, That tto President of tlie United States
fee requested, it m his judgment not incompatible
with the public interest, to famish the Senate with
the following information:
The amount of moneys received and disbursed bv
the Government unce the 4th of March 1869- !he
amount embezzled or appropriated by unfaithful
officers or agents; ihe amounts remaining ohan-ed
against internal revenue officers and other officials
giving the origin, date, and nature of such charges'
the number of defaulters, and how many of ,them
have been prosecuted; and the reasons of failuro in
any case or class of cases to recover the amounts
lost or to punish the offenders, together with astate-
ment of the criminal prosecutions instituted for
offenses against the revenue laws, and their results;
the number of officers, agents, or persons receiving
pay from the Government in any branch of the pub-
lic service, civil or military, who have been dis-
pensed with, or as to whom the expense has been
reduced since March 4, 1869, together with the
aggregate of saving thus caused; also the same facts
in respect of the last three preceding Administra-
tions.
By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. COLE. I would suggest an amendment
to this effect, that the statement give also the
States in which defalcations in the internal rev-
enue have taken place and the amount of defal-
cation in each State. I suppose there is no
objection to that. •>
Mr. CONKLING. Not at all, if the Sen-
ator will put it in form. He will see, however,
that the resolution necessitates that. It in eludes
that, because the particulars are called for, and
of course the States will appear.
Mr. COLE. I do not care about the amend-
ment if the substance of it is provided for, bat
I did not so understand.
Mr. CONKLING. I will accept the amend-
ment with pleasure if the Senator will put it
in form.
Mr. COLE. I will look at the resolution.
Mr. CONKLING. I think it will answer
the purpose of my friend to insert the words
"classifying by States."
Mr. COLE. That will do.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
final adjournment.
Mr. MORTON. I move that the Senate
proceed to consider the concurrent resolution
in relation to final adjournment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following resolu-
tion, submitted by Mr. Morton on the 12th
of December, 1871:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Represent-
atives concurring,) That each House of Congress
shall be adjourned nine die by the Presiding Officer
thereof on the third Monday of May, 187& at twelve
o'clock m.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to make a change
in that: to put in " Wednesday, the 29th of
May," instead of " the third Monday."
The VICE PRESIDENT. After the reso-
lution shall^ have been taken up the Senator
can modify it. It requires unanimous consent
now to do so, as the resolution is not yet
before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Is the morning business
through ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business concluded some few moments since.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senate is not full now.
It seems to me we ought not to take that up.
There are Senators absent, who have motions
pending on that very resolution, who are usu-
ally in their seats. I hope, therefore, it will not
be taken up now. The Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Trumbull] has an amendment pending
on the resolution, and I think the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Schbrz.] They are not in their
seats. I think the Senator will hardly press
this in their absence.
Mr. MORTON. I have attempted to call
up this resolution several times. It has been
on the table a good while, and the Senate has
had ample notice of it. I think I must ask this
morning that we have the sense of the Senate
as to whether it shall be taken up.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will not
press it now. If those Senators were hero I
should not say a word. There is a bill known
as the Chicago bill, which the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Logan] has in charge, and it
seems to me we ought to act on that promptly.
I should prefer to act on that now rather than
take up this resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Indiana yield to the Senator from
Illinois, who desires, as the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts states, to call up the bill in regard
to Chicago?
Mr. MORTON. I would be very glad to
accommodate all the Senators.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator will wait
until Senators come in, I shall say nothing
about it.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not wish to interfere,
but I would be very glad if the Senate would
by unanimous consent take up the bill which
I have had called up two or three times, and
act upon it, pass it or dispose of it in some
way. I hope there will be no objection to
that.
Mr. SUMNER. There is no need of unani-
mous consent, the morning business being
over.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But another motion is
pending.
Mr. MORTON. I will aid the Senator from
Illinois at any proper time in getting up his
bill, but I should be glad now to have this
motion disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana insists on the motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
see the propriety of delaying until the Sen-
ators come into their seats who have amend-
ments pending which they have moved on this
resolution. They could not have had any idea
that this would be brought forward this morn-
ing, and I think that on that ground he had
better delay, at least until they come in. When
they come, I shall have no objection to taking
up the resolution.
Mr. CRAG1N. If there is no objection, I
will take up two or three minutes in present-
ing a report of a committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a ques-
tion pending, and nothing else can be enter-
tained except by unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. As I understand, the mer-
its of the proposition are not now debatable.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They are not
debatable on a motion to take up. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from In-
diana, to proceed to the consideration of the
resolution relative to the day of final adjourn-
ment.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have the yeas and
nays on the question.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 34, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Caldwell, Car-
penter, Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Conkling. Corbett,
Cragin, Edmunds, Perry of Michigan, Flanagan,
Frelmghuysen. Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Har-
lan, Kellogg. Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Morton, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy,
Ramsey. Rice, Robertson. Sawyer. Scott, Vickers,
West, Wilson, and Wright—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West
Virginia. Fenton,Goldthwaite,Hill, Johnston, Kelly,
Norwood, Saulsbury. Schurz, Sherman, Stockton,
Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, and Win-
dom—IT.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Bore-
man, Brownlow, Buckingham, Cameron, Casserly,
Cooper, Ferry of Connecticut, Gilbert, Hamilton
of Maryland, Hitchcock, Howe, Logan, Nye, Pool,
Pratt. Spencer. Sprague, Stevenson, and Stew-
art—22.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
is now before the Senate. There are two
amendments pending to it. The Senator from
Indiana gave notice of his desire to modifv it
so as to make the day Wednesday, the 29th"of
May. If there be no objection the resolution
will be so modified, and it is so modified. The
Secretary will now report the proposed amend-
ment and the amendment to the amendment
in order.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of Mr.
Sumxer, which was to add to the resolution
the following:
Provided, That there shall be no adjournment of
Congress until after the passago of a supplementary
civil rights law securing equality before the law
without distinction of race or color.
