494 .
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[May 30,
Ho. of Reps.
Km Klux Outrages—Mr. Poland.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
deatk by them, that still greater numbers have
been cruelly scourged, maimed, and disfigured,
and many more forced to flee from their homes
for safety. The attempt is no longer made to
deny their existence, but in some way to justify
or excuse it. One pretense set up was that it
was a kind of voluntary local police to preserve
the peace and keep good order in the com-
munity, and that they only visited punishment
upon persons who had violated good order
or committed some offense.
I have already said that the concurrent tes-
timony of men of all classes has been that the
colored people of the South have never shown
any but the most orderly and law-abiding dis-
position. But if this were otherwise, all wit-
nesses of all parties agree that in all parts of
the South there has not been the slightest dif-
ficulty in enforcing the laws and punishing all
ordinary offenses against the laws. There
doubtless have been instances where punish-
ment was inflicted for some real or supposed
offense of the person punished; one or two
instances of that class have been paraded with
a great noise by the minority of the committee,
as if the many thousands of utterly unprovoked
and wanton acts proved were all of the same
character.
The evidence of witnesses called by the
minority of the committee had no tendency
to contradict the vast mass of outrages in detail
proved by the victims of them and by other en-
tirely credible witnesses. Their witnesses were
ex-members of Congress, ex-Governors, ex-
judges, men who generally lived in the cities
and large towns, aloof from the actual scenes
of the outrages, and who probably swore truly
when they stated they had never seen a Ku
Klux. But some of them had the hardihood
to swear they did not believe in their existence,
and believed it was all got up for effect by the
Republican papers in the N orth. My charity
is not broad enough to enable me to believe
that in this respect these men stated the truth.
That there was some excuse for ignorance of
facts which ordinarily would be very notori-
ous is found in the fact that the Democratic
press in the South studiously concealed all
facts of this character, or so distorted them as
to give an entire false appearance. Why, sir,
we had repeated instances where a considex'able
number of persons were murdered and news
of the fact never traveled beyond the immedi-
ate neighborhood.
In New England, where I have spent my
whole life, if a person is found murdered or
apparently killed by violence, no matter how
humble the person may be, it goes like a shock
through the whole community; every news-
paper throughout the entire region rings with
it; but in the South, as the evidence abundantly
shows, the finding of a colored man with his
throat cut, or a bullet through his head, pro-
duced no more sensation than the finding of a
dead dog upon the street. I could substan-
tiate this statement by hundreds of instances
from the testimony, but my time will not
permit.
Is it true, as Mr. Pollard says, that there is
no political significance in all these things?
If not, there are certainly a great number of
curious accidental coincidences. The perpe-
trators of all these outrages happen by chance
to belong to one, and that the Democratic
party; or if by chance any one not a Demo-
crat became a member of the order, it was
easily discovered that he had some special,
personal motive. I recollect an instance of
this in the testimony. A very ignorant but
apparently honest boy of nineteen or twenty
years of age was a witness before the com-
mittee. He testified that he joined a den of
the Ku Klux ij Rutherford county, North
Carolina, and took the prescribed oath, one
part of which was that they would do all in their
^power to put down the Radicals. I thought.
it safe after this to ask him who belonged
to the order, and what party they belonged
to ? He answered, they were generally Con-
servatives, but there were some Radicals.
Senator Blair who was always quick to see
any advantage for his side, evidently thought
something could be gained by following my
inquiry up; so he asked the boy why Radicals
should join the order if they had to swear to
put down the Radicals. He answered very
readily and naively—
" Some of them joined so as to be safe themselves,
and some of thom joined so they could run their
stills."
Whenever any man not a Democrat was
found belonging to the order, some similar
reason existed.
Another equally singular thing, if of no
political significance, is the undisputed fact
that the victims of their cruelty and outrages
were universally Republican". No Democrat
was ever disturbed by them. That mark upon
the door-post always caused the destroying
angel to pass by and leave all unharmed. The
Democratic press somehow either denied all
their acts or justified and excused them. The
Republican press, on the other hand denounced
them, and called loudly for their punishment.
In the multitude of terrible offenses com-
mitted by these disguised bands not a single
case was ever prosecuted to conviction in any
of the State courts; at least that is my rec-
ollection of the evidence. Even in counties
where the judicial and prosecuting officers were
Republicans it was found utterly impossible
to secure convictions. Some power behind
the scenes kept parties from prosecuting, or
witnesses from testifying, orjuries from convict-
ing in all such cases. All the Democratic
gentlemen who testified before the committee,
who would admit the existence of the Ku Klux
at all, swore they had always been greatly op-
posed to it and had denounced it with great
severity. But I believe not a single instance
appeared where either of these gentlemen, or
any one of similar political principles, ever
lifted a finger or took a step to bring one of
these offenders to punishment.
Their denunciations seemed to have very
little effect. Who believes, Mr. Speaker, that
if the Democratic leaders in the South had
really desired to put an end to this terrible
business they could not have done it at any
time in a single day ? The terrible truth is
that it was too profitable to their party to be
broken up; a machine by which the Repub-
lican voters of whole counties could be de-
terred from voting could not be spared.
All other excuses for these unprovoked and
numberless outrages having failed, the Demo-
cratic party and the minority of the committee
have fallen back upon the corruptions of the
reconstructed State governments and the
increase of their State debts.- It would be
quite a sufficient answer to say, as the truth
is, that these Klans were fully organized and
carrying on their hellish work before a single
one of these governmsnts was in operation
under the reconstruction acts. But this need
not be relied on.
That many incompetent and some corrupt
men obtained official places under the recon-
structed governments is undoubtedly true. In
the unsettled and troubled state of society
existing in the South, this was inevitable. In
such times adventurers and bad men, to a
greater or less extent, always obtain promi-
nence. That much of their legislation was
crude and unwise, and some of it selfish and
corrupt, need not be denied, but that it was
universally so is entirely untrue.
But without taking any time to either justify
or excuse their acts, I do assert, Mr, Speaker,
that there was no evidence that in a single in-
stance any of these outrages were committed
for any such reason, nor was that ever given as
an excuse for them. If these acts furnished
reasons for resort to violence and blood, the
punishment would naturally and legitimately
have been directed toward the authors of the
wrong, instead of harmless and helpless people
of color.
For a considerable time while Senator Scott
was absent with a sub-committee in the South
I officiated as chairman of the committee here,
and conducted the examination of the wit-
nesses. Governor Lindsey, of Alabama, was
a witness, and gave in detail the entire list
of what he claimed were improper acts of the
reconstructed government of Alabama. I put
the question to him whether in any instance
any of these acts had been put forward as an
excuse for any act of unlawful violence, and
he answered emphatically, no. I put the same
question to many others, and received the
same answer.
I said, Mr. Speaker, there was no instance
where acts of violence grew out of complaints
of the acts of the governments. I ought per-
haps to make one exception. The first Legis-
lature under the reconstructed government of
Mississippi made a very wise and liberal pro-
vision for the erection of school-houses and
the support of common schools for all the
children in the State, both white and colored.
This met with most violent opposition on the
part of many of the white people. A great
number of school-houses were burned, many
teachers were killed, many more were whipped
and otherwise abused, and a still greater
number were driven away. These are the only
cases as I recollect where any law or gov-
ernmental act was made the excuse for vio-
lence in all the thousands of pages of violence,
I remember an incident in the evidence
which gives the key to this opposition. We
had before us as a witness a young Irishman
by the name of McBride. He was well edu-
cated, a quiet, pale student. He had been a
teacher for some years in Cincinnati, but after
the establishment of schools in Mississippi he
went to that State and engaged in teaching.
He taught a colored school tor several months, -
and was well received and treated by the white
people living in the neighborhood. So well
was he liked that he was made the teacher of
the white Sabbath-school. While thus quietly
pursuing his duties the house where he lived
was one night surrounded by a large body of
armed and disguised men; he was taken by
them from his bed in his night-clothes, and in
that condition to a swamp at some distance
and terribly beaten. He succeeded in escaping
with his life. I asked him what they said to
him, and what reason, if any, they gave for
the act. His answer was, "All they said to me
was that ' they would "learn me not to come to
Mississippi to make niggers as good as white
folks.' " This was the spirit that opposed the
education of the colored people in Mississippi,
and this furnishes the true key to the opposition
to all advancement of that race in the South.
The old spirit of slavery, the desire to rule
and dominate over the colored people, still
prevails to a large extent. They still expect
and require that the negroes shall exhibit the
same cringing submission in their conduct and
behavior to the whites as when they were
slaves. If they do not, it is insolence or im-
pudence. In examining witnesses as to the
treatment of the colored people by the whites
several stated they were kindly treated by the
people unless they were insolent. To ascer-
tain what was meant by this term I asked one
witness to describe what he meant. He did
not give a very clear idea. I put a case to
him. Suppose a white man employs a negro
to work, or has dealings with him, and they
differ in the settlement of the wages or price,
will the negro be allowed to claim what he
considers his rights, and argue the justice of
his side, in a manner that would be considered
