1872,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S235
the Gulf States—to eyery man who in any
way makes his living from the production of
cotton. Upon this subject of fertilizers I
desire to invite the attention of the House,
especially members from the South, to the
fact that during the four months from Decem-
ber, 1869, to April, 1870, over seven million
dollars' worth of fertilizers passed over three
railroads in the Carolinas and in Georgia, to
be used upon the cotton lands of the South.
Mr. CONGER. Why did not the gentle-
man get rock salt from the rock mountain,
one hundred aud fifty miles distant, referred
to by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
butlbsi ?]
Mr. BUCKLEY. I will say to my friend
from Michigan that before the war, when there
was a reasonable and moderate tariff upon salt,
we could buy salt in Charleston, Savannah,
Mobile, and New Orleans cheaper than we
could get it even from that mountain of salt.
Salt was brought over from Liverpool and put
down at fifty cents a sack of three bushels.
Mr. CONGER. You would get it now if
your ships brought back salt in ballast afler
carrying out cargoes of cotton.
Mr. BUCKLEY. We send abroad almost
as much cotton now as we ever did. The trouble
is that if we bring back salt now we have to
pay this enormous duty of one hundred and
twenty to one hundred and sixty per cent. The
result is that every farmer, no matter whether
he be a stock raiser or a cotton raiser, suffers
by this enormous tariff.
In reply to the remarks of the gsntleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] the honor-
able chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, I wish to say that if we have such vast
resources in this country for producingsalt, the
energies of the American people, whenever the
time shall come and it shall be necessary to de-
pend exclusively upon the home production of
salt, will be able to meet the emergency. I
am not afraid at all of any foreign country
monopolizing the salt market so long as we
have such abundant means of production in
our own country. The suffering in the South
during the war on account of the scarcity of
salt was but temporary. I will give the
southern people credit for that energy which
very shortly after the breaking out of the war
provided them all the salt they needed.
_Mr. STEVENS obtained the floor, and
yielded to Mr. Hibbard.
Mr. HIBBARD. I am only able to get an
opportunity to address the committee for a
moment. As has been already stated in this
debate, salt is produced in the United
States, and exported and sold abroad in
Competition with salt produced in foreign
countries. We export considerable quantities
of domestic salt to Canada, and some to other
countries. We also, to some extent, reexport
foreign salt. The following tables, which have
been kindly furnished me by Edward Young,
the efficient chief of the Bureau of Statistics,
will show whether the manufacturers of salt
need the high and unjust protection they so
persistently demand:
Domestic exports and foreign reexports of salt from
the United States, and its value, for the fiscal years
ending as follows.
Tears.
1861....
186a 
186 3 
186 4 
186 5 
1866...
186 7 :
186 8 
1869....
1870.... "
1871 
Domestic exports.
Bushels.
537,401
397,566
584,901
635,519
582.803
670,644:
605,825
624,970
412.947
298,142
112,978
Value.
$144,046
228,109
277.838
296 088
355.469
300,980
324,050
289.936
190.076
119,582
47,115
Foreign reexports.
*Bushels.
124.024
81,457
127,751
78,510
134.646
80.445
47,038
314,469
208,368
234.780
84,861
Value.
$17,532
22,166
43.6b2
44,924
79.197
31,889
36,691
68,254
23,584
42,714
15,948
* Computed at fifty-six pounds to the bushel.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, President
Madison, one of the fathers of the Constitu-.
tion, closes a letter on the power of Congress
^ ®^coura£e domestic products by regulations
of Congress in these words:
., the exercise of this power they are respon-
sible to their constituents, whose right and duty it is
to bring their measures to the test of justice and the
general good."
In the State which I in part represent in
this House the inhabitants are nearly all
agriculturists. Our surplus products of corn
and wheat, pork and beef, after supplying the
demands of the home or eastern market, are
sent abroad to foreign nations.
It is a well established principle that the
price of the part exported regulates the price
of that sold in the home market. Our
cereals have to compete with those from
the Baltic, the Black and Mediterranean
seas, with the natural advantage of cheaper
transportation in their favor. The labor of
our yeomanry, with this natural disadvantage,
has to compete with the cheap labor of the
Laps and Finns, the serfs of Russia, and the
sclaves of Hungary and the lazzaroni of
southern Europe. On almost every article of
comfort or necessity we purchase abroad ia
exchange for our products we have to pay an
exorbitant duty. The price of our domestic
salt, of the iron for our agricultural imple-
ments, and of our lumber, articles of prime
necessity and extensive consumption, are
largely enhanced by the protective monopoly
bestowed upon their producers. We are com-
pelled to sell our products in a market regu-
lated by the cheap prices of foreign labor, and
to buy our necessary articles of consumption
in a market made unreasonably and unnatur-
ally dear by the favors and bounties granted
to most every branch of manufacturing indus-
try. Is this right? Will it stand Madison's
test of equal j ustice ?
The agricultural interest thus discrimin-
ated against, is suffering all over our country.
The past summer I had occasion to visit my
early home in the old Granite State. I found
in my native town, where formerly there was a
saw and grist mill, a large manufacturing vil-
lage. I saw with much satisfaction the fine
mills vocal with the hum of manufacturing
industry, the neat and capacious school houses
filled with tidy scholars, the elegant churches
and the elegantly dressed worshipers, so well
described by the eloquent gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] and I rejoice
with him at the prospect. I also saw with
much pleasure the beautiful cottages of the
mechanics of the Keystone State, furnished
with rich carpets, elegant furniture and gas-
lights, and ail the little comforts of life, so
happily alluded to by the eloquent gentleman
from Pennsylvania. I also saw some things
the eloquent gentleman forgot, I presume, to
mention. I saw the elegant and stately man-
sions of the lordly owners of these manufac-
turing establishments made rich by the protec-
tive bounties wrung from the sweat and toil
of western agriculturists, working in the fields
from early morn to dewy eve, from twelve to
fourteen hours a day.
Such advantage is given by protective law
to the mechanic interests that the agricul-
tural interests in New England are dying out;
the lands once cultivated with profit are being
abandoned to grow up to bushes. Many farm-
houses are closed up, their occupants having
been compelled by these unjust laws to quit
the healthful labor on the hill-sides, which de-
veloped their manly forms, to swelter in the
heated and confined atmosphere of the manu-
factory. The census returns too clearly show
the physical deterioration consequent upon
this policy.
Does this showing, Mr. Chairman, meet the
requirements of President Madison's second
test, the public good? Certainly not. An in-
telligent and well-to-do agricultural yeomanry
is the hope and glory of all lands, and the
strongest bulwark for the protection and per-
petuation of republican liberty.
Our fathers laid the foundations of our Gov-
ernment deep and strong in the principles of
justice and individual liberty. They who
were so jealous of the rights of self-govern-
ment certainly never designed to surrender to
individuals or corporations a monopoly of the
hard-earned rewards of honest labor. I trust,
Mr. Chairman, that the members of this
House, perceiving how very little the dwellers
on tlie prairies share in the favors of protec-
tion, will not deny to them their just claim, free
salt.
The committee rose informally, and the
Speaker resumed the Chair.
MESSAdE FROM TUB SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate,
by Mr. Sympson, one of its clerks, notifying
the House that that body had concurred ia
amendments of the House to Senate bills of
the following titles:
An act (S. No. 607) to establish the pay of
enlisted men of the Army;
An act (S. No. 448) to establish a system
of deposits and to prevent desertions and ele-
vate the condition of the rank and file of the
Army;
An act (S. No. 347) granting a pension to
Sarah McEnany; and
An act (S. No. 955) granting a pension to
Mary Ann Montgomery, widow of William W.
Montgomery, late a private in the Texas
volunteers.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill (H. R. No. 1G61)
making appropriations for the support of the
Military Academy for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1873, with sundry amendments ; in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested.
The message further announced that Mr.
Sherman had been appointed in the place of
Mr. FiiELlNGnuYSEN, excused, as a manager
on the part of the Senate of the conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the deficiency appropriation bill.
The committee resumed its session.
Mr. DUELL. Mr. Chairman, since the
amendment I have had the honor to offer has
been under consideration a variety of argu-
ments have been advanced why this amend-
ment ought not to prevail. The gentleman
from Illinois who addressed the committee
yesterday made the assertion that in conse-
quence of the tariff on salt it added $2,000,000
of cost to the consumers. Thegentleman from
Delaware, who addressed the House this morn-
ing, made an extraordinary statement, that it
increased the cost to the consumer of $10,-
000,000. Now, Mr Chairman, when we take
into consideration the fact that twenty million
bushels of salt only are manufactured in the
United States, and this is sold at thirty-three
cents a bushel, we find the manufacturers of
salt actually receive only $4,600,000 for all
the salt they manufacture.
Now, Mr. Chairman, that is on a par with
many of the assertions and representations
which have been made in the presses of the
country in order to create a prejudice against
the manufacturers of salt.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farxs-
wortii] says that because salt is a necessity
it ought to be admitted free, and this interest
crushed out in the United States. I submit,
Mr. Chairman, that that argument is too laige.
If that is true, then the cloth from which our
coats and the leather from which our shoes
are made should come in duty free, because
these are articles of prime necessity. 'Ihe
argument then proves too much, and 1 assert
that we ought to cultivate the production of
salt in this country in the same way as we do
any other industrial interest.
In order to show what effect will be pro-
duced on the salt manufacturers of this coun-
try if the bill of the committee is adopted by
the House I send to the Clerk's desk and ask
to have read an extract from a letter received
