1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
54-
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of
Mr. Schurz to the amendment, to add :
Also laws that shall provide for a reductionof the
tariff and internal taxation, and a reform in the
civil service of the United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the discussion
proceeds on the amendment, I desire to state
that I shall vote against the entire proposition
without reference to the two amendments that
are offered. In the first place, this is an ex-
traordinary resolution, never before within my
knowledge offered in the Senate at this period
of time. These resolutions for adjournment
have always come from the House of Repre-
sentatives, where there is a natural impatience
to get back among the people, and they have
always been delayed in the Senate until the
measures of the session were perfected and
ready for passage. Those who have been here
for the last ten or fifteen years know that the
Senate have always insisted that the resolution
to adjourn finally should be postponed until
the business of the Senate was substantially
accomplished, and that we should not show an
impatience to get away from public duties
while we have public duties to discharge.
That is the ground on which I shall base my
vote.
This proceeding is unusual. There is no
occasion for it. The majority of this body
can, at any time when they are prepared to
adjourn, carry a resolution of adjournment.
The idea that we shall hasteti the passage of
any bill by fixing so long beforehand the
neriod of adjournment, it seems to me, is not
well founded, unless the Senate and House
are governed not by proper motives in the
conduct of the public business.
So far as the amendments are concerned,
'offered by the Senator from Massachusetts
and the Senator from Missouri, I am opposed
to them. The resolution for adjournment
ought not to be coupled with conditions, and
ought not to be passed until Congress is ready
to adjourn, and then it ought to provide sim-
ply for the mere formality of adjournment. I
shall therefore vote against the amendments,
and I shall vote against the resolution until
the time arrives when we have passed the
necessary appropriation bills and such other
bills as must be acted upon before the adjourn-
ment of Congress. _ _ ^
I never have known a resolution of this kind
to pass before all the leading appropriation
bills have been passed in the House of Rep-
resentatives. The majority ought certainly not
to pass a resolution of this kind. If you fix
the day of adjournment so as to prevent us
from acting upon the subject at our pleasure,
the majority is at the mercy of the minority.
The minority may combine by factious oppo-
sition to prevent the passage of the requisite
measures. I see no occasion for us to depart
from the usual and well-established mode of
going along regularly. When the House of
Representatives have passed the appropriation
bills they will send us a resolution for adjourn-
ment, and then we can act upon it. 1 am as
anxious to get away from Washington as any
member of the Senate, but I will not vote for
anv resolution of this kind until all the appro'
priation bills are practically beyond danger,
and all the necessary measures of legislation
have been fairly debated and acted upon.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I see no reason
why we cannot at this time fix the day of
adjournment, nor do I see any danger of the
failure of the passage of any of the bills that
are now pending or that may come before us,
when wo fix the time of adjournment some
three months ahead of the time of adjourn-
ment fixed every other year. It gives us a
lee-wav of nearly three months beyond the 4th
of March, at which time it appears to me very
clearly we can get through the business of the
session. I only regret that I am compelled
with others to vote for so long a time as the
date fixed in the amendment of the resolution,
nearly the end of May. I am of the opinion
that we can get away even earlier than that
without any danger to the regular business of
the session.
Mr. CORBETT. I regret that the Senator
from Indiana has not consented to propose the
resolution for the adjournment at an earlier
te. It must be evident to every member
of the Senate that we have had but very little
to do. We have adjourned on every Thurs-
day until Monday. Very little business is
before us, and the business of the country is
constantly disturbed by anticipated legislation.
My own impression is that the sooner we
adjourn the better for the country. The con-
stant agitation here of various business prop-
ositions disturbs the manufacturing and com-
mercial interests of this country, and the
people generally regret when Congress meets,
and they look forward with anticipations of
satisfaction to its adjournment. I trust, there-
fore, that we may take up this resolution, and
that some one will offer an amendment to
adjourn even earlier than the day proposed.
I myself shall certainly vote for an adjourn-
ment on at least as early a day as is proposed
by the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I think
the reasons given by my colleague why this
resolution should not be passed are conclu
sive ; but there are other reasons which ought
to be noticed. If the Senate means anything
by the appointment of the investigating com-
mittee it has set to work, if we are to have
anything like a reduction of taxes, if we are to
have anything like civil service reform, this
resolution ought not to pass: and it will be
considered, if the resolution does pass, that
the Senate has determined beforehand that
the investigation shall stop, that a reduction
of taxation shall not take place, and that civil
service reform shall be buried. That is the
way in which it will be considered by the
country.
But suppose that impression should be erro
neous, and that we are to act upon these great
measures, why should we beforehand restrict
ourselves in the time necessary to consider
them? Are they not great subjects? Is not
the investigation that has been inaugurated
and is not another investigation proposed in
the other branch of Congress matters of great
importance, requiring time and requiring con-
sideration when the results of those investiga-
tions shall be laid before the two Houses? Is
not the reduction of taxation a great subject
which requires the utmost care and attention
on the part of Congress? Is it not recom-
mended in the President's message, and are
we not pledged, as it were, to take up that
subject and to deal with it in a large and a
liberal and a careful spirit? And is there
nothing in civil service reform but an occasion
to make stump speeches?
Mr. President, it does seem to me that if
this Congress does nothing it will l>e because
Congress does not want to do anything. _ It will
not be for want of subjects for legislation; it
will not be for want of subjects that demand our
attention : but it will simply be because Con-
gress is determined to do nothing, determined
to make no reduction of taxation, determined
to have no civil service reform, determined to
have no investigation into abuses alleged to
6XMr. President, I say that so far from fixing
any time now, we ought not to think ot fixing
the time now for an adjournment, and I pro-
test for one against the practice that has pre-
vailed too long in this Senate,and too long in the
other House, of bringing in the appropriation
bills at the close of a session, and compelling
every one to vote upon them under whip and
spur without any opportunity to investigate
them at all.
In the House of Commons, in the British
Parliament, and formerly in the Congress of
the United States, the greatest debates that
ever took place in either of those bodies, the
most thorough investigations that ever took
place, were upon appropriation bills. It was
when the budget was brought in that the great
debates took place. It is so to a certain
extent in the House of Commons this day.
But now we pass the budget without one word
of debate or of examination. There is no
chance to examine it at all; the bill goes right
through under whip and spur, sometimes upon
a five-minutes debate, and sometimes with
even that debate cut off, where it can be done
by the previous question, and millions and
tens of millions of dollars are voted without
one member out of ten knowing anything
whatsoever of the merits of the appropriation.
That is not right. I should like to see a rule
of Congress that would require the appropri-
ation bills to be brought in at an early day in
the session that the budget might be exam-
ined, that the merits of the appropriations
might be fully understood by members, and
that they might come forward to advocate or
to- oppose them, as in their judgment they
deserved support or deserved opposition.
But when you fix a day for the adjournment
there is a pretext at once for crowding every
measure, for curtailing debate, for curtailing
investigation, not only in regard to the subjects
which we have said shall be investigated, but
in regard to every bill which shall come before
Congress. Everything then is to be done
under whip and under spur. We all know how
itis. Whenever a day of adjournment isfixed,
from that time forward everything^ is done
under whip and spur. If you fix it at this
early day, from this time until that day this
same unseemly haste will prevail. I for one
object to it.
I do not quite agree with the reasoning of
my colleague about a minority. He says that
a minority may obstruct legislation. It is very
true they might; but there is another thing that
the minority is particularly interested in in
every legislative body, and that is that it shall
have a fair opportunity to consider the meas-
ures which are proposed by the dominant party
in the body. That poor privilege at least it
ought to have. If it cannot defeat them by its
votes, it at least ought to have the opportunity
to examine them fully and to point out what
in its judgment it considers their defects. And
for the very same reason that there is freedom
of debate "at all, which is more for the benefit
of the minority than the majority, there ought
not to be that curtailment of time in the con-
sideration of measures which prevents discus-
sion.
I therefore hope that this resolution will not
pass, but that we shall go on as we have hereto-
fore gone on, and when we have reached a
time that we can see what every one must
concede is the close of the session, then we
shall terminate it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As the Sen-
ator from Ohio said yesterday to the Senator
from Indiana, I suppose we have heard the
key-note for the Democracy, and that now we
shall see them voting in solid phalanx. But,
Mr. President, the Senator's assertion that
the appropriation bills are not considered now
as thoroughly as formerly, is entirely erro-
neous. There never has been a time when
they were not considered in this body without
any limit or restriction as to debate. _ They
are so considered now, and the five-minutes
debate in the House of Representatives ha3
always been called the most interesting debate
of thai body. In addition to that, within the
last two or three years there has been a special
committee in each body to examine and scru-
tinize every appropriation bill. An additional
