18120
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Alabama Claims—Mr. Roberts.
Ho. of RbSpS.
proper by a white man in his place? " By no
means," said he. At this point a member
of the committee said to me, ''Neither would
you or any other New England man." I was
happy to say to my colleague, as I say to you,
Mr. Speaker, that he was entirely mistaken;
that any decent man in New England, any
New England gentleman in such circum-
stances, would be "altogether more gentle and
forbearing than with his equal, and would Sup-
pose he sacrificed none of his dignity thereby.
But, Mr. Speaker, before I close I want to
say a word 011 the subject of the increase of
the debts of the southern States, about which
so much has been said by the Democratic
press a d Democratic orators. The great bulk
of this increase has arisen from granting the
aid of the States to railroads and other public
works within the States, by issuing State
bonds to them. Now. whether these acts
were 'wise or unwise, they were not for the
benefit of colored men or carpet-baggers.
These roads are all owned by a different class
of men altogether, having no sympathy polit-
ically with these maligned classes. If they
were procured by corrupt means, they are the
parties really in fault. If they bribed or
deceived ignorant colored representatives, or
made unholy alliances with adventurous car-
pet-baggers, it does not lie in the mouths of
their political friends to charge the fault upon
the Republican party.
Mr. Speaker, my time is nearly up, and I
must close. I trust these dark and bloody
days and deeds are over. The law that was
passed by Congress a year ago has done a
wonderful work. Hundreds of tbese misguided
and cruel men have been indicted, ana many
convicted and are now suffering the penalty
of the law. Many hundreds of them have
voluntarily confessed their guilt, and others
have fled the country. The public trials have
brought to the light of day the dark and damn-
ing deeds of this order, and their horrible
atrocities. The words of their own counsel,
which have been quoted by the gentleman
who preceded me, have rung all over the
land. Well do I know how the great heart of
that generous old man must have been pained
by the recital of their abominations.
I trust the time has come when the sober
sense of intelligent men of the South will
come to the rescue, and that they will see
that a continuation of such acts operates most
injuriously upon every interest of their section.
It they will not, then reliance can only be
had upon a firm and vigorous administration
of the law of Congress against these offenses,
and all experience has demonstrated that this
can be done and will be done only at the
hands of a Republican Administration. If
peace can be had only by force of the law,
the friends of the law must administer it.
Mr. Speaker, connected as Ihavebeen with
the Committee to Investigate the Condition
of Affairs in'the late Insurrectionary States,
and as the orgjan of that committee in the
House, having reported the pending bill to ex-
tend, t,he provisions of the fourth section of the
law coinmjonly known as the " Ku Klux act,"
it may properly be expected that I should say
a word in reference to it before I close. That
Congress might properly confer upon the Presi-
dent the power to suspend the writ of habeas
corpus in the contingency provided for in the
original act was determined by the nearly
unanimous vote of the Republican majority
in Congress when the bill was passed. I do
not propose to reargue the point at all. That,
power expires with this session of Congress.
Ought it to,be further extended?
When the committee reported"tljis bill in(
the early part of this session th,e state of,
affairs in the South was quite different from'
that which now exists. The various trials'
and convictions under the law had not then
taken place, and the full salutary effect of the
enforcement of the law had not been felt.
Now, there iB very general peace and order
throughout the South. It is said that under
such circumstances to provide for a suspen-
sion of the writ of habeas corpus, upon some
future contingency,' is manifestly improper.
But we ought not to forget what has taken
place. In many parts of the South bodies
of armed men have Created such a reign of
terror that the entire body of colored citi-
zens have not dared to vote, or hardly to
exercise any rights of citizens. The civil
law, so far as they were concerned, was
utterly set aside. The power to do the same
thing again exists as potently as ever. Is
it an unreasonable supposition that under
the same circumstances and with the same
inducements the same terrible acts will not
be repeated ? And is it a mere hypothetical,
imaginary fear we propose to legislate against?
For my own part, I would prefer to keep
up every safeguard for the protection of the
rights of this newly enfranchised and feeble
class of citizens.
But, Mr. Speaker, I have never been able
to regard this section of the law as so import-
ant as others, both its friends and opponents,
do. The whole effect is to prohibit judges
from discharging on habeas corpus persons
charged with offenses and prosecuted under
the law. It is hardly to be supposed that
judges of the Federal courts will thus dis-
charge men who are regularly prosecuted. It
is now perfectly well settled that State judges
have no jurisdiction to discharge parties ar-
rested and proceeded against under the laws
of the United States, and I am not aware that
southern State judges have attempted to ex-
ercise any such authority. I cannot therefore
regard the further continuance of this power
of suspension as at all vital to the future suc-
cess of this law. All the operative and active
parts of the law are permanent and remain in
full force—the power to use the military forces
in aid of the law and the civil officers, as well
as the penal sanction.
Under the suspension of the habeas corpus
last year in a few counties in South Carolina
all that was done was simply this, that the
United States troops aided the marshal in
making arrests. This might as well have been
done without a suspension of the writ as with.
The marshal has always the right to take suffi-
cient force to make arrests. The power to
suspend the writ seems to have been regarded
in the South as equivalent to a proclamation of
martial law, and a suspension of all civil law,
of civil tribunals, and perhaps this misappre-
hension has added somewhat of wholesome
fear of the law. The strong friends of the
measure and its bitter opponents seem still to
labor under the same misapprehension. I can-
not regard it as so powerful either for good or
for evil. But still, for myself I would be will-
ing to further extend the President's power,
as one of the restraining influences in favor of
continued peace and order in the South. That
it would be abused or used improperly in any
way by the present Executive I have not the
slightest fear.
Alabama Claims.
SPEECH OF HON. W. R. ROBERTS,
op new york,
In the House op Representatives,
May 20, 1872,
In relation to the claims arising from the depreda-
tions of the Alabama up oil American commerce".
Mr. w: R. ROBERTS. M'r. Speaker, the
treaty known as the treaty of Washington,
signed by the American commissioners and the
plenipotentiaries of Great Britain on the 8th',
of May, 1871, is a treaty of very great import-
ance to the people of the United States. It has
certainly received a large share of the public
attention, it has been variously interpreted by
the high contracting parties, it was the cause
of much felicitation on the part of the infat-
uated fools in our midst, who believe the mil-
lennium is at hand whenever they utter some
miserable platitude about "peace between
kindred nations," and the noble principles
of arbitration, by which war is to be forever
avoided, thieves are to be made honest men
of, and British pirates are to be converted into
meek, and lowly, and self-denying saints.
Well, sir, this treaty was heralded from the
pulpit, from the banquet hall, from the ros-
trum, and through the press as something
marvelous in the way of human wisdom ; in
its forbearance, equity, regrets, and atone-
ment. It did honor to the spirit of the age;
it bound in bonds stronger than the Atlantic
cables the two great branches of the "Anglo-
Saxon family." Her Majesty, through her
lordly plenipotentiaries, said she was sorry
that the Alabama had escaped to destroy our
ships and commerce; and as monarchs and
their ministers never lie, particularly British
monarchs and British ministers, we said that
Such wonderful evidence of condescension on
the part of our monarchical relative atoned for
all the sufferings, and tears, and bloodshed,
caused by her subjects, and laws, and procla-
mations, and that henceforth we were again
" kindred peoples" and " Christian nations,"
and all that remained was to pay the bill of
damages, and the dead past should be buried,
in the grave of oblivion.
To this her Majesty's ministers demurred :
they did not think they owed us anything, and
if they did, the regrets of a queen should cer-
tainly be considered ample payment for the
little unpleasantness arising from her hasty
proclamation of neutrality. We accepted the
regrets of course; they were balm to our lacer-
ated republican hearts; for though we have
often had queens to revile us and kings to make
war upon us, we never before had a queen to
say out of the fullness of her heart, or from the
very bottom of her pocket, that she regretted
an injuiy done us, especially as it did not ac-
complish all the results expected,- and we were
still in a position to call her to account, and
to enforce satisfaction, or perhaps retaliation.
Therefore the regrets were sweet, they were
novel and pleasing, they paid for the wounds
and suffering and tears, but we wanted pay-
ment for the destruction of our ships, our
commerce, and the heavy pecuniary losses the
nation sustained through England's violation
of her neutral obligations.
Her Majesty's ministers of course could not
admit they owed us anything, as they had not
violated their own laws ; but that in order to
show her Majesty's love for us, and to prove
that her proclamation of neutrality was issued
entirely in our interests, and that we suffered
no wrong or sustained no loss through it, they
would submit ihe questions at issue to five
arbitrators to decide. This was agreed upon.
The treaty of Washington is the result. It
has been before the country for twelve months,
and notwithstanding all the palaver, and feli-
citation, and sickening twaddle which was called
forth by its adoption, it has giveurise to more
misunderstandings in that short time than any
treaty known to history. It has given birth
to crimination on one side, and recrimination
on the other; it has called forth insult after
insult from the British press and British states-
men, and it has brought once more to the
surface, all the hate and bitterness which that
people have ever entertained for America.
For myself, I am as thoroughly convinced
as I was when the treaty was first published ;
and I am confirmed by recent events in the
conviction I then held, that we are doomed to
