4132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid ou the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bobke and ktjnkel.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, also, by unani-
mous consent, reported from the Committee
of Claims a bill (H. R. No. 2952) for the relief
of Burke & Kunkel; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to Burke & Kun-
kel, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, $3,849, being the
value of pig iron taken by an agent of the
Treasury Department, by mistake, as confed-
erate property, in July, 1865, the net proceeds
having been covered into the Treasury of the
United States to the credit of the " eaptured
and abandoned f roperty fund."
Mr. DICKEY. ' Where does that bill come
from ?
The SPEAKER. From the Committee of
Claims, through the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Harris.]
Mr. GARFlELD, of Ohio. I ask for the
reading of the report.
The report was read. The committee find
that these claimants were iron-masters in the
county of Augusta, Virginia, before and during
the rebellion; that during the progress of the
rebellion, as was in that section of the country
the custom, the confederate government com-
pelled these claimants to enter into a contract
to furnish atul dt liver at Richmond one half of
all the proceeds of their furnaces at a fixed
pi ice, to he paid oil delivery; that these claim-
ants complied with the terms of this contract,
and at the takin;; of Richmond and the prac-
tical close of the rebellion had near their
foundery and on the line of the railroad, with
the view of transportation to Richmond, this
iron for which chey ask compensation; that
the United Stages authorities, in July, 1865,
seized the same as the property of the confed-
eracy, caused it to he sold, as appears by the
letter of the Secretary of the Treasury, for the
sum of $5,212 40, the expenses of sale being
$1,363 40, and the net balance of $3,849 was
covered into the Treasury of the United States
to the credit, of the "captured and abandoned
property fund."
The committi e state as their opinion that
this property so taken was not the property of
the confederacy; that, these claimants owned
it to all intents and purposes until actual
delivery, and th tt they ought to receive from
the Government the amount covered into
the Treasury as above, $3,849.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I hope we will
now have a vote on the suspension of the rules
and passage of the bill.
Mr. PERCE. I do not think this is a bill
which ought to pass at this time.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. It is a unan-
imous report from the Committee of Claims.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
81, noes 22 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. HARIIIS, of Virginia. I demand
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. YonifG and
Mr. Goodrich were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes £6, noes 26.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended, and the bill passed.
COLLECTION DISTRICT SAN DIEGO, CALIFORNIA.
Mr. SAWYER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to report back, with the
recommendation that it do pass, a bill (H. R.
No. 1907) to make San Diego, in the State of
California, a port of entry. I now move to
buspend the rules to pass the bill.
Ibe bill, which was read, in the first section
provides that the counties of Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles, Saa Bernardino, and San Diego,
in the State of California, are hereby detached
from the collection district of San Francisco ;
and all the territory, ports, harbors, rivers, and
waters of said counties shall constitute a col-
lection district by the name of the San Diego
district; and the city of San Diego, oil the
bay of San Diego, is hereby established as the
sole port of entry for said district; and the
President of the United States, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, shall
appoint a collector, to reside at said port, whose
compensation shall be $3,000 per annum.
The second section provides that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall have power to
appoint such inspectors, weighers, gaugers,
measurers, and other officers as maybeneees-
bary for the collection of the revenue at said
port; and the collector of said port may, with
the approbation of said Secretary, appoint
inspectors, whose compensation shall be $1,000
each per annum, for each of the ports of San
Pedro and Santa Barbara, which shall continue
to be ports of delivery.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 wish to make a single
statement. I have a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury in reference to sim-
ilar offices which have been established. We
have established already ports of delivery,
which have been in operation for now nearly
a year, the salaries being paid to the officers,
and so far not one single dollar has been re-
ceived by the Government, as not one single
dollar's worth of foreign merchandise has been
imported. That statement is true in reference
to Memphis in Tennessee, and Evansville in my
own State. I therefore object to the passage
of this bill.
Mr. NEGLEY. That statement has no ref-
erence whatever to this bill. San Diego is
far distant from San B'rancisco, and there is
now an appraiser stationed there at a salary ;
and if this bill be passed it will not make any
very great increase of salaries.
Mr. RANDALL. I should like to know
what duties were collected last year in this
district which would induce us to establish
there all these officers at salaries.
Mr. NEGLEY. There is an appraiser there
now.
The rules were not suspended, (two thirds
not voting in favor thereof,) and the bill was
not passed.
POKT OF DKLIVKLty AI LA CROSSE.
Mr. SAWYER. I have been directed by
the Committee on Commerce to report back,
with the recommendation that it do pass, a
bill (H. R. No. 862) to create a port of de-
livei-y at La Crosse, in Wisconsin, and to pro-
vide for a surveyor of customs thereat. I
now move to suspend the rules and pass the
bill.
The bill, which was read, provides that La
Crosse, in the county of La Crosse and State
of Wisconsin, be constituted a port of delivery
within the collection district of New Orleans,
and there shall be appointed a surveyor of
customs for said port, who shall perform the
duties of such office and receive the compen-
sation of $1,200 per annum as salary.
Mr. RANDALL. This is what I suppose
they call civil service reform on the other
side: creating new offices for which there is
not the least necessity.
The rules were not suspended, and the bill
was not passed.
ORDER Of BUSINESS.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to take a
recess until three o'clock.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
67, noes 73.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw my
motion.
Mr. STEVENSON. I suggest that we take
a recess until two o'clock.
Mr. CONGER. I hope we will sit here
and take up and consider the business of the
session.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not object
to taking a recess until two o'clock.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Oh, no. I hope wa
will have a recess until four o'clock.
Mr. SPEER,- of Georgia. I move that we
take a recess until half past seven o'clock this
evening.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The question recurs
on my motion that we take a recess until half
past four o'clock this afternoon.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
55, noes 72.
Mr. FARNSWORTH demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. POLAND. I move to suspend the
rules to pass to a bill which I have been
instructed by the Committee on the Revision
of the Laws to report with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
The SPEAKER. After this the Chair will
proceed to execute the order of the House of
yesterday, to consider the business on the
Speaker's table in regular order under the
two-thirds rule.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to every-
thing not in order.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman ob-
ject to the gentleman from Vermont?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to every-
thing except the regular order.
Mr. POLAND. I ask that the bill be
reported as a matter of great consequence to
the people of California.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to every-
thing not in regular order.
Mr. POLAND. Have I not the right to
move to suspend the rules?
The SPEAKER. The House is now acting
under a suspension of the rules, but the Chair
will recognize the gentleman when the House
gets through the business on the Speaker's
table.
sam of coal lands.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 522) to provide for the
sale of lands of the United States containing
coal.
The bill was read in part.
Mr. HOLMAN. There has been enough
of this bill read to indicate its character. It
is a measure of such general importance that
it ought certainly to go to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
Mr. NEGLEY. It should be referred to the
Committee on Mines and Mining.
Mr. STEVENSON. The Committee on the
Public Lands have considered this-bill, and
have authorized me to offer a substitute for it,
and ask its passage.
Mr. NEGLEY. It should also be considered
by the Committee on Mines and Mining.
Mr. SARGENT. If there is anything the
Committee on Mines and Mining does not
understand it is mines and mining. [Laughter. ]
I object to the bill going to that committee.
Mr. NEGLEY. The gentleman owes an
apology to his colleagues oti the committee
for making such a statement.
Mr. SARGENT. I owe none to you.
Mr. NEGLEY. Then you owe it to your-
self.
Mr. HOLMAN. I again ask that the bill
shall go to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
Mr. SARGENT. It has been already con-
sidered there.
Mr. HOLMAN. We should have more time
to consider a bill of this importance lhau we
can have on a motion to suspend the rules.
The substitute, I believe, has not been printed.
Ihe substitute was read.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I desire to offer an amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] yield tor au amend'
ment?
