1444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March
speech here from the Republican side of the
House. This applause proceeds on the prin-
ciple, I suppose, on which the artist received
credit for making a wonderful painting. The
painter, although his work was a wretclied daub,
was applauded because he painted it with his
toes. On that principle the speech was ap-
plauded. There was nothing in it except a little
diatribe against a member here who had not
offended him, but had complimented him. He
was notpresent when I spoke, and therefore I
extend to him thatexcuse. I applauded the col-
ored members of this House for their gentle-
ness, modesty, and courtesy, (with one excep-
tion, perhaps.) This was illustrated when the
amnesty bill was under consideration. I under-
took to make a compliment to the colored mem-
bers; I did not expect to draw out the colored
member to make this sort of philippic against
me; I paid a cooipHment to his race and to its
members here. I said, l'I like to hear them
speak in favor of their own race." I would
rather hear thom speak than hear these white
men speak, who are simply after their votes.
[Laughter.] They are much more like Rep-
resentatives. And after what I said has been
done in New York through the agency of my
friend and myself with reference to the colored
people, I did not expect to see the Republican
side of the House hound on this person to
make this attack on me.
A Member. It did not hurt anybody.
Mr. COX. No, it did not hurt anybody,
and they had to call upon my venerable friend
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] "the heavy
father of the House," who ran a parallel be-
tween his course and my own for many years
past in order to rescue the colored .brother.
The gentleman does not know, perhaps, that I
did as much to carry the amendment abolish-
ing slavery as anybody.
Mr. DAWES. No, I did not. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. If you had read Mr. Seward's
speech,"and the letter from Mr. Lincoln, you
would have known the reason; they havo
already been published in a book 
Mr. DAWKS. Allow me a word.
Mr. COX. I do not care to go into that
matter now. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. How did you vote ?
Mr. COX. I say I do not care to go into
that now. [Laughter.] The gentleman knows
very well from old associations here that I was
almost the first to vindicate the colored people.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman please
say how he did vote ?
Mr. COX. Not just now.
Mr. DAWES. For the amendment or
against it7
Mr. COX. I will tell the gentleman before
I get through.
Mr. DAWES. I am afraid you will forget
it. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. I never forget anything you
prompt me to do, for I always get even with
you, if I do not with one of your colored
brethren. [Great laughter.] I do not under-
take to discuss what my vote was or ought to
have been on that question. The gentleman
knows very well that ho and Mr. Washburne,
of Illinois, kept a little book of mine in their
desks for eight long years to use on all occa-
sions against me, a book written when I was
fresh from college, and was traveling in the
Old World, whicfieontains passages in tavorof
the colored people in many regards, and was
written long before ho was in favor of allow-
ing them to vote.
I know we are progressing, but I know that
gentlemen on the other side of the House long
since and continually opposed negro suffrage,
negro soldiers, and all the amendments. W hy,
sir, I had a debate fifteen years ago with Joshua
R. Giddings, the time he foil over with an
apoplectic lit.
Mr. DAWES. You did not kill him, did
you? [Laughter,]
Mr. COX. He did not dio then, perhaps
unhappily for the country. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES.- I suppose you were for
negro suffrage and he against it. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. I want to say to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts that the Democratic
party for a long series of years here fought
his party, not for secession, not for State
rights, as he interprets it, but for local self-
government, as defined by the gentleman from.
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] in that famous speech
which 1 have referred to. He does not take
it back.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Not a bit of it.
Mr. COX. In that speech he distinctly
laid down the doctrine 
Mr. DAWES. Never mindabout that; tell
us about the voteon the amendment abolishing
slavery. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. One at a time ; I will come to
you again.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
in his speech last session against the suspen-
sion of the habeas corpus, and the outrages
committed on the white people of the South,
when in behalf of local self-government, he
said:
"No more beautiful thought was embodied in the
structure of our Republic than this, [laughter,]
that our fathers did so distribute the powers of Gov-
ernment that no one power should be able to swal-
low, absorb, or destroy the other. In this distri-
bution it is provided that many, indeed most of the
functions of Government, shall be exercised imme-
diately under the eyes of the people themselves."
In all our contests in those direful days I
was a Douglas man. I sustained the war
when unhappily it came. I sustained dur-
ing the war all that Douglas sustained and
Union and liberty demanded. I sustained
all tho compromises antecedent to the war,
in order to preserve this Union. I did it
upon the principle laid down by the eloquent
and intelligent gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfield.] I speak of a principle; and a
principle never laid down by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] 1 heard
him speak otherwise the other day. He
glorified consolidation; he hurrahed for cen-
tralization. He is a federalist and only not a
monarchist. The other gentleman is tending
toward democracy as we understand it; yet
they now sit here working together to put
fetters on white men, to discard the writ of
habeas corpus, and to give $3,000,000 a year
to break down white men by a suspension
of habeas corpus, and martial law.
There they sit together, [Mr. Dawes, and
Mr. Garfield, of Ohio.] They pretend that
the Republican party is concordant. They
think it will be successful. The people have
an idea about you, sirs. The gentleman from
Ohio speaks one way and votes another on
public and personal liberty. The gentleman
from Massachusetts speaks here against cor-
ruption, and then goes up to Massachusetts or
Now Hampshire or somewhere and cries out
"all ispure." He said he had been all around
tho Departments and found them all extrava-
gant and corrupt from the President down;
and then rushes off to glorify the economy of
President Grant as the great "I am" of this
country, and all the Departments ! Oh, you
are a beautiful brace of brothers, you are.
[Laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I want to call the attention
of my friend from New York [Mr. Cos] to
two things ; the first is that which I told him
I was afraidi he would forget, that is, how he
voted on these several measures that freed the
black man from bondage. I want to know
first if he voted to emancipate the slaves in
the District of Columbia. Then I want to
know if he did not vote against giving them
the rights of citizens. I want to know if
any one of these great measures, that planted
the. rights of the black man among the bul-
warks of the Constitution, ever received his
support at all.
And now the gentleman talks about central-
ization and about the suspension of the writ
of habeas corpus. The law he cries out
against is here before me. I will read him a
section of it, and ask him to tell me what there
is in that section that he dares get up here
and denounce ?
" Sue. 3. That in all eases where insurrection,
domestic violence, unlawful combinations, or con-
spiracies in any State shall so obstruct or hinder
the execution of the laws thereof, and of the United
States, as to deprive any portion or class of the peo-
ple of such State of any of tho rights, privileges, or
immunities, or protection named in the Constitu-
tion, and secured by this act; and the constituted
authorities of such State shall either be unable to
protect, or shall, from any cause, fail in or refuse
protection of the people in such rights, such facts
3hall be deemed a denial by such State of equal pro-
tection of the laws to whioh they aro entitled under
tho Constitution of the United States: and in all
such cases, or whenever any such insurrection, vio-
lence, unlawful combination, or conspiracy shall
oppose or obstruct the laws of the United States or
the due execution thereof, or impede or obstruct
the due course of justice under the same, it shall bo
lawful for the President, and it shall be his duty to
take such measures, by the employment of the mi-
litia or tho land and naval forces of the United
States, or of either, or by other means, as he may
deem necessary for the suppression of such insurrec-
tion, domestic violence, or combinations ; and any
person who shall be arrested under tho provisions
of this and the preceding section shall be delivered
to tho marshal of the proper district, to bo dealt
with according to law."
The complaint of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] is against the healthy pro-
visions of that statute; against that law alone
is his diatribe directed to-day. Now, I ask
him to take that section and point out to us
which one of its provisions he is unwilling to
see enforced in this Republic after he has told
us how he voted on the propositions I have
indicated.
Mr. COX. -I wish to say a word in reply
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes.]
Tho CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Niblack] yield further?
Mr. NIBLACK. I will yield for a few mo-
ments.
Mr. COX. I refer tho gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to my friend from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] for a discussion of the subject to which
he has referred ; and when they get through
with it I can answer the gentleman.
Mr. DAWES. I will hand to the gentle-
man the Globe containing the record of his
vote on the thirteenth amendment emancipat-
ing the slaves. Will the gentleman read it to
the House?
Mr. COX. Did I say that I voted for that
amendment?
Mr. DAWES. No ; the gentleman will not
tell how he voted.
Mr. COX. I will not tell on compulsion.
I am like Falstaff in that respect, and would
not give a reason on compulsion, if reasons
were as thick as blackberries. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. I will state to the House
that the gentleman's name is recorded against
that holy provision of the Constitution. In
view of that fact he may claim till doomsday
to be the especial friend of the black man, anil
he will get from the members of that race
the same reply that he received so fittingly
this afternoon from the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Rainey.]
Mr. COX. Mr. Seward, in an address at
Auburn, said that I was one of the Democratic
party, including Mr. Hendricks of Indiana,
Governor English of Connecticut, and others,
who carried the thirteenth amendment. It
required two thirds. I did not vote for it. I
promised Mr. Lincoln (and his partner, Mr.
Stewart, from the Springfield district, Illinois,
then a member of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, was with me at the time of the inter-
view,) that I would vote for that amendment
if the President would undertake to send some-
body down to Richmond and endeavor to secure
an agreement on the part of the leaders of the
confederacy to come back on the basis of the
Constitution and the Union. I did this, so help
me God, to stop the shedding of human blood.
Mr. Lincoln sent down, as will be remem-
bered, Mr. Blair.
