2840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
to be the privilege of the people, and not of
the members of this House or of the officers
of the Government, I propose to offer an
amendment to this bill which shall except
from its operations petitions to Congress and
also the distribution of such public docu-
ments as may be published by Congress or
procured by its order for the dissemination
among the people, and such as are calculated
to give the utmost publicity to the proceedings
and action of the Government. The effect of
my amendment will be to cut off the exercise
of the privilege by officers 0/ the Government
and the members of Congress for their own
benefit, out of which have grown the abuses
which has caused this whole system to be re-
garded with disfavor. I ask the Clerk to read
the amendment.
Mr. HILL. I have no objection to have the
amendment read, but I cannot admit it.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Amend section one by adding thereto the follow-
ing:
Provided, That this act shall not apply to or pro-
hibit the sending or receiving through the mails,
free of charge, petitions to Congress and such docu-
ments, publications, and books as have been or may
be published, procured, or purchased by order of
either House of Congress, or on a joint resolution
of the two Houses thereot.
Mr. HILL. I must decline to admit that
amendment. I now yield for ten minutes to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Potter.]
Mr. POT I'ER. Those of us who were mem-
bers of the Forty-First Congress 
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege. I wish to have sufficient
order restored so that I may have the pleasure
of hearing the gentleman from New York.
The SPEAKER. That is not, aquestion of
privilege, but, a question of order, and if the
gentleman from Georgia is very desirous of
hearing the gentleman from New York, the
Chair would suggest that he sit nearer to him,
for it is impossible for the Chair to keep suffi-
cient order for the gentleman to hear him at
so great a distance.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, those who
were members of the Forty-First Congress will
remember that this measure was twice before
the House in that Congress, and that, twice
before to-day a very large majority of this
House resolved to abolish the franking priv-
ilege, but no law of Congress has ever fol-
lowed the action of this House in that regard.
The lneas'ire 011 each occasion went to the
Senate and died in the Senate. And why?
Because a naked enactment to abolish the
franking privilege is of itself an impracticable
measure. From the very nature of things
there is and must always be a large amount
of matter sent through the mailsby officers and
servants of the Government on the business of
the Government, which should therefore be
sent at the expense of the Government.
On both occasions, in the Forty-First Con-
gress, and now again for the third time in this
Congress, the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads have recommended a bill abolish
ing the_ franking privilege, and have accom-
panied it, with no substitute whatever for con-
veying the matter which must be conveyed at
the expense of the Government. Indeed I
might say, judging from their action in this
regard, that the committee did not intend that
the franking privilege should be abolished.
When the Postmaster General urged upon the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
in the Forty-First Congress the abolition of
the franking privilege, he urged also the sub-
stitution of another method for carrying the
mail matter of the Government. But the com-
mittee then reported a naked bill for abolish-
ing the franking privilege, and they omitted
then, as they now omit, to substitute any other
method, either that which the Postmaster
Geneial suggested or any other method what-
ever, by which the Government mail matter
could be carried. And the reason given by
the chairman of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads [Mr. FarnsworthJ on
that occasion for the omission wag that he
desired, by abalishing the franking privilege,
to make the sending of public documents so
onerous that they should no more be sent by
members, and therefore should no more be
published by Congress. I hold in my hand his
remarks on that occasion. It is because I de-
sire to see the franking privilege abolished,
because I desire to see some practical substi-
tute for it made operative, that I propose, if
the opportunity be offered me, to ask that this
bill be amended by the addition of the two
sections which I send to the Clerk's desk to be
read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. —. That there shall be prepared and issued
by the Post Office Departmeht to the President of
the United States, to each head of Department, and
to the Clerk of the Senate and the Clerk of the House
of Representatives, proper stamping-machines,
which machines shall print or impress the name of
the .Depart mentor office using the same, respectively,
and the nature of the matter to be sent thereunder,
(as " Department of the Interior, Agricultural Re-
port," " Executive Office, President's Message," and
the like.) and the dateor other proper device, as the
Postmaster General may direct, which stamps shall
be used by the Department or officer to whom the
same may be issued, respectively, only for the pur-
pose of stamping all books, documents, and other
official matter issued from such Department or office,
respectively, including in the use of the same,
by the Secretary of the Senate and Clerk of the
House of Representatives, all reports and speeches
made in their respective Houses. And such stamp-
ing-machines shall be used lor no other purposes
than as aforesaid, and all matter so stamped shall
thereupon pass through the mails without requiring
further stamps or charge, and the postage upon all
books, papers, documents, correspondence, and other
public matter so stamped shall be charged by the
Post Office Department to the Department or office
issuing the same, respectively, and the amount so
charged shall be defrayed by such Department and
officers out of appropriations to be made therefor by
Congress as part of the incidental expenses of the
Government.
Sec. —. That any person who shall forge or coun-
terfeit any such official postage stamp or stamping-
machine, or who shall counterfeit any die or plate
thereior. or who shall make or print,, or knowingly
use or sell, or have in his possession with mtedt to
use or sell any such false, forged, or counterfeit die-
plate, stamp, or stamping-maehine, or any paper,
wrapper, or envelope stamped by any false, forged,
or counterfeit die-plate, postage stamp, or stamp-
ing-machine, or who shall authorize or procure to
be made any such official die-plate, stamp, or stamp-
ing-ma.ehine, without the special direction of the
Post Office Department, or who, after the same have
been prepared, shall, with intent to defraud the
revenue of the Post Office Department, deliver any
such official dies, plates, stamps, or staniping-ma-
chines to any person or persons other than such as
shall be authorized to receive the same by instru-
ment of writing duly executed under the hand of
the Postmaster General and the seal of the Post
Office Department, shall, on conviction thereof, be
deemed guilty of felony, and be punished by a fine
not exceeding $500, or by imprisonment not exceed-
ing five years, or by both such fine and imprison-
ment.
Mr. HILL. I do not consent that that
amendment shall be offered.
Mr. POTTER. There goes every day from
every Department of this Government neces
sarily a large amount of matter counected
with the business of the Government. By the
law as proposed by the gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr. Hill] no provision whatever is
made for paying the postage upon the matter
of these Departments. The postage on the
matter of one of these Departments would
amount to, I presume, from three to twenty
times the salary of the head of the Depart-
ment. It cannot, therefore, possibly be sent
at his expense. Yet the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads come here and
ask us to leave the Departments without any
means whatever for sending that matter. Of
course such legislation is preposterous, and it
was felt to be preposterous by the House on a
former occasion, I think, and was expected
when it got to the Senate to die there, as this
bill, unless made a practical measure of legis-
lation, when it goes to the Senate will die
there. We have twice before had this bun-
combe performance, if I may so style it, of a
naked bill for abolishing the franking priv-
ilege without any provision for sending the
mail matter of the Departments; and of
course it came to nothing in the Senate, as it
will again if again repeated.
Mr. HALE. Why did not the Senate amend
it?
Mr. POTTER. Because they could not
suppose from our action we were in earnest in
seeking to abolish the franking privilege.
Now, the suggestion that I shall offer, if I get
the opportunity, is that in the place of a writ-
ten frank the Post Office Department shall
furnish to each Department of the Govern-
ment, and also to the Clerk of the House and
the Secretary of the Senate, a machine which
shall impress upon all communications and
documents a mark to indicate its nature and
the date, and that then it shall go free through
the mail. The Postmaster General will then,
by simply weighing the matter so sent, have
an opportunity to keep at small expense aij
account of the matter sent at Government cost,
and obtain the credit due his Department there-
for by charging up against each Department
the amount of postage thus due from it, and
to be paid as part of its incidental expenses.
And we shall then have, as we now have, all
our documents and speeches, as well as all
other matter issued by the Government, sent
at the expense of the Government. The pub-
lic documents, if this plan prevails, will be
issued to us with a stamp to be prescribed by
the Postmaster General, somewhat different
from the stamp now on them, stating the
character of the document, and upon that
stamp they will go through the mails without
further charge or any franking of ours.
That very simple plan, which is somewhat like,
but an improvement, I think, on that now in
operation in Great Britain, where the frank has
been wholly abolished, will relieve us from
the necessity, which is an annoyance and em-
barrassment to me, and I think to every Rep-
resentative, of writing our names as fratiks a
great many thousand times ever}' session, and
will furnish the Post Office Department the
protection it desires. I am authorized by the
Postmaster General to say that my suggestion
meets his approbation, and 1 am also author-
ized by the chairman of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads [Mr. Farns-
worth] to say it would meet his support if
he were now here.
I trust, therefore, that we shall have some
amendment added to this bill such as I have
suggested, which will make it a practical meas-
ure, so that when it goes to the Senate it may
be passed there, and the country may be realty
relieved of the abuses of the franking privilege.
For what the people complain of, I think, is
not that really public matter is sent at the
expense of the Government, but that the sys-
tem of franking in which we persist is a system
open to abuses, and which may be readily used
to send free through the mails all sorts of things
which ought not to pass free. The fact, that
the system is open to various abuses is what
the people object to—not that matter really offi-
cial is sent at the expense of the Government.
Let us, therefore, adoptsome practical Jpgis-
lationon this subject. Let. us have some amend-
ment under which matter relating to the busi-
ness of the Government may be sent through
the_ mails at the expense of the Government,
while the existing abuses of the'franking privi-
lege shall be put an end to.
Mr. HILL. I now yield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bctler.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, if I consulted merely my own con-
venience and comlort, I should very much
desire the abolition of the franking privilege.
I have a constituency the majority of whom
know how to read and write.
Mr. HOAR and Mr. PETERS. All of them.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Well, I
speak within bounds. I have a document list
embracing something more than ten thousand
persons; so that it is a very great burden to
forward documents to all these people, to say
nothing of the printing of speeches in pamphlet
form.
