548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
committee of the House and of the Senate,
entitled the Committee on Appropriations,
makes, I undertake to say, a more thorough
and critical examination than has been possi-
ble heretofore by the Committee of Ways and
Means or by the Finance Committee.
Now, Mr. President, like the distinguished
chairman of the Committee on Finance, I vote
for this measure as a business proposition. It
has been frequently stated by a great number
of Senators on all sides of the Chamber that
if a day was fixed we should work up to it. I
acknowledge that it is an experiment, but I am
willing to try it, for one, and I do not appre-
hend the least danger as to any termination of
this session before all the legitimate business
of the session shall be thoroughly considered
and decided upon. If indeed there should be
a factious purpose on the part of any party or
any portion of either body, it can be easily cir-
cumvented by the President calling us in extra
session the next day after the adjournment. I
therefore, for one, am ready to vote for this
resolution now, believing that all the necessary
legislation will be gotten through with by the
time specified, and that we may prevent at least
some illegitimate legislation.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, it seems
to me there is unnecessary feeling on the
part of some members of this body on the
question of civil service reform. I do not
think we need be delayed in our adjournment
on account of civil service reform. Some
members of this body here present will re-
member that in 1861, wheu the Republican
party came into power, nearly every employ^
of this Government was a traitor to his Gov-
ernment, and the Republican party went to
work and reformed it of those traitors and
put in loyal men. That was a good step in
civil service reform.
Then, sir, there are many here present who
will remember that when Andrew Johnson
became President of the United States, it was
very difficult for him to find an honest man 111
any party who would profess to be a Johnson
man, and he was almost driven by the neces-
sity of the case, if he would have supporters
of his administration, to take scoundrels, and
he took them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan will please pause at this point. The
morning hour has expired, and the unfinished
business ofyesterday is before the Senate, being
the bill (E. R. No, 380) for the removal of
legal and political disabilities, the pending
question being on the motion of the Senator
trom South Carolina, [Mr. Robertson,] to post-
pone it and all other orders and to take up
another amnesty bill, on which the Senator
from Maine [Mr. Morrill'] is entitled to the
floor,
Mr. CONKLING. I hope the Senator from
Miqhigan will be allowed to complete his re-
marks.
Mr. CHANDLER. I can finish my remarks
at any other time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no Senator
claims the floor, the Senator from Michigan can
proceed until the regular order is insisted on.
Mr, ROBERTSON, I call for the regular
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The call for the
regular order supersedes the questions on which
the Senator from Michigan was speaking.
Mr. CHANDLER. I shall have something
more to say, I give notice, on civil service
reform.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
be entitled to the floor on this precise amend-
ment, to tne amendment when the resolution
shall be again resumed by the Senate, being
the amendment to the amendment offered by
the Senator from Missouri, which includes
civil service reform and the subject of taxation.
The Senator from Maine is now entitled to the
floor on the unfinished business of yesterday.
message from the house
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had passed a bill
(H. R. No. 1016) to promote the development
of the mining resources of the United States ;
in which i' requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 1062) to admit cer-
tain machinery imported from foreign coun-
tries free of duty, asked a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. Horace Maynard of
Tennessee, Mr. M. C. Kerr of Indiana, and
Mr. Liomel A. Sheldon of Louisiana, as
managers at the conference on its part.
enrolled bill signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (H. R. No. 1051) to change the times for
holding circuit and district courts of the Uni-
ted States for the western district of Virginia;
and it was thereupon signed by the Vice Pres-
ident.
importation of machinery.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the Senate
proceeded to consider its amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 1062) to admit certain machin-
ery imported from foreign countries free of
duty, disagreed to by the House of Represent-
atives; and
Oil motion of Mr. SHERMAN, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
pap15ks withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Abby
Snelling Claflin be withdrawn from the files of the
Senate and referred to the Committee on Peasions.
change of reference.
Mr. RAMSEY. Yesterday a memorial was
presented by the Senator from Nebraska, [Mr.
Tipton,] asking for the establishment of a
post office at a certain place in Platte county,
in that State. As the law confers t,he entire
jurisdiction over that matter on the Postmaster
General, I ask that the committee be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and
that the memorial be transmitted to the Post-
master General.
The report was agreed to.
chicago fire.
Mr. LOGAN. If the Senator from Maine,
who is entitled to the floor on the regular
order, will yield for a moment, I should like to
ask unanimous consent to lay aside the regular
order temporarily until I can call up the bill
I have mentioned so frequently, for the relief
of Chicago.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Illinois asks that the pending business be in-
formally passed over to take up, subject to a
demand for the regular order, the bill for the
relief of Chicago. Is there objection ? There
is none. Any Senator can demand the regu-
lar order an t call up the amnesty bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 555) for the relief of sufferers by fire at
Chicago.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have several amend-
ments that I desire to offer to this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Morrill]
is now pending, being an amendment to the
amendment reported by the Committee on
Finance,
Mr. CHANDLER. I will not offer my
amendments now. I can make my remarks
on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont, as I shall vote for that amendment.
I presume, Mr. President, that theio is not
a single member of this body who desires to
do an injustice eitherto any community or any
individual. As I remarked yesterday, there
was during the fearful conflagrations of last
fall great suffering in Michigan and in Wiscon-
sin, and considerable in Minnesota. Whole
counties were almost depopulated during those
terrible fires. In two counties in Michigan,
sparsely populated, out of seventeen hundred
houses but seventy six were left standing. In
other words, there were sixteen hundred and
twenty-four houses out of seventeen hundred
in those two counties destroyed by those fires.
And in addition to the loss of property, which
was absolute and complete, those fires traveled
with thespeed almost of a railroad train ; whole
families and whole villages in some instances
were depopulated by this devouring element,
and where the people saved their lives, every-
thing else was destroyed. Families were
aroused by a roaring sound in the night time,
had barely time to leave their beds and flee for
their lives; and their houses, their barns, their
crops, their household furniture, their farming
utensils, their mills, everything was entirely
destroyed, literally destroyed, even to the live
animals, horses, cattle, hogs, sheep, and poul-
try. Everything was destroyed in this frightful
march of lire.
And, Mr. President, after these fires had
ceased raging there were hundreds of individ-
uals found dead in the woods, who had been
overtaken and their lives destroyed by this
devouring element. After the fires we furnished
such reliei'as we could instantaneously ; but we
were obliged to send men and teams through
the woods hunting up the sufferers and carry-
ing provisions to save the lives of those suffer-
ers; and I myself have seen women and chil-
dren, with their male protectors, left by the
flames with scarce clothing enough to cover
their naked limbs, and with nothing to eat.
Of course these were immediately relieved.
All the world has been liberal to us, as it has
been to Chicago. All the world has contrib-
uted to our sufferers. We have gone on and
built them buildings, furnished them with farm-
ing utensils, furnished them with household
furniture, bought them glass to put in their
buildings, and have done what we could to
make this army of sufferers as comfortable as
it was possible during this inclement winter.
Now, if you propose a measure of relief to
Chicago, I want that same measure of relief
extended to these other sufferers. It matters not
whether there are a hundred thousand suffer-
ers in one place and a thousand in another; it
matters not in principle that the hundred thou-
sand were aggregated together ; let the same
benevolent aid be extended to the thousand
that you extend to the hundred thousand ; and
if you grant this aid and relief to the sufferers
in Chicago, grant the same measure of aid and
relief to the greater sufferers in Michigan and
Wisconsin.
Mr. President, there is another point to
which I wish to call the attention of the Senate,
for I am sure, as I said before, that the Sen-
ate will not willingly do an injustice. All these
fires in the three States of Wisconsin, Mich-
igan and Minnesota occurred in the lumber
regions of those States, and it is lumbermen
and their employes who have suffered these
terrific losses. The lumberman purchases first
his land, then he invests large sums in his
mills, and then he is obliged to put up a small
village to accommodate his laborers. These
villages, some ot them containing seven hun-
dred houses, were utterly destioved, the mills
and everything pertaining to them were utterly
destroyed ; the laborers were scattered. Then,
in addition to all that, these lands were devas-
tated, the life of the pine trees upon them was
destroyed; and these lumbermen, having been
