V
3236
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
from an intelligent and honorable manufac-
turer of salt in my own district.
The Clerk read as follows :
44 You ask me what effect will be produced upon
the salt interest at Syracuse by the adoption of the
Ways and Means amendment reducing salt to eight
and twelve cents. I answer:
" Under the present duty of eighteen and twenty-
four, we produce eighty-five hundred thousand
bushels annually, and send our salt to nearly
all the markets on the sea-board, where we keep up
asharp competion with foreign salt, xor the past
year we have not been able to pay seven per cent,
interest upon the investment, because we had three
million bushels of salt unsold on the 1st of January
1 as t
" If the duty is redueed to eight cents, we should
be obliged to retire from all the markets on the
sea-hoard and in the interior, except for one or two
hundred miles in the vicinity of our works. Wo
could not find a market in that territory for more
than one million bushels of salt, and consequently
the manufacture would full off with us at least seven
"If salt should bo placed on the free list, or below
eight cents, we should be compelled to stop en-
tirely, us we could not compete anywhere in the
United States with foreign salt."
Mr. DUELL. That is not only the evidence
furnished by the manufacturers of salt who
have addressed letters to members of this
House, but it is the sworn evidence given to
the Committee of Ways and Means while this
subject was under investigation before that
committee. And I can say, Mr. Chairman,
from personal knowledge of the subject, that
the statement contained in that letter is true,
and that if the amendment of the committee
upon this subject is carried and adopted the
salt-producing interests of this country must
be destroyed and crushed out.
If, therefore, it is of any importance t.o the
people of the United States that salt should
be produced here in our own country, I appeal
to members to vote down this amendment of
the committee, and to make the duty twelve
cents in accordance with my amendment. That
reduces the present duty thirty-three and a
half per cent. Let the reduction be gradual,
if it is to be mado at all.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The time allowed by
the House for debato upon the paragraphs
relating to salt has expired. The question
will first be on the amendment of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Dukli-,] which
the Cleilc will read.
The Clerk road as follows :
In line thirteen strike out the word eight" and
insert, the word " twulvo;" so that it will read, "on
salt in bulk, twelvo cents per ono hundred pounds."
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes 34, noes 84 ; no quorum voting.
The Chair, under the rule, ordered tell-
ers; and Mr. Duisll and Mr. Farnsworth
were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
lers reported—-ayes 44, noes 90.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The next amendment
is that offered by I he gentleman from Michi-
gan, [Mr. CoifGKR,] which the Clerk will read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Amend the paragraph so that it will road, "on
rock salt and salt in bulk, twolvo coats per one
hundred pounds."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. DUELL. I move to amend the para-
graph by striking out the word "eight" and
inserting in lieu thereof the word "ten."
The question being taken on the amendment,
it was disagreed to—ayes 45, noes 95.
Mr. MelNTYRE. I offer the following
amendment:
Sirike out these words: "eight oents per one hun-
dred pounds," and insert the following: "no duty
shall bo collected;" so it will read, "on salt in bulk
no duty shall bo collected."
Mr. CONGER. I raise the point of order
that that amendment is not germane.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, for the reason that there is a
free list in this bill; and the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. McIntyre] will have an oppor-
tunity to offer an amendment to that free list
when it is reached. The motion the gentle-
man formerly indicated, to strike out the para-
graph, was the correct one; and if that mo-
tion be agreed to when the free list is reached,
it will be in order for him to move to insert
salt as one of the articles.
Mr. MelNTYRE. If the Chair will recog-
nize me for that purpose.
The CHAIRMAN. Of course every mem-
ber will have an opportunity to move amend-
ments.
Mr. MelNTYRE. Then I will renew my
motion to strike out the paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is in
order.
Mr. CONGER. I move that the committee
now rise.
Mr. DAWES. I hope not.
Mr. CONGER. I think we have gone far
enough in this matter.
Mr. DAWES. I do not think the Commit-
tee of the Whole will strike out this para-
graph ; I think it will leave it just where it is.
Mr. CONGER. At the request of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means,
[Mr. Dawes,] I withdraw my motion that the
committee rise.
The question was taken upon the motion
to strike out; and upon a division there were—
aye8 53, noes 69.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. YOUNG called for tellers.
The question was taken upon ordering tell-
ers ; and there were eleven in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
Accordingly, the motion to strike out was
not agreed to.
The Clerk read the following :
On salt, in bags, sacks, barrels, or other packages,
twelve oents per one hundred pounds.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend that paragraph by adding thereto
the following:
Provided, That salt actually used in the preserving
or curing of fish shall be admitted froo of duty, un-
der such regulations as the Socrotaryof the'i'reasury
shall prescribe.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend
the amendment by inserting after the word
"fish" the words "butter and meats of all
kinds."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. My
amendment is merely to correct ati error in
the law ; that is all.
Mr. DUKE. Is it in order to move to
further amend by inserting the words "or to
be used as a fertilizer?"
The CHAIRMAN. It is not; no further
amendment is in order.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment to the amendment; and upon a division,
there were—ayes 77, noes 55.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. DAWES called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Hoar and
Mr. Farnsworth were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 68, noes 65.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The question was upon the amendment as
amended.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I propose
now to withdraw my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot
withdraw it, the Committee of the Whole
having amended it.
Mr. MelNTYRE. I move to further amend
by inserting the words "and for all other pur-
poses."
Mr. CONGER. I raise the same point of
order that I did upon the former amendment
of the gentleman.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. DUKE. I move to amend by inserting
" or as a fertilizer" after the amendment last
adopted.
Mr. CONGER. If I remember the book
on farming, Mr. Greeley nowhere recommends
the use of salt as a fertilizer. [Laughter.]
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Duke ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 75, noes 40; no quorum
voting. .
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Conger and
Mr. Duke were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 70, noes 53.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to further amend by adding the following:
Provided further, That all laws for collecting tho
duty on salt are hereby repealed.
Mr. DAWES. I raise a point of order on
this amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
propose to make salt free. I leave the duty as
it now is, but propose to repeal the law pro-
viding for its collection.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment as amended; and upon a division there
were—ayes 56, noes 73.
Before the result of this vote was announced,
Mr. DUKE called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered; and accord-
ingly the amendment, as amended, was not
agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
On bend or belting leather, and on Spanish or
other sole leather, fifteen per oent. ad valorem.
Mr. KELLEY. I move to strike out the
paragraph just read. The present duty upon
this article is but thirty-five per cent., being
below the average of our import duties. The
article is one of very large native production;
and I can see no reason why we should invite
competition from abroad by striking off sixty
per cent, of the existing duty. I would like
to hear from some of the friends of this bill
the reason why that should be done.
Mr. DAWES. The Committee of Ways and
Means gave a long hearing—I regret that I
am unable to remember whether the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] was
present or not—to the tanners and the dealers
in leather, one party seeking to have hides
free, and the other to arrange in conformity
with that proposition the duty upon leather.
These parties were heard together; they con-
ferred together; and they all agreed that if
hides should be free, this leather could be put
at fifteen per cent. After this hearing of those
interested in the question, especially from the
city of Philadelphia, the committee at their
suggestion fixed the duty at fifteen per cent.,
that being stated as all they would ask if hides
should be free; and in this bill hides are put
in the free list.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. KELLEY. I move then an amend-
ment to the amendment, to make the duty
thirty per cent, instead of thirty-five. I re-
member to have heard the delegations to
which the gentleman from Massachusetts
refers; and 1 remember that the assurance
given on all sides, was that the admission of
hides duty free would not affect the American
market for hides; that hides came in salted
and dried so that they could be useful only in
connection with certain kinds of sole leather.
Now, though we may have reduced the actual
cost of certain qualities of sole leather to the
extent of the duty upon salted or dried hides,
we make no change that will justify so large a
reduction of duty as this. Nor did I under-
stand from the representatives of shoemakers
and other users of leather that the admission
of dry or salted hides would affect the price
of leather generally. Therefore I withdraw
my second amendment and ask for a vote on
the first.
