1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1445
I intended, to vote for the thirteenth amend-
ment till I was advised that the condition
failed. The vote was about coming off, when
Mr. Ashley, of Ohio, who had charge of the
bill, sent me word that there was an arrange-
ment pending; that Messrs. Stephens, Hunter,
and, I think, Judge Campbell, had arrived at
General Grant's headquarters. A treaty was
in progress. Hearing this, I said, "Now I
cannot vote for this amendment, because there
is an agreement going on, and I prefer that
the vote be postponed for the present. If the
matter is pushed now I must vote against the
amendment." I voted in the interest of hu-
man life, but, as the sequel showed, I did not
forget human liberty.
Mr. Chairman, I did so want to stop the
shedding of blood. After vindicating in debate
our right to amend the Constitution (antagon-
izing Mr. Pendleton and agreeing with Mr.
Dawes and others) according to the prescribed
mode, I said in debate that slavery had already
been killed by the Army ; that it was riddled
with bullets, and might as well be buried.
Mr. DAWES, Was that the reason the
gentleman voted against the measure ?
Mr. COX. I had persuaded certain gentle-
men to vote for that bill—enough of them to
carry it. But I could not vote for it myself
under the circumstances. That is the whole
of that story.
The gentleman knows that I speak vera-
ciously. A fund of some seventy-five thou-
sand dollars was raised, it was said, to buy up
votes for that measure; and I understood that
$10,000 was put up for my vote. Happily I
escaped any reproach, for I did not vote for it,
bat against it.
Mr. DAWES. Now I would like the gen-
tleman to tell us to whom he was false;
whether to the men whom he persuaded to
vote for the measure, or to himself in voting
against it?
Mr. COX. I was false to neither. Never was
I false to any man. The gentleman knows that
I never had such a charge made against me.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to understand
the morality which justifies the gentleman in
persuading others to vote for a measure which
he could not vote for himself.
Mr. NIBLACK. I must resume the floor.
Mr. COX. No, sir; the gentleman from
Massachusetts cannot understand me; and he
makes a charge against me of infidelity to my
official oath and to my duty as a member 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is out
of order. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Niblack] resumes the floor, and is entitled to
proceed with his remarks.
Mr. DAWES. I did not wish to make any
personal imputation upon my friend from New
York. I take back anything that may have
seemed to warrant such a construction.
Mr. COX. I only wish to say 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is out
of order.
Mr. COX. "Why did you not call to order
the Ways and Means, [Mr. Dawes ;] that is,
ways that are mean? [Laughter.]
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Chairman, I regret
that my friend from New York [Mr. Cox] has
seen fit to assume so apologetic an attitude
before this House in this debate. For one, sir,
though I was not here when the thirteenth
amendment was voted upon by Congress, I
will say that if I had been here I should, un-
der the circumstances that then surrounded
the country, have voted against it. I have no
hesitation in so announcing. The Democratic
party of the country was against it, and so
history will record it. On that point I, as an
tumble member of the Democratic party, have
W apologies to make about it. If partisan
friendship to the colored race is to be the test,
if enfranchisement and the political relations
they now occupy in the country are to be
taken as a test of friendship, then, as a mem-
ber of the Democratic party, I will admit we
have not the ground for the friendship sought
for. On questions of humanity, on questions of
courtesy, on questions of personal kindness, I
think we might claim, perhaps, we have exer-
cised kindly feelings at some time, or have been
willing to do so as much as gentlemen of any
other party. But to attemptto assume weare the
champions of the black race on any of these
questions of enfranchisement and enforced
political equality is placing us in a false posi-
tion._ I protest against it, and I say this in
vindication of the truth of history.
_ In the remarks I made about this deficiency
bill I had no idea that slavery and all our re-
lations to the colored race would be brought
into this debate. I regret the debate has as-
sumed the shape it has. I could not permit
the opportunity to pass by, however, without
making some remarks definitive of my posi-
tion. Sir, I look forward to the time when
this shall cease to be an issue in the country.
I am willing to leave the question as to the
relative wisdom of the two parties on this
great issue to be vindicated by what is to
come in the future as well as by what is trans-
piring around us every day. It may be the
colored people will themselves, after awhile,
change their notions on some questions which
now so much excite them. But that they
should now, as a class, sympathize with the
Republican party instead of with us is per-
fectly natural and legitimate, and I, for one,
will not attempt to dissuade them from exer-
cising their untrammeled judgment on all these
Questions.
There are broad distinctions between us and
the other side of the House, however much
we may try to harmonize differences. The
Republican party seem, to act as if .constitu-
tional amendments and statutes enforcing legal
equality are all the colored people need. We
believe they first need other things much more
urgently. There are other broad differences
that the country ought to make a note of
affecting other interests. The events of last
year have demonstrated that our side cannot
steal and live, politically. Whenever one of
our men is caught in the act of stealing, when-
ever one of our party is found guilty of pecu-
lation under the Federal Government, orunder
any of the State governments, he has to go to
the wall, go down, crushed out of sight;
whereas the same events have shown that
gentlemen on the other side politically may
steal and yet live and receive nominations for
high offices, suffering, apparently, no loss of
prestige or power. There are a great many
other well-defined distinctions between this
and the other side of the House to which I
have not now time to allude.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman from
Indiana allude to those men in New York
who were sent back to the senate after they
had been eaught in extensive robberies of the
city of New York?
Mr. NIBLACK. I refer the gentleman, as
an instance, to the Republican senators whom
Mr. Tweed is said to have bought up to vote
for the charter under which these robberies
took place.
Mr. DAWES. And after he did it, still
your party reelected him to the New York
Legislature.
Mr. NIBLACK. The Republican senators
whom Tweed bought are still held in high favor
in the Republican party, while the Democrats
who were caught in his net are all in disgrace.
This but illustrates the marked difference there
is between us. I wish the country to under-
stand it. I intend to cast opprobrium upon no
gentleman personally, but merely allude to_ a
fact which has become a matter of current his-
tory. There is a moral, of course, to be drawn
from this condition of things, but I have not
the time to follow it out. It is a subject for
reflection, and I hope I have attracted atten-
tion to it. I cannot do more than announce
this extraordinary difference between the exist-
ing parties of the country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There are but
two minutes and a half remaining before the
time fixed for adjournment, and I ask the com-
mittee whether they will not allow the debate
to be closed ?
Mr. ELDREDGE. Gentlemen on that side
of the House have had ten, fifteen, and twenty
minutes each, and the gentleman from Indiana
should be allowed to go on and have the same
time. We want a detailed statement of what
all this expenditure is for.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have placed
already in the hands of the Clerk a detailed
statement of expenditures, which is ample and
satisfactory. The case so far as the gentle-
men on the other side of the House have de-
bated this clause has utterly broken down,
and they have carried the fight into general
politics. One of them has carried the war
into Africa, and we have seen what he has
got by doing so. I am willing cither that this
debate should go on, or that it should close, so
that we may put through this bill.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to say one word to him ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The hour of
half past four, when the House has resolved
to take a recess, having almost arrived, I
move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker,
having resumed the chair, Mr. Stevenson
reported that, pursuant to the order of the
House, the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consid-
eration the Union generally, and particularly
the bill (13. R. No. 1654) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the. appropria-
tions for the service of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1872, and for
former years, and for other purposes, and
had comc to no resolution thereon.
the japanese embassy.
Mr. WOOD. In the absence of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,]
chairman of the committee appointed to make
arrangements for the reception to-morrow of
the Japanese embassy, I am directed by the
committee to make a report.
The Clerk read the report of the committee,
as follows:
The southeast gallery, known as the ladies' gallery,
will bo reserved for the families of the President,
Vice President, members of the Cabinet, Senators,
and members of the House.
The diplomatic gallery will be reserved for tho
diplomatic corps exclusively. The other galleries
of the House, except the reporters' gallery, will bo
open to the public.
For the committee:
N. P. BANES, Chairman.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House to accept the report, and to order that
the arrangements be as recommended by tho
committee?
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair gives notice that
the embassy expect to be received promptly
at the hour indicated.
The hour of four o'clock and thirty minutes
p. m. having arrived, the House, pursuant to
order, took a recess until to-morrow (Wednes-
day) at cloven o'clock a. m.
MORNING SBSS10JN.
The rccess having expired, the Speaker (at
eleven o'clock a. in., Wednesday, March 6)
called the House to order.
Mr. COX. I move that the privileges of
the floor be extended to the ladies who are
present who have been unable to obtain ad-
mission to the galleries.
There was no objection, and it was so
ordered.
reception of the japanese embassy.
The Doorkeeper having ann®unced the pres-
ence of the committee of the House of Rep-
resentatives with the Japanese embassy, the
