550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
which the duty shall be taken, may result in
leaving out some material thing that may be
as important as any. We want itfor all build-
ing materials, so that combinations in reference
to brick, in reference to lumber, in reference
to lime, in reference to cement, paint, and
everything that goes into the materials that
construct a house shall not be able to impose
upon these people extravagant and extortion-
ate prices. That is the object, and nothing
more. I do not expect much materials to be
imported duty-free under this bill; that is not
the expectation ; but in the case of men who are
able to build a block of buildings in Chicago,
if the prices of materials are put up to such a
rate that they cannot afford to pay, then they
will be compelled to import from abroad, and
they will do it; but if this bill has the effect
to keep prices at their level, as they have
been kept, at which a fair profit has been
made and men have become rich from the
sale of these materials in Chicago, our build-
ers are willing to pay these prices, and if you
pass this bill they will have no more to pay.
That is the object and the only object there is
in it. The amount that will be imported will
be very limited, in my opinion. The amount
of revenues lost to the Government will be
very small, if we may judge from the expe-
rience of Portland, a port that received im-
portations. There the amount did not reach
$22,000 in all. If we take that as a guide in
estimating the importations that will go into
other cities suffering a like calamity, we shall
find that the importations will not be of such a
character as to seriously affect the Treasury of
the United States, or injure individuals either.
It will not affect the men who are manufactur-
ing these articles to any considerable extent,
if they will sell their articles at reasonable
prices, the same as they have been heretofore
sold to these people.
Sir, I hope that the Senate will come to a
direct vote on this bill. I have heretofore
alluded to the precedent of the Portland case
and to the appropriations Congress has made
heretofore to sufferers in-foreign lands as well
as our own, because time and again we have
extended the hand of liberality to foreign
nations when suffering, not such calamities as
this great city has suffered, but much less.
Now, if these precedents are not sufficient to
guide and govern you in doing an act of justice,
an act of right, an act proper in every respect,
vote the bill down and say that this question
shall not again arise in Congress ; but if these
precedents are sufficient to justify you vote for
the bill as it has been reported by the com-
mittee without the amendments designating
articles, then pass it and thereby do what is
designed to be a benefit to these people; other-
wise you will do that which will effect but an
injury.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. It was not my
intention, Mr. President, to utter a word on
this question, but to quietly cast my^ote in
favor of the bill which the Senator from Illi-
nois has submitted for the action of the Sen-
ate. During the debate, however, facts have
been stated and positions assumed which would
place me in an improper light, not only before
my State, but before the nation, unless I stated
precisely how 1 stand on this question.
Michigan thanks the Senator from Illinois
for his tribute to her conduct upon that occa-
sion. I return the tendered eomjsliment by
stating to the Senator from Illinois that I share
largely in the interest which he has manifested
for his constituents, and listened with satisfac-
tion to his vivid portrayal in his well-consid-
ered remarks submitted upon his bill in behalf
of relief for the city of Chicago. 1 believe, as
he stated, that Michigan showed her sympathy
substantially on that occasion. I desire, how-
ever, while receiving this tribute for doing her
duty, to state in this connection that as soon
as that proposition was made by Michigan,.in
the form of an amended resolution, and that
resolution adopted at the public meeting held
at Chicago, to which the Senator has justly
referred, it was faithfully abided by on the
part of that representative of Michigan while
it was actually repudiated by most of the deal-
ers of Chicago. I ask the Senator to explain
why, upon a proposition tendered by Michigan
forthe benefit of Chicago, those citizens of Chi-
cago should thus have repudiated a resolution
formally adopted by them in a mass meeting.
I state this not to reflect specially upon the
proposition now before the Senate, nor to antag-
onize the object of the Senator who represents
that city, but to vindicate the proposition pre-
sented on that occasion by Michigan, which
would have afforded more substantial benefit
to the city of Chicago than the measure which
the Senator now advocates.
I desire also to state that the plan presented
in the bill before us does not commend itself
to my judgment. I, however, admit that my
sympathies override my judgment. Taking
the precedent established in the case of Port-
land, and recognizing the national character
of Chicago, I preferred quietly to vote for this
bill which receives my hearty cooperation.
My choice was to vote upon it without any
other amendment; this, too, in the face of
the loss of a city near my own residence, that
of Holland, almost totally destroyed, and
also in the face of the partial loss of the city
of Manistee, to which my colleague has alluded,
nearly one third of which was destroyed. Con-
curring fully with the opinion stated by my col-
league that more suffering, compared to persons
and property, was relatively endured by those
two cities than by Chicago, large and central
as she is ; yet from the fact that Chicago stands
prominently as one of the great commercial
centers of the nation, I looked upon the pro-
ject for the relief of that city differently from
what I did upon such relief for other towns
and cities not so central or so important to
the national interests.
But, sir, since the proposition has been
made by my colleague, and the intimation
thrown out by the Senator from Illinois that
Michigan should take care of her own interests,
and that they were not in the keeping ofother
Senators, it became my duty no longer to be
silent, but to state here that I shall now offer
an amendment coveringin the proposed relief
the city of Holland, as well as Manistee, Sag-
inaw, and other adjoining places.
Mr. ^ LOGAN. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him ?
Mr. PERRY, of Michigan. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. If I made any intimation
that Michigan should take care of herself, I
have no recollection of it. I said that I should
vote for any bill the gentleman offered for the
relief of the citizens of Michigan.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I respond to
the Senator by quoting his words: "It is not
my business to attend to Michigan.''
Mr. LOGAN. It was yesterday in response
to the gentleman's colleague that I said that,
and I repeat it, but I did not say it in any
offensive manner, f am sure. I said that I
was not responsible for Michigan not having a
bill here, inasmuch as I was not the represent-
ative of Michigan. That was not saying that
I uo not sympathize with their sufferings.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I alluded to
his inference, by his remark, that Michigan
should take care of her own interests. The
Senator from Illinois will understand me as
not by this antagonizing his efforts in behalf of
the city he represents affected by this fire, and
the Senator knows too well how interested I
have been in the project which he has submit
ted for the action of the Senate. The Sen-
ator has well stated that I was a witness of
the Chicago fire, I might say a fugitive from
the tornado of flame, and I owe in measure
my escape to one of the tunnels of the city, a
monument of the enterprise and skill of the
citizens of that city, and I should be recre-
ant to my duty and my obligations if I did not
support the bill which he proposes ; but when
it is here stated on the floor of the Senate that
this should override and supersede all other
interests, and that we, representing other
places which have suffered proportionally to
lives and property represented equally as
much as the city of Chicago, it became my
imperative duty to rise in my place and
announce to the Senate that I should also offer
an amendment in behalf of the cities and sec-
tions of my State which had also suffered by
fire.
It was not my purpose to occupy much time
on this subject, but before taking my seat I
must be allowed to allude to a feature of this
case, referred to by my colleague. When I
reflect that the citizens of Michigan met this
(juestion practically upon the spot by propos-
ing to the citizens of Chicago that the amount
of material then on hand should furnish at
least fifty millions of lumber to the citizens of
Chicago at prices prior to the fire, thus show-
ing piactical sympathy in behalf of the citi-
zens of Chicago who had suffered by that fire,
I must say it comes with an ill grace from the
Senator to intimate that I entertain hostility
to measures of relief. He knows I have no
unkind feeling for him or his cause, because,
as I said before, I support his measure, and
he ought not to taunt us with the suggestion
that the State of Michigan is more desirous of
protecting her material interests than of show-
ing her substantial sympathy to the city thus
smitten.
Mr. President, it is well known, and the
Senator from Illinois has stated it in his re-
marks, if not to-day at least on a previous
occasion, that the material for rebuilding the
city will be composed largely of stone, brick,
and lumber. He also stated that while this
measure would not affect the price of stone,
mightindirectly affect the price of brick. How?
Because some of the citizens of Chicago, fol-
lowing the disaster of the fire, and upon the
very threshold of the destruction, laid their
plans by which to control the material of brick
and raise it to an exorbitant price, and the Sen-
ator has justly attempted in his measure, and
he should be commended for the course he has
taken, to prevent that rise in brick. If the
proposition to neutralize the effect of high rates
upon brick is worthy of this mode of consider-
ation, it might have been equally applicable to
lumber had tbe citizens of Chicago succeeded
in materially raising the price of lumber. The
attempt was made to raise the price by
citizens of Chicago. Michigan stepped in and
thwarted that rise, and should she be burdened
for her magnanimity ? How does this meas-
ure affect the State of Michigan? It is well
known to Senators in this Chamber that Mich-
igan is the largest producing State in this
Union of the article of lumber. It is also
well known that Chicago is the greatest lumber
mart in the world. Michigan contributes to
this market more than any other State. The
project in the bill presented by the Senator
from Illinois proposes to rcduce indirectly the
price of lumber. That necessarily affects the
citizens of the State which I have the honor
in part to represent. Is it strange, therefore,
that my colleague should rise in his seat here
in^ defense of the interests of Michigan ? In
other words, it, is proposed by the bill in effect
to compel Michigan, largely a supplier of lum-
ber, to contribute more largely for the relief
of the sufferers at Chicago than any other
State of the Union. Is this equitable? Is it
just to a State foremost in the generosities of
magnanimous aid ?
Had I the control of this bill, or the man-
agement of its complexion, I should have pro-
posed that from the Treasury of the United
States an aggregation should be made in dol-
