498
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 20,
Ho. of Reps.
Alabama Claims—Mr. Roberts.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
and twenty-nine of infants. The invoice states
that most' of the farmers were young, which
made the service more essential; eighteen
were marked with a little yellow flame to
denote their being prisoners roasted alive after
being scalped, their nails pulled out by the
roots, and other torments; and one belonged
to a clergyman, his band being fixed to the
hoop of his scalp.
The letter concluded as follows:
" I do not doubt but your Excellency will think
it proper to give some further encouragement to
these lionest people."
" These honest people," said Captain Craw-
ford, of the British army; and so it has always
been, and I fear will be to the end; butchers of
human beings, assassins, incendiaries, and
traitors to their country and their God, are
honest people when their crimes redound to
England's benefit.
But there are other circumstances con-
nected with this employment of savages by
Great Britain which I wish particularly to
notice. When the news reached England of
the alliance between France and the colonies,
England resolved to make another effort to
conciliate the colonies, and accordingly, in 1778
she dispatched a commission to these shores,
the chief of which was a Governor Johnstone.
He immediately set to work to try and bribe
the leading patriots, and for this purpose em-
ployed a female lobbyist named Mrs. Fergu-
son. By her aid he forwarded letters to prom-
inent men describing the evils flowing from
what he termed the existing dissensions, and
the blessings to be derived from a reconcilia-
tion with England.
In one of these addressed to General Reed,
he said:
"The man who can be instrumental in bringing
us all to act once more in harmony, and unite to-
gether the various powers which this contest has
drawn forth, will deserve more from the king and
people, from patriotism, humanity, and friendship,
and all the tender ties that are affected by this quar-
rel, than were ever yet bestowed on Human kind."
On the 16th of June he wrote to Robert
Morris, saying:
" I believe the men who have conducted the
affairs of Amenca arc incapable of being influenced
by improper motives, lint in all such transactions
there is risk, and I think that whoever ventures
should be secured, at the same time that honor
and emolument shall naturally follow the fortune
of those who have steored the vessel m the storm,
and brought her safely to port. I think that Wash-
ington and the President have a right to every favor
that a grateful nation can bestow, if they can once
more unite our interests, and spare the miseries and
devastations of war."
Or, in other words, if Washington and his
compatriots would only betray their country,
sell their honor and the lives and liberties of
their countrymen, " they would receive every
favor which England could bestow but of
course it was all to be done in the interests of
patriotism and humanity, and to spare the
horrors and devastations of war. One would
think, did he not know the date of these letters,
that Governor Johnstone was one of the joint
high commissioners, preparing the protocol of
the treaty of Washington, of course in the in-
terests of harmony, humanity, and friendship,
and all the tender ties that were affected by our
unreasonable fault-finding at the destruction
of" our commerce and the prolongation of our
civil war by the treacherous and hostile action
of Great Britain.
Johnstone, inhisefforts to bribe and wheedle
with honeyed words, exhibited one side of Brit-
ish policy; that failing he exhibited the other.
He issued a proclamation denouncing what he
called the unnatural design of the colonists in
estranging their interest from those of Great
Britain, and threatened that she would use
every means within her power to destroy the
people of the colonies. He declared after-
ward in the House of Commons that his
manifesto meant a desolating war, and justi-
fied it as not only right, but necessary. When
the proclamation was discussed in the House
of Lords, and an appeal was made to the
bench of bishops to exert that charity, human-
ity, and abhorrence of blood and cruelty which
were the leading tenets and distinguishing
characteristics of Christianity, and condemn,
as they were in duty bound, both by the sacred-
ness of their ministry and their position as
peers of Great Britain, the warfare which
converted British soldiers into allies and
imitators of Indian savages, this bench of
bishops, these ministers of God and shepherds
of His flocks, with one solitary exception, not
alone refused to condemn, but justified the
barbarous deeds of savages, and the equally
barbarous deeds of their own countrymen, as
being necessary against revolted subjects,
leagued with inveterate enemies.
The following is from the log-book of an
American officer detailing the manner in which
American patriots were put to death in Eng-
land during our revolutionary war:
" They were marched upon a floating machine,
their bodies, legs, and arms so ironed that they could
not bend either; the machine was towed at high-
water to a gallows erected by Government orders ;
the hangman made the halters fast to the gallows,
and left them to die at leisure; that is, by inches, as
the tide fell."
I will cite only one more illustration of Brit-
ish humanity during the Revolution. When
the English held New York, a paity of soldiers
arrived in a district of New Jersey before day-
light ; after firing the habitation of a wealthy
and venerable Dutchman, they concealed
themselves behind some trees, uttering loud
cries. The old man Colon and his two sons
ran to the door in their night clothes, when
they were fired upon and the two sons killed.
The father was taken prisoner and confined in
one of the terrible prison-pens of New York.
After some time, when the old man seemed
bereft of reason, and likely to die, Cunning-
ham, Clinton's infamous jailor, told him that
in view of his great age the general would
allow him to depart, on condition of his living
in peace with his Majesty's subjects. The old
man straightened himself up and said :
"If you and your general have lost your mem-
ories, say to him that X have forgotten nothing. If
ho proposes this dishonor on account of my age, tell
him that my desire for vengeance has made me young
again. 'What,' said he, 'promise not to punish the
assassin of my children 1 It would be to insult God.
who has made me a man and a father. There/ said
he, 'is my shirt stained with their blood. Carry this
to your general and tell him that as soon as I am
fi-co I will go to embrace my oid wife, and then I
shall march to vengeance, too happy to die if in
falling I kill an Englishman.'"
It is scarcely necessary to refer at length to
the war of 1812, known as the second war for
independence, a war forced upon us by Great
Britain in her efforts to destroy our merchant
marine, which was fast gaining a large share
of the carrying trade of Europe. England saw
that while she was warring with European
nations our vessels, as neutrals, were having
a great advantage over her own, and that we
would soon, if permitted to continue unmo-
lested, be the great maritime nation of the
world, and therefore excel her on the ocean,
where she has never for any length of time
permitted a rival. Besides, the animus of her
defeat in our Revolution rankled in her heart,
as it does to-day, and we had scarcely recov-
ered from its effects when she began to prac-
tice toward us petty acts of insults and tyranny.
She searched our merchant vessels whenever
and wherever she pleased, and in 1797 she
seized, under false charges of desertion, nearly
three hundred of our sailors.
In 1806 she began to seize our ships, and
continued doing so until 1811, when Her ves-
sels of war began to cruise off our chief ports,
captured our ships and sent them as prizes to
England. At the same time her emissaries
went among the Indian tribes of the Northwest
to incite them to acts of pillage and rapine
against our people. So far did she carry her
insults and injuries without provoking the
United Statesto retaliate that her press boasted
that the '• United States could not be kicked
into war." Perhaps they think thesame to-day.
Finally the United States, in 1812, declared
war against Great Britain, which continued for
two years. During the war her barbarous deeds
were only limited by her power to inflict them.
She again, as in the Revolution, employed her
Indian allies. They, true to their instincts
and orders, murdered men, women, and chil-
dren. Her fleets visited various parts of our ex-
tensive coast lines, plundering and applying
the torch wherever they went. Village after
village was left in ashes, and the city of Wash-
ington, in which we now are, the capital of our
Republic, was left a heap of ruins. A11 our
public buildings—White House, Capitol, and
Library—were committed to the flames with a
savage exultation that was reechoed from the
British ministry in London. Baltimore they
tried to serve in the same manner, but failed,
and Pakenham promised his soldiers that on
the capture of New Orleans they should have
"booty and beauty," and it is no doubttothis
day a source of regret to his countrymen that
Jackson and his brave Kentuckians interfered
with a pastime so characteristic of valiant
Britons by packing Mr. Pakenham where salt
could not save him, and thus prevented him
from keeping his promise with the vile refuse
of Eugland's slums.
I will now consider England's last war against
this country, for war it was, disguise it as we
may; even Cobden in 1854 so declared it, and
asserted that more damage was inflicted upon
us than would be produced by many ordinary
wars; but it was a war on one side only.
England gained all the benefit, without the
cost of a dollar or the loss of a man. She and
her colonies reaped fortunes from the harvests
of death, the seeds of which she planted. The
gathered wealth of the South went to swell her
treasury in exchange for the powder, and ball,
and guns that slaughtered, and maimed the
soldiers of the Union, and for the ships which
swept our commerce from the seas, and enabled
her to indulge again in the proud boast of
being mistress of the ocean. She built these
ships and manned them. She protected them
with her flag when in danger, and sheltered
them in distress. She refused to permit a
United States vessel of war to remain over
twenty-four hours in her ports, and then for-
"bade them to return within three mouths. Her
statesmen lied, which was nothing unusual;
her Lords lied, especially Lord John Russell,
which was nothing unusual for him ; and her
press taunted, vilified, and abused the people
and Government of the Union. Her Parlia-
ment cheered and cheered when Gladstone,
who is now prime minister, said in October,
1862:
"We may anticipate with certainty the success of
the southern States, so far as regards separation
from the North, and i cannot but believe that that
event is as certain as any event yet future and con-
tingent can be."
And again they cheered when it was de-
clared that " the United States was a mere
Yankee invention, a thing ofthe past which no
longer had an existence in fact." And what
was the cause of all this hate, and treachery,
and vileness ? I will answer in the words of
the Marquis ofSalisbury, uttered in the House
of Commons.
" That the people of the southern States were the
natural allies of this country, as great producers
of the articles we need, and great consumers of the
articles we supplied. The North, on the other hand,
kept an opposition shop, in the same department of
trade as ourselves."
There is the entire gospel, from Genesis to
Revelations, of Great Britain ; you fill their
bellies, and buy their wares, and they are con-
tent. It is for this they have steeped the earth
from the tropics to the frozen ocean in human
blood; for this they compelled the people of
