1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
551
lars for relief based upon the amount remitted
to Portland, taking into consideration differ-
ence of extent and value of loss of the two
cities; then by the equality of ;rour revenue,
derived as it is from the resources of the sev-
eral States equitably distributed, you would
have every State contribute its fair proportion
to this great national calamity. As I intimated
in the opening of my remarks, I waited silently
for a vote, to see whether this Congress would
confirm the precedent in the case of the city
of Portland by its action toward Chicago, and
thereby affirm a rule, when it was my purpose
to move for similar relief for all other places
that have likewise suffered by fire. I pre-
ferred to rest and let the bill take its course,
and that would be my choice now; and I shall
hesitate-to offer an amendment covering other
places, unless I am compelled to do so by ob-
serving that the Senate propose to conclude
their action on this bill without affording
relief to any other suffering portion of our
country.
Mr. President, I wish the Senator from Illi-
nois to understand that I shall support his bill.
He ought to know that. He has alluded to
the substantial evidence of sympathy which
my State has given to Chicago through its
representative; therefore he must not suppose
(and I listened with sorrow to the remark) that
any observations upon this bill is antagonism
to it. I disclaim it. I am not inimical to it,
but I want the proposition to stand fairly upon
its merits, and the relief intended equitably
distributed. I want the Senate to establish a
rule now that will control all cases hereafter
of a like character, whether they be central
to the nation, national in their importance, or
measurably local in their interest.
At the proper time, as stated, I shall pro-
pose to include other places in Michigan, and
I doubt not the Senator from Wisconsin will
offer an amendment providing for Peshtigo,
fori believe that Peshtigo needs aid relatively
more than any other locality that has suffered
by these fires, Chicago not excepted. The
papers stated that the people there were driven
out to the country, flying over plowed land
to escape from the fire, and, throwing them-
selves into fresh furrows, were literally burned
up in those furrows. Others seeking the water
were burned to death with their heads just
above the surface; while at Chicago the loss
of life was small compared with the immense
loss of property.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, the Senator from Illinois alluded to the
speech he made on a former occasion, and
rather complained that it was not listened to.
So far as i am concerned, he should make an
exception, for I did listen to his interesting
and eloquent speech, as he always makes elo-
quent speeches. But, sir, I proposed the
amendment which I have done, not for the
purpose of retarding the bill, but for the pur-
pose of perfecting it, and I think it should
commend itself to both the Senators from the
State of Illinois, for there are no members
here who are more vigilant scrutinizers of any-
thing that touches the Treasury than the Sen-
ators from Illinois.
It must be admitted that this legislation is
entirely exceptional; and unless the case of
Portland forms a precedent, there is no pre-
cedent on the statute-book. When the great,
fire occurred at New Yotk, it was even refused,
I believe, to remit the duties upon goods that
were burned up.
Now, sir, in order to perfect the amendment
proposed by me, and to include all the substan-
tial articles that are used in building, I pro-
pose to add at the end of the amendment
already offered " glass, linseed oil, and white
lead."
It must be obvious that there are a thousand
little, inconsiderable articles that are used in
building which it would be no substantial re-
lief to have exempted from duty or to have a
drawback upon. If we grasp all of the great
articles that count in the expense of building,
we shall accomplish the entire purpose; and
if we are to establish a precedent by this bill,
as seems probable, for there are already three
or four additional amendments to be offered,
certainly we should, establish one that we
should be willing to abide by. I appeal, there-
fore, to the Senator from Illinois not to find
any fault or to object to the amendment which
I propose.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I rise to a question of
order. I call for the regular order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Carfes-
ter in the chair.) The regular order being
called for, the Senate resumes the considera-
tion of the amnesty bill so called, the pending
question being on the motion of the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Robertson,] to
postpone the further consideration of the bill
and to proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 1050, on which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
Mr. LOGAN. On the postponement of
which bill have the yeas and nays been
ordered?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On the
postponement of the bill now under con-
sideration.
Mr. LOGAN. That is, to take up the amnesty
bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. To take up
the amnesty bill which has come recently from
the House of Representatives.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to postpone all other
orders until the bill that is now before the
Senate, or which was under consideration a
moment ago, shall be disposed of by the Sen-
ate ; and 1 ask for a vote of the Senate on that
motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that the Senator from Illinois can
move a division of the question now before
the Senate, and if this bill shall be postponad,
he can then move to proceed to the considera-
tion of the bill indicated by him.
Mr. LOGAN. I was in hopes that the Sen-
ator from South Carolina would allow this bill
to be proceeded with until we got through with
it. It will not take much longer. I shall ask
for a division of the question, as suggested by
the Chair.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest to the Senator
from South Carolina that he allow the pend-
ing bill to be passed over informally that this
Chicago question may be disposed of. It
seems to me we ought not to be calling it up
day by day. It was called up the other day;
now again to day. Let us finish it.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I will give an hour's
time, if it can be disposed of within that
time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from South Carolina consents to the passing
over informally of the pending bill for one
hour.
Mr. LOGAN. One hour will suit me if
other gentlemen do not take up that hour.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
bill (H. R. No. 555) for the relief of sufferers
by fire at Chicago is still before the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I can-
not see and do not understand why Mich-
igan should be held responsible for Chicago
rascals. Perhaps the Senator from Illinois
will explain.
Mr. LOGAN. I will explain, if the gentle-
man will allow me. The Senator from Michi-
gan, in a very pleasing manner, asks me to
explain why Michigan should be held respon-
sible for Chicago rascals. I do not want to use
that kind of language toward any person in
Chicago, nor will I descend to that kind of
description of persons in the State represented
, by the gentleman. Chicago perhaps has its
proper number of rascals; Michigan mav
have, but I presume has not.
What I desire to say, however, is this: I
attempted to compliment my friend on my
right, [Mr. Ferry, of Michigan,] and tried to
do so. I thought he deserved it on account
of his action during the fire at Chicago, or very
soon afterward; but he seemed not to take it
as such, but rather desired to impugn some-
thing I had said or some feeling I had toward
him. I have none, sir; nor did I say anything
derogatory to the State of Michigan. I said
that I was very sorry to see that any individ-
ual who had so much sympathy for his own
constituents where one man was affected would
withdraw that sympathy from a great commun-
ity suffering under an unparalleled calamity.
I said that, and the language of the Senator
[Mr. Chandler] justified me in saying it.
His reference to Chicago rascals I under-
stand to mean this: his colleague stated that
at the time the proposition was made to keep
lumber at the price prior to the fire the citi-
zens of Chicago repudiated the resolution.
That is what is referred to, I presume. That is
true; and that is the very thing we are trying
to provide against by this bill. The Chicago
lumbermen did repudiate that resolution and
raise the price of their lumber; but the Michi-
gan lumbermen refused to do it. That is the
way I understand it. I tried to compliment
the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Ferry] for
that; but he did not seem to receive it as a
compliment. This very bill is as much against
our own citizens as anybody else. It is to pre-
vent them from doing the very thing some of
them did do. That is the explanation. It is not
because the people of Chicago are more honest
than other people, but because we want to put
such restraints by law as will at least have the
effect of preventing them from doing to other
citizens who have suffered that which they
ought not to do. That is the principle, and
that is the reason for the measure. I have no
defense to make of the lumber merchants of
Chicago. If the gentleman has, he is welcome
to it, and will have the opportunity.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am much obliged to
the Senator for his interruption and explana-
tion. Perhaps I was a little harsh upon those
who would take advantage of such a calamity
to raise the price of lumber four dollars a
thousand, but I could not think of any other
term that would express the idea that I wished
to convev, and I cannot now.
Mr. LOGAN. You are entitled to use such
language as suits your taste.
Mr. CHANDLER. That was the only lan-
guage to express my idea. Now, it seems
from the Senator's own statement that men in
Chicago decided to raise the price of lumber
four dollars a thousand instantly after the fire,
and that Michigan lumbermen repudiated the
proposition aud prevented it from being done ;
and yet the Senator by imputation and ir. fact
held the lumbermen of Michigan responsible
for this action which they themselves had
repudiated and prevented.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope the Senator has no
disposition to misrepresent what I said.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly not.
Mr. LOGAN. If the Senator has no desire
to misrepresent me, his mind must be wander-
ing. I stated no such thing as has been uttered
by him, nor did I approach it in any sentence
that I uttered. I did not even say or intimate
that the lumber merchants of Michigan had
put up the price of lumber ; but I did say that
the main lumber merchants there had put
down the price of lumber; just the contrary
of what the gentleman states. It would
seem as though the gentleman had a great
facility for misunderstanding what other gen-
tlemen say.
Mr. CHANDLER. I beg the Senator's par-
don. The Senator says he desired to prevent
this very thing. If that is not by imputation
