1872*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4135
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I
demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered : and Mr. Towksend,
of Pennsylvania, and llr. Holm an were ap-
pointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 80, noes 43.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended, and the bill was
uot passed.
maky e. cochran.
Mr. PECK, from the Committee oil Invalid
Pens-ions, by unanimous consent, reported a
bill (H. R. No. 2957) granting a pension to
Mary E. Cochran ; which was read a first and
socond time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
on the pens.on-roll, subject to the limitations
and provisions of the pension laws, the name
of Mary B. Cochran, widow of J. Stanley
Cochran, late a private in company K, nine-
teenth regiment Ohio volunteers, from and
after the passage of the act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrussed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PECK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
new mexico and gulf railway
Mr. HOLM AN. I desire to say a single
word, which I hope will not be objected to,
in reference to the bill relating to ihe New
Mexico and Gulf railway. If the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Townsekd] will men-
tion in the bill the name of the corporation to
which right of way is to be given thrcugh New
Mexico, 1 presume there will be no objection
to the passage of the bill.
Mr. HAND ALL. 1 believe my colleague
[Mr. Towssexd] will be willing to do that.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I
have mide the change in the bill winch is de-
sired by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Holman.]
Mr. STORM. I object to the introduction
of that bill again.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Then
1 move that the rules be suspended, and that
the bill be passed. I have stricken out the
names and left the title as it was.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think there is no time
fixed within which the line of this road shall
be located.
Mr. TO WNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Two
years are allowed in which to locate the line
and ten years for the completion of the road.
Mr. HOLMAN*. I think the time for locat-
ing the li ne should be limited to one year.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I will
change it to one year.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds hav-
ing voted in favor thereof,) and the bill was
joseph geek.
Mr. PECK, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported
a bill (H. R. No. 2959) granting a pension to
Joseph Geer ; which was read a first and
second time.
Tbe*bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
upon the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of Joseph Geer, late a private in company G,
first Virginia cavalry volunteers, from and
■afier the passage of the act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accoidingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PECK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
taking of testimony.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous-consent, from
the Committee on Revision of the Laws of
the United States, reported a bill (H. 11.
No. 2060) to regulate the taking of testimony
in certain cases; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill was read. It provides that no wit-
ness shall be compelled to appear or to testify
before any commissioner or officer appointed
to take testimony under a commission of let-
ters rogatory, issued or to be issued from any
court in any foreign country, in any suit or
proceeding in which the Government of such
foreign country shall be a party or shall have
an interest, except for the purpose of answer-
ing specific written interrogatories issued with
and accompanying such commission or letters
rogatory, and addressed to such witness.
The bill, in its second section, provides that
no witness shall be required on such examina-
tion to make any disclosure or discovery
which he would be protected from making if
the same were pending in a court of the
State or Territory within which such exami-
nation is had.
Mr. HOAR asked a question which was
inaudible to the reporter.
Mr. POLAND. I take it there is no ques-
tion but we have the. right to regulate and
prescribe the termsand rules upon which testi-
mony shall be taken here under commissions
that are sent from foreign Governments. The
bill only applies to cases where a commis-
sion is sent here from some foreign country to
take testimony here. It is very narrow in its
application.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly rpad the third time, and passed.
Mr. PuLAND moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
final adjournment.
Mr. FAItNSWORTH. I move that the
House take a recess until ten o'clock on Mon-
day.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a privileged motion. 1 desire to call up the
lesolution of the Senate to rescind the resolu-
tion for adjourning bsth Houses of Congress
sine die on the 3d of June.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to takingupthat
resolution out of order.
The SPEAKER. It is a privileged, a
h'ghly privileged motion. There is no order
about it.
Mr. RANDALL. I understood the Speaker
the other day, on a similar motion, to decide
that it was not privileged.
The SPEAKER. On what similar motion?
Mr. RANDALL. On the question of final
adjournment. !
The SPEAKER. That was on a motion to j
return a resolution of the Senate. j
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to move that the House concur in the Senate f
resolution.
Mr. FAIINSWORTH. I move that the \
House take a recess until ten o'clock on Mon- j
day. We will then have two hours to act on '
the question of the prolongation of the session, j
Mr. HOLMAN. I would suggest to thegen- l
tleman that he fix an earlier hour.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I will say
nine o'clock.
Mr. DICKEY. I desire to make a single
statement.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to debate.
Mr. DICKEY. I do not wish to debate but j
simply state a fact. The chairman of the |
Committee of Ways and Means has a prop- j
osiiion to offer in reference to this matter. He I
rose to make it but ^-ave way for some other j
motions, and has stepped out of the House, i
He desires to make a motion with reference to j
this question of final adjournment proceeding
from the Committee of Ways and Means. 1
hope it will not be considered in his absem.o.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do uot
know any patent by which the chairman of the
Committee i,f Ways and Means has a special
right to make a motion on this subject. He
has gone to his conference committee; and
how long are we to stay here passing bills
waiting his return ?
Mr. DICKEY. I do not think this should
be taken up in h'S absence.
Mr. McNEELY. I object to debate.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is my
motion in order, and is it not debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is debatable within
very narrow limits.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Well, I
propose to keep within those narrow limits.
Now, if I can have the attention of the House
without some gentleman's interjecting a speech
into the middle of my remarks I shall be very
glad. The state of the public business, as 1
understand it, is this: that we have two appro-
priation bills yet before the Senate, and also
the steamboat bill and the tariff bill, which is
still before the Senate or in couference com-
mittee. That committee is not yet ready to
report. We are now approaching the Sabbath.
We have to adjourn at twelve o'clock Monday,
and unless we concur in this vote of the Sen-
ate we shall be adjourned on Monday at twelve
o'clock, because there is not time to amend
this resolution and send it back to the Senate
and get it concurred in there so as to prevent
such adjournment. It is simply a question of
time.
Now here we are in thelast days of the ses-
sion. If we undertake to amend the motion
to extend the session, we shall be here acting
under suspension of the rules by which a two-
thirds vote always takes precedence of any
other order of business; no committee can
report; no business can be considered, and
there have been more calls—I will not call
them jobs—upon the Treasury passed within
the last ten days than in the whole session be-
fore, and although these things are said to be
done by a two-thirds vote, yet only about one
third of the House votes in fact ; there is no
discussion, no debate, no examination.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman allow
me to offer a substitute for the pending prop-
osition?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir,
not now.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is this matter debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is within very narrow
limits.
Mr. HOLMAN. J insist that the gentleman
shall confine himself within those limits.
Mr. BU t'LER, of Massachusetts.- I am
speaking within those limits. These are the
disadvantages of attempting to continue the
session as we are. We can have no kind of
debate, or discussion or examination of prop-
ositions presented, and every gentleman here
is pulling and hauling to get his little bill or
proposition through.
'Ihen there is another difficulty. About one
fourth of the House have gone home, at least
they are not present here now, and they have
gone home under the expectation that this
session would come to an end on Monday.
They have been excused by the House.
Mr. ARCHER. Over two hundred members
voted upon one vote to-day.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Well, sir,
I do not see that that militates against my
proposition.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman's mathe-
matics are at fault. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There
are forty three members absent; I doubt, how-
ever, whether two hundred voted to-day. One
fourth of the members are not here; they have
been excused, and they have gone home on the
ground that they would not be wanted any
more this session, and it is unjust to them ana
