3240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M&y 9,
foreign exporter or the American importer
■would buy at current foreign prices, bring the
goods into this -market, and sell them at cur-
rent American prices, thereby making a profit
at the costof the producer of the United States,
and without advantage to the Americau citi-
zen.
Now as to tin and tea and coffee. Will the
gentleman tell me that we produce so much
more American tin than we import of foreign
tin that our home production regulates the
market? Will he tell me that the American
people consume more American tea than they
do of Chinese and Japanese tea; and so much
more that the home supply regulates the price
of the market, as is the case with coal, and
as will be the case with calfskins? Will he
tell me that our people can produce nineteen
twentieths of the coffee they consume, and
that therefore the Americau supply being so
vast in comparison with the quantity imported,
it, regulates the price in the market? If he
cannot answer these questions affirmatively,
then I ask him to believe that nature's laws
are inflexible, and that man takes advantage
of them wherever he can. When our own
enormous production of calfskins fixes the
prices which the importers sell for, and the
amount imported is relatively small compared
with the amount produced in this country,
then the foreign exporter or the American
importer will take the advantage which the
inflexible laws of trade will give him.
Mr. FiNKELNBURG. Then the gentle-
man assumes that there is 110 competition
among the importers.
Mr. DAWES. I hope we shall have a vote.
At the proper time I wish to introduce a single
amendment, rendered necessary by the change
which has been made in the language of this
paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment ol t lie gentleman from Connecticut
[Mr. Kk'li.ouoj to the amendment of the gen-
tleman Irum Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kei.lby.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Mr. Chair-
man 
Air. OA WHS. ]t is unnecessary for the
gentleman to discuss it. The amendment will
210! be adopted.
Mr. JiiUJOKS, of New York. Are you
sun; of that? Then I have nothing to say.
The amendment of Mr. Khi-louu to the
amendment of Mr. Kw.LEr ivhs not agreed to.
The amendment of Mr. Kmxky was not
agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I11 consequence of the change
which has been mado 111 the phraseology, it is
necessary to insert the following:
On eatf-skin  tanned and fiuishod, thirty per cent.
(K4 vuluivin.
Mr. IJROOKS, of New York. What is the
duty 011 other classes of calf-skins?
Mr. DAWliS. Calf-skins untanned and
raw are free. Call-skins tanned pay a duty
of twenty per cent, ad valorem. My present
amendment does not alter the rate. The
object is to keep up the distinction between
tanned skins and those tanned and finished,
so that the article upon which the most labor
is performed may not pay the same rate of
duty as that upon which the least labor is
performed.
Mr. BCJRCHAIID. It appears to me that
the amendment of the gentleman would make
a distinction not made in the existing law. I
do not see that there is any reason for making
the distinction.
Mr* DAWES. I do not desire to make any
new distinction ; but I think there is such a
distinction already made. I withdraw the
amendment for the present. I will offer it
hereafter if 1 find theie is reason to do so.
Ihe CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
reserve (he right to go back?
Mr. DAWliS. Yes, sir.
Ihe CHAIRMAN. If there be no objec-
tion, that will be the understanding.
There was no objection.
Mr. KELLEY. We have now come to the
end of the section, and I believe, in accord-
ance with the ruling of the Chair, new articles
may now be introduced as amendments to the
section. 1 therefore move to amend by insert-
ing after line twenty of section one, "On
chiccory root unground, one cent per pound.
Chiccory, as gentlemen know, is a substitute
for coffee, and is preferred by many people to
coffee. It is recommended by physicians in
many cases of nervous disease as a substitute
for coffee for the use of those for whose nerves
coffee is too violent, yet who are accustomed
to that beverage when in health. The present
duty upon this article is one hundred and
ninety-three per cent., a prohibitory duty.
The article is one of enormous consumption
in all ihe countries of Europe ; and as we have
made coffee and tea free, I should feel that we
ought to make chiccory free but that my theory
of developing the resources of the country in-
tervenes ; and as in California chiccory is being
cultivated, I would leave a duty of one cent a
pound upon it, which would be in the neigh-
borhood of thirty-five per cent.
Mr. BANKS. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. I
do not understand that chiccory is used gener-
ally here or in other countries as a substitute
for coffee. I understand it to be used as a
material for adulteration.
Mr. KELLEY. The pure article is used by
many in preference to coffee; and, as I have
said, it is frequently prescribed for nervous
patients who are accustomed to the taste of
coffee but require something less powerful in
its cQ'ects upon the system.
Mr. BANKS. My impression is exactly the
opposite. I uudertand that the bulk of the
chiccory used in this country i3 used for the
adulteration of coffce. So general has this
adulteration become in Great Britain that
legislation has been necessary to check it.
At one time the sale of coffee in which there
was chiccory was prohibited; and afterward
it was provided that coffee whenever adulter-
ated with chiccory should not be sold unless
stamped as coffee mixed with chiccory.
Mr. DAWES. My colleague is mistaken.
His colleague and mine, who sits here, com-
municated to the committee the fact that in his
own district it was used largely as the substitute
for coffce and preferred by families to drink,
because it had not the effect 011 the nervous
system which coffee had. It is an article of
merchandise.
Mr. BANKS. It is an article of merchan-
dise used universally for the adulteration of
coffee.
Mr. DAWES. I know all that is true.
Mr. BANKS. And, Mr. Chairman, if we
take off the duty on this article we extend the
adulteration of coffee, and it will go on until
there is as much adulteration of coffee in this
country as there is in other countries.
^ Mr. M AYNA11D. The duty on ehiecory in
England is (is. Ijd., which is something over
two hundred and thirty-eight per cent.
Mr. BANKS. That high duty is because it
is used in England for the adulteration of
coffee. Tea and coffee are free in England ;
at any rate, chiccory is taxed because it is used
for the adulteration of coffee.
Mr. MAYNARD. And the high duty is for
the purpose of discouraging the use of it.
Mr. BANKS. Precisely for that purpose;
and we ought, not to change the duty 011 this
article, for we know it will be used in the
adulteration of coffee. I never heard before
of its being used very generally as a substitute
for coffee.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. KEUlt. Mr. Chairman, I think this
article ought to be placed on the free list. I
desiie, 111 as few words as possible, to state
why. Wo have mado coffee free. Coffee will
be used by everybody who is not too poor to
use it; and the people who use chiccory will
use it because they are too poor to purchase
coffee. It is a substitute for coffee, and has
been used for nearly a century past by the
poor in Germany, Belgium, and Holland, and
in a few of those northern European conn-
tries. It is imported into this country in very
small quantities. During the last year there
were imported into the country only three mil-
lion three hundred thousand pounds. We
imported of coffee during the same period
three hundred and twenty-eight million pounds.
To be more exact, the duty on ground or pre-
pared chiccory is five cents per pound, and on
root four cents per pound.
The reports of the Bureau of Statistics of
the Treasury on commerce and navigation
present the following as the importations,
values, and duties paid on chiccory, in root or
prepared for use:
Pounds
imported.
1867—Ground or
prepared.,2,907,375
Boot  -
1868 — Ground or
prepared.. 2,656,003
Root  1
1869 — Ground or
prepared ..3.334,864
Root  36,346
1870 —Ground or
prepared..2,715,970
Boot  40,241
1871 —Ground or
prepared..3,315,822
Root  8,243
Value.
$94,942 00
89,075 00
03
126.794 31
1,195 00
97,741 00
918 00
70,324 00
171 00
Dutu
collected.
•4
$145,368 75
132,895 45
zU
k
04
166,743 20
5
1,453 84
i
135,798 50
'■I
1,609 64
115,79110
329 72
The same reports give the duty on chiccory,
averaged in both forms, at one hundred
and sixty-four and three eighths per ce t. ad
valorem.
Chiccory is esteemed useful and nutritious
in the countries where it is most used. It
is shown by chemical analysis to contain ex-
cellent qualities. It is at least esteemed fit to
use.
Now, chiccory is used in this country only by
the poor, and chiefly by the poor who emigrate
to this country from the foreign countries I
have named, who during the previous parts of
their lives were accustomed to the use of chic-
cory. I say it is a gross discrimination against
that class of our poor people to continue the
high duty on chiccory after you have made
coffee free. It is unjustifiable and cruel.
It is true the duty on chiccory is for revenue
and not a cent goes to protection, and there-
fore under ordinary circumstances the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania would be for making
it free, because it protects no one. What he
wants to reduce is chiccory unground, or the
root. Why does he not move to reduce it all?
Because, in the interest of American manufac-
ture, that is, in the interest of protection or
bounty, he wants to compel the poor in this
country to employ some of his neighbors to
grind the chiccory. He wants to build up a
little one-horse monopoly in Philadelphia, or
somewhere else in the country I do not care
where. Then, making the unground chiccory,
or the root—the raw material—-free, and leav-
ing a high duty on the ground chiccory, he
enables his fiiends who grind it up to charge
as much for it, as if it had all paid the duty.
That is his wa.y of aiding the poor. It sim-
ply means to aid a few at the expense of the
poor.
I am against all that sort of legislation, and
if we must have free coffee, then, in common
decency, let us have free chiccory. It belongs
to the poor.
Ihe gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] says it. is used for adulteration. Is it
the business of Congress to prevent adultera-
tion in this country ? If it is, and we enter on
that wide field of legislation, I wish to say to the
gentleman from Massachusetts he is willing to
undertake what no human power can accom-
plish. Let the people protect themselves.
I hey have more sense about these things than
Congress. They are more sagacious in their
private affairs than Congress, and a'great deal
more honest than Congress. Let them pro-
tect themselves. That is all they ask. Give
