1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB$.
501
42d Cong 2d Sess.
Alabama Claims—Mr. Boberts.
Ho. of Reps.
her armament under the supervision of a con-
federate agent, where she was seized by the
captain of an English man-of-war, who evi-
dently was ignorant of the policy of his Gov-
ment, and after a hearing before an admir-
alty court, and her real character clearly
proven, she was released by an English judge
and permitted to pursue her career unmolested,
destroying thirty-six vessels belonging to the
merchant marine of the United States. She
•was captured by the United States sloop
"Wachusett in the bay of San Salvador, Brazil,
October, 1864.
The next vessel was the guu-boat Alabama,
constructed by the Messrs. Laird & C.o., of
Liverpool. She was pierced for eleven guns,
was launched on the 15th of May, 1862, and
sailed on the 29th of the following July.
The American minister and consul made
strenuous exertions to get the English Gov-
ernment to seize her. Evidence of the most
conclusive character was presented, showing
clearly that she was intended for a privateer
and built under the supervision of confederate
officers, that money was advanced for her con-
• straction by the confederate banking-house,
and that men were enlisted without scarcely
any attempt at disguise.
She left England partially armed, owing to
the fact that the proofs were so strong against
her that Russell could no longer refuse to act.
He delayed action, however, until the ves-
sel was ready to sail, and then orders were
sent to the collector to seize her; but, as an
officer of the Alabama wrote in his private
journal, private information was sent to the
vessel in advance of the customs officers, so
that when they arrived of course the vessel
had gone ; but she only steamed a short way
down the Mersey, when she anchored, and for
two days continued receiving on board men,
arms, and equipment, which were sent after her
from Liverpool. From thence she steered to
the Azores, where she was met by two vessels,
one from London, and the other from Liver-
pool, and supplied by them with the balance
of her armament. She then changed her name
from the 290 to the Alabama, and started on
a career, perhaps unexampled in the history
of similar vessels. She destroyed thirty-seven
ships, eighteen barks, four brigs, nine schoon-
ers, one steamship, and one gun-boat, making
seventy vessels in all belonging to the Ameri-
can merchant marine destroyed by this scourge
of our commerce.
The contract for the construction of this ves-
sel was signed by the confederate agent, Cap-
tain Bullock, and the Messrs. Laird, one of
which firm was a member of Parliament, and
afterward boasted in the House of Commons,
amid the cheers of its members, of the pride
he felt at having built the Alabama.
The next vessel obtained for the confeder-
ate navy was the steamer Georgia. She left
Greenock, Scotland, on the 1st of April, 1863,
with a crew of seventy men, all English sub-
jects save two, a Swede and a Russian. She
was followed to sea by a steamer owned in
Liverpool with cannon, shot, and shell, which
was transferred to her on the coast of France.
She destroyed seven ships and two barks, and
after touching at several ports under English
jurisdiction for supplies sne returned to Liver-
pool, where she was resold to a British mer-
chant and again put to sea, but was captured
in the fall of 1864 by the United States steamer
Niagara and sent home as a prize. At the
time of sailing, and for three months after, the
Georgia was registered and owned in the name
of an English merchant, who paid off her crew.
She never entered a confederate port, so that
in fact she was a British pirate sailing under
the confederate flag. In a debate in the Brit-
ish House of Commons it was stated that—
" There could not be a stronger illustration of the
^damage which had been done .to American trade by
these cruisers than the fact that so completely was
the American flag driven from the ocean that the
Georgia on her second cruise did not meet a single
American vessel in six weeks; though she saw no
less than seventy vessels in a very few days."
The next product of British neutrality cropped
out in the shape of two steamers, the Sea
King and the Laurel. The former sailed from
London on the 8th of October, 1864, and the
latter from Liverpool one day later. She took
with her an extra complement of men and
war material, which were transferred at sea to
the Sea King. She was then called the Shen-
andoah, after which this British ship,,manned
with British sailors, and armed with English
cannon, shot, shell, and powder, started on
her destructive career against our commerce.
She destroyed ten ships, twenty-three barks,
one brig, and one steamer, thirty-six vessels
in all, thirty of which were whalers. On the
28th of June, 1865, two months and some
days after the last confederate soldier laid
down his arms, she destroyed within a few
hours in the North Pacific ocean eleven
whalers.
Having heard of the surrender of the con-
federacy, the Shenandoah steered for Eng-
land, and arrived at Liverpool on the 6th of
November, when the captain wrote to Russell
surrendering his ship. In a few days a naval
captain was sent to discharge all the men who
were not British subjects, and to detain for trial
all who were; but the same captain had
frequently visited the ship previously, and told
the men that he was making arrangement to
discharge them all; and previous to their dis-
charge he sent their own officers among
them to tell them that'they must say they were
southerners when questioned, which they
accordingly did, and the entire crew was dis-
charged and paid off by the same English
firm that owned the Florida. The wives of
the crew received their husbands' wages
monthly in English gold from the same firm,
and the vessel was owned at the time of sailing
and for some time after by an English mer-
chant. The tenders to these destroyed thirty-
four vessels.
Next we have the Sumter. She escaped from
a confederate port on the 30th of June, 1861,
and in a month from this date arrived at the
British port of Trinidad, where she remained
for six days taking in coal. Complaint was
made that this was a violation of her Majesty's
proclamation of neutrality, but Russell held
her to be confederate man-of-war, and entitled
to receive supplies. In January following she
arrived in Gibraltar, where she was shut in by
two United States vessels for twelve months.
To escape this dilemma a fictitious sale was
made of her to a British subject. Mr. Adams
protested against the sale as fraudulent, .and as
being contrary to the laws of nations, but Rus-
sell disregarded and evaded the objections, and
the Sumter sailed for Liverpool, where she was
thoroughly repaired, and where she received
a cargo of arms and munitions of war, changed
her name to Gibraltar, registered as a British
vessel, and acted as a confederate transport.
She destroyed eighteen vessels.
Next we have the Tallahassee; she de-
stroyed twenty-nine, vessels, and the Nash-
ville, two; making two hundred and thirty-four
vessels captured by these privateers. Besides
these, two hundred and forty-nine vessels were
destroyed by others, and seven hundred were
transferred to British owners, making a total
loss of twelve hundred vessels to the merchant
marine of the United States in four years-
It is a well known fact that there is no Gov-
ernment in the world more keenly alive to any
infringement of its laws than that of Great
Britain; her spies and agents are everywhere
on the alert, watching and reporting; u it is
equally well known that she never heM,.iied to
act promptly when deemed necessary for her
own security or the protection of her interests.
A subject of her Majesty, who was suspected of
hostile designs toward her Government, could
nqt fit out a fishing smack without being dis-
covered and seized, whether the laws justified
the act or not, and, if necessary* acts of Parlia-
ment would be rushed through both Houses
and signed by the , queen within twenty four
hours; a feat wljich actually occurred a few years
ago when the habeas corpus was" suspended in
Ireland. To suppose that her jnini^ters we're not
cognizant -of the fact that .vessels were being
built, equipped, manned, and dispatched from
her ports to destroy out commerce, and- to aid
in destroying our Republic, is to suppose that
they were blind idiots, ignorant of what formed
the common topic of conversation of every
man, wotaan, and child in her sea-port towns,
and of what was commonly canvassed in her
own newspapers. But apartfrom all this, we
have ample proof of the repeated efforts of the
United States offidials:to induce; the English
Government to prevent the open and shameless
violation of its own Jaws,by its ow-meitizeoSjiand
to prevent them from carrying on war from
their ports and territory against a - country
with which they were at peace and a people
who had done them no wrong. Affidavits of
enlisted men who were to serve on board these
vessels were presented, the character of the
vessels was clearly shown, and the, direct
agency of confederate officials in their con-
struction and equipment proved; but .all to no
purpose; they were ignored under one pretext
or another, and the destruction of our merchant
marine continued, with their assistance "and
approval, until there was nothing left-which
they could aid in destroying. "
Her ministers, judges, juries; and officials
of everygrade, from'the governor of a colony
down to a customs officer, were ail animated
with the same spirit of hostility toward our
country and a resolve to do all that lay in
their power to insure our destruction.
In proof of the truth of this I will cite some
cases in point. On the 31st of January,
1862, Russell issued orders through the admir-
alty that no ship of weir of either belliger-
ent should be permitted to enter or remain in
the port of Nassau, or any roadstead of the
Bahamas, during hostilities except by special
leave of the governor of the islands or in
case of stress of weather. Similar orders
were sent to all British officials, the practical
result of which was to exclude United States
vessels of war and harbor and assist the pri-
vateers and blockade-runners of the confed-
eracy. Our vessels were prevented from watch-
ing them in port, and we were'warned not t&
search them at Sea.
It was considered a violation of her Majesty's
proclamation for a United States man-of-war to
remain over twenty-four hours in port, or take
in more supplies than were needed to take the
vessel to the nearest United States port; but
it was not considered a violation of it to per-
mit confederate privateers to remain for weeks
in their hatbofs, enlisting men, receiving re-
pairs, munitions of war, and supplies^ of all
kinds, so as to enable "them to femain atsea
for months destroying our' commerce. Th&
proclamation forbid British subjects "from en-
gaging in breaking our blockade; and yet a
regular fleet of swift light-draught rteamerS,
principally English, wefe engaged in reshippitig
at Bermuda and ' the-BahatiiajH the cargoes
brought from .England, while the vessels which
brought out the munitions of war took back
in return the cotton landed by the blockadg-
runners. Some idea of the extent of this busi-
ness may be judged from a circumstauce told
me by a friend. He said that in a trip down
the Clyde,, at the close of our war, he counted
in one morningno less than thirty-five blockade-
runners.
The American consul, Mr. Blanchard, at
