1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
553
than one day, and more than two, in reference
to these very questions; a discussion by Mr.
Fessenden, by Mr. Datis, of Kentucky, and
quite a number of gentlemen whom I could
name, because I have read carefully that dis-
cussion. He will find that the whole question
was then most thoroughly discussed and con-
sidered by the Senate.
Mr. SCOTT. I have not read that discus-
sion, but I Can see very clearly that the purpose
and intent of these constitutional provisions is
that the Government shall levy and the people
shall pay the same duties at one port that they
do at another ; that the people shall pay and
the Government shall levy in all parts of the
United States uniform duties upon imports,
and any arrangement that parties shall first
pay and the Government then pay back, is
simply an evasion of that constitutional pro-
vision, for when duties are once paid it be-
comes the duty of the officer to pay that money
into the Treasury, and if he is directed to pay
it back by these regulations, it is simply an
evasion of another provision of the Constitu-
tion, that no money shall be paid except in
pursuance of an appropriation by law. He is
collecting revenue nominally, but he is paying
out an appropriation actually. If it is to be
done, let it be an appropriation really.
As I said, I do not rise in spirit to oppose
relief to Chicago, but to suggest to the Senator
that these are considerations which, as his bill
is now up, subject to the call at any moment
of anybody for the regular order, he had per-
haps better consider, and not run the risk" of
having a debate lastiug an hour or two and
then the bill put aside and another taken up.
Mr. LOGAN. Allow me to call the Sen-
ator's attention to something else that he has
not thought of. There has not been a session
of Congress for a number of years that you
have not passed bills of a precisely similar
character, not for destruction on account of
fire, but for other reasons. Yesterday, I be-
lieve, a bill passed here for the remission of
duties on certain articles to be imported into
New Orleans. Why was that? You pass bills
relieving from duty organs for churches, and
for divers and sundry other things, at evefy
session of Congress. Why is that?
Mr. SCOTT. If the Senator will permit me,
as he asks me the question, I will say that the
bill to which he refers suspends the duties for
two years in all parts of the United States on
specific articles. It does not give preference
to one place over another at all.
Mr. LOGAN. I may be mistaken, but I do
not so understand the bill. But then 1 call
the attention of the Senator to these other bills
to which I have referred that have been passed
in divers Congresses. I have never been in a
Congress, from 1858 to the present time, it!
which there has not been a bill passed relieving
the duties on an article for some church or
charity, or something of that sort. It has been
done time and time again. This constitutional
question that the gentleman raises has been
discussed over and over again in Congress;
but, for the reason I have given, Congiess has
always acted, and acted affirmatively.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I regret
exceedingly that this bill should have encoun-
tered the criticism it has, and that there should
have been any attempt in the Senate to con-
nect with it other matters. It is a very com-
mon thing for local bills and bills for particu-
lar individuals to pass; and I say to my friends
from Wisconsin and Michigan, who will appre-
ciate it at once, that if the practice is to obtain
in the Senate, when a local bill comes here, a
bill for a pension, if you please, to A, B, or a
bill local in its operation to some particular
place, of attaching to it other bills in reference
to other pensioners or other places, we never
can pass any special bills. I am sure the Sen-
ators from Wisconsin and Michigan do not
desire to prevent the passage of a bill for the
relief of the people of Chicago who have been
burned out.
Mr. President, a large part of a great city,
extending as far as from the city of George-
town to the navy-yard, reaching some four
miles in length and a mile in width, has been
burned over and laid in ashes. It was a calam-
ity that stirred the sympathies not only of the
people of the United States, but of the whole
civilized world; and I have sometimes thought,
in reflecting upon that terrible calamity, and its
influence on the people of Chicago, in causing
them to forget all animosities and all unkind-
ness, and of the sympathies itaroused, that the
exhibition almost compensated for the calam-
ity. _ Contributions of food and clothing came
pouring in from every little town in Illinois, in
Wisconsin, and in Michigan, and from all the
cities of the land; and then the men who had
gone through the fire, who had seen the indus-
tries of a quarter of a century burned up in an
hour, and themselves and their wives and chil-
dren destitute without shedding tears, were
overcome. When contributions came in from
the great city of St. Louis, supposed to be a
commercial rival of Chicago; wlwn a meeting
was called in that city while yet the city of
Chicago was in flames, and in less than an
hour $100,000 were subscribed to relieve the
destitute; when the railroads were cleared of
all other business, and there were speeding over
them, at the rate of forv miles au hour, car-
loads of provisions; and when they came roll-
ing into Chicago, the men who had seen their
all consumed and shed no tears were over-
come by the kindness they were receiving,
and, forgetting all animosities, were melted
together as one people.
And, sir, since this discussion began, there
has been laid on my table, coming through our
consul in the city of Buenos Ayres, away off
in South America, a letter from Mr. Zimmer-
man, of that city, inclosing a draft, which I
hold in my hand, for seven hundred and odd
dollars, in gold, for the benefit, of the sufferers
by the Chicago fire, and accompanying it is a
list giving the names of the contributors and
the amount, given by each person in that
distant land.
And now, sir, the Senate of the United
Slates hesitates as to whether it will allow these
people, burned out, their dwellings destroyed,
the industry of a life-time consumed, to import,
without paying duties upon them, the neces-
sary materials to reconstruct their dwellings!
Why , sir, such an act as thisl had hoped would
have been done gracefully and without, opposi-
tion. The people of the whole world opened
their hearts and their pockets to relieve 'this
distress ; and yet the Senate of the Uni'ed
States hesitates whether it shall not collect the
last dollar off these people on the materials
that they import with which to erect dwellings
to protect them from the weather.
Sir, I am sorry to see this, and I regret that
Senators from other States should think of
embarrassing this bill, to which they are not
opposed, by moving amendments to include
other localities. I Will not discuss with them
whether the calamity in Michigan and Wiscon-
sin was greater or less than that in Chicago.
God knows it was bad enough in Chicago, as
the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Ferry] and
myself can both testify. I am sorry that there
should be any disposiiion to stay this bill on
account, of the other cases. I do not under-
stand either of the Senators to be opposed to the
bill, but they think that other places should be
included. If they think that other places are
entitled to the same relief, about which I have
no controversy with them, I ask them in fair-
ness, when this bill with reference to Chicago
has passed the IIouso and is pending here, not
to embarrass or delay it by insisting on amend-
ing it so as to extend relief to other localities.
Now, one word in reply to the Senator from
Pennsylvania, who thought there might be some
constitutional objection to the bill. I think
there can be none. This bill provides that cer-
tain articles shall be admitted free of duty, not
imported necessarily at Chicago, but that arti-
cles which are imported, and which are con-
signed to Chicago to be used and are used in
the buildings to be erected upon this burnt dis-
trict, shall come in free of duty. That makes
no distinction, in the language of the Constitu-
tion, between the different ports of the country.
It is not unusual legislation. We have some-
times allowed goods, imported from abroad to
be used for particular purposes, to come in
free, or have allowed a drawback where they
are imported and used in a particular way. We
allow a drawback on .goods imported to this
country and then exported to foreign coun-
tries.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is a drawback on
salt now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is to-day, the
Senator from Maine reminds me, a drawback
on salt.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Is it a draw-
back or an exemption ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not see that that
would make any difference. Sometimes we
have authorized articles to be imported free of
duty that went into a particular kind of ma-
chinery. My recollection is that some years
ago a law was passed allowing machinery for
the manufacture of flax to come in free of
duty for a certain length of time. Such legis-
lation has been common in the history of the
country.
I cannot think, Mr. President, that there is
any constitutional objection to the passage of
the bill, and I hope we may come to a vote
upon it. I am aware that we are considering
it now by the indulgence of the Senator from
Maine [Mr. Morriia] who has the floor to-
day upon another subject; and I do hope that
the Senate will allow this bill to pass, andthat
our friends from Wisconsin and Michigan will
not insist upon putting on this bill the amend-
ments which they have suggested, bat will
introduce them as new bills, to stand upon
their own merits, and I doubt not they will
receive the favorable consideration of Congress
if they come within the principle of this bill,
and if they do not, I am sure the Senators
from Wisconsin and Michigan would not ask
to embarrass this bill with them.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I hope the
Senator from Vermont will withdraw his
amendment and let us vote directly on the
bill, and 1 say to the Senators from Michigan
that if they wish to get something for the re-
lief of their people who have met with such
terrible misfortunes, I will do whatever I can
to aid them. It seems to me that money was
made not to be hoarded but to do good. The
people of Chicago have had come upon them
a most terrible misfortune, and, for one, I am
ready to go as far as we can possibly go under
the Constitution of the United States to aid
them. The people have had a terrible mis-
fortune come upon them in portions of Wis-
consin and Michigan, and if this great nation
can aid them in any way, I think it ought to
do it.- The world was made to grow men and
women ; money was made to do good with and
not to be hoarded up or higgled over ; and, for
one, I desire to vote for this bill pure and
simple as it came from the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. SHERMAN. I concurred in reporting
this bill in deference to the precedent in the
Portland case, though I perceive that that pre-
cedent has been very much misunderstood,
and that statements have been made in legard
to it which are not sustained by the record.
My impression was that there was no debate
upon or any opposition to the bill in regard to
Portland, and on referring to the rccord I find
that that was the case. The bill was intro-
duced on the 27th of July, 1866, in terms very
