1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3241
them that permission, and, my word for it,
they will not drink chiecory tor coffee any more
than they will drink coffee for tea. There is
no danger of it at all. Simply give them per-
sonal liberty, Their mother-wit is their surest
guide and protection in such matters. The
vice of all systems of protection is that they
assume greater wisdom in law-makers than
the people possess. They are wrong, and
their systems are not organized in the interests
of the people at all.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend by
making the duty three cents.
I hold in my hand a paper which forms the
substratum of the speech of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Kerb,] who has so much to say
about monopoly, and who speaks so eloquently
and touchingly on behalf of the people. I will
read a sentence from this paper, and I ask the
gentleman's attention and the attention of the
House. Speaking of chiccory, it says:
"All that is imported goes through two houses in
New York city. These two houses havesent Mr. H.
M. Williams hereto present their case before the
Committees of Ways and Means and Finance."
Those two importing houses in New York
city, I presume, are not the monopolies of
whom the gentleman from Indiana speaks.
By no manner of means.
Mr. KERR. They are not.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman from Indi-
ana can advocate the interests of those houses
so that they may be entitled to bring chiccory
into this country aud sell it to the people as
genuine coffee, and pay no duty upon it. And
that is in the interest of the people 1 And
when we stop at our wayside houses along our
railroads, we are treated to this miserable
article, chiccory, and made to pay for it as
coffee. And all that is to be done by the anti-
monopolists ! That is standing up for the mil-
lions!
These houses have sent Mr. H. M. Wil-
liams here to present their case. They are
the parties for whom the gentleman from
Indiana is standing up, that they may be
enabled to get this article into the market
and palm it off as a substitute for coffee. I
am opposed to this. Let the duty stand as
it is now. In the last Congress we refused
to reduce the duty on chiccory, because every
one knew that it was a substitute for coffee,
that it was used as an adulteration and sold
for coffee.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to say to the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] that 1 made
no proposition that we should adopt proceed-
ings against the adulteration of coffee. That
is a matter for State legislation. It is for the
States to provide against the adulteration, the
criminal adulteration of the necessities of life.
But if we reduce the duty on this article we
encourage that adulteration. It is used, as I
believe—and since I first spoke I have had
what I consider to be good confirmation of the
truth of my statement—if not entirely for the
adulteration of coffee, yet generally for that
purpose. That is the testimony that I have
received. That is the almost exclusive use that
is made of it. If so, we ought not to reduce
the duty which is now imposed upon it.
This, Mr. Chairman, is no drink for the
poor, it is no food for the poor; there is no
sustenance, there is no advantage in it. And
if it has been used to adulterate coffee, it has
only been because the price of coffee has been
exorbitantly high in consequence of the duties
imposed upon it. We have now taken off the
Mty on coffee, and there is no reason which
1 can understand why we should reduce the
duty on an article that is imported for the pur-
Pose of adulterating a drink which we believe
to be healthful and beneficial to all classes of
the people.
My friend from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard]
has told us why it is sought to make this
article free. There are but two houses, it
seems, which import it. There is certainly
here a distinct and direct monopoly, the only
one which has been chased out in the whole of
this discussion. We have the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] as the strongest and
only defender of this monopoly in the chiccory
trade. We are informed that there are but
two houses on this continent which import
this article, which is used for the purpose of
adulterating and injuring a drink which we
have made free because it is beneficial for
the people. But making chiccory free would
injure that drink, and thus circumvent our
own legislation. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Kerr] is the only man who stands up
and demands that it shall be put upon the free
list for the benefit of these two commercial
houses.
Mr. KERR. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts ought not to make a statement of
that kind. I am sure he knows in his heatt,,
as well as he knows that he lives, that I have
never cast a vote in this House for monopoly.
Rather than do so, I would resign my seat
and retire to private life for the balance of
my days. There is no monopoly in this thing.
The gentleman from Massachusetts takes the
assertion of the gentleman from Tennessee,
which is baseless. I say to him that whenever
anybody 
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. KERR. I do not yield.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman must
yield. He cannot say I made a baseless mis-
statement and then refuse to yield. I read
from the paper which he holds in his hands,
if he has the paper I think he has.
Mr. KERR. I have not that paper. And
I repeat my statement, that this outcry
against the importers of this country is all an
after-thought; it is strategic and cunning,
and that is all there is in it; it comes from an
interested motive.
It is to divert attention from your own
monopolies. Let me tell you, and the people
of this country, that every man who comes
here and advocates a reduction of taxation is
a friend of the people; he is my friend; he
is a friend of mankind. Importers come here
and advocate a reduction of duties ; they do
not put into their pockets the reduction on
duties ; but those reductions go to the benefit
of the people of this country. It is for the
people that taxes are reduced. Is taxation so
desirable and precious a thing that these pro
tectionists should want to continue it ? They
do not pay it; the people do. The people
pay but little of this sort of taxation into the
Treasury; they pay most of it to the protec-
tionists. That is the secret of their atixie'y
to keep it up. That is the reason I want to
take it off.
The reduction of those duties does not give
any plunder to importers. Why, the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania and his friends over
there are willing to reduce the duties on tea
and coffee. They do not act in the interest
of the monopolizing importers of tea and coffee,
I suppose. Of course I would not insinuate
any absurd theory like that. They mean noth-
ing of the kind, and they knew there was no
foundation for any such assumption, and there
never was. All these importations come in
the country under the natural laws of trade
and traffic. And the people of this country
have the right, original and God-given, to buy
where they please and of whom they please.
This outcry is simply to compel them to buy
of those that the protectionists want them
to buy of; that is what it all means. They
deny the right to personal liberty of exchange ;
I defend it; I say it can only be justly with-
held or abridged when it is necessary for rev-
enue. The Government may limit my liberty
of exchange when it gains what I lose thereby,
but not otherwise. It is not right or honest to
do so for my neighbor's advantage.
Mr. DAWES. I think here would be a good
place to read a little Scripture. [Laughter.]
I hold in my hand an address of the society ,
of Tammany at a time when it was pure.and
powerful and^ruled the Democratic party. It
was issued in the day of its power and purity
when it sent forth the true doctrine of Democ-
racy. What they then said was " thus saith the
Scriptures." Now I will read from the address
of that society to its absent members in 1819:
"The almost tota] absence of our own fabrics has
caused the introduction of those of the most spuri-
ous kind from other countries; and it is a notorious
fact that articles to a serious amount are manufac-
tured abroad for the express purpose of being sold
at auction in the United States. By this our own
manufacturer is undersold, and, what is as mortify-
ing, he is a sufferer from the frauds of strangers.
"The remedy against our being surcharged with
foreign goods, and the means of introducing manu-
facture, is to forbid entirely the importation of
articles which can be on any tolerable terms, manu-
factured by ourselves. This would not only apply
the cure, but from the identity and stamps of the
domestic fabrics, prevent its being evaded by smug-
gling. Congress should not be afraid of their too
much favored system of indirect taxation upon the
consumer by impost and tonnage. It is often a
golden pill to the people, and destroys the responsi-
bility of Government. This revenue, from changes
in the objects of commerce, would soon find it8
wonted level; and if it did not, for a lew years let
the public lands supply the deficiency."
Now, this is what the scripture says, and
this is the answer which I give to the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] coming from
Tammany when Tammany was pure and pow-
erful and ruled the Democracy.
Mr, KERR. I want to ask the gentleman
if he indorses that doctrine?
Mr. DAWES. No, sir; it is a great deal
steeper than I can go.
Mr. COX. Why do you not join Tammany
to help them on?
Mr. DAWES. Oh, it has got corrupted
down there in New York so that the very
vernacular of a Representative from New
York is about thieving; he talks about thiev-
ing all the time.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I did not
suppose that with all the latent eloquence of
this House so much eloquence could possibly
be aroused on the subject of chiccory. One
word in reply to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] One of the charac-
teristics of all parties, and doubtless one of
the characteristics of Tammany, certainly a
characteristic of the Democratic party, is as a
party of progress; not a dead party, a para-
lyzed party, a party which learns nothing from
past history.
But there is one thing Tammany Hall has
learned. In 1819 when Tammany Hall ruled
the whole country, more or less, the duties on
all imported articles were on the average
about twenty per cent. ; if they ever went up
to thirty under the policy of the Whig party,
that was the extreme limit of protection at
that time. Our importations then were com-
paratively small. But a large portion of the
Republican party—not that portion called
'•revenue reformers," or that portion which
is for the reduction of taxation, but a large
portion of the Republican party—hold now to
the theory that the higher the duty the greater
the prohibition. But what are the facts?
Since I860 Congress has been levying tax upon
tax, duty upon duty. We have piled Pelion
upon Ossa. We have made our duties exces-
sively high in order to prohibit the importation
of British, Irish, German, and Italian goods.
The consequence has been that the more the
duties are piled on, the greater are the import-
ations. As has been stated in the Senate by
the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
though taxation in this country is heavier than
upon any other people in the world there
never was a period when our importations
were so great as now.
Our experience since the beginning of the
war has reversed the whole argument of gen-
tlemen on the other side. Tammany Hall, if
it has learned anything, has learned that it is
not enormous duties that stop importations ; it
is revenue duties, rational moderate taxation,
that stops irrational importation. I will venture
to say, Mr. Chairman, that as you reduce this
