502
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 20,
Ho. op Reps.
Alabama Claims—Mr. Roberts.
42d Cong 2d Sess.
Melbourne, Australia, received positive evi-
dence that the Shenandoah, then in port, had
received a large accession of men and arms
and was about, departing on her voyage of de-
struction. He called on one official after an-
other to try and get them to stop the vessel,
but without success. He was finally referred
to the Crown solicitor, Mr. Garner. In his
interview with this individual he said:
" I have called upon you, as the representative of
her Majesty, with evidence to lay before you of a
large number of men about violating the neutrality
laws of the country."
To which he replied in a mock, sneering,
and insulting manner:
" X don't care. I want my dinner, and I must have
it."
The consul says that hethen turned his back
and walked off. When about a dozen paces
off, thinking that he had not been sufficiently
insulting, he turned and hallooed out, "My
dinner, Lord, that is what I want."
The consul
"I was moat grossly insulted both in word and
manner."
And again:
" The immunitiesthat I enjoyed as United States
consul were of a peculiar nature. Instead of being
assisted by the authorities, I was only baffled,
and taught how certain proceedings could not be
instituted."
A sailor on board the Shenandoah swore—
" That every facility was afforded us, both by the
officials and people of Melbourne, to make our re-
pairs and to procure our supplies; indeed, in every-
thing we wanted. The Government engineer was on
board our ship while we were undergoing repairs
three or four times a day, and oertainly assisted
them with his opinions and advice, if he did not
actually superintend our repairs."
These repairs were carried on with the
greatest expedition in the Government patent
slips. TheSheimndoah remained in Melbourne
twenty-four days, during which time she took
•n three hundred tons of coal, which, with
the four hundred on board, made seven hun-
dred, and recruited forty-three men. Two
months later, the captain of the United States
steamer Connecticut asked permission to re-
main twenty-four hours at liarbadoes for the
purpose of overhauling the piston and engine,
but the request was refused unless he could give
assurance that the vessel was not fit for sea.
This the captain as an honorable man could
not give, and he had to leave port at once. A
similar spirit was evinced at Nassau, Bermuda,
and Jamaica. At one of the ports 111 the latter
island, the English admiral paid a visit of
ceremony to the Alabama after one of her
successful cruises, and the visit was returned
by the captain of the Alabama.
The Sumter made her escape from New
Orleans in June, 1861. Within thirty days she
captured eleven American vessels, and on the
30i hot'July entered one of the harbors of Tiiui-
dad. The British flag, the same under which
she made her first cupture, was hoisted on the
Government flag-staff as a compliment. She
remained therefor six days, taking in coal, with
I he consent and approval of the attorney gen-
eral.
In January, 1862, Mr. Adams complained
to Lord Russell that the port of Nassau was
used as a depot of supplies for the confederacy,
and was told in reply that inquiry had been
made and that the complaint was entirely im-
aginary. About the same time Lord Palmer-
sion very significantly announced to Mr. Adams
that—
"It would not do for the United States ships of
war to harass British commerce on the high seas
underpretext of preventing the confederates from
receiving things that are contraband of war."
On the 5th of February, 1863, Lord Russell
said in the House of Lords:
" But there may be one end of the war that would
prove a calamity to the United States and to the
world, and especially calamitous to the negro race
in those countries, nnd that would be the subjuga-
tion of the South by the North."
And again on the Sth of June, 1864, he de-
clared in the same place:
"It is dreadful to think that hundreds of thou-
sands of men are being slaughtered for the purpose
of preventing the southern States from acting on
those very principles of independence which in 1776
were asserted by the whole of America against this
country."
In further evidence of the fact that the feel-
ing of hostility toward the people of the Uni-
ted States pervaded all classes in Great Britain,
that it was open, exultant, intense, and bitter,
I will give a few quotations from the official
correspondence of our representatives abroad.
Mr. Dudley, our consul, wrote from Liver-
pool in July, 1862:
" I am doing all I can to gain additional evidence
against these vessels, but I find it now more difficult
than ever. The men who gave evidence in a former
case have been losers by it. Some have been turned
out of employment, and others lost jobs. Neil
Black, a ship-carpenter, has been informed by three
firms for whom he worked that they would remove
their business from him because' he testified in the
case of the Alexandra. The feeling is deep and
strong against us, and the whole town seems to take
sides with those who are building the vessels. It ig
not at aii certain that any jury in this country would
condemn a vessel, let the evidence be ever so con-
elusive. I have strong doubts if the jury in the
Alexandra case would have iound a verdict even if
the judge had charged them to do so. But the judge
did not so charge; he burlesqued the law. and told
the jury they could find, and that the sailing of the
Alabama was no more a violatiou of the foreign
enlistment act than any other different matter that
might happen about a boat ofany kind whatsoever."
In relation to this case, tried before a Lon-
don jury, Mr. Adams writes the 8th of April,
1864:
"There was never such a comedy performed in the
whole history of law. The feeling of the profession
seems on the whole to be one of mortification at the
utter inefficiency of the nationaf tribunals to admin-
ister justice."
And he says further "that the English are
indifferent to reproach." Notruer words were
ever uttered than that the English as a people
are indifferent to reproach. To say that they
were not would be to assert that in their rela-
tions with others they were capable of being
influenced by any sense of honor, honesty, or
justice, and the whole world has long since
come to the conclusion that they are, as a
nation, utterly and absolutely devoid of any of
these virtues.
But Mr. Adams was in error in saying the
tribunals were inefficient. Why, sir, it is one
of the rarest events in the history of British
jurisprudence to find an English judge or
jury give a decision or render a verdict con-
trary to the wishes of the Crown. English
judges may exercise a certain independence
as between subjects of the realm, but when
the Government is interested, judges who are
the mere creatures of the Crown, and who
themselves are imbued and influenced by the
interests and prejudices of their nation, never
fail in giving a decision entirely satislactory
to the power that creates them. And as to
juries, why, sir, England understands how to
make up a jury so as to give whatever verdict
may be required, as well as she knows how to
twist a law to suit herself, or evade an obliga-
tion when it is her interest to do so. If there
is any one thing under heaven that England
knows how to do better than another, it is
how to make up a jury. No, sir; England
may fail in doing some things as well as she
might, but in packing a jury so as to render a
true and loyal verdict accordiug to the intent
and meaning and desires of her Majesty's
ministers, she stands without a peer among
the nations.
It is the greatest absurdity to suppose that
the laws of England were not ample to pre-
vent the acts of hostility of which we so justly
complained ; and to prove this beyond a rea-
sonable doubt I need onlyreferto heraetionin
relation to the iron-clad rams constructed for
the confederate government by the Lairds. In
1862 the construction of two of these were com-
menced. One was launched on the 4th of July,
1863, and immediately thereafter Mr. Adams
wrote to Russell, transmitting affidavits as to
the character and object of the vessels; on
the 14th of August and on the 25th of Septem-
ber he forwarded additional evidence; but the
English Government did not even deign to
answer his letters; the work of preparation con-
tinued, and even the coal was put on board,
showing the intention of an early departure for
sea. On the 4th of September Mr. AdamS for-
warded more affidavits to Russell, and entered
in the name of the American Government
'"a last solemn protest against the commission
of such an act of hostility against a friendly
nation." On the same day he received a
reply from Russell stating that her Majesty's
Government "are advised that they cannot
interfere in any way with these vessels." To
this Mr. Adams replied on the next day:
" It would be needless in me to point out to your
lordship that this is war."
This last intimation, that the sailing of these
rams would be looked upon as a declaration
of war by the United States Government, com-
ing as it did after the victory of Gettysburg,
the capture of Vicksburg and Port Hudson,
and the news that a fresh draft for three hun-
dred thousand troops, reached England, made
her Majesty's ministers pause and count the
cost and prospects of a war with a Republic
that was not, after all, so hopelessly dismem-
bered as they hoped and believed. An army
of five hwndred thousand victorious veterans
in the field with three hundred thousand more
on the way to reenforce them, and five million
freemen ready to take their place, should
England openly engage in our domestic quar-
rel, was quite sufficient to make the assas-
sins of Downing street change their minds.
And change they did; and accordingly, four
days after his last reply stating that the Gov-
ernment would not interfere, Russell presented
his compliments to our minister, informing him
that instructions had been issued which would
prevent the departure of the two iron-clad
vessels from Liverpool.
On the 24th of the following month the
Lairds received the following reply :
" I am commanded by the lords commissioners of
her Majesty's treasury to acquaint you that they are
unable to comply with your request to make a trial
trip of the El Tousson, one of the iron-clad vessels
fitting in your yards, in the course of this week or
within any other suitable time."
On the 27th of the same month the customs
officer wrote to Laird Brothers;
" I hereby beg to inform you that your two
cupola vessels are now detained undei the two hun-
dred and twenty-third section of the customs con-
solidation act, the ground being a violation of the
foreign enlistment act. And I takefurther leave to
state that the officers in charge have received orders
to remove your workmen."
On the 29th the Lairds protested, but were
told in reply "that the orders were well con-
sidered and could not be revoked or altered."
Efforts were made at various times, up to the
27th of the following May, to induce the Gov-
ernment to permit the rams to leave ; but to
no effect, finding that they had to do one
of two things: permit the rams to sail and take
the chance of war with the victorious North, or
bring the Lairds into court and under the very
laws which they said were not violated or were
insufficient to meet the case, convict the Lairds,
and thus make the Government morally and
pecuniarily responsible for the acts of the Ala-
bama and kindred craft. To escape from
this dilemma they purchased the vessels ; not
through love of the United States, not from a
sense of justice to a nation they had most
foully injured, not through any regard to trea-
ties or the requirements of international law,
but clearly and evidently to save themselves
from the consequences of their own misdeeds.
From this tune forth the success of the
northern States became assured, and the hos-
tile acts of Great Britain became proportion-
