3242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
mode of taxation you will encourage all classes
of American manufacturers. Tl^ cheaper you
make raw material, leather, iron, coal, the
more you invigorate American labor and the
more you increase our power to manufacture
in competition with all the other manufacturers
of I he world. On the other hand, while you
follow the theory of prohibitory duties for the
sake of protection, the consequence is enorm-
ous importation, the flooding of our country
with foreign goods to the detriment of American
industry. These are the facts.
Mr.- DAWES. Without any personal offense
to my friend from New York [Mr. Brooks]
I must say I think he is a better defender of
Tammany now than of Tammany in 1819.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BANKS. I rise to oppose the pending
amendment. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Kerb] certainly has mistaken my pur-
pose in the observations I have made. I have
no interest whatever in this question. It is
not so much the question of duty, high or low,
of which I speak; it is the matter of fraud.
I am opposed to placing this article in the
free list because it is used to deceive and to
injure the people of this country by foisting
upon them a fraudulent and injurious beverage.
So far from its being the fact that it is an arti-
cle used by the poor;, so far from its being the
fact, that it is beneficial to any class of people,
I believe the authorities will justify me in
maintaining that in its general use it is a mis-
chievous article. 1 protest against the aboli-
tion of the duty on this article because it is
used for these fraudulent purposes. I am not
considering the question of revenue or pro-
tection. If we abolish the duty, and allow
this article to be brought into the country by
these one or two houses for the purpose of
adulteration of coffee, we stultify ourselves,
and undo in great part the good we have done
by the abolition of the duty upon coffee.
I do not mean to urge so large a duty per-
haps as that which is now imposed ; but I do
believe that we ought not. lo abolish the duty
altogether. The analysis which the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Kuiut] has is the
analysis of the importers who want the duty
removed. I have here better authority, which
is not introduced with reference to the duty
at all. 1 move to make the duty on this
article one hundred per cent. That is a re-
duction of ninety-three per cent.
The CHAIRMAN. Thatmotion is notnow
in order.
Mr. BURCIIARD. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] is to
reduce the duty upon tinground chiccory, upon
which the duty is now four eenls.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman has not
heard niy proposition correctly.
Mr. BURCHARD. 1 heard it so read.
Mr. KELLEY. There lias been none un-
grouod made by me. I propose to do it pro-
portionately on what is unground.
Mr. BANKS. Let me read aline from the
American Encyclopedia.
Mr. BURC11ARI). I am afraid you will
take up all of my time.
Mr. BANKS. I will not. It is stated in the
American Encyclopedia that in cases where it
is used for a long time its effects are often
deleterious, especially on the nervous system.
Mr. STEVENSON. So it has been said of
coffee.
Mr. BURCHARD. I call the attention of
the committee to this fact. The gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Maysard] denounces
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] that
his motion is in the interest of monopoly.
Why? Because he proposes to reduce. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley]
started the motion. lie moved to reduce to
one cent and the gentleman from Tennessee
to three cents. Tlie gentleman from Indiana
says lie thinks it ought to be free. If one is
in the interest of monopoly, then they all are.
They all point in the same direction.
Now, sir, all we should care for is the inter-
est of the consumers and of the Treasury. If
the consumers will be benefited by the reduc-
tion and the Treasury will not be harmed by
the reduction I agree with the gentleman we
ought to vote for this. This is a high duty. I
am willing to vote for a reduction, a reason-
able reduction on both kinds, and not upon
unground alone. The cost of unground is only
twoand ahalfcents, according to the commerce
and navigation report, and the price of ground
is three cents. The only difference then should
be one half cent. You should not make a dis-
crimination of duty greater than the difference
in the value of the articles. I therefore hope
the proposition of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Maynard] to reduce it to three
cents on unground will be amended so as to
reduce it on ground to three and a half cents.
The difference is only one cent, the duty being
five cents and four cents, and with that duty
there is none imported of the unground. I
shall move to insert after the word " ground,"
"or unground," and so let them both stand at
the same price, being a reduction to three
cents, which would not be unreasonable, unless
indeed the proposition of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] should have weight
with the committee.
Mr. FA HNS WORTH. Does my colleague
say but little of this is imported?
Mr. BURCHAUD. It is not imported in
any large quantities as I understand, for dur-
ing the last fiscal year the revenue on chiccory
was only $302,000.
Mr. DAWES. 1 hope now we shall have a
vote, and debate on.chiccory will be closed.
Mr. POTTER. I hope not, as I desire to
say a woid.
Mr. DAWES. On this matter?
Mr. POTTER. Yes, on chiccory.
Mr. DAWES. Oh, no.
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment
is in order, and debate oil the pending amend-
ment is exhausted. The question now is on
the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Maynard,] lo strike out "one cent,"
and insert "three cents."
Mr. MAYNARD. May I be permitted to
say the duty is now four cents, and I propose
to reduce it to three cents.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 30, noes 70.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to move an amend-
ment. 1 move to make it two cents. That is
a reduction of one hundred per cent.
Mr. POT TER. Mr. Chairman. I think the
gentleman from Massachusetts, who lias just
spoken has put the defense of any duty on
chiccory under existinj circumstances on the
only ground upou which it can be put with
any plausibility. It is in itself a mere substi-
tute for coffee, if coffee is to be free, then,
as a matter of tariff regulation merely, chic
cory ought to be free also.
But the gentleman from Massachusetts says
that it is deleterious, and that its importation
into this country ought to be restricted so
that it should be prevented from coming into
use. Well, if it be so deleterious then it ought
to be prohibited from coming in at all, not
merely made subject to duty. There is not a
great deal of it brought into the country from
any quarter. I am told that if ail that is
imported were taken by one mill it would not
give employment to three men to grind it.
But as regards the importation and use of
this article, it does seem clear to me that the
American people ought to be allowed to judge
for themselves what they should drink and
what they should not drink in their coffee. A
great many people think that coffee is delete-
rious ; I think it is for myself, and do not gen-
erally drink it. But it lias never occurred to
me that coffee should be excluded from the
country on that account.
Many drink chiccory with their coffee be-
, cause they think it improves it. A gentleman
sitting at my left says he always drinks it with
his coffee, and insists that the coffee is made
better by it. I think the American people are
competent to judge for themselves what they
should put into their coffee and what they will
keep out of it.
I submit that if Congress attempts to im-
pose a duty on an article used for ordinary pur-
poses of life, because we think it ought, not
to be used, we undertake legislation which
does not properly belong to us. And if we(.
do this now for the first time, I say we still doit!
altogether too soon. I insist, therefore, that'
chiccory should be put whe re coffee has already
gone, much against my will—that is, ou the
free list.
Mr. WALLACE. I presume, Mr. Chair-
man, that gentlemen who have talked so learn-
edly in regard to the matter of chiccory, have
not had the experience which some of us had
during a certain period of time within the
recollection of the House. I regard chiccory as
not only worthless, but as positively injurious
as a substitute for coffee. No intelligent set
of men who may be reduced to it as we were in
the South during the war will long continue its
use. For myself I would prefer that it should
be excluded altogether. I am satisfied it would
be better for the American people if this were
done.
Mr. POTTER. Let mo ask the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Wallace] whether
chiccory is not a variety of the dandelion root,
which is also used as a substitute for coffee,
and whether he would have the dandelion root
prohibited also ?
Mr. WALLACE. I believe the gentleman
from New York knows very little about it. I
speak from experience. I speak from what,
in the South, we all knew to our cost. I hope
the duty will not be reduced below two cents,
and I would prefer to see it going over that
figure.
The question being put on the amendment
of Mr. Baxks to the amendment of Mr. Kel 
ley, to insert two cents, instead of one cent
per pound, as the duty on chiccory, there were—
ayes 40, noes 59 ; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers, and appointed Mr. Banks and Mr.
Potter.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 48, noes 73.
So the amendment to the amendment was
disagreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is next
on the amendment of the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Burcjuaud] to the amendment of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kel-
ley. J
Mr. BURCHARD. I will modify my amend-
ment, by inserting the words "ground or," so
that it will read, " on chiccory root, grouud or
unground, one cent per pound."
Mr. KELLEY. In moving to insert chiccory
at one cent per pound, it was my purpose, it
that should be agreed to, to move next a duty
of twocents per pound on chiccory root, ground
or prepared. This article yields a consider-
able revenue. While from imports of chic-
cory root unground we derived $362 of duty,
we derived from chiccory ground or prepared
$115,874. It is in that form that the article
comes in for adulteration, and we derive that
revenue from a duty of five cents per pound.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Burchabd]
would by his amendment increase the import-
ation and yet diminish the revenue; for,
unless the amount ran up fivefold, the reve-
nue would not be increased. I propose while
making the duty on the unprepared article one
cent, to make the duty on the other two or two
and a half cents, as the House may determine.
I therefore oppose the gentleman's amend-
ment.
Mr. BURCHARD. If all the chiccory now
imported were ground at one place it would
not employ one man half the year.
Mr. KELLEY. I have not spoken of it as
