554
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
similar to the second section of the present
bill. I read from the Globe:
"Mr. Lynch, of Maine. X askunanimous'consent
to introduce a bill for the relief of the sufferers by
fire at Portland, Maine."
Leave was granted; there was no debate
upon it. The bill was taken up by unanimous
consent, and within three minutes was passed
without the yeas and nays, simply by a vote
by tellers. There was no division on the final
passage of the bill in the House. It came to
the Senate, and I will read all that occurred
in regard to it in the Senate:
" The bill (H. R. No. 814) for the relief of the suffer-
ers by the late fire at Portland was read twicebyits
title.
"Mr. Fessendex. I should like to have that bill
taken up and acted upon now. It is very short, and
I presume there will bo no objection to it.
"By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the bill."
Then it is recited :
"The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed."—ConsressiojiaZ Globe, Thirty
Ninth Congress, First Session, p. 4222.
This precedent having been set, I, for one.
did not feel at liberty to disregard the prece'
dent in a case like this, where the argument in
favor of the passage of such a bill was im-
mensely stronger. I therefore voted against
the amendment now proposed by the Senator
from Vermont in committee, on the ground
that if this precedent was to be followed, it
had better be followed in a spirit of generous
liberality rather'than to make exceptions or
qualifications.
It is true that there was a very long debate
on another bill for the relief of Portland, and
that was just the kind of a bill that the honor-
able Senator from Pennsylvania now advises
us to pass, namely, a bill appropriating directly
so much money for the relief of the sufferers
by fire at Portland. I find that in that debate
a large number of the Senators participated,
the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] him-
self opposing the measure with great ability,
as he always does, and the bill was passed by a
very close vote. The debate extended during
the greater part of a day, covering many col-
umns of the Globe, and the bill was only car-
ried by two or three majority. Thus, after
the debate, Congress passed by a close vote
a proposition appropriating §50,000 for the
relief of the sufferers at Portland, and subse-
quently passed without objection, by a practi-
cally unanimous vote of both Houses, a bill
similar to that now before us. The constitu-
tional objection was never presented; the point
now made by the Senator from Pennsylvania
was never presented. I must confess, from
the little reflection I have been able to give to
it, that although that provision of the Consti-
tution was familiar to me, I am not able now to
answer the point. This is not a proposition
similar to the propositions that have been
passed remitting duties on certain things. The
bill that passed yesterday was a proposition
remitting duties on a certain class of machin-
ery, it made no difference where imported.
This bill has a discrimination in favor of the
port of Chicago.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think not, as the Sen-
ator will see if he will look at it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Secretary to
read the second section of the bill.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 2. That there shall be allowed and paid, under
suen regulations as the Secretary of the -Treasury
shall prescribe, oil all materials imported to be and
actually used in buildings erected on the ground
burned over by said fire, a drawback of the import
duties upon the same: Provided, That said mate-
rials shaii have been imported and used during the
term of one year from and after the passage of this
Mr. TRUMBULL. It does not say where
they shall be imported.
Mr." SHERMAN. Now read the first section.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
That all goods, wares, and merchandise which
may be sent from places without the limits of the
United States as gratuitous contributions for the
relief of sufferers by the fire which occurred at Chi-
cago, October 7, 8, and 9, A. D. 1871, shall, when
imported and consigned to the proper authority at
Chicago for distribution, be admitted free of duty.
Mr. SHERMAN. Without the language
before me, as the point has just been made, I
am not sure that it is well taken. If the im-
portation may be made at any port and the
remission of duty applies to the article, then
it is not unconstitutional.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is it.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator will pardon me.
I read from the bill as it came from the House.
No amendment has been adopted yet, as I
understand. I have not before me the bill
as now reported. I read simply from the
original bill as it came from the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. That distinction should
be carefully made, because it is perfectly clear
that if this was a discrimination in favor of
the port of Chicago, it would be unconstitu-
tional.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It clearly is not.
Mr. SHERMAN. And in that case the
accounting officers would not pay any money
under it. But if it is a discrimination in favor of
goods of a particular character or description,
to be used at a particular place, I do not see
that there is any objection on the score of con-
stitutionality. It may be setting a bad prece-
dent, but it seem to me it does not come within
the literal language of the Constitution. I
regard it as simply a gratuity, a contribution
by the people of the United States for the
relief of the sufferers by fire at Chicago. I am
not sure that the example thus set will not be
a second precedent of a dangerous character.
The original precedent was set without much
consideration and without much debate. I am
not sure but that it would be belter for ug to
do as all the people of the United States have
done, and contribute largely from the Treasury
of the United States for the relief of the suf-
ferers by fire at Chicago, rather than set
another dangerous example. It is true I con-
curred in reporting this bill, and shall vote
against any amendments to it. but if any other
mode of relief can be devised that will avoid
the repetition of such an example, I should be
rather disposed to substitute that for this. I
do not wish to interfere with the management
of the bill, because the Senators from Illinois
naturally feel a local interest in it.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to call the attention
of the Senator from Ohio to one statement that
he let fall—I do not know whether it referred
to me or not, but I presume it did—that the
statements were incorrect which were made in
reference to the previous discussion in the
Senate on this particular question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understood the Senator
from Illinois to state that this particular ques-
tion had been discussed.
_ Mr. LOGAN. I said that this question was
discussed most fully ; I was speaking of relief
being granted to sufferers. I may have said,
but I did not intend to say, that this particular
point was discussed ; but the geneial principle
of affording relief to distressed persons was
discussed most fully in the Senate. That is
true. I read that discussion clear through,
every word of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator-will under-
stand me as saying that this mode of relief by
the remission of duties was, so far as I know,
nowhere discussed.
Mr. LOGAN. This particular bill at the
time was not before the Senate; but the appro-
priation the Senator speaks of was before the
Senate, and was most fully discussed in refer-
ence to the principle of the power of Congress
to appropriate money or afford relief to per-
sons in distress from hunger, earthquake, fire,
or anything else. That general principle was
discussed fully in the Senate. Then when a
bill like this came from the House it seemed
to the Senate that the whole question had
been discussed, though this particular bill was
not before the Senate at the time of the discus-
sion, as the gentleman stated. My reference
was to the whole question in regard to Port-
land, that it was fully discussed. I think the
debate ran over two days—one day certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will inform the Sen-
ator from Illinois that I have the discussion
before me, and it must have extended through
two or three hours; it covers several pages of
the Globe.
Mr. LOGAN. At any rate it was discussed
on one bill, and the next bill was passed with-
out discussion, because the debate seemed to
settle the whole question. That was the idea
I intended to convey to the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Allow me to correct the
Senator again. At the time of this discussion
the bill for the remission of duties had not
been introduced in either House.
Mr. LOGAN. I said it was not before the
Senate at the time of the discussion; I do not
know exactly the time it was introduced; but
the general question of the power of Congress
to relieve communities under circumstances of
this kind was most fully discussed. As to this
question of relieving duties, I did not know
until the Senator raised it that such a ques-
tion as that was an open question for discus-
sion. Inasmuch as every Congiess passes bills
taking the duties off certain articles, I did not
suppose that was a question which was open.
I supposed it bad been settled long ago by the
opinion of Congress, and I suppose so yet.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It seems to me,
Mr. President, that the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont is eminently proper,
which is to specify the articles that are to bo
admitted free of duty, rather than to leave it
in the general terms "building materials "
It is proper that that amendment should be
adopted in order to properly guard the inter-
ests of the Government. That amendment
being added to the bill, I think that the other
amendments which have been offered should
be postponed. There is manifestly a dispo-
sition on the part of the Senate, if a proper
ease is made, to afford constitutional relief
for the sufferers of Michigan and Wisconsin.
It is hardly appropriate legislation to connect
these different cases together. Not only in
reference to the bill which is now presented,
but to our general legislation, I think we
should get along much more pleasantly and
with more facility if distinct subjects were
presented separately to the Senate.
As to the constitutional difficulty which is
presented, as I understand it the Constitution
requires that there shall be no unequal system
of duties, that the system shall be uniform
throughout the United States; not that Con-
gress may not in a specific case, as a matter
of charity, relieve the collection of duties.
Surely Congress has just as good a right to
omit to receive §1,000,000 or $500,000 of
duties coming into the Treasury as to pay out
that amount without its coming in. it is a
matter of charity, not affecting the Constitu-
tion, which requires that the general system
shall be uniform throughout the nation.
These are all the remarks I have to make.
I look upon this as a national charity toagreat
national calamity, and feel authorized to vote
for it.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, I did
not intend to trouble the Senate with any fur-
ther remarks on this bill, and I shouid not,
have done so but for the rather remarkable
speech made by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Logas,] in which the Senator from Michigan
and myself, for proposing, or suggesting that
we shouid propose amendments, are arraigned
as enemies of this bill. The bill before the
Senate, let me suggest to that Senator, is one
which, if it is to pass, must be passed quietly.
It is an appeal to good nature, it is not to- en-
