mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
abandonment, to order, after investigation by
an inspector general or a board of officers,
such gratuitous issue to replace the same as
may be recommended by the officer or board
making such investigation.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
capture of the albemarle.
Mr. NYE. The Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
715) relating to the capture of the Albemarle,
nave instructed me to report it back without
amendment, and I ask for its present consid-
eration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It provides that the prize case
of the rebel iron clad man-of-war Albemarle
shall be taken up and reexamined by the
proper United States court, that the captors
may obtain an appraisal such, as is required by
the prize laws of Congress.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment-, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
instructions as to prosecutions.'
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, a few days
ago I introduced a resolution asking for in-
formation from the President of the United
States in regard to certain instructions alleged
to have been given by the Attorney General
for the prosecution of those engaged in the
importation of merchandise in New York for
paying gratuities to officers. The correspond-
ence which I asked for has been communi-
cated to the Committee on Investigation and
Retrenchment, and I presume, those letters
having been made public to the country, I
shall be permitted to obtain them from that
committee and bring them into the Senate
perhaps for the purpose of some discussion.
My object now is merely to give notice that at
an early day I shall ask the Senate to consider
that resolution ; and I do this, not only for the
purpose of making some explanatory remarks
in regard to it, but. of permitting the Senator
from New York [Mr. Conkling] and others
of his friends whom he spoke of here the other
day, who desired to discuss the resolution for
reasons of their own, an opportunity in full of
doing so. I will therefore, at an early day, ask
to bring that resolution up when the Committee
on Investigation and Retrenchment shall have
permitted me to look into the correspondence
and bring it to the Senate for that purpose.
Mr. CONKLING. I avail myself of the
• opportunity to make a single remark. Ididnot
wish, the other day, to discuss this resolution
in the sense that the Senator now implies. T
wished merely, in answer to what the Senator
said, to bring to the attention of the Senate
and the country the statute under which this
direction was given, in order to show that it
was a manifest duty to give the direction, and
that the form of it was governed by the statute.
I had no objection to tne resolution, and I will
say to the Senator that had not the informa-
tion been before the Senate, in the hands of
the chairman of the committee officially, and
before the country in the papers, I would not
have interposed oven a moment's time for the
sake of making an observation.
I am entirely for the resolution; and as the
Senator has called it up, I will say one thing
to him personally, if he will allow me. He
replied to me the other day as if I in some
way or other dealt with his motives in this
matter. There he was quite mistaken. I did
not speak of the Senator's motives ; I simply
spoke of the view which had been taken in this,
of the cast which had been given to this, and
said that when it came up I wished an oppor-
tunity of saying a word in reply; in order to
show the Senator and the Senate, if I could,
that whatever other offenses had been com-
mitted, nothing had been done in thisinstance
except a plain duty, and that if there was any
fault, that fault was in the statutes of the
country and not in the officer whose duty it is
made by the Constitution to see that the laws
are faithfully executed.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Delaware now that
the twenty-fourth rule prescribes the duty of
the Presiding Officer to call for the morning
business in a certain order, " all which shall
be received and disposed of in such order,
unless unanimous consent shall be otherwise
given." If the Senator from Delaware desires
unanimous consent to proceed, the Chair will
ask it for him ; but this debate arrests reports
of committees, which are not yet concluded.
Mr. BAYARD. I did not intend that there
should be a debate. I meant merely to give
the most open notice of my intention to call
up the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Delaware desires again to speak, the
Chair will ask unanimous consent for him to
do so, or he may ask it himself.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask unanimous consent
merely to say this much 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection.
Mr. BAYARD. The Senator from New
York stated, I believe, at the time this matter
was last before the Senate, that they were offi-
cially informed of this correspondence.
Mr. CONKLING. No, I did not say that.
I said they were in substance informed of it,
because the official letters were in the hands
of the chairman of the committee.
Mr. BAYARD. As I remember, the Sen-
ator from New York, in his remarks at that
time, intimated that 1 had in some way knowl-
edge of that fact, that it had been stated to
the Senate, or, as he subsequently corrected
it, in the Senate. The fact that my honorable
friend from Connecticut had in his possession
this correspondence was not known to the Sen-
ate, was not communicated to the Senate, was
not suggested in my hearing until the day after
the honorable Senator from Connecticut made
some reply to me on the subject. Nor is that
correspondence up to this time officially be-
fore the Senate. I now have knowledge of it
officially in a committee; but at the time the
Senator fromNewYorkwasspeakingl neither
had knowledge nor means ot knowledge that
such information had been furnished to any
member of the Senate, and I was asking for it
in the only proper way pointed out by the rules
of this body.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Connecticut asks unanimous consent to make
remarks on this matter.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Simply an explana-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will simply say,
Mr. President, that upon the face of the ques-
tion I do not stand in the right position be-
fore the Senate. When the resolution was
proposed some remarks were made in refer-
ence to it. After I had made my remarks
the second time, and taken my seat, the clerk
of our committee placed in my hands official
copies of the correspondence which was called
for by the resolution of the Senator from Del-
aware. While I was looking at them, the
question went over. It would appear on the
face of the proceedings that I had this cor-
respondence in my hand and withheld it
from the Senate, which, by the explanation,
the Senate will see was not really so.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator remarked
aloud that he had the papers. I heard it sit-
ting in my seat.
jacob h. ela.
Mr. SCOTT. The Committee on Claims,,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
1549) for the relief of Jacob H. Ela, have
directed me to report it back without amend-
ment, and I ask for its present consideration.
It is a very brief bill.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It authorizes the Secretary of
the Interior to adjust and settle the account
of Jacob H. Ela, late United States marshal
for the district of New Hampshire, and pay
him such sum as shall be found justly due for
transporting^ three rebel lieutenants of the navy
from the African squadron for the suppression
of the slave trade, from Portsmouth, New
Hampshire, to Port La Fayette, out of the
fund for the suppression of the slave trade.
Mr. POMEROY. That fund is not at the
disposal of the Treasury Department. It has
lapsed; it is an old fund.
Mr. SCOTT. If that be so, the party will
not get much money out of it.
Mr. POMEROY. There is no such fund.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
bills introduced.
Mr. BROWNLOW asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtain'ed, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 758) to confirm the purchase
of the site of Fort Houston, near Nash-
ville, Tennessee, and to donate the same to
the trustees of Fisk University for educa-
tional purposes; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POOL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
759) to relieve certain persons therein named
from the legal and political disabilities im-
posed by the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution of the United States, and for
other purposes; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
public building at utica.
Mr. CONKLING. In the few remaining
moments of the morning hour, as no Senator
seems to have anything pressing, I ask the
indulgence of the Senate to take up a bill
reported the day before yesterday by the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to
which I think there will be no objection. It
is Senate bill No. 376. I submit a motion to
take it up.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 376) to provide for a
building for the use of the post office, United
States circuit and district courts, and internal
revenue officcs, at Utica, New York.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds was in line
five, to strike out the words " fire-proof" and
insert "with a fire-proof vault extending to
each story."
The amendment was agreed to. ■
Mr. COLE. I have made objections to
some of these biils under the instructions of
my committee, in order to have as much
assistance as possible to get through the ap-
propriation bills, after which the Senators
interested in these special bills will be able to
call them up. It is with a great deal of re-
luctance that I object in this case, as it was
with reluctance that I raised a similar objec-
tion in the cases of St. Louis and Little Rock;
but I cannot be consistent in my action on
this subject unless I act in the same manner
in regard to the Utica bill as in regard to the
others. I am in favor of the bill, and there is
no doubt about its passage; it will go through
I have no doubt; it has the unanimous sup-
port of the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds ; and it has now been read, and
it can be taken up at some other time. I
object to proceeding further with it at this
time.
Mr. CONKLING. It would have passed by
this time if the Senator had allowed it to pass,
