THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
Dox, Eldredge, Elliott. Ely, Forker. Getz.Giddings,
Hambleton, Hanks, Iloar. Lamison, Lowe, Man-
Sin, Mavnnrd. McNcely, Merrick, Negley, Peree,
Aaron F. Perry, Rainey, ltead, Sessions, Slater,
80011m. J-'in A. Smith, Thomas J. Speer, Ste-
venson, T.iffe, Terry, Turner, Tuthill, Tvoer, Van
'Trunin, Wallace, "Wails, Winchester, and Young—50.
NAYS —Messrs. Acker, Adam4!, Ambler, Ames,
Arthur, Averill. Hunks. Birry. Beck. Bell. Biggs,
Austin Blair, James G. Blair, Bright, Brooks.
Buffinton, Burchard, Burdctt, Caldwell, Carroll,
- Coghlan. Comingo. Conger, Cotton, Crebs, Critcher,
Crocker. Crosslaud. Da.rrall, Dawes, Dickey. Don-
nan, Du Bose, Duell, Duke, Dunnell, Eames,
Farnsworth. Farwell, iinkelnburg. Charles Foster,
Henry D. Foster. Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garfield.
Golladay. llale. lla'sey, Hancock, Uandley. Ilarmer,
Harper. John T. Harris, Havens, Hawley, Hay,
Hays, Gerry W. Unzelton. John W. Ilazelton. Here-
lord, Herndon, H'bbard, Hill, Ilolman. Kelley,
Kellogg, Kendall. Kerr, Ketcham, King. Lamport.
Lansing, Lewis, Lynch, Mtrsh ll. McClelland, Mc-
Cormick. MeCrary, McGrew, McIIenry, Mclntyre,
McJuukit- Merour, Meiri'in, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Monroe. Moore. Morgan. Morphia, Leonard Myers,
Niblack. Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Uosea W.
Parke-, Isaac C. Parker. Peck, Pendleton, Peters.
Poland, Potter, Price, Prindle. Randall, Edward
Y. ltice, John M. Rioe, Ellis II. Roberts, William
R. Roberts, Sion 11. Rogers. Rusk, Sargent, Saw-
yer, Shanks, Sheldon. Shellabarger, Shober, Shoe-
maker, Sloss, II. Boardinau Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, Snyder, Sprague, Starkweather, Stevens,
Stoughton. Strong, Sutherland, Swann. Sypher,
ThonnuiAVashington Xownsend. Twinhell, WaiWell,
WaldtwT Waldron, Warren. \v"ells, Whitfley, Whit-
thorne, Willard, Williams of Indiana, Williams of
New York. Jeremiah M.Wilson, John T. Wilson,
and Wood—146.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Barnum, Beveridge,
Boles, Braxton, Campbell, Clarke, Cox, Creely.
Davis, Garrett, Goodrich. Griffith. Ha Ideman. George
E. Harris. Hooper. Houghton. Knlinger. Kinsella,
Leaob, McKee, McKinney, Mitchell, Morey. Eli
Peny, Piatt, Porter, Ritchie. Robinson, Johu
Rogers, Roosevelt, Scoiield, Seeley, Sherwood,
Snapp, R. Milton Speer, Storm, Stowell, St- John,
Dwiglit Xownsend, Upson, Vaughan, Voorhees,
Wakeinan, and Wheeler—44.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred upon Mr. Dawes's
demand lor the previous question.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield to me for a moment?
Mr. DAWES. I will do so.
Mr. BINGHAM. If this matter is to be
open to debate I want to be heard. I have no
objection to my friend from Pennsylvania be-
ing heard at all, but I should like to be heard
also.
Mr. RANDALL. You will have to seek
permission through the same avenue that I
have.
Mr. BINGHAM. I mean by common con-
sent; that is all, sir.
Mr. RANDALL. During the remarks of
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] lie stated a probability might occur
that on two or three days of the next week
there would not be a quorum here. I pre-
sume that he alluded to the fact of the holding
of the Philadelphia convention, which will
take away many members from the other side
of the House. Now, I want to say that while
there is a possibility of the necessary absence
of gentleman on that side of the House for
two or three days next week, we on this side
are not necessitated to attend the Republican
convention, and we would therefore like to
know exactly what days those are on which
the convention is to be held, to see if we can-
not come to some understanding that no legis-
lation shall be done duting that time.
Mr. DAWES. I will state that it is my
intention to move on Tuesday next that the
House adjourn over until Thursday or Friday.
Mr. STEVENSON. Do these political bar-
gains between the two sides of the House
require unanimous consent?
Mr. RANDALL. There is no bargain
about it
Mr. DAWES. I only say that it is my inten-
tion, if no other gentleman does it, to move on
Tuesday that the House adjourn till Thursday
or Friday.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is very manifest that
the leading bills that are required to be passed
can be passed between this and Tuesday even-
ing at five o'clock. There is no political rea-
son why an adjournment should not take place
on Tuesday evening.
Mr., DAWES. There is no other reason,
except that business happens to be so situated
in the oiher branch that it seems impossible
to bring about an adjournment at that time.
Mr. HOL.MAN. The pending bills certainly
can be disposed of by that time if the Senate
desires.
Mr. BANKS. It has been customary here-
tofore to agree that no business shall be done
on a certain day in advance, and thatthe House
shall adjourn Irom that day to some other day
named.
Mr. STEVENSON. There was no such
agreement made in the case of the Cincinnati
convention. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. I will move, if no other
gentleman does, on Tuesday next to adjourn
over Wednesday and Thursday. I now move
that the rules be suspended and the Senate
resolution passed, with an amendment extend-
ing the time f.r final adjournment to Monday,
June 10, at twelve m.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Is a question of order
in order?
The SPEAKER. It is; though disorder
seems to be most in order just now.
Mr. EL DREDGE. I can understand thir-
teen or fourteen Democrats at the same time,
but I cannot understand fifteen or twenty
Republicans in addition. [Laughter.]
Mr. BINGHAM, (standing near the seat
of Mr. Dawes ) I desire the favor of the
House to say that there are some bills in this
Hou^e which have already been acted upon by
the Senate.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I rise to a question of
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state it.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The gentleman from
Ohio [ Mr. Bingham ] is not in his seat; he
belongs on this side of the House. [Laughter.]
He is my friend, and I insist that he shall be
in his place over here with us.
Mr. BINGHAM. Very well, I will go over.
[Having returned to his own seat.] 1 ask the
favor of the House to say, in reply to the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Holman,] that there is some default, I say it
wiih all respect, in this House as well as in
the other branch of Congress, touching the
state of the public business. I desire to say
to the House that there are at least two bills
now on the Speaker's table which should be
passed. I waive altogether questions of differ-
ence that njay arise between myself and other
gentlemen upon this floor touching what is
known as the Ku Klux bill; I remember the
fact that a majority of this House have already
recorded their votes against that bill. Bat
there are two other bills upon the Speaker's
table which have received the assent of the
Senate, and which have either once or oftener
within the last ten days received the assent
of a majority of the members upon this floor,
on motions to suspend the rules and pass
them. Those bills are of as much moment to
every party organization in this country, to
every State anil congressional district, as any
other measure which remains unacted on.
Mr. BECK. Is this debate in order?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent, pending a motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. BECK. I object to defiate.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes,] to suspend the rules and pass
ihe resolution of the Senate with the amend-
ment he has indicated.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the House now adjourn.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is that motion in order?
The SPEAKER. Why not?
Mr. HOLMAN. Has any business inter-
vened since the House voted down a motion
to adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. ' A motion to suspend the
rules has been made since then.
The question was then taken on the motion
to adjourn ; and upon a division there were—
ayes 41, noes 123.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, called for
the yeas and nays.
The question was taken on ordering the
yeas and nays, and there were twenty in the
affirmative: not. one fifth of the last vote.
Mr. STEVENSON called for tellers on
ordering the yeas and nays.
The question was taken on ordering tellers ;
and there were twenty-one in the affirmative ;
not one fifth of a quorum.
So tellers were not ordered, and the yeas
and nays were not ordered.
The motion to adjourn accordingly was not
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the motion to suspend the rules and pass the
rescinding resolution of the Senate, with an
amendment extending the time for final ad-
journment to Monday, June 10, at twelve m.
The question was taken vivv voce, and the
Speaker announced that in his opinion two
thirds had voted in the affirmative.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, and Mr.
MAYNARD called for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were twenty-one in
the affirmative; not one fifth of the last full
vote.
Before the result of the vote was declared,
Mr. BINGHAM called for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
The question was taken on ordering tellers;
and there were twenty-three in the affirmative ;
not one fifth of a quorum.
So tellers were not ordered, and the yeas
and nays were not ordered.
Several members called for a division on the
vote upon suspending the rules.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
127, noes 51.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. ELDREDGE called for the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER, The House has already
refused the yeas and nays 011 this motion.
Mr. STEVENSON. I call for tellers on
ordering the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The House has also
refused tellers on ordering the yeas and nays.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call for tellers on the
motion to suspend the rules.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Dawes and
Mr. Stevenson were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 125, noes CO.
The SPEAKER. Two thirds having voted
in the affirmative, the rules are suspended, and
the resolution with the amendment moved
by ihe gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
DajvesJ is adopted.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I call for the yeas and
nays on suspending the rules and passing that
resolution with the amendment indicated.
The SPEAKER. It is not within the rules
to again submit the question of ordering the
yeas and nays; but the Chair will do so if
there is no objection.
Mr. DICKEY. I object.
Mr. PERCE. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the House refused to order the
yeas and nays.
fhe SPEAKER. The Chair will state where
the result of a viva voce vote has been declared
by the Chair, the yeas and nays have been
asked and refused, and tellers on ordering the
yeas and nays have been asked and refused, all
that does not deprive the House of a right to
a vote by a division or by tellers. But the
taking ol the vote by division and by tellers
does not revive the right to a vote by yeas and
nays.
Mr. ELDREDGE. But have we not the
