1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2347:
Mr. HOLMAN. Does not this contemplate
an increase of clerical force?
Mr. SARGENT. No, sir.
Mr. HOLMAN. When you made the in-
crease in the General Land Office of $30,000
in the first place, did you not then contemplate
an increase of clerical force?
Mr. SARGENT. No, sir.
Mr. HOLMAN. No increase contemplated
there ?
Mr. SARGENT. No, sir.
Mr. HOLMAN. Did not the Secretary of
the Interior recommend an increase in the
clerical force of tile bureau ?
Mr. SARGENT. In the General Land Office,
as my recollection serves me, there was no
increase contemplated in the regular bill. If
there was an increase it was to grapple with
the current work, but my recollection is there
was not any such increase. These arrears of
work were not provided for at ail, and this is a
special appropriation for that purpose.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is there not an increase
of fifty clerks contemplated by the bill as it
went to the Senate ?
Mr. SARGENT. I am not aware of that
fact.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let the proposition be
again reported, so that we may understand
what it is.
The Clerk again read the amendment of the
Committee on Appropriations to the amend-
ment.
The amendment of the Committee on Appro-
priations to the amendment of the Senate was
agreed to ; and the amendment of the Senate,
as amended, was then concured in.
The Clerk read the sixty-eighth, sixty-ninth,
and seventieth amendments of the Senate, as
follows:
Strike out "four" and insert "two," in line ten
hundred and seventy-four; strikeout "two" and
insert "four," in line ten hundred and seventy--
seven; and strike out " twenty" and insert " eight-
een; " and strike out "six" and insert "eight," in
line ten hundred and eighty-three; so as to make
the paragraph read as follows:
For compensation of the Commissioner of the
Patent Olhce, $4,500; for assistant commissioner,
$3,000; for chiet clcrk, $2,500; three exaimners-in-
chief, <it $3,000 each; examiner in charge of interfer-
enoes,§2,500; trade-markcxaminer, $2,500; twenty-
two principal exammci s, at, <V2,5nO each ; twenty-four
first assistant examiners, atfel,bOO fach; twenty-four
second assistant examiners, at $l,t>'J0 each, two of
whom may be females; one libiarian, $2,000; one
machinist,il,600; sixclerksof classfour, eight clerks
of class three, fifty-five clerks of class two, and forty-
five clerks of class one; making in all, $318,800.
Mr. GAR.F1KLD, of Ohio. I wish to say
to the House that after careful hearing by the
Committee on Appropriations we were satisfied
that to adapt the Patent Office, the new mode
of doing business there—that is, for the pur-
pose of supplying inventors under the present
system with drawings and specifications—itwas
necessary to make the changes proposed by
the House in the original bill. The Senate
non-concurred, and so amended our action as
to leave it under the old system. It seemed
to the committee very evident that the Senate
had not had the full hearing of the case which
the House had. and therefore we have recom-
mended a non-coucurrence in these amend-
ments of the Senate to the Patent Office para-
graph, inorderthat we may adjust them in the
committee of conference.
The amendments of the Senate were non-
concurred in.
The Clerk read the seventy-second, amend-
ment of the Senate, as follows :
Strike out the following:
For Commissioner of education, $3,000; oneclerk
at §1,800; one clerk at SI.600; one translator, $1.60U;
oneelerk at ^1,400; one messenger at ^340; station-
ery, $1,000; library, $1,000; collecting statistics, and
■writing and compiling matter for annual and special
repoits, and editing and publishing circulars of
information, $13,000, contingencies, $1,260; in all,
$^>.500.
And in lieu thereof insert tne following:
For Commissioner ot Education, $3,000; chief
clerk, £-,000, one clerk of class four; one statis-
tician, with the compensation of a clcrk of class four;
oneelerk of class three; one translator, with the
-ivivii or {Icrk of class three; ono clerk of
class two; four copyists, at $900 each ; one messen-
ger, at $840; stationery, §1,000; library, $1,000; cur-
renteducational periodicals,§250; otbercurrentpub-
lications, $225; completing valuable sets of period-
icals and publications in the library, $200; collect-
ing statistics, and writing and compiling matter for
annual and special reports, and editing and publish-
ing circulars of information,-$13,000; fuel and lights,
$275; contingencies, $1,2G0; in all, $34,850.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Commit-
tee on Appropriations recommend a non-con-
currence in that amendment of the Senate,
and I hope there will be no objection, so that
the matter may be adjusted in a committee of
conference.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The Clerk read the seventy-third amendment
of the Senate, as follows:
Strike out " $500;" so that it will read: "for com-
pensation of the chemist in the Department of
Agriculture, $2,000/' instead of $2,500.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The committee
recommend non-coucurrence in that amend-
ment of the Senate.
Mr. IiOLMAN. Does not this amendment
of the Senate reduce the salary of the chemist?
Mr. G-AIiFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say
that the salary of this chemist is fixed by law
at $2,500. The appropriation last year put it
down to $2,000. The Committee on Appro-
priations put it in the bill this year at $2,500,
as it is fixed in the law.
The Senate followed the estimate and ap-
propriation of last year rather than the esti-
mate lor this year. The gentleman who
occupies this position accepted it with the
understanding that the salary would be $2,500,
That was the understanding with him when he
was appointed, and it would be an injustice to
him, without any change of the law, to cut
down the amount. I ask non-concurrence in
the amendment of the Senate.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The following amendment of the Senate was
read:
In line twelve hundred and sixteen, add the fol-
lowing :
Tor editing agricultural reports, $500.
The committee recommended non-concur-
rence.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The committee
recommend 11011 concurrence in this amend-
ment on the ground that if we begin to pay for
the extra services of a person in an office who
does the work assigned to him and claims to
work in extra hours—if'we begin to do that with
one officer we must go on and do it through
all the Departments.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would like to inquire
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
whether, according to his information, this is
a separate office, or whether the editing of the
agricultural reports is done by an officer dis-
charging other duties in the Department?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is understood
that the amendment offered hereby the Senate
is to pay the statistician for doing this work
belter, on the assumption that the statistician
has his own special work, and that in addition
to that he edits the report of the Commissioner.
Now, if we pay him for his duties as statis-
tician according to the regular salary bill, as
we do pay him, and in addition to that pay
him $500 for doing this work, 1 say, without
going into the merits of the case, without say-
ing how meritorious an officer this may be, if
we set the example we may go through all the
Departments and pay officers for doing extra
work, and never get through with paying our
bills.
The amendment of the Senate was non-con-
curred in.
The Clerk read the following amendment
of the Senate:
Inline twelve hundred and nineteen, strike out the
word " forty" and insert the word "sixty; " ao that
it will road:
For the purchase and distribution of new and
valuable seeds and plants, $60,000.
The committee recommended non-concur
rence in this amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I hope the amend-
ment of the Senate will be Concurred in, and
I make that motion. I am perfectly satisfied
that the small amount of money expended for
the p'urpose of purchasing and distributing rare
and valuable seeds and plants confers a larger
benefit on the country than any other expend-
iture that I can possibly think of.
It may be said that the Commissioner of
Agriculture has not asked for this. That I
believe is true. He asked for §40,000, the
amount we granted last year, because he did
not feel disposed to ask in advance an amount
greater than what his predecessor had asked.
The Commissioner rather preferred to leave
the amount to the judgment of the Represent-
atives of the people. He is of opinion, how-
ever, that if $20,000 be added, there will be a
corresponding amount of good to the country
in the way of distributing seeds. Last year we
had an appropiiation of $25,000 for that pur-
pose. The result of that appropriation was,
that there were distributed six hundred and
forty-seven thousand packages of rare and
valuable seeds throughout the country. There
were six varieties of wheat, two varieties of
rye, four varieties of oats, four of barley, five
of tobacco, and three of sorghum. I venture
to say that from the distribution of the wheat
alone the advantage to agriculture from the
increase in the production of the crop has far
exceeded the amount of $25,000, which was the
entire amount expended for the distribution
of seeds. I hope the amendment of the Senate
will be concurred in.
Mr. STORM. I trust the amendment of
the Senate will be concurred in. We have
voted here eight or ten times in succession
against amendments of the Senate to reduce
salaries. Now, when it is an expenditure in
which the farmers of the couutiy are interested,
I trust we will not attempt to reduce the sum
to the amount at which it was originally put
by the House, $40,000, but that we will give
the amount proposed by the Senate, $60,000.
I am daily in receipt of letters asking for seeds,
but I am unable to supply them. The supply
on hand in the Department of Agriculture is
not sufficient to meet the demands made upon
it. Unless we make the increased appropria-
tion we cannot meet the demands made upon
us by our constituents for seeds.
I vote for it the more cheerfully because it
is the only Department of the Government
that is honestly and faithfully managed. It is
not administered, like the other Departments
of the Government, in the interests of a few
politicians.
Mr. GARI'tELD, of Ohio. Will the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania yield me the balance
of his time?
Mr. STORM. Yes, sir.
Mr. GAlil'TELD, of Ohio. I desire to take
the rest of the gentleman's time to say that I
felt it my duty to call the attention of the com-
mittee to the way in which this increase is asked
for. The Committee on Appropriations rec-
ommended to the House and the House passed
an appropriation of the full amount asked fur
by the Department for seeds The bill went
over to the Senate, and some one there moved
to increase this vote hy 820,000. It comes
hack here and wo are asked to put on this
S20,000, which is simply putting it at $20,000
above the estimates, it does not seem to me
that this is the right way to do business. You
give the head of the Department what he asks,
and somebody, who perhaps has some reason
for wishing to have a little more of these seeds
to distribute, put3 in an increased appropri-
ation, and of course the next estima'e will
come to us with the whole height we put in
the appropriation bill this year, and so we go
on piling up year by year. Now I do not say
that there may not be justice in this case,
but I know I may as well surrender at discre-
tion when my captivating friend and colleague
asks the House to give him more.
[Here the hammer fell.]
