1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
555
force a right; and therefore when the Sena-
tor from Illinois says that to oppose this bill
is to "sacrifice the rights" of the people of
Chicago he is employing inappropriate terms.
This bill appeals to the generosity of the Sen-
ate, and is not a bill to enforce a right; and
that his colleague sitting nearer me [ Mr.
Trumbull] well understood, for he made his
speech, not founded upon constitutional rights,
nor upon the natural rights of man, or of the
people of Chicago, but he appealed to the
sympathy of the Senate, by the employment
of a pathetic style of speech.
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Logan] has
referred us to the debate in the Senate on the
Portland bill, and I have sent for the volume
he has referred to. That debate is instruct-
ive in many respects. It illustrates the great
truth that "charity begins at home.'' The
Senator from Illinois sitting near me [Mr.
Trumbull] participated in that debate, and
spoke upon the constitutional principle in-
volved in the bill; and for the purpose of
showing how differently his views are ex-
pressed when Portland is in flames, and when
Chicago is in ruins, I propose to read a para-
graph or two from the speech of that Senator.
It will be perceived that the fire in Chicago
warmed that Senator's heart more than the
fire in Portland did.
The bill upon which this discussion arose
was a bill proposing to donate $50,000 to the
sufferers by the fire in Portland.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A different bill.
Mr. CARPENTER. Yes, a different, bill,
and in my opinion one far more proper to
accomplish the purpose than the one before
the Senate. I think the bill in the Portland
case, which was then under debate, is less
objectionable than this, because, as has been
well said by the Senators from Michigan, if
anything is to be done as a charity, it should
be the charity of the nation, and the nation
has no right to confer a charity by levying a
tax only upon the lumber-growing States. If
we are to pay out the money of the nation in
charity to the people of Chicago, let it be the
money of the nation; and it would be better
to face the matter fairly and squarely, and
appropriate money from the Treasury, than to
resort to any indirection. I think such a bill
as was tlien before the Senate far less objec-
tionable than the bill now under consideration.
But let us see what the Senator from Illinois
said in regard to that bill:
" Mr. Trumbull. It is a very unpleasant duty to
interpose any objection to a bill of this character,
intended to relieve the sufferings of any portion of
the people of this country occasioned by a great
calamity; but the Congress of the United States is
not a charitable institution, and the Treasury of the
United States is not to be used simply as a dispenser
ot charity. Now, sir. where is this to stop ? What
is to be the line? We have already, at the present
session of Congress, and since this dreadful fire in
Portland, passed one or two resolutions tor the ben-
efit of the sufferers. "VVe have passed one resolution
authorizing the furnishing of tents and other ac-
commodations from thequartermaster's department.
We have passed another resolution or bill relieving
the parties from the payment of taxes.
" Mr. Fessenoex. Only suspending thecollection
of taxes.
"Mr. Trumbull. It is relieving them for a time
by delaying the collection of taxes. Now, the Sen-
ator from Maryland comes in with a proposition to
pay out of the Treasury of the United States $50,000
in money to these sufferers. Sir, you can hardly
take up a newspaper in the United States that you
will not see an n.ccount of a fire somewhere. Where
is the line? Where is the distinction? If you
commence appropriating money to distressed peo-
ple who have been burned out, you cannot stop at
Portland. There was a very large fire at Chicago
the other day. I haveseen a statement that several
hundred thousand dollars' worth of property was
destroyed at a single fire that has occurred there
within a week or ten days. Fires are occurring all
over the country. Now, does the Senator from
Maryland mean to relievo all those sufferers?
" I know it has been complained of in some quar-
ters that the Congress of the United States is dis-
posed to arrogate to itself all power, to take charge
of all charities, and in advocating some measures
which I have thought it my duty to go for, I have
been charged with getting up a great charitable
institution. This charge was made in reference to
the Freedmen's Bureau bill."
Then further on:
" Mr. Trumbull. Ionly spoke of the other because
the Senator from Maryland and those acting with
him opposed the Freedmen's Bureau bill. Are those
appropriations, made for the safety of the nation,
to be compared to a fire in one of our cities? Here
are four million beings whose condition affects the
safety of the Republic; four million people made
free by the results of the war, an element which
affects the whole nation and the safety of us all. Is
the safety of the nation at stake, or is a whole race
at stake in consequence of a fire that has occurred in
one of our cities ? Sir, there is no analogy between
the two cases. I did support the Freedmen's Bureau
bill."
And again:
"But the Senator tells us that an earthquake
occurred once, and Congress appropriated money to
the sufferers. That would be very unlike a fire. A
fire is a thing of ordinary occurrence, fires occur
every day in some of thecities of this Union; earth-
quakes but very seldom."
And again:
"Now, sir, I think the precedent is a bad one.
Congress has already shown the sympathy of the
nation with the sufferers at Portland. I think we
have gone far enough."
Referring to the resolution granting the use
of tents, &c., temporarily, from the quarter-
master's department:
" I have not looked at tho precedent to which the
Senator refers, nor at the debate which occurred on
the occasion of the passage of that resolution, but I
trust that this bill will not pass without being exam-
ined by some committee of this body."
And again:
"The Senator says he does not know why the bill
should be referred. It should be referred to know,
if an appropriation is to be made at all, something
about the circumstances. Can the Senator from
Maryland inform me what the loss at Portland is?
I understand that in the city of New York alone
there is more than a million of insurance. How
much of this property was insured in other cities,
I do not know. It seems to me that before we
vote money out of the Treasury of tho nation, we
should know something about the extent to which
this suffering goes."
And again:
" Mr. Gkimes. Where is the difference between
that case and this?"
An earthquake and a fire.
" Mr. Trumbull. I tried to state the difference.
That was an act of God, and we relieved them by
granting them lands.
"Mr. Gkimes. Is not this?
" Mr. Trumbull. No; afire is not regarded as an
act of Omnipotence exactly. I take it that human
instrumenta lity has something to do with these fires ;
but I do not suppose that human instrumentality
had anything to do with the earthqua.ke which de-
stroyed New Madrid; and in that case, I understand,
Congress.relieved the parties by granting to them
land. I do notrecollect that they gave them money
out of the Treasury; and the Senator from Iowa
will remember that the Constitution expressly au-
thorizes Congress to dispose of the public lands, and
we have always been in the habit of giving them
away."
Again:
"Wo can appropriate money, but it must be for
objects contemplated, by the Constitution, I take it.
" I was, however, commenting upon the propriety
of sending this bill to some committee. Does the
Senator from Maryland know the extent of the con-
tributions throughout the country ? They amount
to hundreds of thousands of dollars; I think more
than a hundred thousand dollars in the city of New
York alone, and a large sum in Boston, and in all
the cities. I think we ought to know that there
is a pressing necessity for it before we vote money
in this way. We ought to have the information
which a committee could gather in reference to this
matter."
I refer to these remarks of the senior Sen-
ator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] only for the
purpose of showing that in his opinion there is
a constitutional question of great importance
involved in this bill. I am disposed on this
occasion to follow the lead of that honorable
Senator, the chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, as I do in regard to most legal questions,
and support this bill; and I sought the floor so
soon after he addressed the Senate only that
I might invoke in favor of my constituents the
tears that he called to our eyes when speaking
of the sufferings of Chicago.
Chicago has always been somewhat arrogant
and boastful, and in regard to this great calam-
ity, in which Chicago and Wisconsin, Michigan
and Minnesota, were common sufferers—a con-
flagration which at the same time, and from
the same causes, swept over these three States
as well as over Chicago—Chicago, from its
eminent position in regard to the commercial
interests of the country, attracted at first all
the sympathy of the world. I believe I may
say, not boastfully, but merely stating a fact,
that the city of Milwaukee, in which I happen
to reside, from its close proximity, was the first
city that sent relief to the sufferers in Chicago,
and I should misrepresent every man living in
that city, every constituent of mine in the State
of Wisconsin, if I should throw any obstacle in
the way of the passage of a bill making proper
appropriations to relieve the sufferers at Chi-
cago.
But, sir, I protest against being classed as
an enemy of this bill or an enemy of Chicago,
because I suggest to the Senate that something
is due also to my constituents who suffered
equally; for the loss in Chicago fell upon
property—a loss that capital can repair—while
it is estimated by those best informed that
in seven counties of Wisconsin over twelve
hundred persons lost their lives, so that fami-
lies were left in many instances without father
or husband, left destitute upon farms without
houses, fences, or utensils, and in many in-
stances the soil has been destroyed by the
fire to two or three inches below the surface.
These are sufferings which capital cannot
immediately repair. I protest against being
classed as an enemy of Chicago or an enemy
of this bill because I suggest to the Senate
that I will move to extend the relief intended
by this bill to embrace my own constituents
who suffered at the same time and from the
same causes.
The Senator from New Jersey says that this
amendment is not germane to this bill. I am
surprised at that declaration. If we are to
relieve the sufferers from two fires, one in
Wisconsin and one in Illinois, by one bill, is
that an incongruous bill? Here was a fire
which swept, over four States at about the same
time, and growing, as everybody believes, out
of the peculiar condition of the atmosphere
in those States; (and I ought here to say, in
justice to the Senator from Illinois, who, i
believe, in the Portland case, distinguished
between an earthquake and an ordinary fire,
that this case of the fire in Chicago, and in
Wisconsin, Minnesota, and Michigan, comes
nearer the case of the earthquake than of an
ordinary fire.) It was not a fire growing out
of the instrumentalities which usually create a
conflagration. The cause was in the atmos-
phere ; and all persons who witnessed it testify
that the clouds, as they rolled one over the
other, were filled with flames ; that they would
sweep over far in advance of the place where
the fire was raging in its regular progress and
wipe out a block of buildings; and then roll
on again, passing over a dozen blocks and
touching the earth in another place. . So it
was near Peshtigo. The fire was from the
heavens, so to speak; it "was in the atmos-
phere : and the facts and circumstances which
are gathered up by those who have passed
through those districts since the fire conclu-
sively establish this. This fire should be
likened to an earthquake, and treated as an
exception to all the fires that have been known
in modern times. The fire arose as strictly
from the act of God as any earthquake which
ever shook the earth or destroyed cities upon
it, and it should fall within the class of calam-
ities resulting from the act or will of God, and
a whole nation, reverently bowing its head,
should contribute to repair the loss.
I deny that there is any distinction here to
be based upon the fact that Chicago is a city
and the afflicted portion of Wisconsin an
agricultural country. Suppose New York
should be destroyed by fire to-morrow, does
