4140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
An .act (S. No. 857) granting a pension to
Margaret H. Judd, of Wilmington, Delaware;
'•" An act (S. No. 897) in regard to the com-
mencement of increased pay to promoted offi-
cers in the Navy;
An act (S. No. 910) relating to inventories
and accounts of the property of the United
States in public buildings and grounds; and
-An act (S. No. 1105) for the relief of
Harmao E.-Wentworth, late second lieutenant
fourteenth New York heavy artillery.
order of business.
Mr. AMBLER. I demand the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The question is on order
ing the yeas and nays on the motion to ad-
journ.
• The House divided; and there were—ayes
22, noes 85.
So (more than one fifth voting affirmatively)
the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion
to adjourn; and it was decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 48, nays 138, not voting 54; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barry, Beatty, Bigby,
Bird, Buckley. Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler,
Caldwell, Campbell, Cobb. Coburn, Conner, Cross-
land. Darrall. De Large, Dox, Dunnell, Wdredge,
Elliott, Ely, Getz, Giddings.Hays. Hereford, Hoar,
Holman, Lamison, Manson, Maynard. McNeely,
Morey, Perce, Price, Rainey, Bead, William R.
Roberts, Slater, XI. Boardman Smith, John A.
Smith, Thnmns J. Speer, Storm, Terry, Turner,
Van Trump, Wallace, Walls, and Winchester—48.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler. Ames, Arthur,
Averill, Banks, Barber. Beck, Bell. Biggs, Austin
Blair, Bright, Brooks, Buffinton, Burchard. Rode-
rick R. Butler, Carroll. Coghlan, Conger, Cotton,
Crebs, Critcber, Crocker, Dawes, Dickey, Donnan,
Du Bose, Duel I, Duke. Eames, Karnsworth, Farwell,
Finkelnburg, Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye,
Garfield, Garrett, Goiladay, Goodrich, Haldeman.
Hale, Halsey, Ilambleton, Hancock, Handley,
Hanks, Ilarper. George JG. Harris. John T.Harris,
Havens, Hawley, Ilay, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W,
Hazelton, Herndon, Hibbard, Hill, Kelley, Kellogg,
Kendall, Kerr, Ketcham, King, Lamport, Lansing,
Le>vis, Lowe, Lyuch, Marshall. McClelland. McCor-
mick, McCrary, McGrew, McHenry. Molnt.yre,
McJunkin, Mercur. Merriam, Merrick, Benjamin
F. Meyers, Monroe. Moore, Morgan. Morphis, Leon-
ard Myers. Xiblaek, Packard, Packer, Palmer,
Ilosoa W. Parker,Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton,
Peters, Prindle. llandiil!. Edward Y. Rice, John
M. Rice, Ellis H. Roberts, Robinson, Sion H. Rogers.
Rusk. Sargent, Sawyer, Sessions, Shanks, Shella-
barger, Shober, Shoemaker. Slocum, Sloss, Worth-
ington C. Smith, Snyder, Sprague, Starkweather,
Stevens, Stoughton, Strong. St. John, Swann,
Thomas, Washington Townsend, Tuthill, Waddell,
Wakeman. Walden, Waldron. Warren, Wells,
Whitelcy.Whitthcriie.Willard. Williams of Indiana,
Williams of New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, John
T. Wilson, and Yuuiig—l.'3S.
NOT VOTING—Messrs Adams, Barnum, Bcvcr-
idge, Binghum, James G. Blair, Boles, Braxton,
Clarke, Comingo, Cox. Creely, Davis, Forkor, Henry
D. Foster, Griffith, Harmer, Hooper, Houghton,
Kiilingcr, Kinseila, Leach. McKee, McKinney,
Mitchell, Negley, Orr, Aaron F. Perry, Eli Perry,
Piatt, Poland, Porter, Potter. Ritchie, John Rogers,
Roosevelt, Scofield, Seeley, Sheldon, Sherwood,
Snapp, R. Milton Speer, Stevenson, Stowell, Suth-
erland, Svpher, Taffo, Dwight Townsend, Twichell,
Tyner, Upson, Vaughan, Voorhees, Wheeler, and
Wood—54.
So the House refused to adjourn.
During the roll-call,
Mr. WHITTHORNE said: My colleague,
Mr. yacghax, is absent from the House
to-night on account of sickness.
The result of the vote was then announced
ms above recorded.
KNROLLED Bir,T,S SIGNED.
Mr. POSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found duly
enrolled bills and a joint resolution of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 2411) granting a pen-
sion to A. Schuyler Sutton;
An act (H. R. No. 2419) granting a pension
to William Freshone;
An act (H. R. No. 2&23) to provide for the
removal of the Flathead and other Indians
from the Bitter Root valley, in the Territory
of Montana ;
Au act (H. R. No. 903) for the relief of
George A. Stevens, of the United States
Navy; '
An act (H. R. No. 2334) to confirm to the
Great and Little Osage Indians a reservation
in the Indian territory;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 82) pro-
viding for a more effective system of quaran-
tine on the southern and Gulf coasts;
An act (H. R. No. 2937) making a transfer
of a pension appropriation from one fund to
another;
An act (H. R. No. 2851) to provide for tne
restoration of the records of the proceedings
of the court of inquiry concerning the opera-
tions of the army under the command of
General Don Carlos Buell in Kentucky and
Tennessee ; and
An act (H. R. No. 757) to carry into effect
the fourth article of the treaty of February
23, 1867, with the Seneca, Shawnee, Quapaw,
and other Indians.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent, Mr. St. John was
granted indefinite leave of absence on account
of illness.
joshua hill.
On motion of Mr. WHITELEY, by unan-
imous consent, leave was given to withdraw
papers in the case of Joshua Hill.
Mr. DAWES. I now renew my motion
that the House take a recess until half past
nine o'clock on Monday morning.
Mr. CONGER. Say ten.
Mr. DAWES. I modify my motion so as
to make the hour ten o'clock, and I call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered ; and under the
operation thereof the motion was agreed to.
And accordingly (at nine o'clock and forty-
five minutes p. m.) the House took a recess
until ten o'clock a. m. on Monday.
MORNING SESSION.
The recess having expired, the House re-
sumed its session at ten o'clock a. m., (Monday,
June 3.)
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at ten o'clock and one minute a. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. COGHLAN: A joint resolution of
the Legislature ot the State of California, asking
Congress to pass the bill for the relief of set-
tlers on the Suscol ranch.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio : The petition
of Charles Henry Kirby, praying to be restored
on the pay-rolls of the Army.
By Mr. L, MYERS: The memorial of Jay
Cooke & Co , William Sellers & Co., Powers
& Weightuiann, and 10 others, asking Congress
to consider the claims of Oliver Evans Woods
on account of his improvements in the postal
service of the United States.
By Mr. N1BLACK: The memorial of Rev.
M. M. C. Hobbs, late chaplain of the eightieth
Indiana volunteers, praying for a pension.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, June 1, 1872.
The Senate met at twelve m. Prayer by
Rev. E. D. Owen, of Washington, District of
Columbia.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Jour-
nal of yesterday's proceedings.
Mr. COLE. I move to dispense with the
reading of the Journal and proceed with the
fortification bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California asks unanimous consent to
dispense with the reading of the Journal, and
that the fortification bill be taken up.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. For that
purpose, and subject to the morning business,
1 have no objection to dispensing with the
reading of the Journal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Subject to the
morning business the reading of the Journal
is dispensed with, and the fortification bill
taken up. The Chair will first submit as
morning* business, under the twenty-fourth
rule, various amendments of the House of
Representatives to Senate bills.
indians op northern sdperintendency.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the bill (S. No. 508) for the relief
of certain tribes of Indians in the northern
superintendency.
The amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives was at the end of the first section
to insert the following:
Provided, That no sale shall be approved unless
the average sales of each of said parcels of said
lands shall be at least $2 50.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I move that the Sen-
ate non-concur in the amendment of the
House and ask for a committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses,
the conferees on the part of the Senate to be
appointed by the Chair.
The motion was agreed to 5 and the Vice
President appointed Mr. Hitchcock, Mr.
Harlan, and Mr. Dayis of West Virginia,
conferees on the part of the Senate.
railroad and telegraph in florida.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 754) granting
ttte right of way through the public lands for
the construction of a railroad and telegraph
in Florida.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of
the House, which was to strike out all after
the enacting clause of the bill and insert the
following:
That the right of way through the public lands be,
and the same is hereby, granted to the Great South-
ern Railway Company, a corporation created under
the laws of the State of Florida, its successors and
assigns, for the construction of a railroad and tele- #
graph from the St. Mary's river, in the State of
Florida, to Key "West, in said State, together with a
branch road from the most eligible point on said
road to Tampa bay and Caloosa entrance, in said
State; and the right, power, and authority are hereby
given to said corporation to take, from the public
lands adjacent to the line of said road, materials for
the construction thereof. Said way is granted to
said railroad to the extent of one hundred feet in
width on each side of the central line of said road
where it may pass through the public domain, in-
cluding grounds for station buildings, workshops,
depots, machine-shops, switches, side-tracks, turn-
tables, and water-stations, to an amount not exceed-
ing twenty for each ten milesin length, of the mam line
of said railroad: Provided, That within oneyearfrora
the passage of this act thesaid company shall file with
the Secretary of the Interior its acceptance of the
terms of this act, and a map of the route, exhibiting
the line of the road audits branch, as the same has
been located, and shall complete said road within
ten years of the passage of this act. It shall be the
duty of thesaid company to permit any other rail-
road, which has been or shall be authorized by the
United States, or by the State of Florida, to form
running connections with its road 011 fair and equi-
table terms. In case of disagreement such terms
shall be fixed by the Secretary of the Intei ior.
Skc. 2. That said road shall be a post route and a
military road; and Congress at any time, having
due regard for the rights of said company, may fix
rates of tariff for transportation of troops, materials
of war, and mails, and may add to, alter, or amend
this act.
Sec. 3. That Congress reserves to itself the rigrht
to alter, amend, or repeal this act whenever in its
judgment the interests of the people may require it.
Mr. OSBORN. I move that the Senate
concur in the amendment of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
denver, etc , railway company.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendments of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 984) granting
the right of way through the public lands to
the Denver and Rio Grande liailway Company.
