556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
any man suppose that Congress could consti-
tutionally appropriate money to rebuild New
York because that city was a commercial
center? No, eir. Congress may regulate com-
merce, may facilitate commerce, by the ordin-
ary ways and means, but it could not rebuild
a city any more than it could furnish capital
to individuals to employ in commerce. No,
sir ; this bill does not stand on any constitu-
tional ground. It appeals to the charity of the
nation, and the charity of the nation should
be dispensed without, regard to State lines. I
trust that my honorable friend, the chairman
of the Judiciary Committee, will not upbraid
me as an enemy of State rights because I sug-
gest that in dispensing the charities of the
nation State lines should be ignored.
I am a believer in the theory that our naiional
existence depends upon the just and honest
observance of the constitutional rights of the
States. In the matter of domestic rights and
interests, make and observe as distinctly as
possible all State lines, and you will have my
concurrence and cooperation; but in dispens-
ing the charities of the nation, in yielding to
those, tender and kindly impulses which well
up from the heart, unregulated by constitu-
tional provisions, do not attempt to confine
them within State lines. What you are willing
to do for Chicago, you should be willing to do
for other localities in the same condition and
suffering from the samecauses. I do notoppose
the relief proposed to be extended to Chicago,
but I claim the same friendly legislation To:
other places who suffered from the same cause;
other places which were equally victims and
sufferers in a common calamity.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, 1 will
detain the Senate but a moment on this bill.
I want to understand the principle on which
it proceeds. It seems to me that taking the
substitute for the bill reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance, its provisions have been
somewhat misapprehended. The bill as it
came from the House of Representatives was
obnoxious to the criticism of the Senator
from Pennsylvania, to which I think no answer
can be given. That provides that certain
goods, when imported at the port of Chicago,
shall be admitted free of duty. That strikes
me as plainly an unconstitutional provision.
But the bill as reported by the Committee on
Finance of the Senate obviates that difficulty,
at least in terms, and possibly in substance, by
providing as follows in the first section :
" That all goods, wares, and merchandise which
mav be sent from places without the limits of the
United Stares as gratuitous contributions to the
relief of sufferers by the tire which occurred at Chi-
cago. Illinois, October 8 and 9, 1871, shall, when
imported and consigned to the proper authority
at Chicago for distribution, be admitted free of
duty."
Under this section the goods may be imported
at any port, and no preference is given to one
port over another.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator from Ohio will
permit me to say that I had not that amend-
ment before me at the time, and I am very
glad he has called attention to the difference.
But. under the other clause which I read in
regard to the uniformity of duties, would the
Senator from Ohio hold that a law providing
that all the citizens of the city of Columbus,
Ohio, shall be exempt, from the payment of
duties on all goods which may be imported
and sent to that city could be passed? Could
you exempt the inhabitants of one city from
paying a duty which the inhabitants of all other
cities and of the whole country are subject to ?
Mr. 1HURMAN. There is certainly diffi-
culty about that; but it comes to a question of
exception. Now, let us see what has been the
precedent. My colleague,who has had charge
of such bills, can no doubt enlighten the Sen-
ate by reference to the precedents; but 1 think
we have again and again remitted duties on
articles imported into the United States for
specific purposes. I think we did remit duties
upon all articles imported here for exhibition
at the national exposition, did we not?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; there are fifty pre-
cedents. One precedent I remember where,
at the request of the gentleman who is now
Vice President of the United States, we remit-
ted the duty on some bells which were hung
up in a Catholic seminary in his town.
Mr. THURIIAN. I thought the fact was,
as my colleague states, that we have done it
again and again. I think we remit duties upon
contributions sent to the Smithsonian Institu-
tion, do we not?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, by general law.
All philosophic apparatus for colleges or uni-
versities and institutions of learning is on the
free list by general law.
Mr. TlfuRMAN. Then it seems that we
remit duties with reference to the object to
which the article is to be applied, or having
regard to the recipient of the article. The
question is, which I admit is not entirely free
from doubt, whether the object to which these
articles are to be applied and the recipients
of the articles do not bring them within that
category of cases in which we may remit the
duties? If there is a difference in principle
between the two, it is pretty shadowy, it seems
to me.
There is another thing I would say in respect
to this first section. It only applies to gratu-
itous contributions. The idea of levying duties
for the support of the Government is to levy
duties on articles that are imported as mer-
chandise for sale, and it is supposed, therefore,
that the person importing them, and who is
to make profit out of them, can pay a duty upon
them to the Government. It seems to me that
that distinguishes the case also from a case in
which the article is a gratuity sent by persons
from abroad, by the people of other nations,
to relieve the sufferings of citizens of our own
country.
'Then, in regard to the second section, that
section allows a drawback. That is what it is ;
it is nothing but a drawback. T am not going
into the argument of the question whether or
not drawbacks are constitutional. We know
that that question has been debated almost
from the foundation of the Government to this
day. We all know the contest over the draw-
back in favor of the fisheries—a contest that
lasted for a long time in this country. I be-
lieve there are drawbacks still in our .revenue
laws. Is this different in principle from any
othercaseof drawbacks? One reason for them
is to foster a particular business or occupation,
as in the case of the fisheries, where a draw-
back was allowed. So in other cases, if we
can foster a particular trade, or occupation, or
business, by the allowance of drawbacks, it
would be pretty hard to say that we cannot
allow drawbacks to relieve the sufferings of
our own people.
On the whole, therefore, Mr. President,
although I confess that I am not entirely free
from doubt on the subject, it does seem to me
that, looking at the precedents that have been
set, and interpreting the Constitution in accord-
ance with thera, this bill is not subject to a
constitutional objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The hour of three o'clock
has arrived, to which time the regular order
was laid aside. It becomes now the duty of
the Chair to call it up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We are so near through
with this bill that I hope we shall be allowed
to finish it. It will be in the way another day,
and I think time will be gained by disposing
of it now.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I am willing to see if
we can get a vote. I am sure there has been
enough discussion on this bill to give the ne-
cessary information to the Senate. I am will-
ing the vote should be taken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from South Carolina yields to allow a vote
to bo taken. Is the Senate ready for the
question ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The first
vote is on the amendment offered by me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from Vermont to the amendment of the
Finance Committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let it be
read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
In section two. ] ine three, after the word "import-
ed," insert the words "herein enumerated."
In section two, line five, atter the word "same,"
insert, "namely: on timber, rough, hewn, orsawed;
boards, in the rough; laths; clapboaids; shingles;
cut nails; iron, specially mado and fitted for the
construction of buildings; slate; brick; building-
stone; lime; cement; glass; linseed-oil; and white
lead."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. On that I
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 29 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Blair,Brownlow, Chand-
ler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragm, Feuton, Flan-
agan, Frelinghuysen, Hamilton of Texas, Hill,
Kelly, Morrill of Maine. Morrill of Vermont, Nor-
wood, Patterson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Scott, and Ste-
venson—22.
NaYS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman. Caldwell, Cam-
eron, Carpenter, Clayton. Ferry of Michigan, Gil-
bert, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland. Iliunlin,
Hitchcock, Kellogg, Lewis, Logan, Kye, Pomeroy,
Rice, Robertson, Schurz, Sherman. Sumner, Thur-
man, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, Wilson, Wintiom,
and Wright—29.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Buckingham,
Casserly, Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West
Virginia, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Harlan,
Howe, Johnston, Morton, Osborn, Pool, Pratt,
Ramsey, Spencer, Sprague, Stewart, Stockton, and
W est—22.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendmeut reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now offer an amend-
ment to insert after the words "Chicago in
Illinois" the words "and Manistee and Hol-
land in the State of Michigan."
Mr. TRUMBULL, Oh no!
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 should like to get this
little measure of justice for some of our burnt-
out towns if the Senate is disposed to grant it.
We have been told by the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Trumbull] in a previous debate that this
is a pure gratuity.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was on another
subject.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is the same principle.
I would vote to-day for an appropriation of
money, to be taken from the people of the
States of the Union, m any reasonable amount,
and the Senators from Illinois may estimate
what that amount is, and let it become a tax
upon the people of the United States. I will
vote for it, whether it be $50,000 or §100.000.
Mr. President, this matter of gratitude has
rather been crowded upon us at this session.
In the first place, to aid the city of Chicago
we were asked to vote $4,000,000 for a cus-
tom-house and public buildings in that city;
and to aid the city of Chicago in her great,
calamity we all, I believe, voted for that—call
it what you please—that liberal appropriation
to the city of Chicago. Now, how does that
matter stand as between the city of Chicago
and other cities of the Union? In the city of
Detroit, which is at least one third the size of
the city of Chicago, the Government appro-
priated only $110,000 to erect the same class
of buildings; in the city of Cleveland, I be-
lieve, the amount appropriated was about the
same; and yet we voted for Chicago, to aid
her in her great calamity, forty times as much
as has been appropriated for the self-sama
