504
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 20,
Ho. of Reps.
Alabama Claims—Mr. Roberts.
4 2d Cong....2d Sess.
itary foes, but our hereditary friends also, and
especially our friends. But even in. diplomacy
It is a dangerous thing to trifle with facts. If
we are of common origin and of Anglo-Saxon
blood, where did the four million blacks
get their complexion ? Surely the most pro-
nounced admirer of the one in blood theory
will not assert that they are the natural off-
spring of the Pilgrims, of the New England
Plymouth Rock Blarney stone; or most we
disown Africa's contribution to our common
origin in face of the undoubted fact that her
descendants are quite as numerous in our
Republic as are those of Englishmen ?
It is certainly very unjust to the Africans to
ignore their claims, for they have just as good
a right as the Anglo-Saxons to claim the par-
entage ; and besides, Africa, unlike England,
has never sent her mercenaries to lay waste
our fields, to murder our citizens, to burn our
ships, to destroy our commerce. Her sons,
unlike the English, have never employed sav-
ages to scalp American women and children ;
and by their honest toil they have added mil-
lions to the productive wealth of our country
from its earliest history to the present day.
Ireland also has some strong claims to pa-
ternity. I think this will be admitted: there
has not been an American battle-field from
Lexington to Appomattox where the blood and
valor of her sons and their descendants have
not been freely given to establish and maintain
our institutions. The German countries have
also coutributed their quota, and still keep
pouring in to help increase-with their frugal
industry the national wealth and the national
power. France watched the cradle of our infant
Republic, poured out her treasure and her
blood in its defense, and left us only at a vig-
orous manhood when we could take care of our-
selves. Ireland, Germany, France, and Africa
have, therefore, Stronger claims than England ;
they have claims of blood, friendship, and grat-
itude. They have never wared upon our in-
terests nor our lives; they have never sought
to destroy our institutions ; neither have they
reviled us as a people, and held us up for the
scorn of the world as a nation of tricksters
and knaves, as England has often done. All
this miserable drivel, therefore, about Anglo-
Saxon origin and unity of blood is not alone
humiliating, but absolutely false.
The two countries have ever been and ever
will be antagonistic in political principles and
'in material interests. England is a free-booter,
grown rich upon plunder. Secure from attack
Jrom without, she gathers her spoils from all
parts of the earth to enrieh the few and to
oppress the many. She could not be just to
others without being unjust to herself, and she
could not be honest, because she does not know
what honesty means. In short, England was
truly described by Payne, when he said she
was "a nest of tyrants and a den of slaves."
With such a nation this Republic can have no
sympathy, no friendship, and no community
of interests ; they can never rise to the level
of this free, and generous, and just people, and
I pray God that the day may never come when
the people of this Republic will sink to a level
with them.
In India alone she rules, by as vile a despotism
as ever oppressed human nature, a territory
of fifteen hundred thousand square miles, ana
a population of nearly two hundred million
human beings. The direct revenues extracted
from these people are on the increase, notwith-
standing their const antly increasing poverty and
the fact that whole villages areyearly decimated
by famine and hunger-fed pestilence. In 1860
her revenue from India amounted to £39,705,-
822; in 1869 it increased to £49,262,600. For
the ten years from 1860 to 1870 the total revenue
drawn from this British-cursed people amounts
to the enormous sum of £500,700,965, an
amount equal to $2,500,503,825, and all this,
be it understood, in face ofthe fact, that England
has destroyed all the native industries which
could in any way compete with her own, so as
to have a market for British fabrics, the profits
of which must be immense. And it is this
nation, which freemen should blush to claim
kindred or sympathy with, that some insipid
Americans would have us imitate and glorify,
even at the expense of their own country and
its institutions.
It was given out as a great triumph for the
"kindred peoples," when, after months of
secret sessions and pompous announcements
of great achievements, the treaty of Washing-
ton was finally signed and submitted to the
Senate, where it was discussed in secret ses-
sion, and finally ratified, without the country
knowing anything of its real character; and
when it was published it was acquiesced in by
some who believed it promised partial recom-
pense for the financial losses inflicted upon us
by England during the war. Others, and I
confess I was among the number, believed
that the treaty was a trick by which our hands
would be tied in case of any future war in
which England might be engaged, and that in
some way or other she would manage to escape
pecuniary indemnity for our losses. That
England would ever pay anything like an
equivalent for the financial injury done us, I
know was out of the question ; that she would
be willing to pay the few millions of direct
damages for the destruction of our ships and
their cargoes was in evidence ; for as early as
June, 1863, the ship owners of Liverpool,
alarmed at the effect, upon ocean commerce
of British neutrality laws, and fearful that in
some future war their property might be swept
away by privateers in the same way as that of
American ship-owners, addressed a memo-
rial to Lord Russell, as follows:
"Yourmemorialists, who are deeply interested in
British shipping, view with dismay the probable
future consequences of a state of affairs which per-
mits a foreign belligerent to construct in and send
to sea from British ports vessels of war in contra-
vention of the provisions of the existing law."
They concluded by showing that a few steam
cruisers inflicted a loss upon our commerce
which years of peace would prove inadequate
to retrieve. They also pictured the great
pecuniary loss which England would sustain
under a similar construction of law, should
she be at War hereafter.
Russell knew this, of course, quite as well
as the ship owners of Liverpool, but he knew
very well also that after our commerce was
destroyed, British statesmen, and British'bul-
lies, and British philanthropists, and British
and American evangelists, and snobs could
easily find means to buy us, or coax us, or
bully us, or trick us into some arrangement,
by which we would not, or could not, or dare
not retaliate in kind on England in the future.
In 1867 Lord Stanley told our minister that
there was really little difficulty in coming to a
settlement, and that the country was ready to
acquiesce in any decision that might be made,
even if it were adverse. He was getting anx-
ious about the future should no new agreement
be come to. In 1868 he went still further,
and admitted in a speech in the House of
Commons "that he never concealed his opin-
ion that some of the American claimants were
likely to make out their case and get their
money under a reference proposed by them."
Said he:
"The money part of the affair is inappreciably
small, especially as we have on our side counter
claims to a considerable amount. The expense
would be quite worth incurring if only in order to
obtain an authoritative decision as to the position
of neutrals in future wars."
Mr. Forster, in the same debate, feared that
whenever England was engaged in war they
Would suffer in the same way, and said that if
both nations would agree to some principle of
international law which would prevent the
escape of "such pirate vessels in the future,
they might be ready to give indemnity for the
past." In fact, astime rolled on after the close
of our war, English statesmen became moro
alive to the necessity of some arrangement
with the United States which should secure
their commerce in future wars from American
Alabamas. Russell ' indignantly denied in
1863 that there was any necessity for altering
English laws, but in 1865, after the close of
the war, he admitted they needed revision;
and later he pronounced the escape of the Ala-
bama and like vessels a'scandal and a re-
proach. So that there was no question from
1868 down to 1872 that England was will-
ing, nay anxious to pay the direct losses
sustained by our merchants, if they could only
get the assent of the United States to a new
declaration of neutrality which should prevent
us in all future time from interpreting our neu-
tral obligations according to English prece-
dents. In 1869 the Johnson-Clarendon treaty
was agreed upon and indignantly rejected by
the United States Senate, for many reasons,
chief of which was the fact that it did not pro-
vide for compensation of national losses. I
will quote a paragraph from Mr. Sumher's
speech during the discussion of the treaty, to
show the chief reason urged against it. He
said:
" This ia what I have to say for the present on
national losses through the destruction of com-
merce. These are large enough; but there is
another chapter, where they are larger far. I refer
to national losses caused by prolongation of the
war, and traceable directly to England. Pardon me
if I confess the regret with which 1 touch this pro-
digious item; for I know well the depth of feeling it
is calculated to stir. But I cannot hesitate. It
belongs to the case. No candid person, studying
this eventful period, can doubt that the rebellion
was originally encouraged by liope of support from
England; that it was strengthened at once by the
bestowal of belligerent rights on the ocean ; that it
was fed to the end by Bntish supplies; that it was
encouraged by every well-stored British ship that
was able to defy our blockade; that it was quick-
ened into frantic life with every report from the
British pirates, flaming anew with every burning
ship; nor can it be doubted that without British
intervention the rebellion would have soon suc-
cumbed umler the well-directed efforts of the na-
tional Government. Not weeks or months, but years
were in this way added to our war, so full of costly
sacrifice. The subsidies once contributed by Eng-
land to continental wars were less effective than the
aid and comfort contributed to the rebellion. It
cannot be said too often that the naval base of the
rebellion was not in America, but in England. The
blockade-runners and the pirate ships were all
English. England was the fruitful parent, and
these were the' hell-hounds' pictured by Milton in
his description of sin, which, ' when they li t, would
creep into her womb and kennel there.' Mr. Cob-
den boldly said in the House ofCommons that Eng-
land made war from horshores on the United States,
'with an amount of damage to that country greater
than in many ordinary wars.' According to him,
the conduct of England was war; but it must not be
forgotten that this war was carried on at our sole
eost. The United States paid for war waged by
England upon the national unity."
This is very strong language for a lineal
descendant of the Anglo Saxon stock to use
against the "kindred nation," but it is true
nevertheless, and the American people in-
dorsed it with a unanimity rarely if ever
equaled on a public question. His views were
sound, and his arguments unanswerable; and
the treaty was indignantly rejected by the Sen-
ate, which act met the approval of the'whole
country.
This claim for national damages was no new
question even then. Mr. Seward instructed our
minister in 1862 to inform the English minis-
ter that he received instructions " to solicit
redress for the national and private injuries
already sustained." This view was advanced
at various times thereafter; and when, on the
25th of September, 1869, Mr. Fish wrote to Mr.
Motley, our minister to England, advising him
as to a renewal of negotiations, he clearly and
unequivocally stated our position on the na-
tional as well as on the private claims, aa
follows:
" The President is not yet prepared to pronounce
