3244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
resolution reported by the committee.
The Clerk read as follows:
lleaolved, That Alexander S. Wallace is enti-
tled to retain the seat he now occupies asi llepre-
sentative from the fourth district of South Carolina
in the Forty-Second Congress.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. I desire
also to present a resolution for compensation
to the contestant.
Several Members. One at a time.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. I de-
mand the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The question is on sec-
onding the previous question upon the resolu-
tion which has just been read.
Mr. KERB. Will the resolution for com-
pensation be in order as a question of priv-
ilege ?
The SPEAKER. The rulings are diverse
upon that point. Whenever the compensation
of the contestant has been included in the
same resolution which confirms the right of
the sitting member to his seat, it has been held
to be included within the question of privilege.
If the Committee of Elections desire to have
this matter presented clear of all doubtful
questions, the resolution for compensation
should be associated with that declaring the
right to the seat,
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. I was
instructed by the committee to report both
resolutions and to present them at the same
time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman should
move them together.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. So I do.
The SPEAKER. Is it the report of the
committee?
Mr. 11AZELTON, of Wisconsin. It is.
The SPEAKER. Then it is a question of
privilege, the two being included together.
The Clerk will read the second resolution.
The Cleric read as follows :
lUaohMtl, Tliut, thetibovo-niimod contestant, Isaao
0. MeKi^iek, bo nllowod $2,154 80, out of tho contin-
Ki'nl fund of Iho llouso, tor exponas and disburse-
ments incurred by him in |)ro. eoutin« his claim to a
seat m tho Forty-Second Consruss.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. I demand
the previous quest ion.
TheSPKAKER. The resolutions, ofcourse,
are divisible.
Mr. STKVENSON. I demand a division
on seconding the call for the previous ques-
tion. 1 understood I would have an oppor-
tunity to be heard.
Tho House divided ; and there were—ayes
84, noes U ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. IIazelton,
of Wisconsin, and Mr. Stevenson tellers.
Mr. STEVENSON. I wish to say a word
to the gentleman from Wisconsin 
The SPEAKER. Tellers are not appointed
to debate, but, to count the House.
Mr. STEVENSON. I decline to act.
The SPEAKER. Some other gentleman
who voted adversely will act.
Mr. BANKS. 1 believe no further count is
asked.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
asks for a further count.
Mr. STEVENSON. I understood we were
to be beard on this matter, and now these
resolutions are being forced through under the
previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated if the
previous question was called it would be for
the determination of the House.
Mr. STEVENSON. As it seems to be the
disposition of the House to adopt these reso-
lutions now, I withdraw my demand for a fur-
ther count. It is only throwing away $2,000.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered.
The resolutions were adopted.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolutions
were adopted -r and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
military academy appropriation bill.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, by
unanimous consent, the amendments of the
Senate to a bill (H. R. No. 1061) making ap-
propriations for the support of the Military
Academy for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1873, were taken from the Speaker's table and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
centennial international exhibition.
Mr. L. MYERS, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2708)
relative to the Centennial International Exhi-
bition, to be held in the city of Philadelphia,
State of Pennsylvania, in the year 1870;
which was read a first and second time, or-
dered to be printed, and recommitted.
printing of bounty act.
Mr. PRICE, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to :
Retolved, There be printed for the use of the
House five thousand copies each of tho act in rela-
tion to bounties, approved April 22, 1872, and the
act to extend tho time for filing of claims for addi-
tional bounty under the act of J uly 28,1806, approved
April 22,1872.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Is it in order
to move to take a recess ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Then I make
that motion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to ad-
journ. We are all over-worked, and ought at
least to have one evening for rest.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent,
this evening was set apart for the considera-
tion of business reported from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. DICKEY. Have we not a right to
adjourn?
The SPEAKER. Certainly.
Mr. GAIiBTELD, of Ohio. We can give
the committee another hour.
international penitentiary congress.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which, under
the law, was referred to the Committee on
Piinting:
ttenuhed hy (he IIousc, (tho Senate concurring,)
That tliero bo printed fivo thousand extra copies of
the preliminary report of the commissioner of the
United States to the international penitentiary
congress, hold in London, with tho accompanying
documents, twenty-five hundred for the use of the
Senate and the llouso, and twenty-five huudred for
tlio use of tho StatoDopartuient.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] has moved thattheHouse
take a recess. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] moves that the House do now
adjourn. The motion to adjourn takes prece-
dence.
The question being taken on the motion to
adjourn, it was agreed to—ayes 83, noes 39.
And accordingly (at four o'clock and thirty
minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BECK: The petition of O. S. Pres-
ton, J. W. Cardwell, A. L. Walden, and a
large number of the citizens of Mercer county,
Kentucky, protesting against all such proposed
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States as seek to overthrow the principles of
religious liberty by anything that tends to
unite Church and State.
By Mr. CHIPMAN : The petition of Brown-
ing & Middleton, and other tobacco dealers of
Washington city, asking that there be a uni-
form tax on tobacco.
By Mr. COB URN : Petitions of soldiers of
North Easton, Massachusetts, of Portsmouth,
Virginia; of Bangor, Maine; and of national
asylums, Milwaukee and Greenfield, Wiscon-
sin; Chicago, Illinois; Washington, District
of Columbia, and Buffalo, New York, asking a
law providing for industrial homes for orphans
of soldiers and sailors.
By Mr. HAZELTON, of New Jersey: The
memorial of citizens of Salem county, New
Jersey, protesting against a change ci the
Constitution allowing foreign-born citizens to
be eligible to the office of President of the
United States.
By Mr. MAYNARD : The memorial of W.
Godfrey Hunter, praying that by act of Con-
gress his name may be placed upon the pen-
sion roll.
By Mr. MBRCUB: The petition of 117
citizens ofTowanda, Bradford county, Penn-
sylvania, praying the passage of the House
bill No. 1738.
By Mr. PRICE: The petition of John A.
Parker, of Lumpkin county, Georgia, praying
the removal of his political disabilities.
By Mr. SEELEY : The petition of soldiers
praying permission to sell or transfer their
rights m public lands.
Also, the petition of soldiers and sailors of
Cayuga county, New York, for the same pur-
pose.
By Mr. WHITTHORNE : The memorial
of J udge C. B. Davis and others, officers of
the county of Lawrence, State of Tennessee,
for compensation for the destruction of the jail
of skid county by United States forces.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 9, 1872.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by Rev. E. D. Owen, of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
pay of enlisted men.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendments of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 007) to estab-
lish the pay of the enlisted men of the Army.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate con-
cur in those amendments.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let them be read first.
The Chief Clerk read the amendments,
which were on page 1, line three, to strike out
the word " March" and insert the word
"July;" on the same page, line twenty-eight,
to strike out '• twenty-three" and insert
" thirty four; " and also to strike out the fifth
section of the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have
that second amendment read in connection, so
that we may know what it means.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in regard to
ordnance sergeants at posts. The Secretary
will report it.
The Chief Clerk. The bill reads: "ord-
nance sergeants of posts, twenty-three dol-
lars;" and the amendment of the House is to
strike out " twenty-three " and insert " thirty-
four."
Mr, EDMUNDS. Now what is the section
that the House propose to strike out entirely?
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Sue. 5. That it shall not be obligatory upon the
enlisted men of the Army to draw their pay at eaca
payment of tho troops; and that whenever a sol-
dier bas several months' pay due he may be paid
the whole or a part, at his option ; but when he draws
only a part, it, shall he for the part longest due, leav-
ing the remainder in the hands of the Government,
for which he shall receive interest at the rate of six
per cent, per annum: Provided, That whenever a.
soldier has pay thus standing to his credit on the
muster-roll of his troop or company, it shall not bo
subject to foifeiture except for desertion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that is a good
section ; but the chairman says it ought to
go out.
Mr. WILSON. It is provided for in an-
other bill.
The amendments were concurred in.
