2348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the Senate amendment, to come in
after the '1 $60,000:''
Provided, That such plants shall be such as are
adapted to general cultivation throughout' the
United States.
I desire to say but a word in favor of this
amendment. I do not think that the Agri-
cultural Depaitment should expend large sums
of money in the growth and cultivation of
plants suitable for the elegant gardens of the
country and the conservatories. The plants
cultivated by them should be for general cul-
tivation throughout the country, and I think
Congress has no right to appropriate money
for purposes of agriculture which it does not
know will be applied to that purpose and to
no other.
Mr. SARGENT. I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry of the Chair. What would
be the effect of adopting this amendment?
Would it be to concur in the Senate amend-
ment with this amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. This is an amendment
to the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. SARGENT. Is the form of the motion
to concur in the amendment of the Senate
with the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The first question is
on the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana.
Mr. SARGENT. And if we adopt that
do we concur with the amendment of the
Senate?
The CHAIRMAN. That question will re-
main to be taken.
Mr. SARGENT. Then we c-an reject the
whole amendment of the Senate afterward?
The CHAIRMAN. Certainly.
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Chairman, it is very cvi
dent that the amendment of the gentleman
from Indiana would destroy the whole purpose
of the appropriation, because, if seeds or
plants have been proved by experiment to be
adapted to cultivation throughout the country,
the object of distributing them from the Agri-
cultural Department is gone. This appropri-
ation is for the purpose of trying experiments,
of sending to one pait of the country for trial
plants which have been tried and found to be
cultivatable in other parts of the country.
That is the only object of distributing seeds
or plants.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will modify my amend-
ment so as to leave out the word "generally."'
With that word omitted, I think it is unobjec-
tionable.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I desire to move
to amend the amendment of the Senate. I
undersiandthe chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations to say that there is a misprint
in the bill, and that the Senate have actually
added $20,000 to the sum appropriated by the
House, making the amount §00,000. I move
to amend the amendment by striking off
$10,000, so as to make the entire amount
$50,000.
The question was taken on Mr. Holjian's
amendment to the Senate amendment, and
there were—ayes 30, noes 50 ; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Holman and
Mr. Sargent were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes -13, noes 78.
So the amendment to the amendment was
disagreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment,
offered by Mr. "Wilson, of Ohio, and it was
agreed to.
The question recurred on concurring in the
amendment of the Senate as amended.
Mr. SARGENT. The recommendation of
the Committee ou Appropriations is to non-
concur, so as to leave the appropriation at
$40,000.
The question was taken; and the amend-
ment. ot the Senate, as amended, was con-
curred in.
The Clerk read the seventy-seventh amend-
ment of the Senate, as follows:
Insert the following:
For two clerks of class four, two clerks of class
two, one clerk of class one, one messenger, and two
laborers, additional force in the money-order office,
$9,880.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. HOLMAN. Certainly there ought to
be some explanation of the views of the com-
mittee in proposing to non-concur in an
amendment, of this kind.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gen-
tleman will allow me, I will state that the
money-order system established recently has
succeeded beyond .even the most sanguine
expectations of its friends, and is being very
generally used throughout the country. During
the past year postal treaties have been made
by which an international money-order sys-
tem has been adopted, so that our foreign-
born population can send remittances home
through the post office under the money-order
system.
That portion of the work is just now going
into operation, and is looked upon with very
great interest, particularly by those people
who have come t,o our shores from other coun-
tries. The whole business, this included, has
made necessary an increase of force as called
for by the Department. We had the Postmaster
General before us, we had the chief of the
money-order division before us, we had a full
statement of the character of the work, of the
kind of business to be done, and we became
convinced that this increase of force as pro-
vided for by this provision is a necessary con-
sequence of the money-order system as it now
stands. The Senate struck it out, and fol-
lowed the appropriation bill of last year. It
ought to be added that the money-order sys-
tem is bringing large revenues into the Treas
ury, more than it costs to carry it on. And in
the future, now that it is established, it will
doubtless be a source of very considerable
revenue above its expenses.
The amendment ot the Senate was non-con-
curred in.
The eightieth amendment of the Senate was
in relation to the General Post Office building,
and was to reduce the appropriation for furni-
ture from §3,500 to $2,000.
The Committee ou Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence in the amendment.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Chairman, Congress has
been playing this farce long enough, in my
opinion. We might as well cut it short by
adopting the amendment I have offered. We
are working day after day and week after
week over the details of appropriation bills.
Learned committees of the House and Senate,
composed of our ablest men, have been addling
their brains for nearly four months of this ses-
sion to try and curtail expenditures, and desig-
nate the purposes to which the money of the
people shall be applied, as well as the amounts
which shall be paid for each specific purpose.
The bill under consideration, which is the
first of the series, contains seventy-one printed
pages of details, to be succeeded by ten or
twelve others of a like character, appropriating
with all the pomp and circumstance possible,
as though we meant to enforce rigid adherence
to our acts, over three hundred million dollars,
which we order the tax-gatherer to take from
the pockets of our constituents, and yet we
know that if the country does not, the execu-
tive officers of the Government, into whose
hands we place this money, pay no more atten-
tion _ to our laws than they would to the
barking of a chained dog.
My attention was called to this matter,
specially the other day by reading in the news
papers the testimony of Dr. Brodhead, the
Second Comptroller of the Treasury, before
the committee now investigating the action of
the Secretary of the Navy in paying Secor &
Co. $93,000 about the 1st of January, 1870.
The statement of the Comptroller was so re-
markable that I procured a copy of his evi-
dence, and if any gentleman wants to convince
himself how utterly useless and foolish all our
long, detailed, and circumstantial appropria-
tion bills are, he can do so fully by a single
reading of the testimony of that gentleman.
I will call attention to a portion of it:
"Question. What did the appropriation for the
Bureau of Construction and Repair for the year
1869-70 include; of what was it made up ?
"Answer. Betore I came up here to-day I thought
I would look into that subject a little, and I sent for
the appropriation warrant and compared it with the
laws, and have brought them both up. The com-
mittee is unquestionably aware that the Secretary
of the Treasury prescribes the mode ot opening all
these accounts for the bureaus, lie took up this
law and found under the heading of 'Bureau of
Construction and Repair' thirteen items, as fol-
lows:
For expenses of receiving-ships  $50 000
For preservation of iron-clad vessels.,.'  150,000
For coast defense and practice vessels  80,C0d
For tools and machinery in navy-yards  100,000
For sheds over timber and over ships  lOU.OOO
For repairs of vessels abroad  250,00(1
For transportation  SO.OCjO
For materials by contract      1,000,000
For materials by purchase  250,000
For labor in navy-yards and on foreign sta-
tions  2,000,000
For purchase and preservation of jtimber,
and general maintenance of the Navy  800,000
"The Secretary of the Treasury, iu his appropria-
tion warrant to the Comptroller of the Treasury and
the Register, m erged all these items into one ap-
propriation of £4,480,000 to the credit ol the Bureau
of Construction and liepair. In settling the ac-
counts we never refer to those items, which are
supposed to be merely m the nature of estimates
going to make up the whole, so long as the total
remains undrawn.
" Question. Everything that comes under the pur-
view of construction and repair is paid by the
Treasury out of this appropriation so long as the
sum total lasts?
"Answer. Yes."
The Comptroller shows that the Secretary
of the Navy caused Secor & Co. to bo paid
$93,000 out of this appropriation, and he
afterward, in May, 1870, approved the ac-
count of the disbursing officer who paid it,
although the claim of Secor was one which
had arisen during the war, and had been set-
tled in full under a special act of Congress
approved July 13, 1868, during the adminis-
tration of President Johnson, when another
Secretary of the Navy and a different. Secre-
tary of the Treasury controlled these Depart-
ments of the Government. The act of July
13, 1860, after appropriating $115,539 to pay
the claim of Secor & Co., for the purpose, as
the debates ill Congress at the time show, of
rendering it impossible for them ever to set
up any other or further claim, used the follow-
ing language:
" Which shall be in full disharge of all claim
against the United States on account of the vessels
upon which the board made the allowance, as per
their report under the act of March 18b7."
When the claim was passed upon under this
law by the First Auditor, he certified that he had
examined and adjusted the accounts between
Secor and the United Slates, and the sum of
$115,539 was paid to him in full satisfaction
of his claim.
Dr. Brodhead was further questioned, and
answered as follows:
"Question. Js there any custom or law against the
opening of old accounts?
"Answer. Accounts are often reopened, and so
often by the beads of bureaus and others ihut the
Secretary of the Treasury a short tiuie ugo issued a
circular addressed to me forbidding- all reopening
of accounts without his special sanction.
"Question. Then it is not at all unusual to open
accounts that were supposed to have been settled?
"Answer. No, sir; it is very frequently done where
the parties have a just claim and new evidence."
* « <tf # * *
" Question. Have you ever known instances of the
reopeningof accountsfor whichreceipts in full have
been given ?
"Answer. I have no doubt that I have known
quite a number, but I cannot recall them; I cannot
specify them."
Now, in the face of such usurpation of power
I would like to know what is the use of our
making appropriations with all the details we
are laboring over, limiting so many thousands
of dollars for this, so many thousands for that
