1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
557
purpose to Detroit, to Cleveland, to Milwau-
kee, and similar cities.
I am ready to go as far as any other man in
the way of liberal donations and gratuities to
suffering Chicago. But, sir, when you come
to offer this as a precedent, I want to make the
precedent as general as possible. I want to
add the sufferers in the State of Michigan and
in the State of Wisconsin. I want Peshtigo
to go on with Manistee and Holland, and I
want to make this thing apply to other towns
than the town of Chicago. No one can say
that we have not been liberal in every proposi-
tion that has been made for Chicago. No one
can say that the whole world has not been
liberal to Chicago and to Michigan and Wis-
consin, and we all feel grateful for it; but in
this ease 1 simply ask justice, if this is to be a
precedent, and therefore I must insist upon
my amendment, and ask for the yeas and
nays upon it.
Mr, TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I want
to appeal to the Senator from Michigan. I
know that he is not opposed to the passage of
this bill, and he does not want to put his
friends in an awkward position and force them
to vote against him. Now, let this bill pass
by itself, and then let him submit his propo-
sition as a separate measure, and not unite the
two. Those who might be disposed and desir-
ous to do something for the persons who were
burned out in the other States are placed in
an awkward position when the Senator insists
on including them in this bill. I appeal to
his good nature that he do not undertake to
antagonize them. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Cameron] and myself do not
want to vote against his proposition. Let him
withdraw it now and offer it as a separate
bill.
Mr. CAMERON. I did not think that I
should say a word on this subject, but I desire
now to say that 1 scarcely ever vote for this
exceptional sort of legislation, because I prefer
that everything should be done by general
laws. I am particularly anxious that nothing
shall be done which will interfere with the
great protective interests of the country, and
I am voting for this bill of the Senator from
Illinois because it is a great exception. There
has been in the world but one Chicago. There
has been but one such great fire, producing
such great calamity as was produced by the
great lire in Chicago, and I therefore make it
an exception from all other cases. That town
is not only the pride of this country, as it
ought to be, but it is the wonder of the world ;
and the manner in which its people have sus-
tained themselves under this great calamity is
a winder also. It is a surprise to the whole
world that any people broken down in a single
day from wealth and prosperity to the most
abject poverty should have risen up as that
people did. Chicago is a part of this country
in which every one of us has a great interest
and a great pride. Destroy Chicago, and this
country would not be the wonderful country
it is. I shall vote, whenever a separate bill
comes up, for the proposition made by my
friend from Michigan, and I think in my long
service with him I have hardly ever disagreed
with him in a vote, but I will in this case.
How can anybody refuse to vote this little
boon to the people of Chicago, where a hun-
dred thousand men and women were driven
out into the flames, every one of them almost
deprived of their clothing; every one of them
in a starving condition ? Then look at the
wonderful uprising of the world. It was not
conlined to ihe United States, but wherever
the electric wires go a response has been
made to this as a calamity which it belongs to
the world to notice, and to attempt in some
way to provide lor, so as to mitigate in some
degree the sufferings of that distressed and
afflicted people.
I have nothing more to say. I hope we shall
pass the bill without amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, we have
all heard of a very patriotic individual during
our terrible rebellion who was accused on a
certain occasion of not being as patriotic as
his professions would seem to indicate, and he
repudiated the imputation with great violence.
" Why," said he, "I go for the salvation of
this country; yes, sir, I go for the salvation
of this country, even if I have to sacrifice all
my wife's relations." [Laughter.] Now, my
friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron] is
just as .patriotic as that individual was. I am
willing to go as far as the farthest in aid of
Chicago, but here are three States, Michigan,
Wisconsin,and Minnesota,and only these three,
that contribute one single dollar toward this
lumber tax. Now, it is very well for you, gen-
tlemen, to show your liberality and your pa-
triotism by voting money out of oui  pockets.
You are just as liberal, and just as patriotic,
and just as devoted, as that man was who was
even willing to sacrifice all his wife's relations
to save the country 1 [Laughter.]
I wish my friend from Pennsylvania would
consent to change a little the character of this
proposition and put a portion, just a small
portion of the burden upon the State of Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. CAMERON. I will.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then let us refer this
bill back to the Committee on Finance, and let
them bring in a proposition that shall make
all the States in this Union contribute equally
toward this gratuity.
Mr. POMEROY. Iron come3 in free of
duty under this bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. It does not bring in
much Pennsylvania iron. That hits me again,
for pretty much all the iron used in Chicago
comes from Michigan. Certainly a very large
proportion of the iron that is used in Chicago
comes from Michigan. However, I will not
discuss iron ; I was on lumber.
Mr. President, I must insist on my amend-
ment. If I am voted down, I cannot help that.
But there is another point in this matter.
There have been some three congressional
districts in the State of Michigan swept by
this fire and very materially injured. If this
proposition of mine shall be voted down, then
I hope the Senate will, in the exemption from
taxation contained in the third section, include
those congressional districts that have been
devastated and which my colleague will pro-
pose an amendment for.
Mr. PERRY, of Michigan. I will state to
my colleague that I have an amendmentalready
prepared to that section, which I shall offer.
Mr, CARPENTER. I offer an amendment
to the amendment of the Senator from Mich-
igan.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
•will remark that the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Michigan [Mr. Chandler] as sent
up is not in orderly form, and with the consent
of the Senator it will be reduced to order by the
Clerk. It should come in at the end of the
section, and not in the body of it, the amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance having
already been agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Michigan as reduced
to form will be read.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to insert
at the end of the bill the following proviso;
Provided, That the provisions of this act shall
extend to and be applicable to Holland and Man-
istee, m the State of Michigan.
Mr. CARPENTER. I move to amend that
amendment by adding "and also to the
towns of Peshtigo, Upper Bush, Lower Bash,
Williamsonville, Rosiene, Minne-Kanne, and
Mannette, in the State of Wisconsin."
Mr. CONKLiNG. I should like to ask a
question which would perhaps be needless
if 1 had not been diverted during a part of
the debate. I will direct the inquiry to the
Senator from Illinois, or any Senator who
will do me the favor to give me the informa-
tion. I hear the Senator from Michigan ap-
pealed to to withdraw his amendment because
it antagonizes or oonflicts with the general
purpose of the bill. At the same time there
seems to be no indisposition at least to con-
sider fairly the case which the Senator from
Michigan presents. I would like to inquire,
what is the conflict or the antagonism between
the measures ; or in other words, if the prop-
osition ^ of the Senator from Michigan be
meritorious, why does it injure, or disparage,
or impede the present bill? Very likely some
reason has been assigned, but I did nothappen
to hear it.
Mr. LOGAN. I suppose the Senator is
calling on me, as I made the remarks to which
he refers. If he desires an explanation, I can
give it to show him why it antagonizes. As
far as the principle is concerned, I tried to
explain the other day the difference between a
national and a local calamity. I do think
there is a very great difference.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I attended to the Sen-
ator's remarks in this respect the other day.
He will see the aim of my question is dif-
ferent, however. 1 understood Senators to
say—perhaps not the Senator whom I am now
addressing but others—that they would have
no objection upon a separate bill to vote for
the proposition of the Senator from Michigan.
If, therefore, it be, by reason of being national
or otherwise, a proposition that should prevail,
why does it in any way injure the present bill?
Mr. LOGAN. I will state that to the Sen-
ator. The bill has been passed through the
House without opposition, and has come to
the Senate. It was offered in the House and in
the Senate. Mr. Buuchard, of Illinois, offered
it in the House, and I offered it in the Senate.
In the House, no member from Wisconsin, no
member from Michigan, offered any amend-
ment to it. It comes to the Senate, and one
gentleman from each of these States offer
amendments which may cause a discussion in
the House—may oause a delay of the bill. It
did seem to me, inasmuch as the members
from Michigan and Wisconsin in the House
had offered no bill of this character for their
States—had offered no amendment to this bill
similar to those offered by the gentlemen here—
that when they come in and offer amendments
here just at the time the bill is about to be put
on its passage, not having offered them before
when they had the opportunity, so as to have
them printed for examination, and having pre-
sented no bill for their constituents themselves,
such a course must be intended to antagonize
the bill. I call the attention of the Senator
from New York to the speech of the Senator
from Michigan. If that speech is a speech in
favor of this bill, then I would rather its friends
would keep silent. That I consider antagon-
ism—where a man makes a speech against a.
bill and concludes by saying he is for it, and
offers an amendment—I conclude that that
is antagonizing ihe bill. That is the reason
I said it. When I understand' gentlemen to
make arguments against a bill, against the
theory and the principle of it, and to offer
amendments, and at the same time to say they
are for it, it does look to me fis though there
was an opposition underneath which should
be considered antagonism to the bill. That
was my reason for saying what I did.
Mr. CONKL1NG. It was not my good for-
tune to hear the remarks of the honorable
Senator from Michigan. I was diverted at
the moment, and was in a distant part of the
Chamber ; and I did not know what occa;-ion
might have been given to the Senator front
Illinois, by what his neighbor said, to deem
him antagonistic to the bill. I do not think
1 am an ent my of the bill; if J am, my
enmity will appear from what J shall say, be-
cause I shall withhold nothing that I think in
regard to it.
