1872.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
3245
DEPOSITS OF SOLDIERS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill_(S. No. 448) to estab-
lish a system of deposits to prevent desertion
and elevate the condition of the rank and file
of the Army.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to strike out all after the word "pro-
vided," in line sixteen, down to and including
the word " further," in line twenty-five of the
first section, in the following words:
That every paymaster in the Army, before receiv-
ing on deposit any money under the provisions of
this act, shall give to the United States a bond, with
two or more sureties to be approved by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in such sum as he may deem
sufficient, with the condition that the money by
such paymaster received as aforesaid shall be faith-
fully accounted for as other public moneys in his
hands. Such bonds shall be joint and several, and
may be sued upon in any district or circuit court
of theTJnited States: Andprovided further.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How does that leave it?
What is the object of striking that out? Where
is the security if that is out?
Mr. WILSON. It is stricken out because
it was not deemed necessary to have it in.
The bonds of the paymasters are full and com-
plete now and cover everything. The Pay-
master General of the Army thought this pro-
vision was unnecessary.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If that is the reason, it
is probably a good one.
The amendment was concurred in.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills received from the House
of Representatives were read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs:
A bill (H. R. No. 1467) to amend the thirty-
first section of an act entitled "An act for
enrolling and calling out the national militia,
and for other purposes," approved March 3,
1863;
A bill (H. R. No. 2227) to regulate the
employment of engineer soldiers on extra
duty; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2692) to provide for the
establishment of a military prison, and for its
government.
The bill (H. R. No. 2693) to provide for an
additional term of the district and circuit
court of the United States at Syracuse, New
York, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill (H. R. No. 134?) supplemental to
an act entitled " An act for the apportionment
of Representatives to Congress among the
'several States according to the ninth census"
was read twice by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill came
from the Committee on the Judiciary in the
House of Representatives.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think that
subject was considered by the Judiciary Com-
mittee of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly it was.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Did we have charge of
the apportionment bill ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly we did.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well; let this go
to the Judiciary Committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
read:
"Mr. Meeoue. I rise to a privileged question
and call up the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the bill (H. R. No. 1343) supplemental to an
act entitled 'An act for the apportionment of Rep-
resentatives to Congress among the several States
J°cording to the ninth census' was rec jminitted to
tiie committee on the Judiciary."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let the bill go to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so
referred.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. KELLOGG. Now I ask for the con-
sideration of the bill that went over yesterday
morning at the expiration of the morning
hour.
Mr. HAMLIN. After the morning busi-
ness.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine objects until the morning business
is concluded.
Mr. KELLOGG. Very well, sir.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SCOTT. I present the petition of sun-
dry owners of land in the city of Buffalo, front-
ing on Lake Erie, remonstrating against the
passage of a bill which they are informed has
already passed the House of Representatives,
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury and
the Secretary of War to lease low or swamp
lands in the city of Buffalo. They state that
their information is that the object of the bill
is to authorize the lease or sale of a portion of
the bed of Lake Erie directly in front of the
land owned by these remonstrants. Against
this they protest, and they accompany it with
a large map showing the injustice that will be
done to them. I move the refereuce of these
papers to the Committee on Commerce, which
I believe has that bill in charge.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. VICKERS presented the petition of
Henry Barrett, a soldier of the war of 1812,
and also of the Mexican war, praying to be
allowed a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WILSON presented eleven petitions of
late soldiers and sailors of the United States
volunteer Army and Navy in favor of the pas-
sage of a bill to provide industrial homes and
training schools tor the orphans of the soldiers
and sailors who served in the Army or Navy
of the United States during the war of the re-
bellion ; which were referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the memorial «f
Lizzie M. Mitchell, widow of the late Captain
John Mitchell, forty-third United States in-
fantry, praying to be allowed a pension ; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HAMLIN. I present the memorial of
Henry W. Palmer, a disabled soldier, who
asks for an amendment to the law approved
April 4, 1872, entitled "An act to enable
honorably discharged soldiers and sailors,
their widows and orphan children, to acquire
homesteads on the lands of the United States."
The scope of that act provides that there shall
be certain settling duties performed. Now, to
a soldier who is entirely disabled, that is
making a promise to the ear and breaking it
to the hope. He cannot from physical dis-
ability perform those settling duties. The fifth
section of that act provides—
" That any soldier, sailor, marine, officer,or other
person commg within the provisions of this act may,
as well by an agent as in person, enter upon said
homestead."
Now, what the memorialist in this case asks is,
that where a soldier is totally disabled, he may
enter by his agent to perform this service that
an able-bodied person may do by means of
his agent, he being physically disabled from
so doing. It does seem to me that it is emi-
nently just that that amendment should be
made, that the totally disabled soldier shall
be put upon footing of equality with the one
who is not disabled at all.
Mr. WILSON. I have received some papers
and letters asking for the same thing. I will
say to the Senator from Maine that that bill
came from the Committee on Public Lands,
and not from the Committee on Military Affairs,
and therefore this petition should go to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HAMLIN. Very well; let it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. LOGAN. For fear there may be a
misapprehension about this matter, it may be
proper that I should state the reason why it
was done. There are not very many of the
soldiers mentioned by the Senator from Maine,
and it was considered that that provision was
rather equalizing the thing, inasmuch as the
class of soldiers who are totally disabled are
now on the pension-roll. Those who have
lost arms, legs, eyes, or are otherwise totally
disabled, and thus prevented from locating
and settling on the lands, are placed on the
pension-roll and sustained by the Govern-
ment. This law was enacted to encourage
the settlement and improvement of the public
land, and it was thought best to give it to
those who were able to settle on the land. If
you give it to those who are totally disabled,
it would be a better plan to increase their
pensions, because it would amount to nothing
more in the world, for if you allow them to
settle the land, and then when the time ex-
pired to sell the land to somebody else, that
would be the meaning of it. It would be
merely increasing their pension, but giving it
in land.
I think where they are disabled to such an
extent that the present pension is not suffi-
cient, it would be better to give them a larger
pension. That was the view I took of it, hav-
ing had charge of the bill in committee and
here. I thought that was an equitable adjust-
ment of the matter: and so did a committee
of soldiers who conferred with me in reference
to it. They thought that was the best adjust-
ment that could be made, and that if anything
was to be given to them aside from that, if the
pension was not sufficient to the totally dis-
abled, it should be increased. I will state
further that my friend from Indiana [Mr.
Pratt] has now ready to report a bill in com-
pliance with this view from the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He has reported it al-
ready.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well; it covers this
very point, giving an increase of pensions to
totally disabled soldiers.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ The petition
will be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
Thomas S. Winslow, agent for Gerhard
Wessels, a merchant of the city of New York,
praying Congress to pass an act granting an
American register to the British brig Balear;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. CALDWELL presented a report of the
commission appointed under authority of the
Legislature of Kansas to audit the claims of
settlers on the frontiers of that State for losses
from Indian depredations; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petition of Wilson
Watts, of Monroe county, West Virginia, pray-
ing the removal of his political disabilities ;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I present a petition of
citizens of Wilmington, Delaware, praying an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States providing that no candidate shall here-
after be eligible to any Federal office who is
addicted to the use of intoxicating liquors as a
beverage ; and that drunkenness m any incum-
bent of such office shall be deemed at any time
sufficient cause for immediate impeachment
and deposition ; and also asking Congress by
law to prohibit, within the jurisdiction of the
Government of the United States the manufac-
ture, importation, and sale of all intoxicating
liquors to be used as a beverage. While I do
not indorse the prayer of the petition, I move
its reference to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING presented a petition of
soldiers and sailors of the State of New York,
praying that they may be permitted to sell,
assign, and transfer their right, title, and inter-
est in and to the lands granted them under
the homestead act; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
