2350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
to tins was a notification that the funds had been
placed to the crcdit of the disbursing officer, as re-
auested. In July, 1871, another requisition was made
for funds for the same purpose and was honored
without question.
As some doubt, however, continued to-exist, the
Secretary of War, on the 16th day of January and
12th day of February, 1872, respectively, addressed
communications to the Secretary of the Treasury,
asking for an express decision, and in reply the First
Comptroller has decided that the fund for " collect-
ing, drilling, and organizing volunteers " cannot be
used in payment of any oxpenses incurred since the
passage of the act of July 12,1870.
The Secretary of War is therefore constrained to
bring the matter to your attention, and to sugeest a
jointresolutionor an act. exceptinsfrom theopera-
tionsof the fifth section of the act of July 12, 1870, so
much of the unexpended balance of the appropria-
tion for collecting, drilling, and organizing volun-
teers as may be necessary to close the business C9n-
nected with the collecting, drilling, and organizing
volunteers for the armies ongaged in the late rebel-
lion.
It may be added that there is a necessity for prompt
action, as the funds are necessary for the continu-
ance, by the Adjutant General's department, of
information furnished—
First. In connection with the pay, bounty, and
pensions to colored soldiers or thoir legal representa-
tives.
Secondly. Affecting claims of ex-officers of colored
troops or their representatives for arrears of pay,
pensions, &c.
Thirdly. To the Second Auditor's Office as to pay-
ment of advance pay andbounty to soldiers at date
of muster in, for use of that office in settlement of
clai ms.
Fourthly. To the Second and Fourth Auditors'
Offices, Pension Office. Paymaster General and the
Adjutant General's office, (proper,) relative to the
enrollment and muster ot substitutes, drafted men,
volunteers, and final disposition made of such as are
not borne on the regular records of the Adjutant Gen-
eral's Office.
Fifthly. Affecting individuals, township and muni-
cipal authorities, tor the purpose of settling ques-
tions arising from the enrollment and draft during
the late war.
Sixthly, lielative to claims for private horses lost
in servicc, (officers'.)
Seventhly. Relative to claims for arrears of pay,
bounty, and pension to the Auditor and Pension
Office.
Eighthly. To the Second Auditor, to enable him to
credit the fund arising under the acts of Congress of
March 3,1865, and March 21,1866, for the support of
national military asylums for disabled volunteers.
Ninthly. Connected with claims arising from the
collecting, drilling, and organizing volunteers in-
curred prior to complete organization or muster in.
Tcnthly. Connected with the claims arising under
draft of 1862,'made by order of the President, dated
August 4, 1862.
Eleventhly. Connected with claims accruing under
the provisions of the act of March 3, 1863, made by
the provost marshals of the different congressional
districts.
Tweljthly. Connected with claims for the return of
commutation money, under the acts af February 28,
1867, and March 1,1809.
Thirtcenthhi. In all eases connected with the vol-
unteer recruiting service, mustering and disbursing
officers, acting assistant provost-marshal generals,
and district provof-t marshals of twenty-six States
and divisions, under the charge of the late Provost-
Marshal General's Bureau, besides thirty-two inde-
pendent draft rendezvous.
Foarteenthly. In all matters pertaining to the col-
lection, organization, and dischaige of colored
troops, of officers, and the organization of the first
Armv corps, (Hancock's.)
Fiftf-enthly. In all matters growing out of the
organization of the armies of the rebellion, the
organization of home guards and militia irregularly
in service, or employed in whole or in part by the
United States, and in all matters relative to boun-
ties to volunteer troops, growing out of the condi-
tion under which the forces were authorized.
It is hardly necessary to indicate the loss and in-
jury to the Government and claimants that would
result from the stoppage, even for a single day, of
the branches charged with the business as enum-
erated under the foregoing heads.
WM. W. BELKNAP,
Secretary of War.
We do not makeany change in the payment
of money out of the Treasury for this purpose
except in this: we take it from the perma-
nent appropriation and transfer it over into
the annual appropriation. I wish to say to the
committee in this connection that probably
there will be an apparent increase of twenty-
five per cent, or thereabouts in the appropria-
tions of this year over the appropriations of
last year on that account; that is, that we
shall make transfers from whathavebeen hith-
erto permanent appropriations over into the
annual appropriation hill. Of course the per-
manent appropriaiions will be so much less, and
the annual appropriations will be so much
inore ; but the aggregate will not be changed.
It is a reform in the judgment of the com-
mittee in the right direction ; and rather than
go back on anything that the Committee on
Appropriations of the House did last year
in that direction, the present Committee on
Appropriations are inclined rather to push this
thing still further, and to have as little money
as possible paid out of the Treasury of the
United States as a matter of course, and^ to
require as nearly as possible all moneys coming
from appropriations of Congress to be paid
out in obedience to the annual appropriation
law.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to still ftirther
amend the amendment proposed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations by adding as follows.
The Clerk read as follows :
Two efficient clerks of class four to aid in examin-
ing the rolls of the war ot 1812, to secure within a
leasonable time the decision of cases of veterans
ot that war pending in the Pension Bureau, and
most unreasonably delayed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to say a word in
favor of that proposition.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentleman
will allow me for a moment, I desire to say
that when the deficiency bill was under con-
sideration I had an amendment added before
it passed, by which Congress made a special
provision forthe Pension Office in consequence
of the increase of the roll of soldiers of the
war of 1«12, and that is now pending in the
Senate.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman does not
get my proposition at all. My amendment has
reference to an increase of the clerical force
in the Third Auditor's office. I do not know
that a more striking instance of injustice could
be charged against this Government than the
unexampled and unreasonable delay which
has occurred in regard to the reports of the
Third Auditor's office on calls from the Pen-
sion Office for information on which to jDredi-
cate the decision of the pension cases arising
out of the war of 1812.
1 have just received a letter from the Pen-
sion Office, stating that on the 18th day of last
January they called for information as to the
state of the rolls in connection with a pending
application for pension by a soldier of the war
of 1812 over ninety years of age, whose case
would be acted upon as soon as an answer
would be received. In that case no answer
had been received. Those veterans are thus
allowed to die off month after month, while
the Pension Office is waiting for months for
an answer from another of the bureaus of the
Government giving the necessary informa-
tion. If an addition of one hundred clerks
was necessary to secure prompt justice, such
an addition would be infinitely more justifi-
able than the great multitude of additional
offices which are created without any apparent
public necessity. I hope, sir, that Congress
will not make itself responsible for this unex-
ampled, this criminal delay, and that this pro-
vision will be adopted.
Mr. SARGENT. If the gentleman will
modify his amendment so as to make the lan-
guage respectful, it might perhaps be adopted
with advantage.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am willing to make
the language as respectful as the gentleman
desires.
Mr. SARGENT. As the amendment now
stands, it is attempting to put an argument
into an appropriation. I would like to know
what the gentleman means by the adjective
"efficient" before "clerks." I suppose that
all clerks of class four are efficient, or are
intended to be so.
Mr. HOLMAN. The meaning of the word
"efficient" is well understood ; but I will not
insist on the word.
Mr. SARGENT. The amendment is objec-
tionable in that respect. And then it speaks
of an " unreasonable delay " I am not pre
pared to say that this has been an unrea-
sonable delay. The very idea on which the
giving of this additional force is based is that
the delay has been reasonable, and that by
adding to the force we will take away the
reason for the delay.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will modify the amend-
ment so that it shall read as follows:
Two clerks of class four, to aid in examining tha
rolls of the war of 1812, to secure within a reason-
able time the decisjon of cases of veterans of that
war pending in the Pension Bureau.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Does the gen-
tleman propose to make these clerks perma-
nent or temporary clerks?
Mr. HOLMAN. For one year only.
The question was taken on Mr. Holman's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate, as amended,
was then concurred in.
The Clerk read the ninetieth amendment,
as follows:
To enable the President of the United States to
perfect and put in force such rules regulating the
civil service as may from time to time be adopted
by him, 650,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. HOLMAN. We desire a vote on that
proposition.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I cannot allow
this amendment to be acted on without saying
a word in behalf of my own opinions 011 the
subject to which it relates. I may say that on
this amendment the committee were equally
divided as to concurrence or non-concurrence,
and T was in doubt how we ought to report.
Perhaps, therefore, it is best simply to state
the fact as I have done, and call that the report
of our action, and appeal to the House for the
settlement of the question. For my own part,
I desire the Committee of the Whole to concur
in this amendment of the Senate, and my first
reason will be found in a simple narrative of
the facts in the case. By an act of Congress
not now a year old the President of the United
States was empowered and directed to do
whatever he could to secure some measure of
reform in the civil service of the United States.
In obedience to that law he appointed a com-
mission of gentlemen of high character and
directed them to examine the whole subject.
That commission have gone over the ground,
examined the condition of the civil service,
have made an elaborate report, in which they
point out what they regard the evils, the great
evils, the alarming evils of our civil service ;
and they suggest to the President a series of
measures which they believe will aid in remedy-
ing these evils. In accordance with their rec-
ommendation, the President has ordered to
be prepared a body of rules to regulate the
civil service of the United States, which rules,
when approved by him, he proposes to put in
force in managing the civil service of the Gov-
ernment. That body of rules is now being
'prepared for the President's use What they
will be we do not know, but before they are
put in execution they must receive the Pres-
ident's own sanction. To execute this purpose,
and to pay the necessary expenditures under
the law, the President asks, and the Senate
has granted in this bill, an appropriation of
$50,000.
The simple history of the case, it seems to
me, makes it decent, makes it becoming,
makes it reasonable, makes it necessary, that
the House should accord with the Senate in
granting an appropriation for this purpose. It
is due to the President, it is due to ourselves
and the law we have enacted, that a fair trial
should be made of the attempt at reform. On
this ground, which of itself 1 deem a sufficient
one, I ask the House to concur in this amend-
ment.
Now I know, sir, that it is becoming very
fashionable upon this floor to sneer at civil
service reform. I agree with what many gen-
tlemen say here in criticising some of the
many modes proposed for carrying out that
reform. I agree that some of the modes sug-
gested are Utopian and possibly worthless. I
agree that many of the plans for reform would
