1454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
The Commissioner goes on to show that the
passage of the agricultural college bill threw
a large amount of work on that Department,
but gave them no additional clerks. They
have now five clerks less than they had twenty
years ago. Then he shows in this report also
that the law requires an index:
"Alphabetical index of patents required by act
of July i, 1836, which has never received attention,
sixty-four hundred volumes containing thirty-two
hundred thousand patents."
They are without an index, and cannot be
indexed without clerks, and the Commissioner
asks and urges at the close of this communi-
cation an appropriation for this temporary
service for one year, in order to bring up the
arrears of the office and complete the work.
The Committee on Public Lands received
this measure as a bill and reported it, but the
committee did not authorize me to move it as
an amendment to this bill. I move it as re-
quested by the Secretary of the Interior. It
comes in that respect within the rule, because
it is in pursuance of an estimate from the head
of a Department.
Mr. STEVENSON. May I ask the Senator
from Kansas a question ?
Mr. POME ROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEVENSON. Has any notice been
given of this amendment?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then I raise a point
of order.
Mr. COLE. It has not been referred to our
committee.
Mr. POMEROY. I will read the rule 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
overrules the point of order. The amend-
ment comes within the scope of the rule.
Mr. POMEROY. I am satisfied with the
ruling of the Chair.
Mr. STEVENSON. Did I understand the
Chair to overrule the point of order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
did.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then I appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the appeal.
Mr. STEVENSON. I call for the reading
of the rule.
Mr. COLE. I will read the second clause
of the rule:
"All amendmonts^to general appropriation bills
reported from committees of the Senate " 
Mr. POMEROY. "Yes, reported from com-
mittees." I said I did not report this from a
committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
will observe the language of Rule 30, which
provides for amendments on estimates from
the head of a Department. The Senatorfrom
Kansas stated in terms that this amendment
Was recommended by the head of a Depart-
ment. The Secretary will read Rule SO.
Mr. STEVENSON. As I understood the
Senator from Kansas, he did not state that the
Department asked for this amendment; he
only said the Department sent the measure to
the Committee on Public Lands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will answer the Senator from Kentucky' by
stating 
Mr. POMEROY. I said I was requestedby
the head of the Department not only to report
the bill, but to secure its passage on the appro-
priation bill if it could be done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
so understood the Senator from Kansas, and
upon that ruled. The Chair will now have
Rule 30 read.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to understand this
matter. Do 1 understand the Senator from
Kansas to say that this was simply a statement
made by the Secretary of the Interior to him,
or was there an estimate with a recommenda-
tion sent in to Congress?
Mr. POMEROY. It is an estimate sent in
to CoDgress which I hold in my hand, but not
the annual estimate. It is not included in the
regular annual estimates. It is a special esti-
mate sent in,
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly the rule does
not apply to a mere conversation between the
Secretary of the Interior and the Senator. It
must be a recommendation made to Congress.
Mr. POMEROY. I said in the opening of
my remarks that I had a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior requesting that
Congress make this appropriation of $48,000
to enable him to employ forty additional
clerks
Mr. THURMAN. Then that is within the
rule.
Mr. POMEROY. That I had had it printed
for the information of the Senate, and held it
in my hand, and I have been reading from it.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the rule will
be read, and then I should like to hear from
the Chair on what part of the rule this amend-
ment is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will report the rule.
The Secretary read as follows:
"30. No amendment proposing additional appro-
priations shall be received to any general appropri-
ation bill, unless it be made to carry out the pro-
visions oi some existing law, or some act or resolu-
tion previously passed by the Senate during that
session, or moved by direction of a standing or select
committee of the Senate, or in pursuance of an esti-
mate from the head of some of the Departments " 
Mr. POMEROY. That is the point.
The Secretary continued the reading as
follows:
4 "And no amendment shall he received whose ob-
ject is to provide for a private claim, unless it be to
carry out the provisions of an existing law or a treaty
stipulation."
Mr. STEVENSON. Now, may I ask the
Senator from Kansas whether there is an esti-
mate for this?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir, it is contained
in the report which I read, in which he asks
for forty additional clerks and an appropria-
tion of $48,000.
Mr. STEVENSON. Is it in the estimates
of this year?
Mr. POMEROY. Not in the annual esti-
mates, but in a special estimate sent to the
Senate.
Mr. HILL. At what time?
Mr. POMEROY. It is dated at the Depart-
ment the 26th of February, 1872. I received
it the next day.
Mr. STEVENSON. The 27th of Feb-
ruary ?
Mr. POMEROY. Long since the annual
estimates were made out.
Mr. STEVENSON. I withdraw the appeal.
I did not know there had been any estimate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The appeal
is withdrawn. The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know that I
need say any more than that this is for tem-
porary service for one year, to bring up the
arrears of the office, and the Secretary has
stated in this communication why he needs it,
on account of the business of the office being
behind, because he has a less number of clerks
now than they had twenty years ago.
Mr. COLE. What is the number of the
document?
Mr. POMEROY. It is Miscellaneous Docu-
ment No. 94. These are twelve hundred dol
lar clerks, and at the end of the year their
time will expire.
Mr. COLE. This is a very extraordinary
proposition, coming in at this time and without
any notice to the Committee on Appropria-
tions. It is an application for forty additional
clerks of class one in the General Land Office,
and an appropriation of $48,000 to defray the
salaries of that number of clerks. It is not
found in any regular estimate, and I am sure
the attention of the Committee on Appropria-
tions has not been called to it at all. It has
not been brought to their notice, and there-
fore has not had the attention of the com-
mittee that it ought to have in view of the
magnitude of the proposition.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will allow
me, as I did not finish my reading, I want to
read one sentence more. The' Commissioner
of the General Land Office says :
" To meet this work without retarding the con-
stantly increasing current business does, in my
judgment, require an increase of the force of the
office of from fifty to sixty temporary clerks, to be
employed for the period of one year. I have, how-
ever, in the bill submitted, asked for forty only, be-
lieving that number will, if Congress grants the re-
organization asked for, enable me to place the office
in such condition as will render it practicable for
the permanent'force, at the expiration of the year,
to bring up all the arrearages which may then re-
main."
That is the recommendation.
Mr. COLE. I was about to add that the
General Land Office under the management
of the present Commissioner in charge has
been eminently successful. He is now bring-
ing up the work closer to the present date than
would have been the case under the manage-
ment of his predecessor, or probably under
the management of any other person. I might
say a good deal in commendation of that offi-
cer. I have seen a statement of the compara-
tive progress of business in the office now with
it in former years, and it shows a state of
facts very favorable and complimentary to the
person now in charge of it; and I was under
the impression that with his energy and skill
and management he would be able to bring up
the business in arrears without any additional
force.
This proposition now to add forty clerks t"o
his already very large force, for which appro-
priations have been made in the bill amount-
ing to $244,000, I think is an unreasonable
proposition, and certainly one that should
receive the careful attention of the Senate,
and indeed one that should first be carefully
considered by the Committee on Appropria-
tions or some other committee betore it is
acted upon.
Mr. POMEROY. I said the Committee on
Public Lands had reported it.
Mr. COLE. The Senator now States that
it comes from a committee of this body.
Mr. POMEROY. I said the Committee on
Public Lands had reported it; but they had
not asked me to put it on this bill. They re-
ported it as a separate bill.
Mr. COLE. That was a very proper course
to pursue. The Committee on Public Lands
have reported the bill to the Senate, and it is
now on the Calendar.
Mr. POMEROY. It is.
- Mr. COLE. And it will receive proper con-
sideration whet\ the Calendar is called, or when
the Senator from Kansas, the chairman of that
committee, calls it up for consideration ; and
that is the proper way to reach the case. If
the Senate chooses to add that force to the
General Land Office, then, of course, it will be
the duty of the Committee on Appropriations
to make provision for the money to pay them.
But let us consider that as a separate propo-
sition, first ascertaining whether the force is
really necessary for that bureau.
Mr. THURMAN. Let us vote it down.
Mr. COLE. I agree to the proposition to
vote it down, and will say no more.
Mr. POMEROY. That is an easy way of
disposing of any proposition that majr come
up. The easiest way is to say, " We will vote
it down." I submit to the Senator from Cali-
fornia that in the first place this comes within
the rule of the Senate; secondly, it is not to
increase the salary of' any officer whose salary
is fixed by law. It is in harmony with any
proceeding that we choose to have on an ap-
propriation bill. Now, the Senator says that
if we pass this measure as a bill by itself the
Committee on Appropriations will appropriate
the money ; but now is the time that we want
the money, and this is the bill to put it on.
Mr. SAWYER. It is just as easy to put it
on the miscellaneous bill.
