4142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
the Ku Klux law in South Carolina the mar-
shal there was put to additional expense, and
ought not 10 he limited by this $6,000 limit-
ation. The House passed a bill relieving him
from that limitation • (or the pe.iod of four
months, and that was the time when the old
marshal went out and a new marshal was
appointed, some time I think in February.
The Committee on the Judiciary thought it
proper that if the other marshal was not lim-
ited for the four months previous, as these
trials and arrests continued down to about
May, the bill ought to be extended to him,
and they recommended to extend it to the 1st
of May and pass it. That is the whole of it.
Tlie amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as.amended, was adopted.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend
ed, aud the amendment, was concurred in. It
was ordered ttiat the amendment be engrossed
and llie bill read a third time. The bill was
read the third time aud passed, and its title
was amended so as to read, "A bill to grant
additional compensation to the marshal of the
district of South Carolina."
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Mr. President—-
Sir. EDMUNDS. I call for the regular
order.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I ask the Senate to
take up Senate bill No. 1163, which has been
favorably reported from the Committee on the
liemoval of Political Disabilities.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I insist on the regular
order, whatever it may be.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Veimont demands the regular order,
which arrests all other business. The regular
order is first, the presentation of petitions.
Mr. ROBERTSON. This is a bill which
will take no timeand willgiverise to nodebate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That may be,
but the Senator from Vermont objects to any-
thing but, the regular order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My apology, Mr. Presi-
dent, and 1 make it to all Senators at once, is
that there is a resolution pending on your
table, offered by the Senator from California
[Mr. Cole] ye.->tt*rday, which it is indispensable
Bhould be considered, and 1 feel it to be my
duly to insist on the regular order, so we may
be enabled to take that up aud consider it.
Mr. ROBERTSON. 1 appeal to the Sen-
ator to allow this bill to pass.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ver.nont does not withdraw his objec-
tion. Petitions and memorials are in order.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. COLE presented a memorial of the
Legislature of California, asking relief to set-
tlers on the Soscol rancho, lying in the coun-
ties of Napa aud Solano, in that State, aud
asking an appropriation to reimburse those
settlers for damages sustained by them and
expenses incurred in prosecuting their claims
to the land ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Piivate Laud Claims.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are two bills re-
ported from the Committee on Finance of
general importance here in their last stages,
and I should like to have them passed upon.
I am now acting upon a committee of confer-
ence, and I can only be present here for fifteen
minutes. They are bills in which my con-
stituents have no special interest, but one of
them involves the interest of a large number
of colored people of the South in regard to
land titles, and the other is in regard to the
construction of s revenue law. I hope the
Senate will allow me to have them passed so
that 1 may go back to the committee of con-
ference now occupying my attention.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator can go back
to the conference, and then come back here
when we have disposed of the adjournment
resolution. I feel it my duty to stick to the
objection until we determine the question of
adjournment, if we can.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I am in-
structed by the Committee on Patents to ask
an hour this evening, or rather some evening,
and I will ask it this evening, for the consid-
eration of business from that committee. It
will take no more than an hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Connecticut asks that one hour of this
evening's session be assigned for the consid-
eration of bills from the Committee on Patents.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I cannot consent to it
until we have disposed of the adjournment
question.
Mr. WINDOM. I rose to add my request
to that of the Senator from Connecticut, but
of course if the Senator from Vermont persists
ia his objection the motion cannot be made.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. LEWIS. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, to whom
was referred tbe bill (H. R. No. 2847) to au-
thorize the Orange, Alexandria, aud Manassas
Railroad Company to run trains and trans-
port freight and passengers wiihin the Distiict
of Columhia, to report it back formally. This
bill has been passed unanimously by the
House; there is no objection whatever to it
from any quarter; and it is very important
that these parties should be at work. I hope,
therefore, there will be no objection to put it
on its passage at once.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Vermont insist on his objection?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. LEWIS. 1 move, then, to lay aside the
regular order and take up this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That cannot be
done. Under the twenty-fourth rule the order
of business must be called through, except it
be dispensed with by unanimous consent.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 893) for the protection of owners of saw
mills on the Mississippi river, reported it with
amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. II. No. 2865) to fix
the compensation of gaugers and measurers at
tbe port of Boston, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred so much of the President's mes-
sage concerning the telegraph system of the
United States as related to commerce, sub-
mitted a report; which was ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am also directed by
tbe same committee, to whom was referred
tbe bill (H. R. No. 171) to provide for the
sale of a part of the light-house reservation
at Fort Gratiot, Port Huron, in the State of
Michigan, to report it back without amend-
ment and recommfend its passage; and as it
is purely a local matter, and very brief, I will
ask unanimous consent to putit on its passage.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont objects until the adjournment
question shall be decided.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think the Senator
will withdraw his objection in this case.
The VICE PRESIDENT. He will not.
He has declined to withdraw it for several
reports.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I will make this
report afterward.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan withdraws the report.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Tbe Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1175) for the relief of certain Indians
in the central superinteudency, have directed
me to report it back with amendments and
recommend its passage ; and I should be very
glad if the Senator from Vermont would with-
draw his objection, and permit action on this
bill. , _
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Vermont withdraw his objection?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; I insist upon it
all the time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, how-
ever, feels compelled to submit the question
when requested by a Senator to do so.
Mr. POMEROY. As the Senatorfrom Con-
necticut was instructed to ask the present con-
sideration of that bill when reported, I hope
he will now withdraw it until be can ob'ain its
present consideration, because if it goes upon
the Calendar it will not be reached. The sec-
retary of the Interior has just returned from
the West, and this bill is introduced here to
supply a want he found there, and he asks
that it may be acted upon now. Under the
circumstances I hope tbe Senator will with-
draw the report.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will do so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Connecticut withdraws the report, aud will
submit it at the proper time.
Mr. POMEROY. I have several reports to
make from the Committee on Public Lands,
one giving some Government land to Fisk
University, in the State of Tennessee, but!
cannot obey the instructions of my commit-
tee under the circumstances, because I was
requested to ask its present consideration. It
is a bill granting three acres of land in Ten-
nessee, near Nashville, to the Fisk University
for educational purposes. The bill has passed
the House, and we have reported it unan-
imously ; but under the circumstances I will
withhold all these reports until I can ask for
their present consideration. 1 desire it to be
distinctly understood that I shall never vote
to adjourn this session until those bills which
can be passed unanimously have had an oppor-
tunity to come before the Senate.
Mr. V1CKERS, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (8.
No. 1179) to make San Diego, in the Slate of
California, a port of entry, reported it with-
out amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (tl. R. No 2622) for the
relief of James De Long, late United States
consul at Aux Cayes, Hayti, repotted it with-
out amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. 11. No. 2568) for the
relief of John Black, late consul ot the United
States at the city of Mexico, leported it with-
out amendment.
MESSAGE FROM TUB IIOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson. its Clerk, announced
that tbe House had passed the following reso-
lution; in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate:
Retained, (the Senate concurring.) That the time
for the final adjournment of the second session of
the Forty-Second Congress, now fixed at Moudnv,
June3,instant, be.and thesame isln-reby,extended
till five o'clock Tuesday evening, June 4, instant,
and the President of the Senate aud the Speaker of
the House shall at that time adjourn their respective
Houses without day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Under the
twenty fourth rule, at the opening of the
morning session the Chair is directed to lay
before the Senate messages from the House
of Representatives. This is a message ex-
tending tbe time of adjournment of the session
of Congress; but the morning business having
commenced, and now resting at calls of com-
mittees, if Senators object, the Chair cannot
now submit the resolution to the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object, for one.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then, not com-
ing at the commencement of the morning busi-
ness, the Chair cannot present it.
PAGES OF THE SENATE.
Mr. POOL. I offer the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the pay of the pages of the Senate
