1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1455
Mr. POMEROY. But this is the bill that
makes the appropriations for the salaries of
the clerks in the various offices. The miscel-
laneous bill does not make appropriations for
clerks in the offices; but this bill does. Some
men seem to think the easier way will be to
get it off this bill and get it on some other.
What is the benefit of that? If it is a meas-
ure that should pass, why not pass it on this
bill? If the Government should furnish this
clerical force and pay for it, what is the use
in dodging the question and saying, "Bring it
up by itself," or "Put it on some other bill;"
" Get it off this?" I say, meet the question
fairly; either dispute the recommendation of
the head of the Department and say he has
asked what he does not want and what the
public service does not require, or grant him
what he needs. The Senator says it should
be considered by some committee. It has
been considered and unanimously reported on
by the Committee on Public Lands, and I
took the responsibility without any instruc-
tions from the committee to move it on this
bill because it is recommended by the head
of the Department, and therefore comes within
the rule, and this is the place where it should
be, and now is the time to vote it on.
Mr. CAMERON. I agree with the Senator
from California that the best thing we can do
with this proposition is to vote it down. To
my mind it is absurd to increase the number
of clerks by forty in any one Department.
Mr. POMEROY. Temporarily, for ene
year.
Mr. CAMERON. There is no temporary
office in this country. We get a man in under
the excuse that it is only temporary; but once
in, he has to be kept there, and then you hold
out false pretenses to all the country. We
shall have at least ten thousand applicants for
these forty clerkships. The right way to meet
the case is this: if in a single branch of this
Department they have not got force enough,
take what is needed from some other branch
of the Department. There are more clerks
employed here now than fill up their time, but
we are constantly going on at the application
of some head of a bureau to add to his force.
When we go there and make complaints, as I
often do myself, that they have not attended
to the pension claim of some good old widow
in the country, they say to me, " Give us more
clerks and we will get this thing done sooner
for you." In my business, when I had force
enough to do the work on hand for a day or
a week within the usual daily hours, I asked
the people to do a little more hour-work, to
work a few more hours, and they always did
it, gladly did it, and ought to do it. So it
should be here, because a man who gets a
place in one of these Departments is very
highly favored; he gets more pay than he can
anywhere else in the United States for the
same labor that he does here; and it is all
wrong at this time, when we ought to be sav-
ing money, to increase these clerkships.
Besides, no man ever came here as a clerk
that did not have a great wrong done to him.
A man able to be an efficient clerk here, if he
would stay at home among his neighbors who
know his family and know all about him, would
easily be able to get employment which in the
end would compensate him much more than
coming here. Look and see how few men who
ever came here as clerks, leaving their homes
with high talents and fine associations around
them, have ever risen above the mere place of
a second or third class clerk. I know very fe-tf.
How much fewer have the cases been where a
boy who came on this floor, being urged upon us
as a page, ever filled a place befitting the am-
bition of that boy when he first came here as
a page? None. There is a blighting power
011 everybody that comes here and fills these
subordinate places in our Government, and I
am always sorry to see them come; and for
that reason especially I shall vote against this
increase of clerks, to bring here forty more
people to make them slaves, as they will be if
they come here. I cannot do that.
Mr. POMEROY. You had better shut up
the Departments, then.
Mr. CAMERON. No, there are more peo-
ple now in the Departments than are wanted.
Some of the Departments have too many, and
others probably have too few. Let the head
arrange the business as the head of any great
establishment would do. If the Land Office
has too few, let the head of the Interior De-
partment take some from some other branch
of the Department. That can be very readily
done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. I only want to say in
reply to the Senator from Pennsylvania, that
his argument has no relation to this question,
which is, whether there is a necessity for an
increase of temporary force in the Land
Office or not. His argument is against em-
ploying clerks at all.
Mr. CAMERON. No such thing.
Mr. POMEROY. He says they are demor-
alized ; they never reach the height of their
ambition if they come here, and they had a
great deal better stay away. .
Mr. CAMERON. No, the Senator did not
understand me in that way. We must have
clerks, but I say it is a misfortune for any
man to come here as a clerk. That far he is
right.
Mr. POMEROY. Is it not necessary to
have a sufficient number to discharge the
business?
Yes; but we have a suffi-
Who is to judge of that ?
The head of the Depart-
Mr. Delano. Here is his
Mr. CAMERON.
cient number.
Mr. POMEROY.
Mr. CAMERON.
ment.
Mr. POMEROY.
recommendation.
Mr. CAMERON. I dare say that is brought
about by somebody going and complaining to
Mr. Delano.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator knows
that, I do not.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not know-that, but
I know enough of the business here in Wash-
ington to know that that is the common
answer given to you when you go to complain
of some particular duty not having been done
at the proper time. That is my experience,
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will take
the letter sent here by the Secretary, read it,
and study it, he will see that for twenty years
we have been passing laws throwing additional
labor on this bureau without increasing the
force. Here is an account of all the college
scrip that has been located ; here is an account
of all the land warrants; here is an account
of all the surveying; and yet they have five
clerks less than then. He recommends that
there be at least forty. He says :
"To meet this work, without retarding the con-
stantly increasing current business, does, in my
judgment, require an increase of the force of the
office of from fifty to sixty temporary clerks, to be
employed for the period of one year. I have, how-
ever, in the bill submitted, asked for forty only,
believing that number will, if Congress grants the
reorganization asked for, enable me to place the
office in such condition as will render it practicable
lor the permanent force, at tlie expiration of the
year, to bring up all the arrearages which may then
remain."
That is the recommendation.
Mr. CAMERON. I have great faith in the
head of the Interior Department. I think he
is about the ablest man the President now has
around him.
Mr. POMEROY. I think so, too.
Mr. CAMERON. But I would say to him,
"if you have not got people enough in this
articular branch, take them from some other
bureau of your Department." I believe he
has got more clerks in that building called
the Patent Office than he needs.
Mr. POMEROY. He does not think so.
Mr. CAMERON. But I am to vote on it,
and I have a right to my opinion. My fellows
and myself here are the judges of that when
an appropriation is to be made. He is in the
occupancy of the office, and it is his duty to
do as we direct him; he is not our master at
all, aud I say so with great respect to him. I
am opposed to this thing of constantly every
year coming begging for temporary places
which are intended to be permanent ones, and
I know that it is time we should reduce the
expenses of the Government, which grew up
in the profusion of the war when everybody
wanted a place, when everybody thought we
had not enough people to do the duties. I
should like to see every Department go back
to about what it was when the war began.
While I would pay many of the officers prob-
ably larger salaries than they have now, I
would compel them to serve more hours.
What are eight hours in a day? Why cannot
these people work twelve hours, as I used to
do when 1 worked here in Washington?
Mr. POMEROY. Bring in a bill for twelve
hours, and see how many votes it would get!
Mr. CAMERON. I could get plenty of
people to serve twelve hours if they were paid
for it; but if you fix a particular salary they
will work just as few hours as possible. I do
not want to talk about this question, but I am
going to vote against the proposition.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Boreman,
Brownlow, Caldwoll, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton,
Ferry of Michigan, Hamlin, Hill, Hitchcock,_Kel-
' Morrill of Maine, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool,
Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas,
Johnston, Kelly, Norwood, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Ste-
venson, Stockton, Thurman, Vickers, and West—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Buckingham,
Casserly, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Davis of Ken-
tucky, Edmunds, Penton, Ferry of Connecticut,
fioldthwaite, Harlan, Howe, Lewis, Logan, Morrill
of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Patterson, Pratt, bchurz,
Scott, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Tipton,
Trumbull, Wilson, Windom, and Wright—32.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. I move to amend the bill
by striking out oil page 45 the clause making
appropriations for Bureau of Education, be-
ginning with line ten hundred and ninety-two
and ending with line eleven hundred and three,
and insert the following in lieu thereof:
Bureau of Education: , _ nnn , . „
For Commissioner of Education, #3,000 ; chief
clerk, $2,000; one clerk of class four; one statistician,
with the compensation of a clerk of class lour; one
clerk of class three; ono translator, with the com-
pensation of a clerk of class three; one clerk of
class two; one copyist, at $900; one messenger, at
J810; stationery, $1,000; library, $1,000; current ed-
ucational periodicals, $250; other current publica-
tions, $225; completing valuable sets of periodicals
and publications in the library, $200; collecting
statistics and writing and compiling matter for
annual and special reports, and editing and publish-
ing circulars of information, $13,000; lucland lights,
§275; contingencies, $1,260; in all, $34,850.
This amendment is proposed by the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor, and I believe
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions will consent to it without debate.
Mr. COLE. This amendment -is another
proposition to legislate upon an appropriation
bill. It creates some new offices and reorgan-
izes a whole department. It should be done,
if at all, on some bill by itself. I am aware that
the chairman of the Committee on Education
and Labor has been instructed by his committee
to propose an amendment of this sort; but it
, will be remembered that this is a new bureau; it
is one that you cannot say much against, be-
cause we are all in favor of education, most
of us having but little of it. [Laughter, A
proposition of this sort ought, in my opinion,
to be brought up by itself and to have the fair
