1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
414t
be continued until the end of the present month,
and that the Secretary is hereby directed to allow
and pay the same.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That ought to be referred
to the Committee to Audit and Control the
Contingent, Expenses of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT.- It will be so
referred.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there are no
farther Senate resolutions, the Senate resumes
ibe consideration of the fortification bill, called
up by unanimous consent this morning subject
to the morning business.
Mr. COLE. I move that that, be laid aside
informally, in order to take up the resolution
in reference to adjournment that I submitted
yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California asks that the fortification bill
be laid aside informally for the purpose of
proceeding to the consideration of the reso-
lution in regard to adjournment.. Is there
objection ? The Chair hears none, aod the
Secretary will report the resolution offered
yesterday, which lias lain over one day.
The Chief Clerk read as follows t
Re*olved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That the resolution directing the
President of the Senate and the Speaker of the
House of Representative1' to declare their respect-
ive Houses adjourned on Monday, the 3d of June, at
twelve o'clock meridian be, and the same is hereby,
rescinded.
Mr. BAYABD. Is it in order to offer tbe
resolution which has just come from the House
as a substitute for this?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in order
to offer the language of it, but not the specific
resolution itself. The Senator can offer the
language of it as an amendment.
Nr. BAYARD. I move, then, that this
resolution be laid on the table, in order to
consider the resolution of the House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 suggest to the Senator
from Delaware that lie cannot consider the
resolution from the House to-day, because
the rules require that it, shall go over until
to morrow, just as this one went over yesterday.
Mr. BAYARD. May I inquire whether the
Senator from "Vermont makes the point of
order as to the consideration of the House
resolution to-day?
The VICE PRESIDENT. He does.
Mr. EDMUNDS. X shall make it when the
time eomes>, if it does come, for the same
reason that Senators in the Opposition made
it yesterday against the resolution of the Sen-
ator from California.
Mr. BAYARD. They withdrew the objec-
tion, and therefore if the Senator chooses to
follow their example he should follow it in
that respect as well as the other.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to suggest to
the Senator that he can accomplish his pur-
pose by moving to strike out all after the
resoliing clause and insert the resolution of
the House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly that will bring
up the question fairly and squarely.
Mr. BAYAliD. I ask whether the Senator
from Vermont proposes to enforce the point
of order in this case by objecting to laying this
resolution on the table in order to take up the
House resolution ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator has a right
to move to table thii resolution if he wishes to.
There is no point of order about that. Brit I
will say to the Senator, although it is taking
up time which I ought not to take up, that 1
propose to apply to the House resolution pre-
cisely the parliamentary rule applied to that
of my fnend from Oalifornii [Mr. Cole]
offered yesterday. Its present, consideration
was objected to. Therefore, _ if the JHou-se res-
olution is taken up I shall object to its present
consideration.
Air, BAYARD. I merely draw the atten-
tion of the Senator to the fact that that objec-
tion was withdrawn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator is mistaken,
as I am assured ; but I will leave it to the
Chair.
Mr. BAYARD. Then, as I understand,
the Senator fiom Vermont does intend toob-
jeet to this resolution, or to my motion, upon
the ground which he has stated, I will move
to substitute the language of the Housb reso-
lution forlhis resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in order,
to move to amend this resolution which has
lain over one day by substituting the language
of the House resolution. The Chair will state
in regard to the colloquy between the Senator
from Delaware and the Senator from Ver-
mont, that objection was made at, first yester-
day to the reception or consideration of the
resolution now before the Senate. Afterward
the Senator from Maryland withdrew his objec
tion to the reception ofit, allowing it to come
in, but that it should go over one day as,
under the rules of the Senate, resolutions must
go over one day.
Mr. BAYARD. I think, the Senator from
Maryland, when he withdrew his objection,
did so unqualifiedly.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. No; I
did not understand it in the first place, and at
first my objection was offered to the reception
of the resolution. I withdrew that; but my
objection remained—the Senator from Dela-
ware is mistaken—to its consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair,
then was correct 111 his statement. The Sen-
ator from Delaware now moves to amend this
resolution by striking out all after the word
"that," in the second line, and inserting
what will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the matter proposed
to be inserted, as follows :
The time for final adjournment of the second
session of the Forty-Second Congress, now fixed
at Monday, June 3 instant, be, and the same is
hereby, extended to live o'clock oa Tuesday, June
4 instant; and the President of the Senate and
Speaker of the House shall at that time adjourn
their respective Houses without day.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am opposed to that
amendment for reasons which 1 will state in
two or three minutes. In the first place, I
hope the Senate will preserve, as it always
endeavors to do, something of its sense of
self-r<jspect. We passed, months ago, a reso-
lution to adjourn on the 29th ot Mav, when,
had it been agreed to within a reasonable time,
there was ample time for both Houses to have
worked in the light, of it, to have passed all
bills of a public nature which either House
desired to have a vote upon, or to have dis-
posed of them by a defeat, without having it
put in the power of either House by means
of what are called parliamentary tactics, or in
the language of the newspapers by filibuster
ii.g, or in the language of honest men by ques
rionable means to prevent the majority from
having a fair vote, after discussion, upon pub-
lic measures. The Senate asked a return of
that lesolution in season to have not had it
acted upon, and the House, I btlieve for the
first time in the history of the Government,
declined to accede to the request of the Sen-
ate, and proceeded in haste onthe next day to
adopt the resolution, in order obviously to
prevent the Senate from reconsidering the
proposition which it had made to the House
so long before, and which the House-had not
undertaken to consider. So we were bound to
the 29th pf May. Then, when that time was
about to come, it was extended until Monday
next; that was the first extension
Meantime the Senate, which is su pposed still
to have some rights, has passed various bills of
a public nature, be they wise or unwise—that
is a question which I do not now propose to
discuss—and have sent them to the House of
Representatives. Some of those measures, as
we see by the public papers, {and
have a
right to refer to it probably, as this is a ques-
tion between the two Houses any ho!w,)
evidently a majority of that House desires to
consider—1 do not say to.pass—I say desire to
consider, but a minority of that body, by a
resort to those measures which I hope the
Senate never will resort to, prevent® majority
of the House from bringing them utidvr con-
sideration.
Now, in this state of the case, when, the
measures of the Senate which it has passed in
what it believes to be the interest of the coun-
try are sent to that body, and when this day of
final adjournment has been fixed through what
I cannot but regard as the gross di.-courtesy
of the House of Representatives to this body,
I say, for one, that I trust we shall pass no
resolution in this body save one to rescind the
action of the two Houses, and send that to
the House of Representatives, and let it take
the responsibility of terminating this session
on Monday or of rescinding its resolution, so
that filibusters may not have the opportunity
of thwarting the will of the two Houses and of
adding to the insults which I think have been
imposed upon the Senate about this business
any further.
These are my reasons for opposing any
amendment, and for insisting upon having
the vote of the Senate on the direct proposi-
tion 
Mr. CASSERLY. I rise to a point of
order.
The VrCE PRESIDENT. The Chair will'
perhaps anticipate tb& Senator fiom Califor-
nia by saying that he thinks the remarks in
regard to insults by the other House are not
in accordance with parliamentary law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. Piesident, the Chair
misunderstood ine, and so did the Senator
from California. I d.d not say ''insults by
the other House."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair mis-
understood the Senator, then.
Mr. CASSERLY. What did the Senator
say about "the Senator from California /"
Mr. EDMUNDS. Nothing.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 certainly lizard the
language "'Senator from California."
Mr. EDMUNDS. If I di 1 say it, I must
have been more unhappy in my language than
i usually am.
Mr. CASSERLY. The language of the Sen-
ator was—of course I say it under coriection—
"the gross discourtesy of the House." That
was his language.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How was that an insult
to the Senator from California?
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator knows very
well what I am talking about.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I Certainly do not.
Mr. CASSERLY. I did not speak of any
insult to me. Perhaps if 1 had thought there
was any I should not have been 60 prompt to
interrupt the Senator till 1 had heard him out,
supposing if he had done it he had done it
unintentionally and would so correct his lan-
guage; but my objection is to so much of the
Senator's remarks as referred to two points.
The first is lie referred to the action of the
other House for the purpose of influencing the
action of this; and second, he referred to the
House as having conducted itself with "gross
discourtesy." 1 state the language, of course,
as 1 understood it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That was a little too long
ago to raise a point of order upon it. If any
point of order is raised,  s I do not want to
spend time upon points of order, 1 withdraw,
with suitable humiliation and repentance, all
that 1 have said about discourtesy and gross_
ness, and if I have used the word "insultiajj"
I withdraw that and every other objectionable
reuiaik, and will begin again by saying that I
have the highest respect for the House of Rep-
resentatives, as I have, and will say that I am
bound to presume they do not intend aj>y dis-
courtesy to us, aud 1 will now- say that
