1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
559
nance, refusing to remit the duties upon another
chime of bells which charitable women bought
for a church in tbe city of Troy. I do not see
the analogy, I say, between those chimes and
this bill. I do not see in this any features
resembling the placing of philosophical and
scientific apparatus and machinery upon the
free list of the tariff, so that all men alike, the
children of affluence and the children of toil,
the sons of Portland and the sons of San Fran-
cisco, and the colleges in which they are, may
profit by having scientific articles imported
exempt from duty. On the contrary, if I felt
at liberty to detain the Senate upon that argu-
ment, I think that one no better versed than
I in legal and constitutional distinctions might
point out unmistakable lines of separation be-
tween the cases to which I refer and a case
like this. This in legal effect is to say, as I
understand it, that the people of the city of
Syracuse, in the State of New York, shall be
exempted from duties upon salt, coal, and
iron; and I think the statement of the case
distinguishes it altogether from the precedents
which have been cited for the sake of some
general resemblance which they were supposed
to bear to this measure.
Mr. President, disguise it as we will, this is
a benefaction ; it is a charity, it is a gratuity, it
is the principle which the senior Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] discussed in a debate,
a portion of which we have heard read, and
the question put to the Senate is whether this
comes so near an earthquake, whether it re-
sembles so much the act of God or the act of
the public enemy, that it is to be withdrawn
from the catalogue of casualties resulting from
human carelessness and attributed to an over-
ruling power the visitation of which calls for
an exceptional and eccentric response. That
is the question. I do not mean to deny that it
was a calamity the magnitude of which beg-
gars all statement. It stands alone in history,
perhaps, in its magnitude and aggravation, at
least in some respects, certainly in modern
history. It was a greater calamity than that
which desolated the city of New York in 1833,
which exploded insurance companies and fire
stocks, and left Manhattan Island strewn with
the wrecks of commercial enterprise and of
private fortunes. It is perhaps for this day a
greater calamity than the one I refer to was
for that day in which it happened. I will not
deny it, although 1 am not sure of it. It is
great enough to have made the nation grieve,
great enough to call upon every Senator to
resolve on the side of humanity any balanced
doubts he may have as to the direction of his
vote.
I would prefer to treat it so, and to make it
in express terms a bill recognizing the fact,
responding to the fact, and justified by the
fact. I do not believe that all this circumlo-
cution as to remission of duties is the way. I
believe it works out less of practical, well-
directed charity and benefit than would result
otherwise; but 1 believe it to be an indirect
way of going around, of getting about the
Constitution, in place of presenting in the
very front of the measure the real justifica-
tion which must be pleaded for it.
But, Mr. President, 1 rose certainly not to
make the remarks I have made ; only to state,
as I might have done more briefly and have
relieved the Senate, that I can understand no
principle upon which to rest my vote for the
bill except that principle which deals with the
fire in question, the great conflagration referred
to in the bill, and which then applies just as
well to the men who suffered from that fire in
the States of Wisconsin and Michigan as to
the men who suffered in the State of Illinois.
This distinction cannot be geographical. The
distinction to be found in a case like this must
be between ordinary casualties which we would
not recognize in this way, and that overtopping,
overmastering casualty which seems to reside
in its cause above human instrumentality, and
to take to itself the analogies of acts of God
or acts of the public enemy. If that be true,
let us be just, but let us distribute the relief
we propose to afford, at least as far as we prac-
tically and easily can, among those who actu-
ally and certainly suffered by the event which
calls upon us to legislate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have not come here
to-day prepared with statistics on the subject,
but I have had a few furnished me in the
Chamber. Since I last took my seat I have
received a telegram stating that two delega-
tions from the burnt districts of Michigan are
on the way, and desire to be heard, and they
ask that the bill go over, so that they may be
heard, and I should be very glad if that may
be done.
I have a few statistics which I will give to
the Senate. There were in the city of Holland
between three hundred and four hundred build-
ings destroyed out of five hundred. In Manistee
about the same number destroyed, perhaps a
little less; the city is larger and more scat-
tered, and did not burn so clean. There were
between three hundred and four hundred
houses burned in Manistee, out of between five
and six hundred. In the village of Cracow,
with seven hundred inhabitants, not a single
house was left. I have only proposed to insert
cities; I have not put in all these villages. In
the village of White Rock there were but ten
houses left out of one hundred and fifty. As
I stated before, in two counties, out of seven-
teen hundred houses only seventy-six were
left, and these two counties were literally
swept over and burned up by this devouring
clement.
Now, I should be very glad if the Senate
would allow these delegations to be heard
before the Committee on Finance; of course
they cannot be heard on the floor of the Sen-
ate; and I should be very glad if this bill
could be recommitted to the Committee on
Finance, that they might be permitted to listen
to these delegations that are coming here to
be heard. As I said before, I was very poorly
prepared with statistics, and have not done
justice to the subject. I move that the bill
be recommitted to the Committee on Finance,
in order that these delegations now on the
way, and who will very soon be here, may be
heard.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
boy in the cbair.) The Senator from Michi-
gan moves that the bill be recommitted to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope not.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire that all these
propositions may be referred to the committee
with the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments will all go to the committee if the bill
goes.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I certainly would
vote for the motion of the Senator from Mich-
igan if our passing this bill interfered at all
with our doing just what he desires and what
the Senator from Wisconsin desires in refer-
ence to the other places that suffered by this
conflagration.
The Senator from New York asked how we
distinguish this case from the cases in Wiscon-
sin and Michigan. The answer is to my mind
perfectly plain and patent. We all know of
the great calamity that befell Chicago. I do
not dispute that the same calamity visited the
other States; but that is not ascertained. This
subject lias been referred to a committee; they
have investigated it; they have reported to the
Senate that it is a case in which our charity
ought to be exercised. Let the same process
be pursued in reference to these other places,
and I will vote to afford them the same relief.
A word in reference to another remark of
the Senator from New York. It is very true,
as he said, that the city of New York suffered
its millions. I do not doubt that his state-
ment is correct, $40,000,000 ; but it occurs to
me that we may not better relieve that suffer-
ing or promote the interest of New York than
by giving this timely aid to the city of Chicago.
No part of this nation is more interested than
the great metropolis which the honorable Sen-
ator in part represents, in this very charity.
Therefore I think that inasmuch as this relief
can be afforded to the other places, and as it is a
great national calamity, we may properly afford
this national relief.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him one question?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to ask the hon-
orable Senator in what sense he makes the
remark that it is not an ascertained fact that
this conflagration which swept Chigago swept
town, field, and forest in these other States?
Perhaps he used the word merely in the legis-
lative sense that it had not been ascertained
by a committee and a bill brought in.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. lusedit inboth
senses. There was a list of towns stated by the
Senator from Wisconsin. I know perfectly
■well, as every other citizen of the United States
knows, the terrible calamity that passed over
that State ; I know just as well as the Senator
from Michigan knows of the terrible confla-
gration which visited his State ; but that these
places, some eight or nine m number, are each
of them proper places in which we should
relieve from the collection of duties I do not
know. It is not ascertained in any sense to
my mind.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
ms to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CARPENTER. If my friend will read
tbe newspaper press of Wisconsin, of Minne-
sota, of Michigan, of New York, and the press
of the entire country containing the corre-
spondence from that section for months, the
testimony of every man who has been there,
the testimony of the Senators upon this floor
from all these States; and if that will not sat-
isfy him, if he will go and cast his eye over
seven counties of the burnt district with not a
house standing, not a fence, not a farm con-
venience nor utensil there, and then say that
it is not ascertained that these towns have
suffered, I shall despair of ever having that
fact ascertained to the satisfaction of the Sen-
ator.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The Senator
from Wisconsin attempts to make an issue
with me where one cannot be made. It is
perfectly ascertained that this conflagration
did visit his State—-I have read that in the
newspapers; and it is also true that it did
visit Michigan; but it is not fixed to my sat-
isfaction, by any newspapers that I have read,
that just the particular districts which are
stated in these amendments are the proper
subjects for this relief, and I think that it
ought to be referred to a committee, at all
events. In that particular the case of Chi-
cago is distinguished from those of Wisconsin
and Michigan.
Air. CHANDLER. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question 1
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CHANDLER. A delegation is now
coming from a very large class in Michigan,
for all these sufferers are engaged in the lum-
ber business. Suppose a great injustice has
unintentionally been done to this large class
of people in Michigan, is not the Senate will-
ing to give one or two days to examine and
see if there has been, whether there may not
be some other way of conferring this boon
without doing an injustice to any one, either
from Michigan or elsewhere.
Mr. FRELIN GHUYSEN. Now,_ the Sen-
ator from Michigan puts his application on an
entirely different ground from that which he
