3248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
Chair was about to have it read for informa-
tion ; but if the Senator asks that it shall be
read in full prior to its being taken up, the
Chair supposes that may be done, although it
is not in accordance with the usual parlia-
mentary usage.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suppose my original
demand was strictly according to parliamentary
usage, and that was to have the bill read a
second time by its title. I made that demand
because the Senator from Nevada chose to
have the bill called up by number.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands the Senator now, and he withdraws
what he has said. The Senator from Califor-
nia now desires to have the bill read a second
time in full, as he has a right to do.
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes, sir, for inform-
ation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
now changes it, and it is to be for information.
This is therefore not the second reading of
the bill. The Senator desires it read merely
for information, after which the question will
be on the motion that it be read the second
time, after which it can be referred.
The Chief Clerk read the bill in full for
information.
Mr. STEWART. Now, I ask that the bill
have its second reading.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Senator
from Nevada moves that the bill now have its
second reading.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
be read the second time by its title, unless some
Senator again demands that it bo read in full.
The bill was read the second time by its
title.
Mr. STEWART. I now move that it be
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road; and I will state in making that motion
that if there is any opposition to this reference,
or discussion, 1 shall withdraw the motion and
allow the bill to take its chances without a
reference. 1 will state that the Pacific Railroad
Committee have heretofore considered a prop-
osition to give one half of this island to the
Central Pacific railroad, and the bill was
reported by them and passed the Senate in
1808. I now have that bill in my hand. I
repeat, sir, if there is to he opposition, if there
must be a debate on this question of reference,
1 do not wish to have the deflate repeated and
occupy the time of the Senate, and I shall
withdraw the motion to refer which I now
make.
The VICE _ PRESIDENT. The question
of reference is before the Senate, and the
Senator from Nevada moves the reference of
the bill to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road.
Mr. COLE. I move to amend that motion
by providing that the bill be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia, to refer the bill to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. STEWART. I do not wish to have the
time of the Senate occupied on this subject,
and if it is to be I do not care about the ref-
©1*611 cg 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator is not will-
ing to allow the original motion to be made, if
this discussion is not to drop here, I will with-
draw it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from California insists on the floor, no other
Senator can take it from him to withdraw a
proposition, but it' he yields the floor the Sen-
ator from Nevada can withdraw the propo-
sition ; but the bill will still be before the
Senate.
Mr. STEWART. I will inquire if the Sen-
ator is willing to let all these motions drop ?
If there is to be a motion to refer, then I shall
make my motion.
Mr. COLE. The Senator does not make
any modifying motion at all. Sol will go on.
Mr. CASSERLY. With the permission of
my colleague, I ask the Senator from Nevada
what is it he proposes to do ? If I understand
him his proposition is to withdraw his motion
to refer to the Railroad Committee.
Mr. STEWART. To any committee. The
understanding is that we shall take it up with-
out a reference to any committee.
Mr. CASSERLY. In other words, the bill
is to stay here until it is taken up at some
other time when it may be more convenient
for the Senator to call it up. I do not think it
is desirable that the two Senators from Cali-
fornia should be kept here day after day in the
morning hour watching this bill and the move-
ments in regard to it. If the Senator from
Nevada is desirous to avoid discussion and
debate on this subject, he can do so in a mo-
ment by yielding to the motion made by my
colleague who represents the State of Cali-
fornia in this body ; in which I heartily concur.
I believe" I also represent that State in this
body.
Mr. COLE. The question is upon the ref-
erence of this bill, I believe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is first upon
the amendment of the Senator from California
to the motion to refer.
Mr. COLE. This bill is virtually a propo-
sition to give up the half, and to all intents
and purposes the whole of the island of Yerba
Buena, in the harbor of San Francisco, for
uses other than defensive. The harbor of
Snu Francisco has been seen by some of those
who are now present, but I suppose by only a
small proportion of the Senators 
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will allow
me, in furtherance of the public business, as
I see that time is being consumed, I will move
that the pending motion lie on the table, and
let the hill stand. This contest at some time
or other is going to occupy time, and there is
no use of wasting time now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that a motion to refer is one of those
motions ranking in the order of priority that
cannot be properly laid on the table. The
bill itself can be laid on the table, and if that
were done all motions connected with it would
go to the table.
Mr. COLE. I do not yield to that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the bill lie
oil the table, then.
Mr. COLE. I would rather not yield to
that.
The VICli_ PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California is on the floor.
Mr. COLE. I am very much constrained
in point of time, as only a few moments are
left, but I wish to state here and now that I
do not know what the opinions of the Com-
mittee oil Military Affairs are on this bill, but
it relates not to the building of the Pacific
railroad, or any other railroad ; it is not to
build a railroad at all; it is simply to build a
bridge for a railroad to the extent of about a
mile from the end of a wharf that now exists,
across navigable waters, to this island, and to
occupy the island. It is not a proposition that
pertains to the construction of a railroad at
all; but it does pertain directly and essentially
to matters of very great moment to the War
Department, and I am anxious that the Com-
mittee oil Military Affairs should have the
investigation of this matter, and that they
should get the full information that will have
to be obtained from the War Department, and
from nowhere else, because I believe I know
pretty well what the opinions entertained in
that Department are on this subject.
This island lies just in front of the city of
San Francisco, and about a mile from the
wharves of that city. It is the last point of
defense that can be relied upon in case of war
or a necessity arising out of war.
I wish to state here, in reply to the remark
made by my friend from Nevada a moment
ago that this bill had passed the Senate once
before, that a very different bill was before
the Senate once before, in 1868, a bill in ref-
erence to another railroad company, and the
proposition was not then like this in many
respects; it was different in many essential
particulars; and besides, that was before the
Pacific railroad was completed, and when we
knew less about it from experience than we do
now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California will suspend. The morning
hour has expired, and the amnesty bill is
before the Senate, the pending question being
on the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Somner.]
message from this ho0sk.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, -an-
nounced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (H. II. No. 1272) to amend an act
entitled "An act to establish and protect
national cemeteries," approved February 22,
1867;
A bill (H. R. No. 1428) for the relief of
John L. Bullard ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1709) for the relief of
Major John W. Todd ;
A bill (H. II. No. 1829) for the settlement
of the account of Major Abtam Beeler, late
paymaster of United States volunteers;
A bill (H. R. No. 2136) to authorize an ap-
pointment in the inspector general's depart-
ment ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2697) relative to retired
officers of the Army ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2698) to provide for the
payment for certain property taken by the
Government for the extension of the military
reservation at Camp Mohave, in the Territory
of Arizona;
A bill (H. R. No. 2699) to amend an act
entitled " An act to establish and protect na-
tional cemeteries," approved February 22,
1807; and
A bill (II. R. No. 2700) donating condemned
cannon balls to certain organizations for mon-
umental purposes.
The message also announced that the House
had agieed to the amendments of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 838) to provide that
minors shall not be enlisted in the military
service of the United States without the con-
sent of parents or guardians.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills:
A hill (S. No. 449) authorizing the issue of
clothing to certain enlisted men of company
B, fourteenth regiment of infantry; and
A bill (S. No. 867) authorizing the Secretary
of War to correct an Army officer's record.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills of the Senate,
with amendments, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 309) to prohibit the retention
of soldiers' discharges by claim agents and
attorneys;
A bill (S. No. 446) to amend an act entitled
"An act to establish and to protect national
cemeteries," approved February 22, 1807;
A bill (S. No. 403) to enable the President
to appoint a Paymaster General of the Army;
and
A bill (S. No. 626) to authorize the sale of
certain public property at Augusta, Georgia.
french spoliation claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous
consent of the Senate yesterday ttesaSenator
from Rhode Island [Mr. Sprague] was to have
five minutes for the Committee on Appropri-
ations to present the Military Academy bill,
pending the unfinished business. Does the
Senator desire that now?
