THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
consideration of the Senate. I ask the chair-
■ man of the_ Committee on Education and
Labor if this is not already embraced in a
bill reported and on the Calendar?
Mr. SAWYER. That has no connection
■with this.
Mr. COLE. It is the easiest thing in the
world for that committee to report a bill of
this kind and have it considered on its merits
as a distinct proposition. This bureau, it
seems, has been able to perform a great deal
of work already; it succeeds in getting out a
very large volume each year of reports, a vol-
ume comprising I think nearly a thousand
pages ; and it is a. very able illustration of the
educational interest of the whole country.
There would appear to be force enough to do
all that seems to be required in this depart-
ment ; and I think this is not the time orplace
now to reorganize the department'and add
very considerably to the force belonging to it.
I hope the amendment will not be concurred
in. I trust the Senate will stand by the com
mittee on this proposition inasmuch as so
many of them have manifested a willingness
to do so, and this is a proposition on which
the committee need the support of the Senate.
Mr. SAWYER. I am very reluctant, being
a member of the Committee on Appropriations,
to antagonize any position which is taken by
that committee, and would only do so in obe-
dience to what I conceive to be my duty as
chairman of the Committee on Education and
Labor.
With regard to what the Senator has seen
fit to say as to this being legislation on an ap-
propriation bill, I will simply state that since
the formation of the Bureau of Education tbis
has been the mode of providing the force which
is to be employed therein. It was, as is well
known, originally a Department, and was sub-
sequently changed to a bureau under the charge
of the Department of the Interior, and we have
made appropriations for it from year to year.
Last year our appropriation was $26,500 for
this bureau; the year before, $13,000. The
efforts of the present Commissioner were so
eminently successful in the opinion of Con-
gress at the last session that we increased the
appropriation ; but there is still a great want
of force in the bureau to meet the demands
which are constantly made upon it and which
are regularly increasing. The report which
has been published this year is very much
superior to the one which preceded it, and yet
there is room for improvement, and there is
need for it. To one who has not examined
the "subject at all, the amount of work which
the officers of this bureau are obliged to do,
the amount of inquiries they are obliged to
answer, would seem to be hardly credible; and
to do all this they must have force.
This amendment which I propose simply
suggests that the Commissioner should have
what every other commissioner has, a chief
clerk in addition to his present force, and a
statistician, among other things. With regard-
to the necessity for a statistician, I need only
say that the reecnt publication of the English
census, with its great array of social and edu-
cational statistics, and the speedily forthcom-
ing ninth census of the Unitod States, together
with matter of a similar character in other
countries, renders it necessary that these should
be examined, facts collected and collated from
them, and stated by a man who has been spe-
cially drilled for that work. It was thought,
therefore, by the Commissioner of Education
that a professional statistician was necessary
in the bureau. He has, therefore, asked for
that. The next thing he has asked for is for
some copyists. He asks for four copyists at
$900 each. The large amount of work which
has to be done in the bureau of that kind can-
not be done by its present force, and keep up
the work of the office.
All the other additions are just about a
thousand dollars. I have named the four
copyists, the statistician, and the chief clerk ;
and beside the expense of these employfis,
only about a thousand dollars is proposed to
be appropriated for contingencies, as for edu-
cational periodicals, other current publica-
tions, completing valuable sets of the same,
and fuel and lights. The whole thing foots up
about thirty-four thousand dollars for this
bureau. We appropriate five or six times
that for the Bureau of Agriculture. We added
yesterday to the appropriation made by the
House of Representatives for the Bureau of
Agriculture $10,000 for seeds alone.
The bill to which the Senator from. California
has referred, now before the Committee on
Education and Labor', is a bill of quite another
character. The Bureau of Education does.not
aim to provide education for the people, but it
aims to give statistics with regard to the con-
dition of American education of all kinds, and
it is a necessary branch of the Government
service. It furnishes that which no State
furnishes; it enables foreigners who come here
and want to find out all about our schools in
the United States, all about our educational
institutions in the United States, to have a
place where they can go and have their ques-
tions answered satisfactorily. It furnishes a
national place of deposit for reports of the
various State governments on this important
subject, and it collates, arranges, systematizes
the information which can be only obtained by
a bureau of this kind from the variety of sources
where it must be sought in the country. I
trust this amendment will be adopted.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. SAWYER. Yes, sir.
Mr. CARPENTER. I want to know under
what head of Federal jurisdiction or power this
Bureau of Education comes?
Mr. SAWYER. If the Senatorwill tell me
under what head of Federal jurisdiction or
power the Bureau of Agriculture conies I will
reply to him.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator has got
me on that. 1 do not know. I do not think
it comes under any. I think it is precisely
under the same head as this is. I want to
know of him, before he asks me to vote for
this, under what head of Federal jurisdiction
ho claims this power? Is it a pari of the war
power? Does it belong to the regulation of
commerce? Does it belong to the coining of
money ? _ Does it belong to any head or subject
over which the Constitution gives Congress
power to legislate?
Mr. SAWYER. To the Senator's inquiry
I will say this : I presume the wise men who
passed the law creating the Bureaus of Agri-
culture and Education considered that subject;
and I will refer him to the debates recorded
in the Globe at that time.
Mr. CARPENTER. Then all we have to
do to prove that Congress has power to do a
thing under the Constitution, is to do it one
year, and after that the constitutional power is
clear because it has been done !
Now, Mr. President, I want to say one word
here, because I think this is a matter of great
importance. I believe that the powers of this
Government are those, and only those, which
are specified in the Constitution, and by it ex-
pressly granted, and those which are neces-
sarily implied as a means for executing the
powers expressly granted ; and unless we can
put our finger upon the grant of the power in
the Constitution, the subject is not one over
which, as to which, for which we have any
authority whatever to legislate.
I do not want to sound any alarm to the
country or to the Senate, nor to make myself
particularly wretched on the subject; but it
does seem to me that we are insensibly—and
it is all the_ more dangerous from the fact that
it is insensibly—traveling toward a concentra-
tion of all power in the Federal Government.
We ought to stop and look around and see
what authority we have now for establishing
this Bureau of Education. We have a Bureau
of Agriculture. What more authority is there
for establishing either of these than there is
for establishing a bureau on boots and shoes,
a bureau on merchandise, on silk goods, or
any other pursuit or industry of the country ?
Congress has the power to regulate commerce,
but not to create commerce. The Government
cannot become a trader. That provision sup-
poses things in existence to be regulated,
things to which the legislation of Congress is
to apply, not that we are to create commerce.
This whole subject, and the whole subject in
relation to agriculture, is, in my judgment, an
encroachment, an invasion, a usurpation on
the part of this Government; and I never did,
knowingly, although I suppose I have repeat-
edly unknowingly, voted for bills which con-
tained appropriations for either of these bu-
reaus, and knowingly I never will.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not propose to reply
to the Senator's strictures in regard to the
■unconstitutional character of this bureau at
all. The drift of his argument goes not to
my amendment, but to the subject generally ;
and the proper course for that Senator would
be to move to strike out the provision which
has been inserted in the bill by the House of
Representatives; and if the Senator makes
that motion, of course the friends of the
Bureau of Education will do the best they can
to prevent its adoption. But as the provision
is in the bill making an appropriation for the
Bureau of Education, I desire that that pro-
vision should be as effective as it is possible to
make it within reasonable limits. Now, as a
matter of fact, we spend two hundred thousand
dollars or thereabouts for the Bureau of Agri
culture, which is to agriculture precisely what
this bureau is to education—a collection of
the statistics, giving information about a sys-
tem of agriculture in this country. I say when
we appropriate to that bureau $200,000, it
seems to me it is not an unreasonable demand
to ask less than $35,000 for this Bureau of
Education.
I trust, Mr. President, we may have this
increase without further discussion.
Mr. CARPENTER. If I understand the
argument of the Senator from South Carolina,
it is that if we are going to do an unconstitu-
tional thing we ought to do it handsomely and
effectually.
Mr. SAWYER. No.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I concur
in every word that has been said by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, and I thipk his wordsi
were well chosen and fitly spoken, and spoken
at a very fit time, too, I expressed my opinion
in regard to this attempt on the part of the
Federal Government to take the subject of
education into its hands more than a year ago
when an appropriation bill was up. I am op-
posed to it in toto; first, for the reason which
has been given, the want of constitutional
power; and,.in the .second place, because if
we had the constitutional powernt would not
be advisable to exercise it.
Why, sir, within my brief life I have seen
how these things are. The Department of
Agriculture, beginning as a simple bureau to
collect statistics, has grown and grown and
grown until now the appropriations are about
a quarter of a million a year. It will very
soon claim, indeed it has been claimed for it
already, that the Commissioner of Agriculture
shall become a Cabinet officer. That would
net be strange. I can recollect when the Post-
master General was not a Cabinet officer.
Now he has become a Cabinet officer. I can
recollect when the Attorney General was not
a Cabinet officer. Now he is at the head of a
great Department, called the Department of
Justice, and he is a Cabinet officer. The next
thing is to have the Commissioner of the De-
partment of Agriculture turned into a Cabinet
officer, and then to have a minister of public
