1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1457
instruction, as tliey have in France. This
little Bureau of Education is to grow up into
a department of the Government, the depart-
ment of public instruction, and we are to have
another Cabinet officer there. Already there
are petitions on our table praying for a depart-
ment of commerce, and that is to grow up into
a department of the Government, and another
Cabinet officer, the minister of commerce, as
he is called in Prance, and So on. Where is
it to end ?
There is not an industry, there is not avoca-
tion in the country that you cannot establish
a bureau for, and let it grow up into a Depart-
ment and have a Cabinet officer for its man-
agement and control, if you go on in this way.
Already the Cabinet is nearly twice what it
originally was, and I see no end to it. As
was well said, if you can have a Department
of Agriculture and a Department of Educa-
tion, you may have a department of com-
merce, a department of roads and highways,
a department of manufactures, and so on to
the end of the ehaptef ; not one single indus-
try or occupation in the country but the Fed-
eral Government must take charge of!
And now, sir, look at this subject of educa-
tion. The people of this country are taxed
for educational purposes by the States more
than any people ever were taxed for educa-
tion. There is no people now on the face of
the globe, there never has been a people on
the face of the globe so heavily taxed for pur-
poses of education as the people of the United
States are taxed by their State governments,
and that, too, in addition to the voluntary taxa-
tion of the people for the same purpose. No-
body complains of that, everybody is glad of
it, but do you not see that when the Federal
Government begins to tax for the same pur-
pose you have double taxation for that object,
taxation by the State governments and taxa-
tion by the Federal Government ?
Sir, I have had occasion several times to
remark in regard to my own State that she raises
$9,000,000 a year for purposes of public edu-
cation. Do we want the General Govern-
ment to tax us for that same purpose? Do we
not raise enough money by State taxation for
that object? Is there any necessity in the
world that there should be a great department
of public instruction here in the United States
like that which exists in France, at the head
of which is a minister called the minister of
public instruction?
But, sir, there are other reasons which are
far stronger even than these, and much stronger
than the mere matter of economy. It is not
advisable to put the whole education of this
country in the hands of one central power, I
do not care what it is. That is a great mis-
take in education which makes all education a
dead horizontal level. Nothing in the world
is worse for the human mind than any attempt
to bring everything in the shape of education
down to the same dead plane. No, sir, we
want nothing of the kind.
As to the mere collection of statistics and
the collection of volumes, all you have to do
is to go to your Congressional Library. Do
members know what is in that library V There
is not one single thing to be found in tbis
Bureau of Education that is worth having
which is not alre^jly in your Congressional
Library, not one publication. And as to the
diluted skim milk, so to speak, of the various
State reports which come here in the shape of
a report from the Commissioner of Education,
if I may judge by that which we had a year
ago, the less of that kind of literature we have
the better it will be for the mental condition
ot the country.
1 hope, sir, that the amendment will be dis-
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from South Carolina.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 92.
I do not know that I am in favor of this
amendment; but I should not like, by my
silence, to acquiesce in the positions taken
by the two distinguished Senators who have
spoken. I think there is some power in the
Constitution for having a Bureau of Agricul-
ture, and I think it is of the first importance
to this country that that bureau should exist,
and that its interests should be promoted.
Sir, the products of this country for the year
1869-70 were equal to our national debt—
$2,500,000,000; and the amount of land occu-
pied is only about twelve per cent, of the
whole area of this country. So we can see
what the interests of that department are to
be. The Constitution done provide ia its
very threshold:
""We, the people of the United States, in order to
form a more perfect union, establish justice, insure
domestic tranquillity, provide for the common de-
fense, promote the general wolfare, and secure the
blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do
ordain and establish this Constitution."
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to put a question to him ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CARPENTER. Does he claim that
that phraseology, that general introduction,
stating the objects which induced the people
to adopt the Constitution, is any grant of
power or any explanation of the powers that
are granted ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Not at all. That
is introductory to the Constitution; and what
is there introductory to the Constitution is in
the eighth section of the first article enacted
as a part of the Constitution, where it is pro-
vided that Congress shall have power " to lay
and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises,
to pay debts and provide for the common
defense and general welfare of the United
States." 1 understand that under that power
Congress would have the right to say—per-
haps not; that is a question which will be dis-
cussed—that all the children of this country
should be educated, or what proportion of
them should be farmers; but I do say that
under that provision it is not a violation of
our constitutional obligations to hold out facil-
ities and inducements for the people to enter
into agriculture, to give them information in
reference to education. It is this general
power to promote the general welfare without
interfering in any way with the States or with
the citizens that is included in the preamble
of the Constitution and in the eighth section
of the first article.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It says we may collect
taxes for that purpose.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It expressly
says that we may collect taxes for the purpose
of promoting the general welfare. Now this
country has immense tracts of lands* to sell.
Is it not promoting the general welfare to
encourage agriculture, to induce persons to go
and buy our lands, to show the adaptation of
those lands for the purposes for which they
may be required?
But this is no time to discuss so important a
question. At some future time, if it is neces-
sary, I shall be very willing to express my
views. 1 simply wish now to enter my dissent
to the doctrine presented here by the Senator
from Wisconsin aud the Senator from Ohio in
reference to the Agricultural Bureau.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to ask him a question similar to the one
which I propounded to him as to the preamble ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask the Senator from
New Jersey whether he understands that this
phraseology in the first clause of the eighth
section of the first article, "Congress shall
have power to lay and collect taxes, duties,
imposts, and excises, to pay the debts, and
provide for the common defense aud general
welfare of the United States," at all enlarges
or was intended at all to enlarge the jurisdic-
tion and authority of the United States as to
the subject to which their legislation should
extend ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I think that is
one of the subjects for which we are author-
ized to collect taxes-—what is for the general
welfare.
Mr. CARPENTER. If it iB so, that settles
the question; but it gains no support from this
phraseology which the Senator has read. If
he can point out what particular branch of the
Federal jurisdiction this belongs to, or what
power of Congress reaches the subject, then I
concede we may tax to exercise that power.
But I do not see what power Congress has
over agriculture any more than it has over
boot and shoemaking, or any other mechanism
or pursuit of life, and it certainly was not the
intention of those who framed the Constitution
to transfer to the Federal Government (for that
takes it away from the States) the control of
all the domestic industries of the land.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Not at all.
That is just exactly what I protested I did not
mean.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to make an inquiry?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Yes.
Mr. THURMAN. Did I understand him
as claiming—he will pardon me for the inter-
ruption for I was occupied at the moment—
that the clause relative to providing for the
common defense and general welfare was a
substantive grant of power in and of itself?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do not claim
it; the Constitution says so.
Mr. THURMAN. If that is the case, all
the rest of the Constitution is leather and
prunella.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The Constitu-
tion says m express terms that we may " lay
and collect taxes," &c., " to pay the debts and
provide for the common delence and general
welfare of the United Slates." I do not say
anything about it; the Constitution says so,
and I hold that providing for the obtaining of
information 111 reference to agriculture, and in
reference to education for the general benefit
and information of the country, is within that
provision of the general welfare. I would
ask the Senator under what specific provision
of the Constitution is it that we have a Con-
gressional Library ? It is only under that.
Mr. CARPENTER. It seems to me that
this matter is very plain on the Constitution
itself. We concur so far. The preamble is
as follows:
"We, the people of the United States, in order to
form a more perfect Union, establish justice, insure
domestic tranquillity, provide for the common de-
fense, promote the general welfare, and secure the
blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity,
do ordain and establish this Constitution for the
United States of America."
That is, in order to accomplish these gen-
eral purposes, including the general welfare
of the United States, we have ordained aud
established a Constitution which creates a
Government upon which we have conferred
certain specified, enumerated powers. When
you come to the article on taxation, Congress
is authorized "to lay aud collect taxes, duties,
imposts, and excises, to pay the debts and
provide for the common defense and general
welfare of the United States;" in other words,
Congress is authorized to collect taxes to exe-
cute the powers conferred upon the General
Government by the Constitution.
Why, Mr. President, there never was a Fed-
eral writer in this country, even the extremest
of that school, who maintained any such doc-
trine. Mr. Justice Story, in his Commenta-
ries, takes this up and devotes some thirty
pages to it, and he literally annihilates the
whole theory aud the whole doctrine that this
clause of the eighth section of the first article
is to be rpgarded as enlarging in any sense the
powers which the Constitution has in precise
and appropriate terms conferred upon Con-
gress and upon the Government.
