1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
235S
bound to report here ; but let the appointing
power reside where it ought to be, in the peo-
ple of the country. I append my amendment
to the Constitution:
Congress may by law vest the election of all offi-
cers of the United States whose duties require them
to reside in theseveral States, except judges and offi-
cers of the courts of the United States, in the people
of the several States, districts, and localities therein
not in a state of insurrection or rebellion, in which
they are, by law, required to perform their duties,
subject to the directions and regulations of the Pres-
ident of the United States and the heads of Depart-
ments, and to arrest, suspension or removal by the
President of the United States."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. STOUGHTON. Mr. Chairman, Irenew
the amendment. I have been in favor from
the first of some substantial reform in the civil
service of our Government; but I am compelled
to admit that the measure inaugurated does
not meet my expectations, nor, so far as I can
judge, the wishes or expectations of the coun-
try. So far from improving the public service,
it will, in my opinion, be productive of injury
and injustice. It will put the appointing power
in the hands of men who are unfit to control
it and know nothing of the wants of the differ-
ent sections of the country. The effect of the
system adopted will be to deprive competent
and deserving soldiers and men of solid merit
of any opportunity of appointments in the
Departments.
The only appointment I have been able to
procure since the civil service rules went into
operation was that of a soldier and a good
officer, but who was rejected by the board of
examiners because he could not at once solve
a mathematical puzzle. Since I have been a
member of this House over one half ot my
appointments have been soldiers, and if this
is the treatment they are to receive, I beg to be
excused from voting $50,000 to carry on the
infamy. The sharp rebel stands a better chance
than the honest Union soldier.
I can show that the very first man appointed
under the civil service reform was disloyal
during the war, and a swindler and sharper,
who forged a pass and rode upon it week
after week upon the Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road. This man could pass the examination;
he was sharp, he had a surface education ; but
you bring here a soldier who has spent per-
haps one, two, or throe years in the field, and
he has not the sharpness, he has not the sur-
face education, that will enable him to pass
this board, which judges a candidate not by
•what he is, but by what he appears to be.
But now we are told that this kind of exam-
ination is to be a panacea for all the evils of
the country. Sir, I repudiate it; it is all
wrong; it begins at the wrong place. The
representatives of the people in Congress can
recommend the men in their districts who are
honest, who are reliable, who are best quali-
fied to hold office, better than any foreign ex-
amining board. A fair trial in the practical
details of an office is better than any examina-
tion that can be made.
This system, if retained, will require a man
from Michigan, or from any other place in the
far West, to come on here upon an uncertainty,
at an expense of hundreds of dollars perhaps,
and to go before a board of examiners before
he can get an appointment. The result will
be that good men will not come here at all;
they will stay away, while the sharpers will
apply for the offices, and will get them. You
will get dishonesty instead of honesty; you will
get sharpers instead of true-hearted men, who
served their country in its hour of peril.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. POTTER. I recognizg the difficulties
which now surround any movement toward
civil service reform. I am very far from
believing that any of the methods as yet sug-
gested are going to prove as advantageous as
those gentlemen who have proposed them
believe. Nevertheless, I am heartily with my
42D CONG. 2D SESS.—No. 148.
friend from Vermont [Mr. Willard] in every
effort that may be made to take the patronage,
as it is called—I mean the absolute power of
appointing subordinates to office—out of the
hands of members of Congress, and, for that
matter, out of the hands of the Executive and
of everybody connected with the administra-
tion of the Government. The truth is that
the evils connected with this patronage arise
mainly from its magnitude. Every four years
we put in one great lot all this patronage and
appointing powers of this great Government
for the next four years, and then we divide
the country into two great parties, to struggle
and contend for their control.
The gentleman from Indiana on my right
[Mr. Coburn] has, as I thiuk, touched the
philosophy of this whole matter. For myself
I fully believe we never shall curs the abuses
this system of official patronage necessarily
results in until we localize in the hands of the
people the selection of the men who are to
administer the minor offices of the Govern-
ment. For myself, too, I shall welcome the
■day when postmasters, tax-collectors, and
other subordinate officials who can properly
be selected by the people, shall be chosen di-
rectly by the people of the respective locali-
ties where they are to discharge the duties
that devolve upon them. Then, and not till
then, the country will be relieved of the strug-
gle arising from aggregating together,.as now,
all the vast patronage and appointing power
of this Government. No matter how much
dispute may exist as to the person to be se-
lected as postmaster or collector at any par-
ticular point, such differences will be local, and
will neutralize each other, and will result in
no great national division.
But what is now the danger of the country
is that every four years we consolidate all the
future patronage of the Government into one
lot, and then the entire population of the coun-
try divide into two great parties, to struggle
for the control of that patronage for the ensu-
ing four years. The result of such a system
can be nothing but corruption-and abuse. _ To
the control of this patronage all other consider-
ations are sacrificed and all differences about
principles given up. While, therefore, I shall
favor every measure of civil service reform, in
the belief that nothing can be worse than the
present system, I am bound to_ say 1 do not
look for any great gain in that direction until
we can so far as possible localize the selection
by the people of the minor officers of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. STOITGHTON. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I renew it. 1 will not
take up any time in controverting the idea
suggested by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Coburn,] and supported by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Potter.] It may
be all well enough to change the Constitution
and localize the selection of many of our offi-
cers. I prefer, however, to consider this mat-
ter as it now is. We have the Constitution
as it is, aud we cannot alter it. When we find
so much opposition here to appropriating
$00,000 for the improvement of the civil ser-
vice, we may give up any idea of changing the
Constitution of the United States so as to take
away patronage from the members of the
House of Representatives. So it is upon every
occasion when there is any attempt to improve
our civil service.
There are thousands of officers that no
amendment of the Constitution can give the
selection of to the people of the United States.
The Secretary of the Treasury is held respons-
ible before the country for the appointment
of all the officers under him even down to the
tide-waiters, who stand at every harbor in the
country, and including the twenty-five hundred
employes who daily go in and out of the Treas-
ury Department in this city. You cannot take
from him bis responsibility in that regard
under the Constitution of the United States;
much less is it proper or decent, when attempt-
ing to do so, for us to hug here the priyilege
or the custom which insists that we shall make
appointments for him while throwing upon
him the responsibility for the manner in which
the appointing power is exercised.
By the Constitution of the United States the
Executive is held personally responsible for
the administration of the laws. The Congress
of the United States has nothing to do with
the execution of the laws it passes; the duty
of administering them is imposed upon the
President of the United States. With that
responsibility resting upon him he comes here,
under a law which we passed authorizing and
requiring him to enter upon the work of civil
service reform and to employ men to aid him
in the matter, and asks a simple appropriation
of money enough to pay tho expense of this
service which we have imposed upon him by
law; and lest this may possibly diminish in
some small degree the pestiferous power which
wo ourselves have arrogated to interfere in the
discharge of the functions of the Executive of
the United States, functions imposed upon him
by the Constitution, and protected by its in-
junctions from our interference, we are dis-
cussing whether we will appropriate this money
or not.
Sir, I think it ill becomes the Representa-
tives of the people to undertake not only the
discharge of their own proper functions, but
to insist that they have the right to discharge
those of the Executive. I hope we shall
appropriate the money to enable him to dis-
charge the duty we have imposed upon him.
I am for voting the money and holding him
responsible for the manner in which he exer-
cises the functions which the Constitution
imposes upon him.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Chairman, I should be
entirely willing to put this money at the dis-
position of the President of the United States
for the purpose indicated if I could feel any
sort of assurance that there is to be any real
civil service reform. But I happen to recol-
lect facts which lead me to believe that the
money if appropriated would not be used to
accomplish any good purpose. Turn to your
official Congressional Directory, and on page
115 you find that the assistant postmaster in
this city is one Lewis Porter. I believe he is
really the acting postmaster, through whose
hands the mail matter of all the gentlemen
connected with this Congress has to pass.
Personally I know nothing about him; I never
saw him. He occupies the position I have
stated, and is kept there by the President and
his subservient Postmaster General.
All I know about him is that in 1870, when
the Senate was considering the questiou of
the re-reconstruction of Georgia, and the effort
was made by Congress to constitute Governor
Bullock king of that State and invest the eor-
runt ring under his control with absolute
power, when the Bingham amendment was
sought to be voted down, the Judiciary Com-
mittee of the Senate, including Mr. Trum-
bull, Mr. Edmunds, Mr. Cokklixg, Mr. Car-
penter, and Mr. Tiiurman", presented their
report (and that report on the point to which
T allude was indorsed by the minority, con-
sisting of Mr. Stewart and Mr. Rice) showing
by the testimony of Hon. James Hughes and
Mr. Avery, a director of the Brunswick and
Albany railroad, and by Porter himself after
much equivocation, that this man Porter, who
now occupies the most responsible position in
the post office of this city, went to Judge
Hughes and others with the offer of $10,000
in bonds of the Brunswick and Albany rail
road to bribe Senator Carpenter to vote for
the bill which Governor Bullock and his
friends desired to have passed ; yet, although
this man was exposed and denounced by the
leading committee of the Senate—although the
very Senator whom he sought to have bribed
I joined in the report to the Senate exposing
{ his infamy—that man is still at the head of
