1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8249
Mr. SPRAGUE. Yes, sir,
Mr. CASSEELY. I ask unanimous con-
sent to take up my resolution now and put it
on its passage.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I object.
Mr. CASSERLY. It is in regard to a rail-
road 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, it cannot be considered at this time.
Mr. CAMERON. I was out when petitions
were called, and I should like leave to present
a petition. [" No objection."]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive it.
Mr. CAMERON presented the memorial of
John Mclvnight, deceased, praying indemnity
for spoliations committed by the French prior
to the year 1801; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. SUMNER. I present petitions from
the heirs of persons who originally suffered
from French spoliations, in which they ask
Congress to pass the bill now pending on that
subject. I move that they be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. At the same time I venture
to ask the Senator from Pennsylvania when he
proposes to call up the bill.
Mr. CAMERON. I have made so many
attempts that I am not now able to say when,
but I hope to get it up in time to pass it here.
I will make the motion immediately after we
have disposed of the question which the Sea-
ate has been kind enough to allow me to fix
for next Wednesday.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is not apt to
despair of anything he takes hold of——
Mr. SPRAGUE. I object to discussion.
military academy appropriations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (H. R.
No. 1661) making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Military Academy for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1873, is now before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole, pending
the unfinished business of yesterday, which is
the amnesty bill.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I ask that the sense of
the Senate be taken on the amendments of
the Committee on Appropriations as they are
reached
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that order will be made. The Chair
hears no objection.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations was to strike out line
thirty-six, as follows:
For clerk to adjutant, $1,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines eighty-
three and eighty-four to strike out the words
"magnetic and thermal," and to insert
"pneumatic and thermic;" so as to read:
Repairs and additions to pneumatic and thermic
apparatus, $150.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and eight, to reduce the appropriation for
the expenses of the Board of Visitors from
$5,(100 to $3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and forty-one, to reduce the appropriation
"for coal-house" from $10,000 to $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
following item at the end of the bill:
For a survey and estimate for a system of sewerage
and drainage, $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
frossed and the bill to be read a third time.
'be bill was read the third time, and passed.
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 204.
deficiency appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair ap-
pointed yesterday upon a conference commit-
tee upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R.No. 1654) making
appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1872,
and for former years, and for other purposes,
a Senator who is absent from the city, [Mr.
Frelinghuysex.] If there be no objection,
the Chair will appoint m his place the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Siiermax,] as the committee
desire to meet this afternoon.
political disabilities.
The Senate, as in Committee ofthe Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1050) for the removal of legal and political
disabilities imposed by the third section of the
fourteenth article of amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States, the pending
question being on the amendment of Mr.
Sumner, which was to strike out all after the
enacting clause, and substitute in lieu thereof
certain sections known as the supplementary
civil rights bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the order iu regard to the business
for to day; it is very brief, but a few lines,
from the Globe.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
'"Then it is that at three o'clock general debate
shall terminate and the vote shall be taken oil any
pending amendments according to their order, of
course under parliamentary provision, and that if
any other amendments are offered, the gentlemen
offering them or anybody else mayhuvelivo minutes
to support or oppose any amondment whieh may be
proposed, and that any questions arising in connec-
tion -with the progress of the bill and amendments
shall be subject to the same understanding of five
minutes, and that we terminate the bill.'*
The VICE PRESIDENi\ That was agreed
to unanimously by the Senate yesterday; and,
therefore, at three o'clock voting will com-
mence. The Senator from California [Mr.
Casserly] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CASSEKLY. I ask unanimous consent
to have my resolution of inquiry taken up.
Mr. STEWART. I shall have to object. I
believe we have all the information here that
is nGsdcd*
Mr. CASSERLY. Very good, sir. It is
simply a resolution calling for information as
to the condition of accounts 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent, except by laying the amnesty
bill on the table and then calling up the reso-
lution by a majority vote. The Senator can
make that motion.
Mr. ANTHONY. Does the Senator from
Nevada object to the resolution to obtain in-
formation on this subject?
Mr. STEWART. No; but we have got it
all.
Mr. CASSERLY. We have not got it all.
We have not got important elements of it.
Mr. STEWART. Allow the resolution to
be read. 1 think we have got it all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be read for information, after which the
Senator from California reserves his right.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution of Mr.
Casserly, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is, directed to transmit to the Senate a state-
ment of the following particulars in regard to cer-
tain railroad companies respectively, namely, the
Central Pacific and Western Pacific railroads, the
Union Pacific railroad, the Kansas Pacific, the Cen-
tral Branch Union Pacific, Sioux City and Pacific :
1. The whole amount of bonds of the United States
issued to each company, and .for what number of
miles, and of theinterestpaid thereon by the United
States. .
2. The credits allowed to each company on inter-
est account, and for what services rendered, together
with the arrears of interest unpaid, and the percent-
age of credits allowed to each company on the whole
amount of interest due by the company.
3. The total sum due to the United btates on ao-
count of principal and interest ot bonds.
4. The total amount of principal and interest ac-
cruing on such bonds at maturity, at the rate ot
payments thus far made on account of interest.
5. The amount of bonds or other obligations issued
by each company constituting a mortgage or lien on
its road and other property prior to the claim of the
United btates.
Mr. MORION. If that can be passed
without discussion I shall not object. Other-
wise, I shall call for the regular order.
Mr. STEWART. I shall object to it, be-
cause 1 think the information is here in re-
ports we already have.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada objects. The Senator from Cali-
fornia must move first to lay the amnesty bill
on the table, and then to take up the resolu-
tion in order to reach it.
Mr. CASSERLY. That is a course I am
very reluctant to take. The amnesty bill is per-
hapsone of more immediate importance than
this is. I regret that the Senator from Nevada
has seen fit to oppose it, especially on a ground
that I do not understand to exist. Rut that,
of course, is his right as aSenator. I suppose
there will be no objection to allowing me to
amend the resolution by substituting the fifth
section instead of the one in print. I ask
leave to propose an amendment to my resolu-
tion in place of its fifth section.
Mr. MOR TON. If this is to lead to discus-
sion, I call for the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
has not been taken up, being objected to, and
it can only be reached, as the Chair stated, by
moving to lay the amnesty bill on the table.
The Senate have unanimously resolved that the
amnesty bill shall be debated ^with the excep-
tion of five minutes for the Military Academy
bill) until three o'clock to-day. The Seuator
from California, however, can move to lay tha
amnesty bill on the table.
Mr. OONKLING. The honorable Senator
from California mprely wants to send up his
amendment so that his resolution may be modi-
fied accordingly when he calls it up again.
Nobody will object to that.
Mr. SUMNER. Why cannot that be done
by unanimous consent?
Mr. CASSERLY. I thought everything I
proposed was objected to.
Mr. STEWAliT. Not at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
Indiana has demanded the regular order. If
the Senator from California desires this pro-
posed modification to be printed, subject to
be called up hereafter, the Chair supposes
there will be no objection.
Mr. MORTON. If that is all that is desired
I do not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is not ob-
jected to ; but there is objection to calling the
resolution up until the order made yesterday is
disposed of.
Mr. CASSERLY. That I understand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Theresolution as
the Senator proposes to modify it will be
printed. The Senator from California is en-
titled to the floor on the amnesty bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. I commenced to address
the Senate on the pending motion shortly be-
fore the adjournment yesterday. I should have
concluded in a few minutes longer if the ad-
journment had not cut me off.
In what I have to say now I shall not discuss
the insuperable objections to the unconstitu-
tionality of many of the leading provisions of
the bill moved by the Senator from Massachu-
setts as an amendment to the disabilities bill
ofthe House, or, second, to its extreme im-
policy. I will state shortly, however, that I
know of no warrant in any part of the Consti-
tution, new or old, for the attempt which this
bill makes to assume to Congress the entire
police powers of the States upon subjects
which have always been regarded as solely
within the police jurisdiction of the States.
The objection that I propose to discuss is to
the admission of the motion of the Senator
from Massachusetts to substitute his bill by
way of amendment for the bill which came
from the House of Representatives.
