1458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I would ask the
Senator from Wisconsin under what power it
is that we pass patent laws and copyright laws ?
Mr. CARPENTER. Under a special pro-
vision of the Constitution, which, if the Sen-
ator will pardon me a moment, authorizes us
to do that very thing. That is one of the sub-
jects expressly confided to Congress.
, Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Under what pro-
vision of the Constitution are pensions allowed,
and under what clause are the poor m the Dis-
trict of Columbia provided for?
Mr. CARPENTER. So far as the poor
in the District of Columbia are concerned, it
arises from our exclusive power of jurisdic-
tion in this District, which is the same power
the States have to provide for their poor. So
far as the Congressional Library, so far as
these desks and chairs are concerned, they are
of course incidental to the session of Con-
gress, incidental to the proper performance
of its duties. We have as much right to buy
a library as we have to buy stationery to draw
bills upon. That is because the thing is inci-
dent to executing a power which is expressly
granted.
I have asked the Senator to show me to
what undoubted subject of Federal jurisdic-
tion this Agricultural Bureau is a necessary
incident. If he can do that, then he brings
it within the analogy of the Congressional
Library and a congressional chair and desk ;
but if he cannot do it he does not bring it
there. But to say that this preamble of the
Constitution or that this general phraseology
here covers the case, is to put himself in
opposition to every legal writer and every
judge who has spoken on the subject since
the Government was established.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator
a question ?
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask whether any legal
writer or judge has held or decided that the
power to raise money by the imposition of
taxes conferred by the eighth section of the
first article was limited under any of the spe-
cial heads that are mentioned in other parts
of the Constitution?
Mr. CARPENTER. I understand it to be
a conceded doctrine that Congress has no right
to raise money except to execute some one of
the powers conferred on the General Govern-
ment. I never heard the thing intimated
before.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Nobody disputes the prop-
osition, but that eighth section which provides
for raising money by taxation enumerates the
objects for which Congress may raise money ;
those objects are named in the section; and
one of those objects, a limitation upon the
right to collect money, is to collect it for the?
purpose of promoting the general welfare.
Therefore I submit to him he cannot find any
text writer or decision on the question of rais-
ing money—I am not speaking about inter-
fering with schools in the States, but of raising
money, and putting it into the Treasury—which
is a limitation upon it at all.
Mr. CARPENTER. I understand Mr.
Story's Commentaries to devote at least thirty
pages to controverting the precise proposition
which, the Senator from Vermont now main-
tains.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish you would send
for the book.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator can send
for it as easily as I can. It is not thirty days
since I examined it and considered it. This
phraseology in the eighth section adds nothing
whatever; it is only repeating in substance the
phraseology of the preamble. Congress may
levy taxes to promote the general welfare, but
that general welfare is all provided for; that
is, everything that we can do to promote the
general welfare is specially provided for in dis-
tinct clauses of the Constitution. An exactly
equivalent phrase put into this eighth section
would have been, "Congress shall have power
to collect taxes, &c., for the common defense
and for all other purposes authorized by this
Constitution." It adds nothing to it; it is
equivalent phraseology.
If you say that we may raise money to pro-
mote the general welfare, what was the object
of granting any other power to Congress? It
carries with it, of course, the power to expend
that money'as an incident to it. If this be a
substantive grant of power to raise money to
do anything and everything to promote the
general welfare, we of course are the judges
of what the general welfare requires; and an
incident to the power to raise money for the
purpose would certainly be to apply it to the
object, and that makes us the exclusive judges
and gives us the exclusive jurisdiction over
every subject touching domestic affairs, from
one end of this land to the other. Such a
theory is a complete subversion, it is a com-
plete winding up of the State governments.
Mr. President, I will never omit an oppor-
tunity in time—if I sometimes speak it out of
time I trust Senators will forgive me—to pro-
test against a doctrine or a tendency in prac-
tice to pass the just lines of separation between
Fedeial and State authority. The safety of
this countiy, the liberties of this people, and
all the destinies that attach to us as a nation,
depend, in my judgment, essentially and pri-
marily upon the strict observance of these
principles, a strict devotion to that line of
demarkation. Where we have power con-
ferred on us by the Constitution let us exer-
cise it fully, amply, and wisely, and let us tol-
erate no interference on the part of the States ;
but where the power is not conferred on us
(and if it is not it is reserved to the States)
let us take equal care not to transcend that
line ourselves and invade the province of the
State governments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is 011 the amendment of the Senator from
South Carolina.
Mr. SAWYER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I only wish to occupy
one or two moments of the time of thet Senate.
I hope this amendment will not be adopted.
I do not think it at this time for the true inter-
est of the Bureau of Education. I believe that
bureau to be a constitutional bureau, as well
as the Bureau of Agriculture ; but its being a
constitutional bureau is quite a different thing
from its having the power to direct what the
States shall do in respect to the education of
their people or the improvement of their lands.
That is quite another thing. None of the laws
providing for either of these bureaus attempts
to do any such thing; and 1 shall probably
assist, as far as I may, my friend from Wis-
consin in resisting an attempt to interfere in
any such way.
But here the question is whether we are
authorized to use part of the public money for
obtaining information and disseminating it
among the people who are willing to receive
it, not against their will, upon a topic of gen-
eral welfare. While 'I am opposed to this
amendment and shall vote against it, I cannot
let what my friend from Wisconsin has said
upon this subject of the power to raise money
go without a word of remark. If his principle
were true, I can point out to him in two days'
time more than a thousand acts of Congress,
from the foundation of the Government down
to this day, appropriating the public money
for private and other objects for which there
is no warrant in the Constitution at all. The
practice of the Government, I have 110 hesi-
tation in saying, from the beginning down to
this day, has been to hold tliat Congress had
just the same power over the appropriation
of public money for any purpose which in its
judgment should promote the general welfare
that a State has over the money in its treasury.
The power to levy and collect taxes given in
the eighth section of the first article is given
broadly, subject only to the purpose named in
that section of providing for the common de-
fense and promoting the general welfare ; but
when you have a right to spend the people's
money, it does not by any means follow that
you have a right to compel people to have it
spent in a particular way which shall interfere
with^ their rights ; that is another thing. We
have granted pensions to people not in the
Army, and after your armies were disbanded,
which does not fall under the power " to raise
and support armies," because your armies are
gone, and your soldiers are returned to civil
life, and an argument just as strong could be
made against the pension appropriation bills
providing for all people who are out of service
in the Army as can be made against this—I
mean upon the constitutional ground.
I have here what is quoted from Judge
Story 011 this very point, not 011 the point of
carrying out coercively the other enumerated
powers of the Constitution, but upon the point
of raising and expending money:
"Judge Story believed thatthetrue import of the
whole clause could be thus expressed: 'The Con-
gress shall have power to lay and collect taxes,
duties, imposts, and excises, in order to pay the
debts and to provide for the common defense and
general welfare of the United States.' (Story's Con-
stitution, section nine hundred and eight.) Thus
limiting the power of the Government to tax for
providing tor the common defense and general wel-
fare. (Id. and sections nine hundred and eleven and
nine hundred and thirteen.) The laying taxes is
the power and the general welfare the purpose for
which the power is to be exercised. Congress are
not to lay taxes ad libitum for any purpose they
please, but only to pay tho debts or provide for the
general welfare of the Union. In like manner they
are not to do anything they please to provide for
tho general welfare, but only to lay taxes for that
purpose."
That, is exactly the distinction that the Sen-
ator from New Jersey made before. We do
not undertake to coerce the States about agri-
culture, or to direct, what State agricultural
societies or State Legislatures or private citi-
zens shall do or shall not do ; but in order to
uphold the duty of the Government to look
out for the general welfare of this people as a
nation, so far as it respects appropriating
money to promote it, we may gather and dis-
seminate information for agriculture and for
education and for all those common purposes
which, in the minds of the representatives of
the people and of the States, fairly fall within
the appropriate expenditure of public money
for the common good. That is the distinction,
as it appears to me; but I think that this
amendment ought not to be passed at this time
for the interest of the bureau itself.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to correct a remark
made by the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, that this is a reorganization
of the Bureau of Education. It is simply
adding two persons to the force. That is the
entire strength of the amendment. It adds
two persons to the force, a statistician and a
chief clerk, besides four female copyists.
There is no reorganization about it; there is
no new grant of powers; there is no purpose
to interfere with the educational institutions
of the States. If it is revolutionary or uncon-
stitutional, it is because the bureau has been
from the beginning revolutionary and uncon-
stitutional.
Mr. COLE. It adds $8,300 to the expense.
Mr. SAWYER. It adas $8,300 to the ap-
propriation. As I said before, in view of the
large appropriations made to the Agricultural
Bureau, I think it is but reasonable to ask this
small increase here.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Brownlow,
Caldwell, Cameron, Corbett, Flanagan, Hamlin,
Morrill of Maine.Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Pool, Rice, Sawyer, and Seott—17.
thwaite, Hamilton of Texas, Hitchcock, Johnston,
Kelly, Norwood, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sherman,
