4146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
do not object to the motion of ray honorable
friend, but I simply give this notice.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope the course sug-
gested by the Senator from Michigan will not
be agreed to. The effect of it is simply to
defeat this bill, and leave on the statute-book
a body of the most onerous and oppressive
laws that ever were passed in the world upon
the steamboat interest of this country.
Mr. BLAIR. I desire to say 
Mr. COLB. I must insist on the regular
order if there is to be debate on this matter.
Mr, BLAIR. I wish to say the Senator
from Ohio has anticipated me in saying I hope
the Senate will not non-eoncur, but that we
shall have a vote of the Senate on this report;
and if the Senator from New York has any
objections to the report, instead of making a
general objection and occupying half an hour
in making it, as he did yesterday, 1 hope he
will slate specifically what his objections are,
anil let this matter be discussed in the Senate
and let the Senate decide upon the measure.
I am perfectly willing, at any time the Senate
may accord us the opportunity, to meet and
answer the objections that he may make to
this report.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President  
Mr. COLB. I must insist on the regular
order.
Mr. CONKLING. I want to say one word
in answer to the Senator from Missouri. He
is quite mistaken in supposing that I occupied
half an hour yesterday on this matter. On the
contrary, the suggestion was made, when the
bill was taken up, that only fifteen minutes of
. the morning hour remained, and therefore I
eould not have occupied half an hour ; but as
the Senator with a good deal of emphasis points
his finger at me, I beg to assure him that when
this bill, as he has made it in conference com-
mittee, is taken up, I will point most speeific-
. ally my objections, and I will show that in
addition to removing such obstructions as the
Senator from Ohio speaks of, the committee
has taken occasion 
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. President 
Mr. CONKLING. I believe I have the
Boor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from New York yield to the Senator from
Missouri?
Mi'. CONKLING. No, sir; not until I com-
plete my sentence, which is that I will take
occasion to show to the Senate that in addi-
tion to removing all these objectionable things,
they have introduced into the bill matter which
I doubt very much whether the Senator from
Missouri will be bold enough to attempt to
advocate upon this floor.
Mr. BLAIR. Now, the Senator from New
York has occupied fifteen minutes yesterday
and considerable time to-dayln making threats
about what he will do. I ask him to go on and
do the thing that lie threatens to do.
Mr. CONKLING. Iam entiiely ready to
go on at any time when it is the pleasure of
the Senate.
Mr. COLE. This question is leading to de-
bate and no practical result.
Mr. BLAIR. I do not think the Senator is
ready to do it. He prefers to flourish his
threats rather than make them good.
Ibe VICE PRESIDENT. fhe Senator
from California is entitled to the floor, hav-
ing charge of the remaining public business,
the appropriation bills.
^r:,'COLE. I ask that the regular order
be laid aside informally that we may dispose
of the resolution of adjournment.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The sundry
civil expenses appropriation bill being before
the Senate, the Senator from California asks
that it be laid aside informally for the purpose
of continuing the consideration of the resolu-
tion m regard to the final adjournment of this
session. Is there objection?
_ Mr. SCOTT. What has become of the sub-
ject of the steamboat bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That has passed
away.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask consent of the Senator
from California to make one statement which
has not been made on that subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania asks unanimous consent to
make a statement. Is there objection ? The
Chair hears none.
Mr. SCOTT. This subject of taking up the
steamboat bill has been treated in the light
of affecting only passenger steamboats. Now,
sir, I have in my hand a law passed in Decem-
ber last for the purpose of relieving the coal
trade of the Ohio and Mississippi rivers from
the effect of the bill passed last year, and that
law expires on the 20th of June. Unless we
get action upon this conference report it is an
effectual blockade upon the whole commerce
of the Mississippi and Ohio rivers, and, with-
out regard to the manner in which that bill
does effect passenger steamboats only, I hope
we shall have action.
Mr. COLB. I demand the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California demands the regular order,
and that is an objection to any further debate
on the steamboat bill.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, I hope
the Senator will withdraw that for a moment.
["No!" "No!"]
Mr. POMEROY. I object to its being
withdrawn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The appropri-
ation bill is before the Senate, the question
being on its indefinite postponement on the
motion of the Senator from Massachusetts, on
which theyeas and nays have been ordered. The
Senator from California asks that it be passed
over informally for the purpose of considering
the consideration of the resolution of adjourn-
ment, which was pending during the morn-
ing hour. Is there objection to that propo-
sition?
Mr. THURMAN. Can that be done?
Will anybody have the right to call for the
regular order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can. Any
one can call for the regular order.
Mr. THURMAN. Any Senator?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Any Senator
can.
BED OF BEAVER LAKE.
Mr. MORTON. I was appointed on the
second committee of conference in regard to
the bill (S. No. 610) to release to the State
of Indiana the lands known as the bed of
Beaver lake, in Newton county, in said State.
I ask to be excused, and that my colleague
be appointed in my stead, he having paid
much attention to the subject, and I have not.
There being no objection, Mr. Morton was
excused, and Mr. Pkatt appointed in his
place.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the resolution relative to adjourn-
ment is now before the Senate, subject to a
demand for the regular order, which is the
appropriation bill: and the pending question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Minnesota [Mr. Winoom] to the substi-
tute offered by the Senator from Delaware,
[Mr. Bayahd,J to strike out Tuesday, at five
o'clock, and insert Monday, the 10th of June,
at noon.
Mr. 1RUMBULL. Mr. President, unfor-
tunately the great Author of us all did not
endow me with that perfect wisdom that I
always know in advance, like some other per-
sons, what is right and what is best. I can
only act according to the best judgment that I
have, and must leave it to those mortals en-
dowed with greater capacity who never make
mistakes, like my good friend from Vermont,
always to do that which is right and perfect.
It is possible that I may have done things which
I ought not to have done; but I hope I have
wisdom enough, when I learn that, to leave
the error and strive to correct it for the future.
Mr. President, while admitting my imper-
fections, and not setting up such a standard as
others endowed with greater wisdom may set
up for themselves, I undertake to say that in
reference to those great principles of liberty,
of equality, of human rights, of civil rights,
for which I have struggled during my whole
public service, I hope I have done nothing
and I expect to do nothing to depart from
those principles which have hitherto governed
me ; and the Senator from Vermont will hunt
in vain for any speeches of mine to which he
refers, either fifteen years ago, or ten years
ago, or two years ago, departing from these
principles.
Sir, the great fundamental principles of the
Republican party, its love for economy, for
equality, for freedom, I stand by, and if
having come into this Senate opposed to
abuses I oppose them now, and if the Sen-
ator from Vermont finds that he and I are not
acting together in sustaining measures which
lead to plunder, I hope he will not suppose
that I necessarily have departed from the faith
with which I set out. It is possible that some
others may have gone astray. It is possible
that a party long in power has forgotten some
of the sterner principles and virtues by which
it was actuated when it first obtained power.
But, Mr. President, it is not my purpose to
take up time now in reviewing the acts of my
public life. Although the Senator from Ver-
mont has chosen to say that I have been upon
all sides of all questions, I think he will find
it difficult to show that by any acts of mine ;
and I should not have risen at all to reply to
the Senator from Vermont except to say that
whenever the time comes, if it does, that he
shall undertake to show what he has said here
to-day, that my course is a departure from the
principles of my whole public life, I shall be
ready to meet him upon that occasion, and to
show, as I think I can, that I am as true to
the great principles underlying the Republican
party as he himself. It is a party of liberality,
and I am opposed to illiberality; it is a party
of justice, and I am opposed to injustice; it
is a party of freedom, and I am opposed to
tyranny, whether it be the tyranny of party or
the tyranny of a slaveholder upon his slave.
I would emancipate the minds of the people
of this country from party intolerance as
readily as I would emancipate the body of the
slave from the physical domination of his
master.
I hope, Mr. President, that on this adjourn-
ment question we may have,as I said, no feel-
ing about it, and that we shall either agree to
the extension already proposed by the House,
or name some other day and send the resolu-
tion back to the House.
lhe VICfa PRESIDENT. The Senate
resolution pending proposes to rescind the
resolution for adjournment, with the concur-
rence of the House, to which the Senator from
Delaware moves a substitute to strike it out
and insert the time fixed by the House of Rep-
resentatives in the resolution lying on the
table, naming Tuesday at five o'clock as the
time of adjournment. The Senator from Min-
nesota moves to amend the substitute by in-
serting, in lieu of Tuesday at five o'clock, Mon-
day, the 10th day of June, at noon. The
question is on the amendment to the amend-
ment.
I he question being put cn the amendment
to the amendment, there were, on a division—
ayes 21, noes 25.
Mr WINDOM. I thiok I shall have to
call tor the yeas and nays.
f^e 7eas anc* nay® were ordered.
Mr. WINDOM. My object in moving this
amendment is to avoid an extra session of
Congress. I am perfectly satisfied that if we
pass a resolution to adjourn oil Tuesday we
shall not complete business, and we shall
spend as much time on Monday in discussing
