2354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
one of the most responsible post offices in
this ^ Government, and through his hands all
the communications to and from members of
this House and all the Departments of the
Government must pass.
When I look at that case and other cases
of the same character which have been brought
under our observation, I cannot believe that
there is any intent to remove any official, how-
ever great a criminal he may be, if for party
reasons it be thought desirable to retain him.
Perhaps it is best to make the experiment and
give the managers of the party no excuse,
though I confess it looks like adding that
much to the corruption fund in the hands of
the President and his fuglemen.
If any of you will turn to the report of the
Senate to which I have referred, No. 175,
second session Forty-First Congress, you can
see for yourselves what is said by the honor-
able committee of the Senate, what is testified
to by Mr. Hughes, what this man Porter tes-
tifies to, and what Mr. Avery swears to in re-
gard to this man, who is to-day, as I said, occu-
pying in the city of Washington the high posi-
of deputy postmaster of the metropolis of the
country; you will see what little reason you
have to hope for any civil service reform from
the President of the Onited States, or any other
one of the party now in power, while such fel-
lows are retained in such places, with full
knowledge of their character as exposed in the
report to which I have called attention.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. McCRARY. I renew it.
Mr. Chairman, I wish to say that I am in
favor of the appropriation made in this bill
by the amendment of the Senate, and for this
reason : if this Congress should adjourn and
fail to make an appropriation as here proposed
it would be considered as an abandonment of
all effort to reform the civil service. I believe
the experiments which are being tried will fail;
but I' am glad these experiments are being
made. I believe the legislation of last year
was unwise in many respects and that it would
be entirely ineffectual in securing permanent
reform in the civil service; but I am glad that
legislation was adopted, because it has pre-
sented the question before the House and be-
fore the country. It has caused an agitation
of that question which C trust will result in the
end in the adoption of such measures as will
secure permanent radical reform in the civil
service.
_ I believe, sir, if these experiments are con-
tinued they will demonstrate the truth of what
has been said by several gentlemen on this
floor in the course of this debate, that there is
rio possible reform which shall be complete
and permanent short of an amendment of the
Constitution of the United States. I trust,
sir, before this House adjourns, before this
session of Congress closes, this House will be
brought to a vote on a proposition to amend
the Constitution of the United States, not only
for the purpose of securing to the people them-
selves the right to elect local Federal officials
in all cases where that is practicable, but also
in such manner as to secure to every official a
permanency of tenure for a reasonable period
of time during which he shall not be removed
without cause.
I am satisfied, sir, that if such an amend-
ment should be proposed by Congress to the
Legislatures of _ the States, before twelve
months a sufficient number of Legislatures
would ratify it to make it part of the Consti-
tution of the United States. I hope, there-
fore, the motion to non-concur in the amend-
ment of the Senate will not be adopted, be-
cause I wish to see these efforts continued.
There may be room for reform. There is un-
questionably room for reform aside from
amendment to the Constitution. Let these
efforts go on. Let the President continue in I
his effort to reform the civil service. Let the j
subject be kept before the House and country, l
until it will result in the end, as I believe, in
the adoption of an amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States which will secure
to us such reform in the civil service as will be
permanent, as will be valuable, and put an end
to these great evils which have so long afflicted
the country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Chairman, I think it is
well for the House to look for a moment at the
manner in which this legislation was inaugu-
rated. In the last Congress a bill was introduced
in this House by a gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, Mr. Armstrong. There was no action taken
on it. There was no report made on the sub-
ject by any committee. When the appropri-
ation bill went to the Senate, Senator Trum-
bull had incorporated into it at the last mo-
ment in the Senate the section which was read
by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. May-
nard,] being substantially that bill, and this
was the beginning of the legislation toward
what is called civil service reform. When the
bill came back to the House there was no
dicussion in the House on this new section in
reference to civil service reform, and nobody
knew that it was in the bill. My recollection
is that there was no debate at all on the sub-
ject even in the Senate ; certainly none in the
House.
The bill came over to the House and the
House non-concurred in that amendment, as
it non-concurred in every amendment in the
bill in a lump and pro forma, because it was
the last night of the session and there was no
time to consider amendments. Attention was
called to none of the amendments. AH were
sent together to the conference committee.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to make a single remark?
Mr. SARGENT. I have only five minutes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations
asked the House not to make a point on that
amendment, lest he should lose his bill.
Mr. SARGENT. Yes, on the conference
report being made. It went to a committee
of conference, as I said, and when it came
back from the committee it was so late that
there was no time for debate or hesitation.
There was scarcely time for engrossing the
bill. I do not suppose there were five mem-
bers of the House who knew that that pro-
vision was in it. I find no fault, however, with
action having been taken on the bill in that
manner. It was the only way to save a bill
necessary to carry on the Government, and I
suppose every provision of the bill was vital-
ized by our passing it as much as if we had
deliberated upon it. But what was the legal
effect of our action?
We voted money for the salaries of these
men, who sat down to mark out a set of rules
for the accomplishment of civil service reform.
I agree with the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfield,] that a more crude, idle, and im-
practical setof rules couldnotbe devised. Yet
to carry out such rules he contends for this
appropriation. And what is the machinery
proposed to carry them out? You are to have
these boards of examination all over the coun-
try. Will this sum of $50,000 pay for this ex-
pensive machinery? Why, $50,000 is a mere
drop in the bucket. To keep up these boards
of examination iu every State of the Union, all
over the States, you will have to appropriate,
not $50,000, but a million or two of dollars
per year. You create myriads of new office-
holders to be paid to make examinations. You
either make your boards of competitive exam-
ination too remote from applicants to give an
equal cnance, or you multiply them beyond
any economical limit. And who shall examine
your examiners? What testhave you of their
capacity or honesty?
There is no estimate here for this $50,000.
He have no official information that the Pres-
ident or any Department of the Government I
desires that this $50,000 should be appro-
priated. It is contrary to the whole practice
of the House to insert this sum or any sum on
the pretense that it will carry out the law,
when there is no estimate for the purpose.
Why is it not $25,000 or $250,000? No one
can tell. No one can inform us what a mem-
ber of a board is to have for his services, how
many boards there shall be, when and where
they shall sit, or any of the necessary details
for intelligent legislation. I deny the prem-
ises on which this crude scheme is based—
that the civil service reeks with corruption.
A pure President makes a pure administra-
tion; a corrupt one would not be controlled
by your cobweb theories. The whisky ring
in the revenue offices under Andrew Johnson
stole millions on millions. True civil service
reform under Grant turned out these corrup-
tionists, and the result was the payment of
$300,000,000 of the debt, with reduced taxa-
tion. But admitting the premises, I deny the
conclusion that we are voting for reform in
expending money to enforce the scheme pro-
Whatare the rules the enforcementof which
is to constitute this civil service reform?
In the five minutes allotted me I can only
advert to one or two features of them. They
exclude, in the first place, every poor man's
son who cannot get more than a common-
school education. Then they exclude the
large class of self-educated men, who are not
likely to be familiar with Greek roots and
astronomy. They exclude practical men.
Scores of such men I see around me, who
have fought their way from poverty and ad-
versity to seats in this House, and seats in the
other House of Congress, and other positions
of influence, through the force of that educa-
tion which comes from grappling earnestly
with the problems of life in the struggle to rise
above difficult circumstances.
This whole class is excluded by these reg-
ulations in favor of men fresh from college,
who have been pampered in their youth, and
whose intellects, never tried by struggling with
adverse circumstances, have been refined to a
slender point in the course of their collegiate
instruction. I do not despise collegiate edu-
cation, but I would not give it a monopoly
of office.
I object to any civil service rules the effect
of which will be to exclude the great mass of
the people of the United States of the middle
and poorer classes from these positions. Any
one who will look at the regulations will see
that it is scholastic education, the education
which is given only in the higher seminaries
of learning, that is aimed at by the scholar who
prescribed these rules.
I hazard nothing in saying that the Govern-
ment will be poorer served by the product of
that education than by the ruder texture but
better metal evolved by self-reliance and self-
education.
Again, sir, the offices are now filed, if these
gentlemen are to be believed, under a false
and corrupt system, and with corrupt men.
Yet these rules are so contrived that the pres-
ent incumbents are all to be kept in office,
and if a vacancy occurs by death or resigna-
tion it is to be filled out of the "group" or
ring, or circle, now in office. There is no ex-
amination allowed for those in office, either
as to their ability or morals? In the purer
race for office to be inaugurated, let us, for
God's sake, have a fair start. What divinity
should hedge iu the " in's." AH the fruits of
a vicious systetq. are to be kept and perpet-
uated until a new generation arises.
But it is made a crime to be a humble and
zeaious worker for the party, to distribute
tickets on election day, or attend primary
meetings. They are the politicians, says the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Willard,]
our party must free itself from. In our lordly
station we look down on the lower rungs of
the political ladder, and stigmatize them as
ward politicians and ignoble tools 1 Your
