1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1459
Stevenson, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, Vickers,
and West—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Bayard, Blair,
Buckingham, Casserly, Chandler Cragin, Davis of
Kentucky, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Hamilton
of Maryland, Harlan, Hill, Howe, Kellogg, Lewis,
Jiogan, Morton, Patterson, Pratt, Ramsey, Schurz,
lencer, Spraguc, Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull,
ilson, Windom, and Wright—29.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. There is an
nendment which I wish to have made on
page 48, line eleven hundred and seventy-
eight. It is an amendment which is necessary
in order to the publication of the agricultural
report. It has been submitted to members
of the committee, and they are not unfavor-
able to it. After the word " dollars," in line
eleven hundred and seventy-eight, I move
to insert "for editing agricultural reports,
$500,"
Mr. COLE. That amendment is proposed
by the Committee on Agriculture, I under-
iStand?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLE. It is deemed by them to be
necessary. It is, I think, however, adding an
unnecessary expense. I do not on the part
of the Committee on Appropriations acquiesce
in it; I am willing to submit to a vote of the
Senate upon it.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New Jersey.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I wish to ex-
plain that I spoke to members of the com-
mittee and to the chairman of the committee,
and had, as I understood, his acquiescence to
this amendment, or I certainly should not
liave so stated to the Senate.
Mr. COLE. Excuse me. I stated to the
chairman of the Committee on Agriculture
that I would not raise any point of order upon
it, but had no authority upon my own part to
accept it as an amendment adopted by the
Committee on Appropriations, because the
committee had not had an opportunity to
consider it, und I could not do that.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. This little pro-
vision of $500 seems to be necessary to the
editing of that report, which is the most
acceptable and useful publication that is made
by Congress, and I trust it will be acquiesced
in. The Senator from Vermont, and, as I
understood, the Senator from California,
acquiesced in it.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. The amount
proposed to be appropriated by this amend-
ment is very small, only $500, and if we want
this report at all it is absolutely necessary, as
I understand, that this proposition should be
adopted. 1 hope, therefore that the amend-
ment will be agreed to by the Senate.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to ask the
Senator from New Jersey what ground there
is for this that did not exist in regard to the
other proposition which we have just voted
down ?
_ Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do not think
it worth while to discuss that constitutional
question on an amendment appropriating $500.
It is worth more than that to discuss it.
Mr. COLE. I suggest, to save time, that
instead of calling the yeas and nays, we have
a division.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas
and nays have been ordered unless the call is
withdrawn.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I withdraw the
call.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 22, noes 11; no quorum voting.
Mr. HITCHCOCK called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being taken
resulted—yeas 25, nays 12; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Boreman, Brown-
low, Caldwell, Cameron, Clayton, Conklmg,Corbett,
Davis of West Virginia-, Ferry of Michigan, Flana-
gan, Frelinghuysen, Hill, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
of Vermont, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Bice,
Scott, Spencer, Tipton, and West—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Carpenter, Cole, Gilbert, Gold-
thwaite, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Hitchcock,
Robertson, Sherman, Stevenson, Thurman, and
Vickers—12.
_ ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Blair, Buck-
ingham, Casserly, Chandler, Cooper, Cragin, Davis
°f Kentucky, Edmunds, Fen ton, Ferry of Connecti-
cut, Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan, Howe, John-
ston, Kellogg, Kelly, Lewis, Logan, Morton, Nor-
wood, Patterson, Pratt, Barasey, Saulsbury, Sawyer,
Schurz, Sprague, Stewart. Stockton, Sumner, Trum-
bull, Wilson, Windom, and Wright—36.
- So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. There is an
amendment which I desire to offer to the
amendment reported by the Committee on
Appropriations appropriating $50,000 to the
civil service commission. As the law now
stands, no person holding any office can re-
ceive any other compensation for service than
the salary of that office. On this civil service
commission are three persons who are engaged
in the Departments, two in the Department
of the Interior and one in the Treasury. To
remedy that difficulty, 1 propose this amend-
ment :
That the President is authorized to make suitablo
compensation to such members of the civil service
commission as are otherwise in the servicc of the
United States.
Mr. HAMLIN, That is civil service reform,
16 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. 1 suppose,
strictly, we might be told that we should in-
troduce a separate bill to authorize the Presi-
dent to make this compensation, but as we
are in this appropriation bill appropriating
$50,000 for this very purpose, the whole ob-
ject of this provision is to relieve the Presi-
dent from the disability created by the statute
to pay these three persons who are in the ser-
vice. They work three or four hours a day
more than their official duty requires, and I
do not think the Government expects them to
do that without further compensation. The
only objection that there can be to this amend-
ment is that it is not in the proper place.
Mr. COLE. There is another objection to
it, if I may be allowed to state it; that there
has been no notice of it, and it has not been
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That is so;
but I supposed that an amendment to an
amendment did not require notice. I do not
see how we could be required to give notice
of an amendment to an amendment which is
introduced a few hours before we want to
amend it.
Mr. COLE. I beg pardon of the Senator.
Notice was given of the amendment in regard
to the civil service commission, and it was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and it was before the committee for several
days. That amendment has been adopted
and acted upon, and it is not now competent
to go back and amend it further.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I submit the
question to the decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
sustains the point of order made by the Sena-
tor from California.
Mr. CARPENTER. I desire to say to my
friend from New Jersey that if I live until this
bill reaches the Senate from the Committee
of the Whole I shall move to strike out that
provision altogether, and that will bring the
subject again to the consideration of the
Senate.
If the Senate will pardon me a word, how-
ever, I think the amendment now offered by
the Senator from New Jersey is a little the
fattest illustration of the value of civil service
reform, as it is being carried out, that we have
seen since the subject came into vogue. Here
are three clerks in the employ of the Govern-
ment receiving to-day the salary which the law
regards sufficient for their services. They are
on this commission, and the very first effort
they make here is to have their salaries^ in-
creased two or three thousand dollars apiece
a year. At that rate, with $50,000 to be
appropriated, to be applied just as the Presi-
dent sees fit to apply it, the precedents being
set by the amendment and by this appropri-
ation in the^ bill will, I think, tend to make
the people of the United States exceedingly in
love with civil service reform.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Myfriend from
Wisconsin seems to introduce important sub-
jects and hang them on a very small hook.
We had a little amendment up here in refer-
ence to the educational department and he
precipitated a discussion on the great consti-
tutional question of the powers of the Federal
Government. Now, I propose to do what
meets with his approval as a gentleman of
honor, and he holds that that depreciates and
detracts from civil service reform. It is not
to increase the salary of any cierk ; but when
these officials in the Departments give three
or four hours, as I am told, over and above
the hours in which they are called upon offi-
cially to work and perform all their duties in
the Department, I say it is contrary to——
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to ask him a question of fact? During the
time when this commission was sitting on civil
service reform were these men also perform-
ing their full duties as clerks in the Depart-
ments ? Were they not detailed or transferred
or permitted to go to this service ? Did they
do double duty, in other words?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That is just the
statement I was making, that they did do
double duty, and that therefore, if the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin understood the facts, the
amendment would commend itself to his good
judgment. This Government is not so poor,
and the people of the United States are not so
mean, that they want these officials to do over-
work for two or three hours a day, as I am
informed by members of the commission they
have done—I know nothing about the facts
myself—and uot give them compensation. But
the amendment, I understand, is out of order,
and therefore I do not further press it.
Mr. SAWYER. I am requested by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, not now in his seat,
[Mr. Somneb,] to offer an amendment of
which notice was given by hira some days
since. It is to insert at the end of the para-
graph making appropriations for the Bureau
of Education the following :
To enable the Commissioner of Education to pro-
pare an account of the common schools of the United
States, and their operation, in answer to the appli-
cation of the Japanese Government, $5,000.
I only wish to say a word in behalf of this
amendment. I wish the Senator from Massa-
chusetts were in his place to do so. The Gov-
ernment of Japan has made application to the
Government of the United States for just the
thing suggested in this amendment, and the
Commissioner of Education has no means at
his command by which he can do it. It is a
question for the Senate to decide, whether they
will put into this bill an appropriation which
will enable that officer to do what the Japan-
ese Government have asked us to have done
for them ; that is, to make a complete account
of the common-schoolsystem prevailing in the
United States. I had hoped that this amend-
ment would pass without any objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was going to propose
to send copies of the reports of the Commis-
sioner of Education to the Japanese Govern-
ment. I think they contain all the informa-
tion required. He gave us a digest which was
said to contain a statement of all the laws of
the United States oh the subject of public
schools. I should be perfectly willing to vote
a handsomely bound copy of that report and
present it in due form to the Japanese Gov-
ernment.
Mr. COLE. I think they can get the in-
formation they desire from the reports already
published by this department. The youth of
that country are here becoming educated in
o«r
and I observe the most of them
