1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
563
asks for a reply I will say to him that the
proposition enforced and carried out, so far as
the relief committte of Chicago was con-
cerned, of keeping the price that was fixed
on lumber before the fire, has compelled the
dealers of Chicago, against their intention, to
sell lumber at the old price. I will say fur-
ther, that the position taken by a concern from
Michigan—what the concern is I will not state,
because the gentleman has been so kind as to
allude to the fact—held the price of lumber
there. The statement made by the Senator
is not correct, that the price went up four dol-
lars. The intention was to raise it four or five
dollars, but the proposition from Michigan
prevented it from going to that height. It
having been sold at the old price, it is now
proposed to reduce it two dollars or two and
a half, the amount of the duty, because that
affects the price.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not wish to discuss the
amount of reduction that this bill will make in
the price or whether it will reduce it at all or
not; I only want a vote on the bill; I want it
decided. I want its friends to vote for it and
its enemies to vote against it. There is no
use in gentlemen talking on one side and
voting on the other; knifing the bill indirectly
and pretending to be for it. They may think
this is rather offensive to them, but I mean
what I say about il. If gentlemen want to
defeat the bill, let them defeat it by their
votes, and not in any other way.
Now, why is it that we object to amend-
ments to this bill ? I stated the reason
awhile ago. It is because the amendments
will cause it to go back to the House of Rep-
resentatives and there bring up a discussion
that may affect the bill. 1 do not say it will
cause the defeat of the bill; I hope not; but
it may do so. If the Senator from Michigan,
for whom I have the highest respect, and the
Senator from Wisconsin, for whom I have
equal respect, desire to introduce bills in favor
of their constituents residing in any towns, or
any districts in their States that have suffered
and are entitled to the relief we ask for Chi-
cago, I will vote for it if it is so presented and
so shown to any committee or to this House
without a committtee; and not only will I
vote for it, but 1 will do everything I can to
insure its passage.
This bill has been before the Senate and
the House of Representatives for nearly two
months; and now after this lapse of time,
when we bring it up, it is, I will not say op-
posed, but every kind of proposition is attempt-
ed to be saddled on it; every little town, every
hamlet, every district, is attempted to be sad-
dled on this bill. Why do not the gentlemen
introduce bills for their own constituents in-
stead oftakingawhole day herein their speeches
opposing a bill and at the same time declaring
that they are for it?
I do not want to discuss the bill any further,
but I do hope the Senate will pass it without
amendment and take up these other proposi-
tions when properly presented and let them,
if they are entitled to support, have their sup-
port, and doubtless they are; at least, I do not
dispute it, I know nothing about it, except
what I have seen in the newspapers. If they
are not meritorious, do not let this bill carry
them through because it is meritorious.
We have had contrasts of the suffering in
Wisconsin and Michigan with that in Chicago.
I have no contrast to make. God knows the
suffering has been enough everywhere to arouse
the sympathy of the whole world. I do not
propose to make any invidious distinctions or
contrasts. I have nothing to say about how
much or how little either of these States has
lost. They have all lost enough. Let each
one stand upon its own merits without attempt-
ing to carry four congressional districts out of
six of Michigan on this bill.
I do not know, except from the gentleman's
statement, that the fire swept over four dis-
tricts^ I do not doubt it, however ; but at the
same time almost two months have elapsed;
certainly time enough to have the evidence
taken and presented before the committee with
a bill. The estimates so far as Chicago is con-
cerned have been shown here by figures. Esti-
mates have been made to show the amount of
money that has been contributed to Chicago.
Instead of building eight or nine thousand
buildings, the money has not been enough to
feed the hungry mouths of that city during the
cold weather that has existed and will exist
during this winter. I wish eight or nine thou-
sand buildings had been erected since that fire
by the money of anybody; I would be glad if
I knew that to be so; but living there and
meeting men from there every day, I am sat-
isfied the gentleman is mistaken, though I
know he does not desire to make a statement
that is not correct.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. As a question
of fact, I merely stated that a member of the
relief committee of Chicago has so written me,
that eight thousand buildings, with the money
contributed and in the custody of that com-
mittee, had been erected. I give it as his
statement. I have his letter.
Mr. LOGAN. I suppose he meant shan-
ties. He certainly did not mean buildings.
There has been no time to erect nine thousand
buildings that a man would call buildings in
a city. They have erected barracks and sheds,
and things of that kind ; but talk not to me
about nine thousand buildings, such as were
there before, being built! Tt is impossible.
No buildings of any kind have been put up,
except shanties—mere board shanties put up
on ends and nailed together, that no man
could call a building in a city.
I hope, Mr. President, we may have a vote.
I do not want to discuss the bill any further.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will call the roll on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Michigan, [Mr. Chandler,] adding
Holland and Manistee.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 27 ; as follows :
YE AS—Messrs. Ames.Boreman, Carpenter.Chand-
ler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Ferry of Michigan,
Flanagan, Gilbert, Goldthwaitc, Harlan, Osborn,
Saulsbury, Sawyer. Stockton, and Thurman—'17.
NATS—Messrs. Blair, Caldwell, Cameron, Clay-
ton, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia,
Fenton, Frelmghuysen, Hamlin, Johnston, Kelly,
Logan, Norwood. Stye, Pomeroy, Kice, Robertson,
Spencer, Stevenson, Sumner, Tipton. Trumbull,
Vickers, M'est, Wilson, Windom, and Wright—27.
ABSENT —Messrs. Alcorn. Anthony, Bayard,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Casserly, Cooper, Cragin,
Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Hitchcock, Howe,
Kellogg. Lewis, lYtorrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, .Morton, Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Kamsey,
Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Bprague, and Stewart—29.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I now offer my
amendment, and I wish to call the attention
of the Senate (in reply to a remark of the Sen-
ator from Illinois) to the fact that there is no
latitude given here that will allow the funds to
be squandered, but the matter is placed under
the control of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. * It applies only to parties who, in
the opiniou of said Commissioner, '■ have suf-
fered material loss by such fire." Proof is to
be submitted to the Commissioner before any
application can be made or responded to. The
remission will be made upon his judgment, so
that there will be no danger of any money being
squandered. I ask that my amendment be read,
which I have sent to the Chair.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to insert
the following clause at the end ot the third
section :
And the provisions of this section shall extend to
and be applicable to the second, iourtli, faith, and
sixth collection districts of the State of Michigan,
and to the cities and towns in the districts m Michi-
gan aforesaid.
Mr. CHANDLER. I simply wish to state
that the amount of property destroyed in the
agricultural districts is perfectly enormous. I
cannot state exactly the number of acres that
have been burned over, but certainly more
than twenty millions, and the amount of prop-
erty is almost incalculable. I hope the Senate
will not decide that a remission of taxes oan
only be made to a city. I do not believe the
people of the United States will indorse that
as a good precedent to set. I believe that the
time will come when Senators on this floor
will regret such a precedent, if it be now set.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to know
upon what ground that extension of the sec-
tion can be made that would not really apply
to the fifth district in Wisconsin.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I supposed the
Senator from Wisconsin would offer a similar
amendment. On the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Illinois that each Senator here
should take care of his own State, I was tak-
ing care of Michigan.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope the gentleman will
state me correctly.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. The Senator
intimated that, if my recollection serves me.
I had the Globe here a few moments, and, I
read his remark saying, in substance, th-it
Michigan should take care of her own in-
terests.
Mr. LOGAN. The gentleman made that
statement once before to-day and I corrected
it. Why it is that there should be such a
great desire to attribute to me something 1
did not say, I do not understand. I stated
yesterday, in reply to the gentleman's col-
league, that I was not the representative of
Michigan, and had no charge of it, and that if
there was no bill in favor of Michigan it was
not my fault. I said that substantially, but I
made no suggestion that the gentleman should
take care of Michigan.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I accept the
correction of the Senator from Illinois, and
upon that I think I have acted in taking care
of the interests of Michigan. I am ready to
support a similar proposition from Wisconsin,
because in my remarks the Senate know that
I alluded to Wisconsin, and I said that if there
were to be a choice between places, I should
yield it to Peshtigo.
Mr. CARPENTER. I move to amend the
amendment of the Senator from Michigan, last
offered, by inserting in the proper place the
''fifth congressional and collection district of
the State of Wisconsin."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected, there being, on a division—ayes 17,
noes 21.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Ferry.]
Mr. CARPENTER. On that I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish simply to say that
I would vote for the amendment very cheer-
fully if the Senate had been disposed to do
equal justice, but as it is perfectly manifest
they will not do justice to the State of Wis-
consin, I think we might as well come back to
the original bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, 1 have lis-
tened to all this long debate, and have from the
outset been disposed to favor the bill as it was
reported from the committee. I preferred to
vote for it in that precise form because we have
a piecedent for it, and because we have found
that such a law may be easily and readily ad-
ministered by the Treasury Department. The
bill has been changed already, I believe, by a
vote of the Senate; but I still think we had
better adhere to it even with that amendment.
I will cheerfully vote for the substance of
this amendment whenever it shall be incorpor-
ated in another bill to meet the case. I must
believe that the statements we have heard in
