564
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
this body of the loss and suffering in Minnesota
and in Michigan are truthful. Then let us
have a bill for their relief, and not come in
here to embarrass this bill by attaching meas-
ures to it which have received the considera-
tion of no committee of this body, and to which
I am very clear we can apply a measure of
relief in another way better for them than that
■which we seek to apply to Chicago. I have no
conscientious scruples about reaching either
of these cases. Precedents are as plenty as
upon almost any subject in the world, and
I have no doubt that they are constitutional,
and that we may afford relief in either case;
but I would not complicate them. I believe
that these losses in the other States will be
brought to our attention in another bill, and
one which shall be more appropriate. If
they are not, then I think the Senators from
those States will be (and I know they will not
be) derelict in their duty. I will be with them
then, as I am with the Senators from Illinois
on this measure now, and I think we may all
vote upon that precise principle. I think,
beside, that the true friends of the bill may
fear a little those gifts that the Greeks are so
ready to bring to us.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I like
these professions of friendship. After having
learned the losses of Michigan and Wisconsin,
after having learned who the losers were, and
the terrific loss of life and property that has
occurred there, and after seeing no disposition
whatever to grant any relief when a gross in-
justice has been done, I think we shail not
appear here as beggars the second time. If
we cannot have equal justice we shall surren-
der any eiaim, and you will not be troubled
from Michigan or Wisconsin.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Michi-
gan [Mr. Ferry] to the third section.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays '25; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Bore man. Carpenter, Chand-
ler, Conkling, Oorbett, Ferry of Michigan, Flana-
gan, Gilbert, Harlan, Osborn, Sawyer, Stockton,
and Wmdom—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Caldwell, Davis of Ken-
tucky. Davis of West, Virginia, Fenton, Frelmghuy-
sen, Hamilton of Maryland, Ilamlin, Hitchcock,
Johnston, Logan, Norwood, Nye, Pomeroy, Rob-
ertson, Saulsbury, Spencer, Stevenson, Sumner,
Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, West, Wilson, and
Wright—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Bayard,
Browniow, Buckingham, Cameron, Casserly, Clay-
ton, Cole, Cooper, Cragin. Edmunds, Ferry of Con-
necticut,^ Goldthwaite, Hamilton ot Texas, Hill,
Howe, Kellogg, Kelly, Lewis, Morrill of Mame,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Patterson, Pool. Pratt,
Ramsey, ltice, Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Sprague,
Stewart, and Thurman—i4.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. THURMAN. Has the amendment
reported by the Committee on l?inance been
voted on?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the
amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole. The other amendments made were
incorporated into it. The question now is on
concurring in the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, which is the proposition
of the Committee on Finance as amended as a
substitute for the House bill.
The amendment was concurred in.
It was ordered that the amendment be en-
grossed, and the bill read the third time.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. CARPENTER. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted-—yeas06, nays 6 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Blair, Boreinan, Caldwell,
Ojrpenter, Cl.iytun.Conkliug, Corbett, Fen ton, Ferry
ot Ahchig"!ri,f!ailag-an. Frpimg:,u.vsen,Gilbert, Ham-
lin, Marian, Hitoucock, Johnston, Lewis, Logan.
Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Ilice, Robertson, Sawyer,
Spencer, Stockton, Sumner, Thurmau, Tipton.
Trumbull. Vickers, West, Wilson, Windom, and
Wright—36.
NAYS—Messrs, Chandler, Goldthwaite, Hamilton
ofMaryland, Norwood, Saulsbury, and Stevenson—6.
ABSliNT—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Bayard,
Browniow, Buckingham, Cameron, C.isserly, Cole,
Cooper, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West
Virginia, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Hamilton
of Texas, Hill, Howe, Kellogg, Kelly, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Patterson, Pool,
Pratt, Ramsey, Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Sprague,
and Stewart—31.
So the bill was passed.
political disabilities.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I demand the regular
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amnesty
bill (H. R- No. 380) is now before the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and (at five
o'clock and seventeen minutes p. m.) the Sen-
ate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 24, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clockm. Prayer
by Rev. W. E. Parsons, of Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
atlantic and mississippi.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
memorial of the General Assembly of the State
of Georgia in relation to a water communica-
tion between the Atlantic and Mississippi;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
william w. montgomery.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the secretary of State
of the State of Texas, transmitting a joint res-
olution of the General Assembly asking Con
gress to pass an act giving a pension to the
widow and minor children of Captain William
W. Montgomery ; which was referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered
to be printed.
removal of political disabilities.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Governor of the
State of South Carolina, transmitting a con-
current resolution of the General Assembly
of that State, praying the Congress of the
Unite'd States to remove the political disabili-
ties of H. W. Carter, A. J. Stinger, and W.
P. Colcock, citizens of that State; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
machinery free of duty.
The SPEAKERannouncedthe appointment
of Mr. Maynard, Mr. Kerr, and Mr. Shel-
don as the conferees on the part of the House
upon the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
upon the bill (H. R. No. X0G2) admitting cer-
tain machinery, imported from foreign coun-
tries, free of duty.
educational fund.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour now
begins at thirteen minutes past twelve o'clock,
and the House resumes the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 1043) to establish an edu-
cational fund, and to apply the proceeds of
the public lands to the education of the peo-
ple. The pending question is upon the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Butler,] which the Clerk will report.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
In section four, line six, after the word " popula-
tion." add the following words: " of the said States
and Territories, between the ages of four and twenty-
one years."
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Perce] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HAWLEY. I ask the gentleman to
permit me to move an amendment to the
eleventh section of this bill.
Mr. PERCE. I will allow it to be read for
the information of the House.
The Clerk read the proposed amendment,
as follows:
Add to the eleventh section the following:
And provided further. That no part of this fund
shall be used or applied to employ teachers in other
than common schools, or teachers in other than the
English language.
Mr. PERCE. I cannotyield for that amend-
ment now. I will determine hereafter whether
I can consent to have it offered and voted
upon.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman desires
to preserve his bill from being amended he
must enter some motion that will prevent it;
otherwise, when the gentleman takes his seat,
the bill will be open to amendment.
Mr. COGHLAN. I desire to offer an
amendment.
Mr. PERCE. I cannot yield further now.
At the proper time amendments can be
offered.
The SPEAKER. The pending question ia
upon the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Butler,] which has been read
by the Clerk.
Mr. PERCE. Mr. Speaker, the title of the
bill and the iirst section give the general im-
port of the entire measure. It is to establish
a general fund, and to apply the proceeds of
the public lands to the education of the peo-
ple. The first section provides that the net
proceeds of the public lands shall be forever
consecrated and set apart for the education of
the people. This country possesses boundless
wealth in its lands. No nation upon earth has
so great an extent of public domain, while the
crown lands of the mightiest kingdoms of
Europe do not equal in extent one of the many
counties carved out of our virgin forests and
prairies. We have, however, wasted this pat-
rimony. Year by year the lands have been
diminished by gift, by grant, and by sale to
our citizens. All moneys received in return
have been paid out as received for the pur-
pose of meeting current expenditures; and
the result is that at the end of each year we
find our public lands diminished by a certain
amount, and no more trace thereof remains
than does of the last year's snow. We have
been like spendthrifts, exhausting the prin-
cipal of our patrimony with no thought ot the
time when, that patrimony gone, we shall no
longer have a reservoir from whence to draw
new supplies.
This bill, Mr. Speaker, provides to some
extent for the future. Notwithstanding the
immense extent of our public lands, at the
present rate it is very questionable whether
fifty years hence the United States will own
one acre of arable soil. Oui- public lands have
been the charity fund of the nation. Should
a soldier be wounded in the service of his
couutry, we give him a quarter section of land.
If any educational system, particularly in the
new States, languishes, we give it a grant of
land. If any particular branch of education
is poor and neglected, we raise it in the
public estimation and enrich it by gift of tlie
public lands. While if any system of internal
improvement requires material aid by doses
of public lands, administered in alternate sec-
tions, we raise the drooping spirits of its pro-
jectors, and place the enterprise upon a sound
financial basis.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I make no objection to
the distribution of the public lands for proper
purposes. In the last Congress I voted for
every grant of land I thought proper and cal-
culated to bring about good. 1 believed then,
as I do now, that those grants, protected as
they were, will result in good to the material
interests of the country without diminishing
the actual value of the lands to the United
States a single dollar. But, sir, in my judg-
ment the time has come when we should
inquire whether it is wise to expend the entire
proceeds of the public lands from year to year
as they are received without regard to the time
