4148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
The .people also entertained kind feelings
for the great victor of the 8tli of January at
the battle of New Orleans, when Pakenham
and Lambert were sent back to England in
hogsheads of rum noi exactly in the highest
credit. The mighty question of the tariff
divided the people. General Jackson had the
love of the people for his bright and glorious
achievement on that occasion, and the nation
loved, too, the champion and supporter of
internal improvements, the great Clay, and he
was admired by every lover of freedom through-
out the world. Clay and Jackson differed upon
this great subject of the tariff. There were
shrewd men living at that day as well as now.
It is said, I know, by some that we have very
much deteriorated in that respect, that there
is not so much life in men's brains now on
political subjects. I think that is a decided
mistake; but at that day there was certainly
considerable shrewdness. A friend of General
Jackson wrote him a letter asking him his
views upon the subject of the tariff. General
Jackson replied, " 1 ain for a judicious tariff."
That was a happy word. He could not have
done better if he had bad Aladdin's lamp and
rubbed it and the genii of the world had
responded. It was just as successful, because
in the North a man could say, •'My dear
friend, General Jackson is in favor of a high
tariffhere in the South " a low tariff," thus
pleasing all. He in his letter on this subject
says he is for a "judicious tariff," and you
know what a judicious tariff is? Then in the
South he was just as potent, because the peo-
ple could say, " Now everything is all right ;
we do not want anything else but a judicious
tariff." So it pleased every one.
Now, I will go on and come down as rapidly
as I can to the present moment. As we com-
menced in the arena of politics we are, as my
friend from Ohio says, likely to close the session
on that basis. Now, as I am on the floor,
though I made no preparation under the sun,
I feel disposed to submit some few remarks on
that branch of the subject and in connection
with it.
Mr. KELLOGG. I hope the Senator from
Texas will take his time. We have the whole
day, and he has a fine audience before him.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Thank you, sir, I will
proceed.
The next proposition I submit is this, and
I will see whether 1 cannot substantiate it:
whenever you find a Democrat, a Republican,
an old-line Whig, a man, be he what he
may, who brings forth an amendment to his
name, he is acting in fraud. The political
history of the country directly establishes that
fact. How was President Buchanan elected to
the high office that he filled, I will not say
whether well or otherwise? It is very well
known that when he was nominated at the
Cincinnati convention he was nominated as a
straight-line Democrat—nay, one that neither
looked to the right nor to the left., a strict con-
structionist of the United States Constitution.
He was thus successful in procuring the nom-
ination. At that time no lightning rod con-
nected us with California. And here per-
mit me to digress for an instant to say that
one of the great men of that day, the
encyclopedia of the Senate for knowledge in
the absence of John Quincy Adams, I mean
Thomas H. Benton, said twenty years ago
that it was all idle to talk about a telegraph
from the Mississippi river to California, that
the Digger Indians would go and take the
wires and break them up into pieces of three
inches in length, and that they would use it to
kill worms and lizards to live upon. You can
read that in the Globe by looking at his speech.
But we have the wires now all over the world,
not only on the land but under the water, and
1 am gratified that it is the fact. The progress
of the day is great, but it is n.othing compared
with what it will be if we are perpetuated as
I hope we shall be.
I have said that Mr. Buchanan was nom-
inated at Cincinnati as a straight-out Demo-
crat. He was elected in fraud. What was the
fraud practiced upon that occasion? After the
nomination he wrote a letter to Mr. Washing-
ton, who was chairman of the Democratic
State committee of California, saying that he
saw no objection in the world to building a
railroad to the Pacific, that there was nothing
in the Constitution prohibiting it. He was
triumphantly carried through in California,
and could not have been but for this letter. A
day or two after his election that letter came
back to this side of th.e continent by the slow
process of travel at that day, and that letter
being published the Democratic politicians of
Alabama, Mississippi, Georgia, Virginia, (my
native State,) and some others, amounting to
nine, became alarmed and got.together, 'Jhey
said, " We have been deceived by this man;
Buchanan is not the man he was represented
to us to be and they held a coiftention and
denounced him for his want of candor in
forcing himself upon them. But he was then
elected and fastened upon the country. If he
had been defeated we would have had no
struggle for secesssion; and if General Grant
is now defeated it will be done by the south-
ern secessionists and those that sympathized
with them. This the nation cannot afford.
If they do the nation will be disrupted at an
early day. History repeats itself, and the risk
cannot now be taken.
In other respects what was his course?
What was the motto upon his banner in the
free States of the Union, for at that day all the
States were not free. "Buchanan, Breckin-
ridge, and free Kansas," was the motto under
which he triumphed in Pennsylvania, and, I
believe, even with that fraud he carried the
State by only about three hundred votes. And
if the voters had believed that he was in sym-
pathy with the South his proud State would have
spurned him from their confidence; but the
fraud succeeded, which has cost the nation
millions upon millions of treasure, and many,
many brave patriots and heroes.
At the next session of Congress after he
was inaugurated the matter came up in Con-
gress. It was alleged by some member that
he had thus succeeded in carrying the State
of Pennsylvania in fraud for his election to
the Presidency. What was the reply ? "Ah,
you cannot attribute fraud in that motto under
which the, party fought; they did fight for
1 Buchanan, Breckiniidge, and free Kansas.' "
Well, the inquiry was, what does it mean ? The
answer was that it simply meant that Kansas
was free to declare for freedom or slavery;
that was the whole of it. begging the question
and thus getting out of it and conclusively
establishing the fact of fraud. And if they
succeed now the fraud will be as great as ever.
The cry is "reform." Who does uotknow that
if the Opposition come into power the ref
ormation will be to deplete the Treasury not
less than two for one? This Administration
is paying the national debt rapidly, and we
are reducing taxation in millions.
Now, Mr. President, do westop there? No,
sir. At the close of our unfortunate war of
the American people with themselves, the
whole South, and the North also to some ex-
tent, were Conservatives; you could scarcely
find a Democrat in the broad land. They were
all for peace, all Conservatives, no.Democrats:
but when they got together in the New York
convention Mr. Seymour cried a little and the
South came out for Democracy, and when
those men came home they had an air of
triumph and did not know a Conservative, and
a Conservative would not have been an accept-
able guest in a Democrat's house under any
circumstances. Then tbe cry was, "Talk not
to me about your Conservatism; are you a
Democrat? If you are, stand up like a man."
They were defeated then, and now where are
they? Now they are with my friend, the Seu-
ator from Illinois, and now the cry is, " We
are not Conservatives, we are not Democrats,
we are not Republicans, but -we are Liberal
Republicans." How far are they liberal. They
are liberal just in the same sense that the
word " conservative" was used, conservative
enough or liberal enough to appropriate any-
thing and everything under God Almighty's
heaven that will tend to victory, and then they
will come out and all be Democrats. To-day
I would rather vote for a straight-out Democrat
who has never swerved, yea, for my friend
Tbcrman, if you please, than one of these
Liberal Republicans. We know them too well.
They have such liberality as was exhibited on
the part of the great Horace Greeley when he
went down and became voluntary bondsman
for Jefferson Davis.
Who is there that did not understand what
he was doing then ? There was a fiaud, and a
palpable one. He indorsed secession, and if
you elect a President who indorsed secession
I ask you what guarantee you have for the
perpetuity of the mightiest nation on the globe.
We should have none; we should be at sea
without helm or compass; and we should be
very likely to be drifted upon the shoals of
secession at an early day. I see this process
going on, and now the great question is, shall
we find Conservatives, Liberal Republicans,
Democrats, sore-heads from whatever source,
a combination of all these elements. They
have had one planting in Cincinnati; it has not
been very successful; there are not very many
buds on the tree. Now, they have adjourned
to Baltimore, yes, Baltimore 
Mr. COLE. If the Senator will give way I
should like to ask 
Mr. FLANAGAN. California is a long
way from here, and I know you cannot stait
home to-day. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas declines to yield.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Baltimore has not fur-
nished within a recent period many spirits
who have advocated the perpetuation of our
glorious Union, but Baltimore has a proud
old name, and there are hosts of proud old
names associated with her history. It is a
great city and it is in a great State, Maryland,
"sweet Maryland." But when Lincoln was
coming through from Illinois, the great State
of my friend, Senator Trumbull, he was not
permitted to come through Baltimore. It is
said they were prepared to use him up be-
fore he reached Washington. He came to
Washington, however, and was afterward as-
sassinated here, becoming a martjr to the
great cause that he advocated. YVhere are
the American people now? Are they ready
to ignore everything that they have realized
from those facts which are demonstrated
beyond peradventure ? I hope not. We have
too much at risk.
But I want to go further into the history of
the country at this moment. Yesterday morn-
ing certain resolutions were introduced here
by the distinguished Senator from Massachu-
setts. What is their purport? I heard them
read, and if I make any statement about them
which is inaccurate I hope I shall be corrected,
for I have not seen them in print; but I think
I understand them. The tenor of the resolu-
tions amounts to this, that we have been acting
unwisely. He js for peace first, last, and all
the time. I think those resolutions were in-
troduced at a very inopportune period.
Mr. .COLE. Mr. President, I call for the
regular order.
Mr. FLANAGAN. It is known in, sir 
Mr. COLL. I insist on the regular oider.
Mr. FLANAGAN. You shall hear me, sir.
It is known now that the difficulty between
England and the United States has not been
satisfactorily adjusted. [Mr. Cole continued
addressing the Chair. J
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does th«
Senator from Texas yield to the Senator from
California?
Mr. FLANAGAN. I will not yield the floor
unless I am compelled to.
