512
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 21,
Senate.
Extension of Km Klux Act—Mr. Stevenson.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
tues, and distinguished throughout the land as
a jurist sans peur et sans reproche, that old
man, almost singly and alone, breasted in his
own native Mississippi the storm of rebellion;
and how did the Republican party repay him ?
When he came, bearing the sign-manual of
Mississippi that he was her chosen Senator of
the United States, bringing proof of his loy-
alty, known far and wide for his patriotism,
how did you receive him ? When Alexander
H. Stephens, the bitter opponent of secession,
when it occurred, sought admittance into this
Chamber as the regularly-elected Senator from
Georgia, how did you receive him? With
what respect did you honor the constitutional
claims of Mississippi and Georgia for repre-
sentation in the persons of their selected and
distinguished sons ? Did you treat them as
sovereigns in this confederacy? Did you ex-
tend your fraternal arms and welcome them
back as representatives of a restored Union?
No, Senators, no! Dead to the teachings of
that love illustrated in the parable of the
prodigal son, who, though he had erred, was
welcomed back to the paternal mansion of his
early love, you preferred the guidance of an ex-
treme party standard, whose success is above
patriotism, and which prefers in its merciless
abuse of usurped power to crush out all return-
ing obedience of the southern people to the
Federal Government or its laws.
You still persevere in your unhallowed war-
fare upon this down-trodden people. With
all your courts open, with hundreds of indict-
ments pending for the punishment of these
secret, illegal combinations, with a people
denied all participation in the Government,
broken in fortune, beggared by their reverses,
with persons once their slaves now their law-
givers and official superiors, backed by the
Army and supported by the Government of
the United States, you propose still to clothe
the President of the United States, and every
military satrap or subordinate belonging to
the Army and stationed in the South, in a
period of peace, and during a presidential
election, with the dictatorial power at his dis-
cretion to suspend this writ of habeas corpus,
and to imprison these unfortunate people at
pleasure. Nay, more, you attempt by select-
ing isolated instances of violence and outrage
in the South, and scattering thera in speeches
broadcast through the land, by charges that,
Gordon, Hampton, Butler, in all respect your
peers, are members of this secret organiza-
tion, charged falsely to be a political one, to
rekindle the expiring embers of the late civil
war, and in this way you hope to arouse a
sectional hatred that will keep you atill in
power.
And yet the Senator from Indiana tolls us
the Republican party wants peace. Can
these oppressions continue, can the guaran-
tees of constitutional liberty be ruthlessly dis-
regarded and the apprehension of freemen
not be aroused? Can our Republican friends
be so blinded by party as not themselves to
become aroused to the dangerous precedent
for the ultimate overthrow of the Constitution
which the enactment of this measure must
inaugurate. There is, there can he no exi-
fency that demands it now or will demand it
ereafter. Why, Mr. President, I have seen
and known from my boyhood something of
the South. I have talked with eminent men
and women unsurpassed in all that adorns the
highest type of manhood or womanhood, and
that heart must be as cold and callous as stone
that would not be touched by the merciless
inhumanity and atrocities under which through
Federal agencies this generous people are now"
being crushed. And yet we are told that the
perils to the public safely demand it. How?
Where? What Senator—I care not who—will
point out in this mass of testimony the proof
of any overt act of the Itu Klux organiza-
tions in the South threatening the subversion
of Federal or State Governments? Has an
iota of proof been introduced going to show
any such intent ? To say that a rebellion or
insurrection exists in any part of our coun-
try is a sham, a mockery. It is not true in
law; it is not true in fact. Secret combina-
tions, illegal combinations have existed, as I
have already admitted. They have committed
acts of violence that call for suppression. I
am not the apologist for force or violence
anywhere. The majesty of the Constitution
and the laws constitute our safety. But it is
untrue, as I believe, that these organizations
are political. It is equally untrue that they can-
not be suppressed and put down by the laws
and through the courts. These disorders exist
everywhere. Can you point me to a State
north or south of the Ohio river where out-
breaks and secret combinations or mobs do not
occasionally commit violence? They exist in
Indiana, and from a recently published judicial
charge of Judge Durham, more violent deaths
have recently occurred in that State than in any
other north or south of the Ohio river imme-
diately adjacent to it. But they are not
secret party organizations, or raised for party
purposes, and surely their occurrence afford
no pretext for suspending any of the guaran-
tees of personal freedom in the Constitution
of the United States. We have been chary of
touching that Constitution amid all the rebel-
lions, wars, insurrections and trials of the past.
Under Washington, Adams, Jefferson, Madi-
son, and Jackson, the bulwarks of that great
charter have been held inviolable. During
the late war Congress authorized its suspen-
sion. But let us cling to the wisdom and pru-
dence of our fathers in relisting any assault
upon the work of their hands. Why, even
in the Irish rebellion, as my friend from Cal-
ifornia [Mr. Casserly] suggests, the writ of
habeas corpus was never suspended. These
illegal organizations in the South are the
legitimate out-growths of the wrongs and out-
rages perpetrated by the State governments
installed by the Federal Government coer-
cively over that oppressed people. If you
desire in good faith to get rid of these out-
breaks, remove the exciting cause from which
they spring. Make them feel safe in their
households and their firesides. Strike off
the manacles with which arbitrary power,
instigated by malice, would fetter them.
Whatever their errors in the past, Senators,
these brave, oppressed people are the peers
of any of us. Treat them with fraternal
kindness. Wipe away the remembrance of
their errors by a generous and a general am-
nesty. Interest them- in the administration
of the Government from which they bravely
sought, but in. vain, to withdraw themselves.
Win them back to love' the Constitution and
obey the laws. They are our brethren ; let us
honor them as such. Take my word, Sen-
ators, love will accomplish more than the
sword.
History is always repeating itself, and shall
we learn nothing from its teachings? In that
grand speech of Edmund Burke in the British
Parliament^ upon the conciliation of America
listen to his eloquent warning, and profit by
that touching experience, as he records it:
"My next example is Wales. This country was
said to bo reduced by Henry HI. It was said more
truly to bo so by Edward I. But though then con-
quered, it was not looked upon as any part ot the
realm of England. Its old constitution, whatever'
that might have been, was destroyed, and no good
one was substituted in its place. The care of that
tract was put into the hands of lords marchers—a
form of government of a very singular kind; a
strange heterogeneous monster, something between
hostility and government; perhaps it hasasortof
resemblance, according to the modes of those times,
to that of commander-in-chief at present, to whom
all civil power is granted as secondary. The man-
ners of the Welsh nation fallowed the genius of the
government; the people were ferocious, restive,
savage, and uncultivated; sometimes composed
never pacified. Wales, within itself, was in perpet-
ual disorder, and it kept the frontier of England in
perpetual alarm. Benefits from it to the State there
were none. Wales was only known to England by
incursion and invasion.
" Sir, during that state of things Parliament was
not idle. They attempted to subdue the fierce spirit
of the Welsh by all sorts of rigorous laws. They
prohibited by statute the sending all sorts of arms
into Wales, as you prohibit by proclamation (with
something more of doubt on the legality) the send-
ing arms to America. They disarmed the Welsh by
statute, as you attempted (but still with more ques-
tion on the legality) to disarm Now England by an
instruction. They made an act to drag offenders
from Wales into England for trial, as you have done
(but with more hardship) with regard to America.
By another act, where one of the parties was an
Englishman, they ordained that his trial should be
always by English. They made acts to restrain
trade, as you do; and they prevented the Welsh
from the use of fairs and markets, as you do the
Americans from fisheries and foreign ports. In
short, when the stat.ute-book was not quite so much
swelled as it is now, you find no less than fifteen acts
of penal regulation on the subject of Wales.
' Here we rub our hands. A fine body of prece-
dents for the authority of Parliament and the use
of itl X admit it fully; and pray arid likewise to
those precedents that ail the while Wales rid this
kingdom like an incubus; thatit was an unprofitable
and oppressive burden, and that an Englishman
traveling in that country eould not go six yards from
the high road without being murdered.
"The march of the human mind is slow. Sir, it
was not until after two hundred years discovered
that by an eternal law Providence had decreed vex-
ation to violence and poverty to repine. Tour an-
cestors did, however, at length open their eyes to the
ill-husbandry of injustice. They found that the
tyranny of a free people could of all tyrannies the
least be endured; and that laws made against a whole
nation were not the most effectual methods for se-
curing its obedience. Accordingly, in the twenty-
seventh year of Henry viii, the course was entirely
altered. With a preamble stating the entiro and
perfect rights of the Crown of England, it save to
the_ Welsh all the rights and privileges of English
subjects. Apoliticalorderwasestablished; themil-
itary power gave way to the civil; the marches were
turned into counties. But that a nation should have
a right to English liberties, and yet no share at all
in tbo fundamental security of these liberties—the
grant of their own property—seemed a thing so in-
congruous that eightyears after, that is, in the thir-
ty-fifth of that reign, a complete and not ill-pro-
portioned representation by counties and boroughs
was bestowed upon Wales by act of Parliament.
Prom that moment, as by a charm, the tumults sub-
sided; obedience was restored; peace, order, and
civilization followed in the train of liberty. When
the day-star of the English constitution had arisen
in their hearts, all was harmony within and with-
out."
If we desire peace, that peace which the
honorable Senator from Indiana dilated on in
such eloquent tones to-night, and which he
says he so ardently longa for, win back our
southern brethren by throwing around them
the shield of the Constitution and giving to
them the faithful protection of our laws. If
you still choose to refuse to them amnesty, at
least treat them as " bone of our bone and
flesh of our flesh." Do not, I pray you, con-
tinue this eternal warfare against what you
deem an unpardonable error.
" To err is human, to forgive divine."
You can win the South back with its in-
calculable resources by a local self-govern-
ment resting on their consent by love and
confidence. But you cannot do it by irrita-
tion and force. Remove promptly the excit-
ing cause of oppression and wrong from
which all the past disorder sprang. Make the
South secure in the enjoyment of their rights
and the sanctity of their firesides, and peace
will ever bless our land.
Mr. President, I deemed it my duty to say
thus ranch against the passage of this obnox-
ious measure. I had no expectation I should
change a vote, but I have at least discharged
a duty. If in after times, some ruler more
ambitious than any of his predecessors should
seek in the success of this bill to find a prece-
dent for his unhallowed overthrow of consti-
tutional liberty, my constituency and children
who came after me will then rejoice to know
that I was one of that little band who deemed
their fealty to the Constitution demanded a
firm resistance and protest to its success in
every mode known to parliamentary law.
