4150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
to every hardship, were marching up and
down,^ guarding the marquee of the great
America^ captain general? Repudiate them !
Turn them out and lake in Liberal Republi-
cans who would as soon let an assassin come
in as anybody else! No, sir. "None but
Americans on guard " in that particular is the
motto. General Grant did right., valiant com-
mander-as he is, in trusting those in whom he
can confide.
Committee after committee has been raised
from time to time to investigate these matters.
Vast rumors of an aggravating character have
been presented here. Tliey are all false; they
. have gone by the board. Tbe distinguished
Senators, Sumner and Schurz, however, are
to be exalted, placed upon a high pinnacle, an
elevated position, not bound to respond to the
interrogatories of a committee of the United
States Senate, their peers. They are in a
position to go before a committee and say,
"Any knowledge I possess I am going to
retain, and will not disclose." I notify those
distinguished gentlemen that the American
people will understand very well why they
could not answer. It was because they had
nothing to answer, or if anything, it was just
as fatal to them, and therefore they fell back
on their dignity, firing blank cartridges. That
is their position to-day.
But it is said President Grant appoints rela-
tives to office. Why, sir, if I was President
of the United States, and I had a thousand
relatives who were worthy I would bring them
in every one, and help them as far as I could,
but I would hold them to a strict responsibility.
When General Jackson was President of the
United States, the Whig papers were down
upon him very much, and I was oue of the
boys who were right after him at that time. It
wag said that his household was not just, exactly
what it should be; and yet it never moved
General Jackson; he stood firm: "By the
Eternal, I know my friends, and I will stand
by them." So I say, first know your friends,
never sacrifice them ; and this idea of sacri-
ficing A to get B or C in will not do, and any
man who has,been successful in politics must
appreciate it. Hold on to your old friends,
and if there is any roaming to be done to bring
in outsiders, let those friends do it. Your
friends will bring in others if you stand by
them.
Now, I say all that President Grant has to
do is to stand firm against the internal foes who
have tried to pour their fire upon him on this
occasion. I have no hesitation in saying that
he will stand firm, manifesting to the civilized
world that we are ready to go as far as justice
shall require, and beyond that under no cir-
cumstances will we go, and he will move for-
ward again to victory, at the head of a lioman
phalanx,as it were, with all the improvements
of Americanized ideas and principles, carrying
out the progress that the world has been
making for a thousand years,.
Sir, I apologize to the Senate for the time
I have occupied, and yield the floor.
Mr. COLE. I hope the amendment of the
Senator from Minnesota will not be agreed to,
but that the resolution may be adopted as it
was presented by me yesterday.
Mr. President, the course of business in this
Senate is so uncertain that it would be folly in
my judgment now to fix any definite day for
adjournment; and I think the policy of those
who are in favor of an early adjournment is to
fix no definite day} but to allow tfcie business
to proceed under a resolution fixing no partic-
ular time for the adjournment.
Mr. President, the hills from the Committee
on Appropriations that are now unacted upon
will require a considerable time even to read
them. Ihey may excite some discussion upon
the propositions they contain. And it must
be remembered that after they have passed
the Senate, they must yet be acted upon by
|he House of .Representatives, and probably
be submitted to committees of conference
and then be enrolled and go to the President,
and be-reported back to the two Houses before
we can, adjourn. The disposition on the part
of the House is to accommodate the Senate
in this matter of adjournment. They have
shown that by the several resolutions that they
have passed on the subject; and I doubt not
they will be willing hereafter to accommodate
the Senate in any reasonable proposition to
enable them to get through with the regular
business that is before us.
I stated a moment ago that the Senate pre-
sented to the country the spectacle of neglect-
ing, I might say deliberately neglecting, to
transact the business before the body. I think
I might, without misrepresenting the Senate,
say that it amounts to an absolute refusal to
transact the business that is now before us.
The House of Representatives are adjourning
from day to day, and taking recesses from
hour to hour, in the hope that the Senate may
proceed with the business of the session. We
have heard speeches on both sides of the
political question yesterday and to-day, and I
hope now the Senate will be content, without
indulging in any more debate of that kind, to
proceed with the appropriation bills and the
legitimate business of the body which must be
transacted before we adjourn.
I believe the House of Representatives will
adopt the resolution that is now pending with-
out the amendments, and that they will permit
us to go on with the business that is so urgent
and pressing upon us. I hope the amendment
of the Senator from Minnesota will be voted
down, and that the resolution will be adopted
as it was presented. If the House see tit to
modify it, I have no doubt they will do it this
evening when they meet again after the recess,
and will put it in some form that will enable
us to transact the business. I am not disposed
to waste any of the time of this body; indeed,
I feel a great deal of embarrassment in con-
suming a single moment, knowing the extreme
importance and value of time for the consid-
eration and transaction of the business. I ask
for a vote.
Mr. CH A.NDLER. 1 hold in ray hand a
communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Has the Sen-
ator from California concluded ?
Mr. COLE. I will yield to the Senator.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hold in my hand a
communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, inclosing a large number of tele-
grams directed to the President from all parts
of the United States, urging upon Congress
the passage of the steamboat bill now before
the Senate, and I hope no time will be fixed
for adjournment until the passage of that bill.
Mr. COLE. I cannot yield for that.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is no question
before Congress in which so-many people of
the United States are interested as in the
passage of that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from California that when
he yields the floor for a vote, debate must pre-
cede the vote, and the vote cannot be taken by
the Chair until debate is exhausted. The Sen-
ator from Michigan has risen to debate the
pending question, and mast be heard.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator will not
indulge in any debate on the bill to which he
refers.
Mr. CHANDLER. I want to give a reason
why we should not fix a time for adjournment.
I understood we are called upon to vote on
that proposition now.
Mr. COLE. I am apprehensive that it will
lead to discussion if the Senator enters upon
that subject particularly. We were very for-
tunate in getting out of an irrelevant discus-
sion this morning after considerable effort, and
I ask the Senator to allow us to vote on this
amendment of the Senator from Minnesota
first and then on the resolution.
Mr. CHANDLER. But the argument I
propose to make is upon that very point, and
1 shall move to lay this matter aside and take
up the steamboat bill and stand by it until
final action is had of some kind; 1 care not
what. I therefore move to lay this whole sub-
ject on tbe table for the purpose of taking up
and having final action upon the conference
report on the steamboat bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state the parliamentary condition of business.
The sundry civil appropriation bill was before
the Senate, but was informally passed over
to consider the resolution in regard to final
adjournment, subject to a demand for the
regular order. The Senator from Michigan
now moves that the adjournment resolution,
with the amendments thereto, be laid on the
table. If that shall be carried, the appropri-
ation bill will then come up ex propria vigore,
by virtue of its own right. Tb".n, if that should
belaid on the table, the Senator from Michigan
could submit his motion to take up the con-
ference report on the steamboat bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I withdraw my motion
for a moment until I read a few of these tele-
grams. I have here a telegram from St. Louis :
"The steamboat men here are very anxious to
have the bill get through this session." Here
is one directed to the President from Boston,
Massachusetts, numerously signed; another
to the same effect from Buffalo, New York, to
the President: " It is of the utmost import-
ance to the large steamboat interest of the
lakes that the conference bill now pending
shall pass without delay." I have another
from Detroit, numerously signed, to the same
effect ; another from Chicago to the same
effect ; another from Cincinnati, Ohio, which
says, "If the steamboat bill before the Senate
fails it will ruin the steamboat interest here
entirely." I have others from Cincinnati to
the same effect, all numerously signed, and so
on from all parts of the United States. Sir,
I think this Congress ought not to adjouru, and
will not adjourn, until final action is had on
this bill; and I therefore now renew the mo-
tion to lay this subject on the table and take
up and proceed with the consideration of the
conference report on the steamboat bill until
final action is had.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator cannot
couple those two motions together.
ihe VICE PRESIDENT. It requiresthree
motions, as the Chair stated, to bring the con-
ference report before the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move now to lay this
matter on the table, and then if that is carried,
I will follow it with another motion.
Mr. COLE. I ask the Senator to withdraw
it for just one momeut.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. COLE. It must be very evident now
to the Senate and the country that the Sena-
tor from Michigan does not desire that another
day of adjournment shall be fixed, but that
we shall be put in ,the position of being ad-
journed under our presentresolution on Mon-
day at noon, and thus force the calling of an
• extra session of Congress. That, I take it,
is the clear interpretation of his motion. If
there is wisdom in that—-Republican wisdom—
I fail utterly to see it. If that is an advant-
age to the country, or to the party to which
he and I belong, I certainly am unable to
comprehend it. I do not pretend, however,
to comprehend all the political wisdom that
is found in this body and m the country ; but
1 am clearly of the opinion, though that
opinion, I confess, is not euiitled to have
much weight, that it will be very damaging not
only to the interests of the country, but of the
party as well. I believe our policy is to do
w & the country requires, to proceed in a
proper way with the business before the body,
and not force ourselves to an adjournment on
Monday next, but to act upon the resolution
before us recinding the resolution heretofore
passed for adjournment. That, in my judg-
ment, is our policy; hut the motion ot the
