5m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
this subject they cry out as with one voice for
such a disposition of those lands as will make
them inure to their benefit through the educa-
tion of their children.
Mr. Speaker, if I believed that, the estab-
lishment of a national system of education
could be made as efficient as the systems of th e
States now in operation, I should have intro-
duced such a measure. I believe that in this, as
in many other particulars, the Congress of the
United States are far behind the people. While
we are called a radical body, we are in fact a
conservative body, and the people are far
ahead of us on all tliese great topics now exer-
cising their minds.
I do not know that it is necessary to go into
the question of the constitutionality of a meas-
ure providing for a system of national educa-
tion. Still, as this bill has been attacked upon
that ground, I propose to say a few words in
regard to it. The preamble of the Consti-
tution recites that the people of the United
States, in order to form a more perfect union,
establish justice, insure domestic tranquillity,
provide for the common defense, promote the
general welfare, and secure the blessings of
liberty to themselves and their posterity, do
ordain and establish it for the United States
of America. Now, sir, 1 assert the broad fact-
that education is necessary. 1 will say that
universal education is necessary to establish
and perfect the union of this country, neces-
sary to establish justice, to insure domestic
tranquillity, provide for the common defense,
promote the general welfare, and secure the
blessings of liberty to the people, and the Con-
stitution has sigually failed in securing these
objects if the power to secure the education of
the people be not somewhere contained in its
provisions. The Indians of our forests and
prairies are an brave a people as we are. They
have proved it in a thousand battles and by
two centuries of persistent and obstinate resist-
ance to the encroachments of civilization; and
yet. before the progress of educated, organized
manhood, they are vanishing from the face of
the earth. Given education the Indian element
of America, now brutal and full of the lust,
slothl'ulness, and debasement, of ignorance,
would strengthen and ennoble the American
character. As it is they mar the symmetry of
civilization, and are rightfully and righteously
swept from the passage of enlightenment;
yet, 1 have met, in my experience, free-born
American citizens, white men, who in all the
debasement of iguotauee.are upon a level with
the lowest of our Indian tnhes. Let such
ignorance a.s this sweep across the count,it,
and, 1 ask, where would lie our boasted con-
stitutional privileges?
J know, sir, that this illustration is far
fetched and improbable, but being possible it
demonstrates the statement, 1 make.
Mr. Speaker, I find that I am being led away
from the consideration of the bill before us
by the questions arising out of the establish-
ment oi a system of national education. 1"
know it would be impracticable and unwise to
supersede the present systems of State instruc-
tion. The bill submitted does notattemptany-
thing of the kind. On the other hand, it en-
courages and strengthens the State systems of
education under the authority of the States
and through their political organizations. We
adopt the system of Horace Maim and of the
present managers of the I'eabodv fund by
offering inducements to the different States
to advance their present systems of education.
In the case of the managers of the Peabody
fund, I need but state the tact that, their in-
come is but little more than one hundred thou-
sand dollars. They have offered this to the
South, saying that it they, the people, would
raise a certain amount the Peabody fund would
grant a certain sum in addition thereto, for the
benefit of their educational interests; and the
result has been, that whereas the Peabody
fund amounts to but little more than one hun-
dred thousand dollars, the people of the State
have been stimulated t.o raise $500,000 in
addition, and everywhere throughout all the
southern country we find the Peabody schools
dotted here and there, in places where the light
of education never before penetrated.
I propose, sir, to explain the different sec-
tions of the bill as I go on, and then will yield
to the gentlemen on the other side of the
House. The second section simply provides
for ascertaining the net proceeds of the public
lands from year to year. The third section
provides the fund itself.
In the consideration of this measure, we are
met by three different methods for providing
for the disposition of the proceeds of the pub-
lic lands for educational purposes.
First, there was the method offered by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Burciiard,] pro-
viding that all the net proceeds of the public
lands be distributed annually to the different
States, in accordance with their population,
for educational purposes. This was open to
the grave objection that while our lands are
vast, they are not, inexhaustable, and with the
disposition of the lands themselves all aid to
educational purposes from the Government
must cease.
Now, sir, interest in educational matters
rises or falls from generation to generation.
The present, generation may bo educated, but
if they lose the stimulus to educate their chil-
dren, the next generation will grow up in igno-
rance. This is illustrated in the present con-
dition of the South. In I860 war broke out,
and found many of the childien between the
ages of twelve and fourteen years attending
schools. By the effects of the war the schools
were swept away, and many of those children
before the close of the conflict were in the
ranks of the urmy. When they returned to
their homes they found theirfamilies dispersed,
their fortunes gone, and were obliged to enter
immediately, without further education, upon
the work of their lives. And the result is,
that among life best of our southern people
many of the young men and young women,
having bad no opportunities of learning during
the continuance of the war, arc entirely unedu-
cated. This illustrates the fact that we must
stimulate the educational interests of the
country from generation to generation, and
to do this a perpetual fund of some kind must
bo creatod.
The second proposition was to constitute a
fund from the entire proceeds of the public
lands; in other words, to create a fund the
interest whereof should be distributed among
the different States. This met with the objec-
tion that, the amount to be distributed would
be so small that it would be of no practical
value during the coming generation and for
several generations hereafter.
I have adopted the medium course, and by
this_ section provide that one half of the pro-
ceeds of the public lands shall constitute a
perpetual fund, to be known as the national
educational fund; and that, the other half,
together with the interest upon the national
educational fund, shall be distributed annually
among the different States for educational pur-
poses.
The fourth section provides the manner of
distribution. We there provide, ut.der the
amendment which has been offered by the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Butler,] for
the distribution of tins fund upon the basis
of population between the ages of four and
twenty-one years. The statistics gathered by
the census of the United States show the fact
that the number of the population of school-
age differs materially in diiferent sections of
the country. We have more children in the
western and southern than we have in the
eastern States, and as the fund is to be ap-
plied to the education of the children, I desire
to make the application where it is most
needed.
Section five of the bill provides that each
State and Territory shall be entitled to its share
upon an understanding and agreement that it
will provide by law for free education to its
children; but as this question will come up
more fully as we proceed to discuss the bill, I
will pass it for the present.
Section six provides for the establishment of
schools for the education of teachers. This sec-
tion is inserted in the bill for the reason that it
was developed upon the hearing of the charges
against General O. O. Howard, in the last
Congress, that such a provision was needed.
One of the charges against him was that he had
erected the Howard University here, and sev-
eral other institutions of a like character in the
southern States, for the education of teachers,
and in the evidence in that case it was shown
that it was absolutely necessary that such in-
stitutions should be established to carry out
the scheme of free public education. We must
have teachers as well as pupils, and while the
latter swarm throughout our entire land, we
find by actual trial that the former can hardly
be obtained. It is for this purpose that we
make it optional with the Legislature to devote
fifty per cent, of the fund received during the
first year, and ten per cent, of all received dur-
ing subsequent years, to this especial purpose.
We make it optional because in many of the
older States normal schools are already estab-
lished, and of course they do not desire this
aid, but in the newer States, and in the south-
ern States, (which are entirely new upon all
educational questions,) we leave the Legisla-
ture to provide for this want.
Section seven, in connection with section
nine, gives tone to the entire bill, and to it I
call particular attention. It provides ceUain
conditions. I expect this section, if any, will
bring out criticism. We have endeavored to
avoid anything like an interference with the
system of instruction adopted in the several
States. We do not intend to interfere in any
way with such systems. I believe the State
organizations can be made altogether efficient.
Some have already reached a high stand-point
of excellence, and through the system of com-
parison afforded by the national Bureau of
Education others are stimulated to a higher
degree of usefulness. _ The provisions of this
bill tend only to stimulate and assist the
school systems of the various States, and not
to do away with or obstruct them in any way.
But all 'grants are or should be conditional.
That is to say, all grants should contain the
power to coerce the application of the thing
granted to the purpose intended. To show
that conditions of some kind are necessary,
we need only refer to the grant made the dif-
ferent States in aid of agricultural colleges
under the act of July, 1802. In this connec-
tion, I beg leave to refer to a letter of Hon.
Frederick Watts, Commissioner of Agricul-
ture, which I will make part of my remarks.
By far the larger portion of the fund created
by this act of July, 1802, has been diverted
from its proper course, and the peculiar
branch of education intended to be, and which
ought to be and would be benefited by a
proper application of the fund, has received
little or no aid thereby:
Department op Agriculture.
V, ashinotox, D. C., December 29, 1871.
_ Sir: In further reply to your letter of the 10th
instant, 1 beg to inclose you a list of agriciiltnr.nl
colleges and schools in the United States. I believe
every State has signified its acceptance of the pro-
visions of the act of July 2. 1862, winch donates
public lands to them for the purpose of establishing
agricultural colleges and schools ; but they have not
all, indeed very few of them have conscientiously
complied with the requirements of the law, so far aa
1 can learn. To establish agricultural schools is
manifestly the purpose of that law, and to divide or
pervert the fund in aid of the literary schools of the
country is a fraud upon it. I beg leave to refer you
to bill No. 520, (House ot Representatives,) intro-
duced by Mr. Terry, of Virginia^ suggesting soma
important amendments which X deem essential*
xou will perceive that neither in one bill nor the
other is there contained any provision by which tho
