3254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
Mr. WILSON. We shall pass a bill before
we adjourn. I3ut, sir, there is a desire in
Congress and out of it to pass a bdl giving
more security, giving civil rights, and it is
believed by those who desire this that these
two measures should go along together, or if
they do not go along together, that the one
•which is in peril shall go before the other;
and I intend to govern myself in this vote
to-day for the purpose, not of defeating am-
nesty, for I do not believe it is to be defeated,
but for the purpose of securing civil rights.
The other will follow, and follow immediately,
too, I believe, and I have faith and hope that
both will come before an adjournment, and I
shall labor to that end.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. President, the Senator
from Massachusetts who has just taken his
seat says that he will vote for this amendment
or substitute, but not for the purpose of de-
feating amnesty. 1 say to him and to the Sen-
ate that ibis amendment has never been used
for any other purpose than to defeat amnesty.
The amnesty bill has never been here but what
it has been confronted with this measure.
While it is known to the Senator and to all the
Senate that the majority here have had the
power at any time to bring up this civil rights
bill, so called, and to pass it upon its own merits
or demerits, ihey have never named it except
■when they could antagonize it with the amnesty
measure. It has always confronted this meas-
ure ; it has always been saddled upon this
measure; it has always destroyed the am-
nesty bill. Yet the Senator from Massachu-
setts tells us that four fifths of both Houses are
in favor of amnesty, when he has been in-
strumental on every occasion ill destroying
amnesty whenever it has been proposed, by
bringing forward this measure and defeating
amnesty by lacking it upon it.
The Senator may be sincere in that declara-
tion ; his mind may he so formed as to be
incapable of seeing that he is destroying the
measure that, lie pretends to bo in favor of;
but nobody else will accept it in that sense ;
nobody else will bo convinced that this meas-
ure which has been the destruction of am-
nastv, the lock upon which it. has split, has
noi. been iisi d on every occasion t.o defeat the
measure which the Senator professes to be in
favor of.
Mr. President, as I said before, there was a
majority of the Senate who voted this amend-
ment upon the amnesty bill on the previous
occasion when it was discussed in the Senate;
and by reason ol its being voted as an amend-
ment to the amnesty bill the amnesty bill was
defeated, and that, alone defeated it if we can
believe tlie professions of gentlemen upon this
floor. Now, again, when the amnesty bill is
biotii ht up, tins is moved as a substitute, and
gentlemen i el I us tlicy will vote for it and sub-
stitute it for the measuic and leave the Senate
wi'limit a general amnesty bill of any kind
which we can pass so as to complete the
restoration of our people throughout, the coun-
try to their rights. 1 say that the Senator may
be convinced ol the irutli ol his own assertion,
and lie may be able to convince some few
persons of it, but the mass of the country will
bi heve ftom the action of the majority of this
Senate that their purpose is to destroy the
amnesty bill by confronting it and deleating it
by placing this as an amendment upon it.
Mr S I JiVENSON. Mr. President, a higher
than human authority has stated that a man's
fau lt is to be judged of by Ins works. If sev-
eral honorable Senators of the dominant party
m this Chamber were to be tried by i ha; stand !
ard m legard to a sincere advocacy of this '
amnesty bill I very much fear thai they would
be found warning, if the dominant party had
desired to carry out the recommendation of
the President of the United States in giving
to the country this long-needed meed of justice
and of mercy, demanded by the best interests
of the country, they could long since have
done so. The country demands to know why
if the dominant party and the Democratic
party in this Chamber desire amnesty, a bill
accomplishing that purpose has not been
pa-sed ? It is a meet and pertinent question.
The House of Representatives have passed
various amnesty bills and sent them to this
Chamber. Before the Christmas recess we
spent hours and days in discussing one of those
bills, and it was defeated by placing upon it
an amendment not germane, known as the civil
rights bill, so zealously pressed by the Senator
from Massachusetts farthest from me, [Mr.
Sumner ] The dominant party of this Senate
could long since have passed the civil rights
bill. There is no necessary connection be-
tween the amnesty bill and the civil rights
bill, and 1 press the question upon both the
Senators from Massachusetts to tell me why,
if they arc in favor of amnesty, do they at-
tempt to kill it indirectly by a bill not germane
to it, and which they know by absolute expe-
rience cannot obtain that vote of two thirds
which is required when it is thus attached to
the amnesty bill. Can any sane man doubt
that it is an indirect measure to kill amnesty ?
But, Mr. President, the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Sumner] has again, when
this amnesty bill comes regularly before the
Senate, attempted to strike out the enacting
clause and to substitute his civil rights bill.
1 think that vicious legislation. 1 think it
legislation unworthy of the high character of
this Chamber. I think it is a new mode of
legislation, for the first time attempted in this
body. I look back in the past of America to
the glorious memories which cluster aiound
the Senate of the United States, and I have
yet to learn that any such attempt has been
made, upon any twu-thiids bill which has re-
ceived ilie sanction of ilie House of Repre-
sentatives. to strike out the enacting clause
and to incorporate upon it a bill wholly uu-
germane, which experience shows cannot
receive the votes of two thirds of this Cham-
ber.
1 say it is vicious legislation. 1 use the
broad Anglo-Saxon word, and I mean just,
what that term conveys. We are not allowed
to refer to what took place in the, other branch
of Congress. Why? Because those who have
framed our rules deemed it right and proper
that alJ wise and conservative legislation in
the dliferent branches should be conducted
without any outside influence of one upon the
other. I do not charge the distinguished Sen-
ator froin Massachusetts with any purpose of
dragooning the other House, I will not say that.
Btich a thought entered into the mind or im-
agination of that distinguished Senator ; but
1 do say, and [ say it with all confidence,
that whether lm intended it or not, the coun-
try has aiight to infer and we have a right
to deduce that such will be its consequence,
ilie House of Representatives have passed
various amnesty bills. They have had
also before them a civil rights bill, so called.
Now, instead of action, either bypassing or
by rejecting one of the bills of the Hons- of
Ilepieseiuatives, a Senator, distinguished not
less lor his talents than (or his long experi
ence in this body, rises, and for the lirst time
attempts to strike out, the legislation of the
popular branch as reflected in this bill, and to
put. upon it and in its place a wholly distinct
and incongruous subject ol legislation, which,
although he has had a bill to accomplish, pend-
ing lor many mouths, has never been pressed
upon the consideration of the Senate. His
civil rights bill is the fiist bill upon the Cal-
endar of the Senate. I appeal to liim to know
why during lour long mom lis no elfort. lias been
made by him to pass that bill ? His zeal and
assiduity in regaid to the District, school bill
is fresh in the mind of every Senator; and vet
with ihe civil rights bill, the first bdl on ihe
Calendar, we have not heard one word from
the lips of that earnest and eloquent Senator
in favor of the passage of this, his favoiite
measure. Why sucli silence? Why such de-
lay? Why put it off until when, in the course
of the regular order of business in the Senate
a House bill having for its object the removal
of disabilities is here, the Senator promptly
rises and moves to strike out ail after the
enacting clause, and to insert that bill which
has been so long pending as the lirst upon our
Calendar?
Sir, J am a very plain and humble man, and
I shall speak plainly. I can look upon this in
no other light than as saying to the House of
Representatives and to the Senate, "I am
afraid to bring up my civil rights bill lest it
fail, and I will attempt to force the House of
Representatives to pass my civil rights bill, or
I wiil deny to them the passage of all amnesty
bills." I do not think ihat such a deduction
is a violent one, and when 1 look at what has
taken place in this Chamber I can but con-
elude that nine men out of every ten will agree
with me that such is the logical consequence
of the action of the senior Senator from Mas-
sachusetts.
If that be true, then I say it is a noxious
and vicious mode of legislation, now for the
lirst time attempted in the Senate, by moral
duress to exact from the Representatives in
the popular branch of the Congiess of the
United States a measure which they, in their
own judgments and their own convictions, do
not believe to be a meritorious one. 1 was
amazed, I was mortified to hear my friend
ftom Ohio [Mr. Sherman] with whom 1 served
years ago in the House of Representatives,
and who has been so long in this Chamher,
rise in his place and openly avow that he
would vote for the subsrituie of the Senator
from Massachusetts, because he believed that
was the only way he could get it, and when he
did get that, then he was willing to give am-
nesty. Has it come to this, that in the Senate
of the United Stales propositions are to be
made and the doetiiue is to be asserted that
bills of the highest importance, measures
going to the very perpetuity and peace of this
Republic, are lo be passed by indirection and
by a sort of moral duress?
Mr. IRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Kentucky allow me to interrupt him for a
moment?
Mr. S I'EVENSON. With pleasure.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not, see the Sen-
ator from Ohio m Ins seat, and 1 presume the
Senator from Kentucky does not wish to state
him incorrectly. I have btfore me tbe Globe,
from which it will appear thai, the Senator Irom
Ohio did say that he would vote for an am-
nesty bill after this bill had passed this body,
but. not until he had coerced the House of
Representatives to vote on what he calls a civil
UKbts bill, but which I call a social equality
bill.
Mr, EDMUNDS. You are not reading
from the G;obe
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will read from his
speech what lie said.
Mr, STEVENSON". I shall be very much
obliged to tbe Senator from Illinois if he will
read it. '
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will:
"I would certainly, if I could, foroe a minority to
allow a fair vote on the civil rights bill before I
would vote for the amnesty bill."
1'hat is his language.
Mr. STEVENSON. I am obliged to the
honorable Senator from Illinois for tbe sug-
gestion. I thank him for having read the
precise utterance of t,he Sena'or from Otiio. It
will theretoro be seen that 1 did that Senator
no injustice. It will be seen that he openly
avows his purpose, as one of the leaders of the
dominant, party of the Republic in this Senate,
to Coerce legislation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, Mr. President; the
Senator misstates the Senator Irom Ohio
again. What the Senator trom Ohio said, a3
the Senator from Illinois ha4 just read m aid ot
my honorable friend from Kentucky, in read-
ing from his speech, was not that he would
