1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4151
Senator from Michigan looks toward a defeat
of that resolution, and toward an adjourn-
ment on Monday next, which must necessarily
be followed by a called session of Congress.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator entirely
misapprehends my object. My object is to
have action upon an important measure now
before Congress, a measure that has passed
one House after more than four months care-
ful consideration, has passed the other House
after weeks of careful consideration, and now
we have on the table a conference report on
this very bill which the whole nation demands
the passage ot. I simply ask to take it up now
and have action upon it one way or the other,
and 1 think we ought to do that before we
vote upon any proposition to adjourn. I shall
therefore renew my motion to lay this matter
on the table, and I hope the Senate will stand
by me in that proposition.
Mr. COLE. Just one word, if the Senator
will allow me. If we have an extra session,
the Senator must know, for he is acquainted
with the rules of the House, that no business
can be transacted during the first six days of
that session under the twenty-first joint rule,
and there will be six days lost.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 do not know any such
thing.
•Mr. COLE. That is so. The Senator will
observe the fact that we cannot do anything
for the first six days of the session. ,
Mr. THURMAN. I want to have one mat-
ter decided, and for the purpose of having it
decided, without any disrespect to anybody, [
demand the regular order, and insist that I
have the right to take a Senator off his feet to
make that demand. I want a ruling upon that
point.
Mr. POMEROY. That is not in order;
the Senator cannot do that.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 deny that the Senator
has a right to take me off my feet.
Mr. THURMAN. I want the Chair to rule
upon it.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
about to decide that point, or express his opin-
ion, which, of course, will be subject to debate
after he has stated the point. Some time
since, about a month ago, the Senate by unan-
imous consent informally passed over the reg-
ular order to allow the Senator from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Alcorn] to speak on the so-called
Morrill amendment. Alter speaking some ten
minutes an endeavor was made to take liirn
off his feet for the purpose of proceeding with
the regular order. A point of order was made
upon him, which of course required him to
resume his seat. The Chair overruled the
point of order, and the Senator from Missis-
sippi then rose and insisted that he could not
be taken off the floor by a point of order being
made upon him, nor could he be taken off the
floor by a demand for the regular order uniil he
completed his remarks, which he stated he
wouid do in five or ten minutes. The Chair, on
reflection, sustained that upon the ground that
no Senator can by any rule known to the Sen-
ate or by its usage be taken off the floor ar-
bitrarily by a demand by any Senator, but he
stated at that time, m anticipation of this very
contingency which now occurs, that the ruling
would make it unpleasant toward the close of
the session to yield when appropriation bills
were pending to take up informally other busi-
ness, because a Senator might insist on the
right to the floor until he finished his remarks.
But the Seuator from Ohio desires this to be
decided by the Senate, and as it will be the
first time that a Senator has been taken from
tlie floor by a demand for the regular order, the
Chair will with great pleasure submit the ques-
tion to the Senate for their debate and decision
whether a Senator can be taken from the floor
as the Sonator from Mississippi was some time
since while speaking on a matter that was
taken up by unanimous consent, and the reg-
ular order informally passed over.
Mr. THURMAN. I make the point simply
for the purpose of having the practice settled.
It seems to me perfectly clear that if we can-
not take a Senator off his feet under circum-
stances like these, it never will be safe lo pass
over the regular order informally because a
Senator may take the floor and speak for six
weeks. Now, this thing of passing by the
regular order informally in order to allow
business that is not contested to pas8 facil-
itates the transaction of business in the
Senate wonderfully. Every day we pass
numerous bills by the chairman who has the
regular order in charge passing it by inform-
ally subject to a call at any moment; but if
upon any bill that comes up a Senator can
take the floor and speak about everything from
the creation of the world down to this time,
and hold the floor just as long as he pleases, it
will be unsafe for the chairman of any com-
mittee having the regular order m charge ever
to agree to its being informally passed over,
and nobody can get business done as we do
now every day by the chairman consenting to
informally pass by his bill or lay it aside sub-
ject to a call for the regular order. I hope
the Senate will vote that when such an agree-
ment as this is made to lay aside the regular
order informally to take up something else
subject to a call for the regular order, that call
may be made at any time and will take who-
ever is speaking off his feet.
Mr. CHANDLER. Docs the Senator ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair ?
Mr. THURMAN. The Chair did not make
a decision.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No ; the Chair
submitted the question to the Senate. The
Chair stated that he protected the Senator
from Mississippi a month since in remarks
interesting to his State and section, because
he did not himself desire to introduce a new
rule in the Senate by which a Senator could
be taken from the floor in the midst of a
speech on the demand of a Senator. The
Senator from Ohio now insists, however, upon
that question being settled. It is for the Sen-
ate to make this rule, which the Chair of
course will obey berealter if it is made ; and
the question is, under the circumstances now
before the Senate, with which they are familiar,
can the Senator from Onio demand the regu-
lar order while the Senator from California is
on the floor speaking?
Mr. CASSERLY. Do I understand the
Chair to decide 
Mr. THURMAN. No; the Chair did not
make any decision.
Mr. CASSERLY. Do I understand the
remarks of the Chair to be directed to the pre-
cise state of facts which now exist; that is to
say, to a case where the regular order has been
laid aside by consent or informally to permit
other business to be taken up, subject only to
a call for the regular order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
can that call be made while a Senator is on
the floor speaking. The question, in the mind
of the Chair, is whether the Chair can recog-
nize the Senator from Ohio. When the Sen-
ator from California is addressing himself to
him, and speaking, the Chair does not exactly
see how he can recognize any other Senator:
but if the Senate decides that this cat) be done
under the state of facts now occurring, the
Chair, of course, will enforce that rule here-
after, that a Senator can be taken from the
floor under similar circumstances by any Sen-
ator interrupting him.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wi*h to say, under-
standing from the remarks just made by the
Chair that such a practice would be an inno-
vation on the usage of the Senate, I hope the
Senator from Ohio will not press his motion.
If made, I shall be obliged to vote against it.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator will
withdraw it. We do not want to establish the
principle here that a Senator can be taken off •
the floor when speaking within the rules. A
Senator who is called to order has the right to
resume the floor when the question of order is
settled; and there is no rule and no principle
in this body by which we can stop a Senator
who is speaking within the rules, and we
ought not to establish it now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio insist upon the point?
Mr. THURMAN. 1 do insist upon it. We
ought to understand it. I say if I ever had
charge of the regular order, if the rule is to be
as suggested, I never would agree to passing
it by informally, because anybody could take
the floor and speak ad libitum, and it would
not be safe to doit if that is the rule; whereas,
as we haVe practiced it, we have transacted a
great deal of business by passing the regular
order informally, subject to call, and I think
it is the true spirit and intent of tbat, which is
something in the nature ot an agreement, that
if we will pass by the rogular order informally
and take up other business subject to a call
for the regular order, that call may be made
at any time.
Mr. POMEROY. That is when we lay
aside the regular order with the express under-
standing that it shall not lead to debate; but
if we lay it aside with the understanding' that
the measure to be taken up shall lead to
debate, there is no way of terminating that
debate until a Senator can get the floor to
submit a motion that will do it.
Mr. BOREMAN. Upon this vote, in order
to sustain the former decision of the Chair,
we vote " no," as 1 understand it
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not make a decision upon thisparticular point.
The Chair will state the question clearly, so
that the decision of the Seriate shall be unmis-
takable. The regular order having been
informally passed over, subject to a demand
for the regular order by any Senator, the ques-
tion is, can the Senator from Ohio interrupt
the Senator from California [Mr. Cor,e] while
upon the floor speaking, and demand the reg-
ular order, and thus terminate his speech, and
call up the regular order? Senators in favor
of that principle will say ay; those opposed, no.
The question being put, it was decided in
the negative.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California is now entitled to the floor.
Mr. COLE, jn order that we may know
precisely the ground we occupy and the con-
dition in which we shall find ourselves after
Monday at twelve o'clock, if we do not take
action on this resolution, I ask that the twenty-
first joint rule be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
" 21. After six days from the commencement of a
seconder subsequent session of Congress, all bills,
resolutions, or reports, which originated in either
House, and attheolose ofttienext preceding session
remained undetermined in either House, shall be
resumed and acted on in the same manner as if an
adjournment had not taken place."
Mr. COLE. Thus it will be seen that if we
I adjourn without acting on the appropriation
! bill, or any other bill that needs action, we
shall find ourselves in the dilemma of not
being able to consider or to act upon it until
six days have passed after the commencement
of the called session.
Mr. POMEROY. The joint action of the
two Houses can suspend that rule. It has
been several times suspended.
Mr. COLE. It is ajoint rule, and we have
no reason to believe or expect that it will be
suspended or rescinded.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state on this point that the fifty-second rule
of the Senate provides that—
" At the second, or any subsequent session of a Con-
gress, the fegislaitve business ot the Senate which
remains undetermined at the close of the next pre-
ceding session of that Congress shall be resumed and
proceeded with in t,lie same manner as if no adjourn-
ment of the Senate had taken place."
That was adopted on the 25th of March,
1848, and on the lltli of August of the same
year the join rule alluded to by the Senator
from California was agreed to, which is the
