1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
146S
use it as a mint. It is left to the Government
of the United States to determine whether it
will resolve to remove the mint or to cease to
occupy it for the pwpose of a mint. When-
ever it does one or the other, then the reverter
is to take place, but not until it does one or
the other.
The Government was interrupted in the
occupancy of this mint (a mint which it had
occupied from 1838 up to the breaking out of
the civil war) by the civil war. It has not
occupied it as a mint since the close of the
civil war. The first question is, is that such
a non-user as is to be construed and taken as a
determination by the Government, in the lan-
guage of this deed, to cease to occupy if, as a
mint. There is no pretense that it is a determ-
ination of the Government to remove the mint,
but it is a determination by the Government
to cease to occupy it as a mint so that the re-
verter takes place? I suppose there is not a
lawyer on the floor of the Senate who will say
that there is any such determination. There
has been no such non-user as would produce
a reverter. As a general rule, non-user must
exist for a time equal to that of the statute
of limitation, say twenty-one years, or twenty
years I believe it is in the State of Louisiana;
and then it must be a non-user that cannot be
explained except on the ground of an inten-
tion to abandon the property. Here has been
a non-user for very good and sufficient rea-
sons. It could not be supposed that the Gov-
ernment would occupy those premises as a
mint immediately after the close ol' the war
when everything was in the confasion that it
was; but it is sufficient to say that there has
been no non-user of it for such a time as is
taken to be conclusive evidencet hat the Gov-
ernment has resolved to cease to use it as a
mint.
Then the question before the Senate really
is tins: shall we use it as n, mint; shall it be
used hereafter as a mint? If it be determined
that it shall be used hereafter as a mint, then
comes another question: shall we make appro-
priations for its immediate use? If, on the
other hand, it is the opinion of Congress that
it never will be used as a mint, then we ought
to surrender it at once, then we ought to give
it up at once ; then we ought to be at no ex-
pense at once ; and there is nothing to do but
to give it up.
Upon this question we have different state-
ments. The deputy Comptroller of the Cur-
rency, Mr. Knox, says it is not probable it
ever will be needed by the Government for
purposes of coinage.
Mr. KELLOGG. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. KELLOGG. If it should turn out that
the Congress have enacted a law abolishing
the mint, would that work a reversion to the
city?
Mr. THURMAN. T rather think it would.
Air. KELLOGG. I think the Congress
have done that; but I will get the book and
examine the statutes.
Mr. THURMAN. If Congress has abolished
the mint it would have that effect; but a mere
failure to make an appropriation does not
abolish it. If there is any law on the subject
1 had better say nothing, because I have not
all the lacts before me; but on the facts before
me it is very clear that there has been no re-
verter. If Congress has abolished the mint,
and determined, in the language of the grant,
that it will not use the mint any longer, then
the reverter has taken place, and there is
nothing for us to make any appropriation for,
because we have no property there.
But, Mr. President, one word more and I
will relieve the Senate from any further dis-
cussion of this subject. We have heard on
the one side what is said by the deputy Comp-
troller, that it is not probable that the mint
will ever be needed for coinage. On the other
hand we have heard what has been said by the
Senator from Louisiana and the Senator from
Kansas as to the probability that it may be
needed as a mint when the railroads are con-
structed of which they have spoken. But one
thing is very certain : taking either one of
the statements, there is no immediate neces-
sity for a mint at New Orleans, and the very
document that is referred to shows that even
before the war broke out the, mintage there
had almost ceased and amounted to but very
little indeed. It never did amount to anything
of very great consequence, except during one
or two years when there was a great influx of
gold from California, which was minted there,
amounting to nearly $22,000,000. The mint-
age otherwise was very small, and kept grow-
ing smaller and smaller.
But it is for Congress to say whether or not
there is any use in keeping up a mint there,
that is to say, in holding on to this property
with the expectation that in some future time
itwillbewell to establislia mint there. I must
say that for my own part it looks to me as if it
were useless to hold the property, to deprive
the city of the property for any such reason as
that, upon a mere expectation or probability
that a mint may be needed there in the future.
But it does seem to me that one thing is neces-
sary. There is a question whether or not all
the buildings which we have erected upon
that lot, and which have cost the Government
five hundred and odd thousand dollars, are to
go to the city upon this reverter. I do not think
this is a matter that ought to be disposed of by
an amendment to an appropriation bill. It is
a matter for legislation, and in that legislation
it does seem to me that if we give np the
ground, we have some right to inquire whether
or not wf> are to surrender the half million of
property we have placed upon that square,
and therefore it lias no place here upon an
appropriation bill.
Mr. KELLOGG. My impression is that
Congress in 18G6 or 1867, soon after the war,
abolished certain branch mints, among them
that at New Orleans. 1 do not propose by
any means to take issue with my honorable
friend from Ohio [Mr. TnuititAif] on the ques-
tion of reversion by non-user, but it seems to
me—and upon that ground I put it—that it is
duo to the city of New Orleans, due to the
State of Louisiana and contiguous States, that
the branch mint should be reestablished in
New Orleans: and as the Government has that
property and occupies it at the present moment
as a sub-Treasury, and as the machinery is
there all ready to be put into practical opera-
tion, common justice requires that the estab-
lishment should be again put into operation.
Especially is this the ease in view of the fact
that appropriations are being made in this very
bill for mint and assay offices, when the im-
mediate prospective .necessity certainly is not
greater.
I do not think my honorable friend from
Ohio understands just how this case is. I think
he will find, as I said just now, that there is
an act of Congress abolishing this mint. If
that be the case, then he says there is no
necessity for legislation because the property
has reverted to the city. I must lake issue
with him upon that point, because the Gov-
ernment is in possession. I understand the
Senator from Ohio to say that if it be true that
there has been an act of Congress abolishing
the mint, that act causes a reversion of the
property under this grant of cession.
Sir. THURMAN. That would depend ou
what the terms of the act were. If it was such
an abolition of the mint as evidenced the inten-
tion of Congress never to use that property
any more as a mint, certainly it would; but
if there was simply a failure to appropriate or
a failure to employ the mint for two or three
years, it would not be so.
Mr. KELLOGG. The provision of the
deed or act of cession that I read, and that the
honorable Senator himself has read, provides
in express terms that if it should hereafter be
deemed necessary by the Government to re-
move the mint contemplated by the act to
cease to occupy it for mint purposes, the act
should be null and void. Then if an act of
Congress was passed abolishing the mint, it
seems to me the city would be entitled to
the, reversion without any question of non-
user. The fact is, however, that the Govern-
ment occupies the building as a sub-Treasury
at the present moment; the Government occu-
pies it also as an office for the light-house
board, I believe. The city is absolutely de-
prived of any portion of her property, build-
ing, or ground, for I claim that the building
belongs to the city. The building is a fixture,
a part of the realty, and if the ground reverts
the building goes with it.
This amendment proposes to allow the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to remove or sell the
machinery at his discretion within six months,
and surrender the property to the authorities
of the city. All we ask is that the Govern-
ment shall either reestablish this branch mint
or give us back our propeity.
Mr. SHERMAN. Lhe amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Louisiana changes
entirely the proposition reported from tho
Committee on Finance. The proposition re-
ported by the Committee on Finance was to
simply surrender all the rights of the United
States to the building erected upon the prop-
erty. We did it upon the representation that
the building itself was of little value, that the
materials in the building probably were not
worth $20,000. The building is of brick, and
although it cost $300,000, yet we were told
the actual material when removed would
scarcely be of any value. Therefore, if
the United States had the right to remove
tho building it would not be advisable to do
it, especially as the United Stales had for
thirty years enjoyed the use of that property
without any rent, the United States now
using it for offices and other purposes entirely
disconnected with the idea of a mint.
But the second clause of this amendment is
entirely inconsistent with the first clause. The
first clause of the amendment provides that
the moveable property shall be taken out and
tho building surrendered to the city of New
Orleans ; but the last clause requires the Sec-
retary of the Treasury peremptorily within six
months to reestablish the mint.
Mr. KELLOGG. No; I will say to the
honorable Senator I had no intention of insist-
ing on that clause, which has been added since
I offered the amendment. I wasaboutto with-
draw it before the voting commenced.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator withdraws
the last clause, very well.
Mr. KE LLOGG. I will do so. I will say fur-
thermore, il the Senator will permit me, in all
candor, that my object has been to present the
alternative to the Secretary of the Treasury
either of reestablishing the branch mint or
surrendering the property to the city. I did
not care to ask for a surrender of the property
to the city if the Secretary should see that it
would be to the intereat of the city, the State,
and the General Government to continue the
mint. 1 was looking to the interests of the
Government as well as of the city. It was
only in common fairness that I thought the
alternative should be presented.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now will the Senator
let me go on and finish what I have to say ?
Mr. KELLOGG. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. That proposition is still
more indefensible than the other, if possible^
The Senator says to the Secretary '• We wiii
surrender the property unless within six months
you reestablish the mint," but he does not give
the Secretary of the Treasury any power to rees-
tablish the mint, does not give him any money
to run it or to improve it. Part of the walls arc
so defective that it could not be used as a mint
