1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
515
42d Cons....2d Sess.
Miscellaneous Appropriations—Mr. Starkweather.
Ho. or Reps.
United States is fully stated in the following
letter by Secretary Welles and accompanying
documents:
w Navy Department,
Washington, July 3,1868.
Sir: The act of Congress of March 2,1867, " mak-
ing appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending 30th June, 1868," enacts that44 the Secretary
of the Navy is hereby authorized and directed to
receive and accept a deed of gift, when offered by
the State of Connecticut, of a tract of land situated
on the Thames river, near New London, Connecti-
cut, with a water front of not less than one mile, to
be held by the United States for naval purposes."
In conformity with this requirement, " a tract of
land, situated on the Thames river, near New Lon-
don, Connecticut, with a water front of not less than
one mile," has been deeded to the United States,
and accepted for naval purposes.
The letter of his Excellency Governor English,
communicating the fact, and the letter of the Attor-
ney General in regard to it, are hereunto annexed.
The tract thus deeded is situated on the left bank
of the river Thames, and in order to render it useful
for naval purposes will require considerable expend-
iture.
No estimate was made for the custody and im-
provements which will be required to mate it avail-
able, but as it has passed into possession of theGov-
ernmcnt an appropriation becomes necessary for its
survey and a report of its adaptability for naval
purposes.
In this connection it may be proper to remark
that the Government has for years been prevented
from obtaining an extension of a waterfront at the
navy-yard at Charlestown, from local opposition,
although the extension has been deemed essential
to the efficiency of the yard ; and recently an act to
incorporate a private company to construct a bridge
across the harbor of Boston, below the navy-yard,
has been granted by the Legislature of Massachusetts.
Should this bridge be erected it would bo injurious
to the navy-yard, and doubtless cause a transfer of
a portion, at least, of the labor heretofore performed
at that yard, eventuating, perhaps, in its abandon-
ment for some other locality. In that event, this
donation by the State of Connecticut, which Con-
gress has directed shall be accepted for naval pur-
poses, may be made available as a substitute for the
yard at Charlestown, where local interosts have been
allowed to prevent the Government from acquir-
ing needed facilities for increasing its efficiency,
and where it is now threatened with great and seri-
ous detriment.
There is upon the property deeded near New
London a house and barn reserved for removal,
which the proprietor offers to transfer to the United
States for a reasonable sum. The property requires
some special attention, and it is also essential that a
complete and accurate survey of the grounds should
be made by a competent engineer, in order that the
.Department may act intelligently in furthering the
views of Congress." .An appropriation for these pur-
poses. and, if thought advisable, to purchase the
buildings above mentioned, is necessary, and I
would therefore recommend that $10,000 be appropri-
ated ior the objects herein set forth.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
GIDEON WELLES,
Secretary of the Navy,
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Speaker of the Bouse of Bepregentatives.
State op Connecticut,
Executive Department.
New Haven, May 22,1868.
Sir: The deeds of conveyance by the State of Con-
necticut and the city of New London, having been
made to the General Government by the proper com-
missioners on the part of the State and the proper
agents of the city of New London, of a tract of land
on the Thames river, near New London, for naval
purposes, agreeably to the act of the General Assem-
bly of the State of Connecticut, passed at its May
session. 1867, in conformity with the act of the Con-
gress of the United States, approved March 2, 1867,
authorizing the Secretary of the Navy " to receive
and accept a deed of gift when offered by the State,"
of such tract of land and the jurisdiction thereto,
and said deeds of conveyance having been properly
executed and delivered, the same are hereby offered
to the United States for receival and acceptance
by the Secretary of the Navy, as provided by said
act of Congress and the laws of this State relating
thereto. .
Witness my hand and official seal, at New Haven,
r in said State of Connecticut, this 22d day
U.s.] 0f May, A. D. 1868.
JAMES E.ENGLISH.
By his Excellency the Governor: 
R. W. WRIGHT,
Executive Secretary,
Hon. Gideon Welles, Secr-etary of the Navy.
Attorney General's Office.
Washington, June 26,1868.
Sis; i have carefully examined the papers sub-
mitted with your letter of the 25th of Maj; last,
respecting certain land situated on the east side of
the Thames river, near the city of New London, in
the State of Connecticut, for which a deed convey-
ing the same to the United Statesfor naval purposes
has been executed by the authorities of the city and
State aforesaid, in pursuance of areoent act of the
local Legislature, and offered to you for acceptance.
The aot of March 2,1867, (14 Statute, page 489,) con-
fers upon you ample authority, indeed makes it your
duty, to accopt the deed thus offered; and when this
is done, in my opinion, the United States will there-
by become vested with a good and valid title to the
premises for the purposes above mentioned.
The papers are returned herewith.
I hare the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
0. H. BROWNING, -
Attorney General ad \nterim.
Hon. Gideon Welles, Secretary of the Navy.
The Secretary of the Navy, in his able re-
port to Congress at the beginningof its second
session, called our attention to this subject,
and urged upon Congress immediate action.
He says:
"The great defect in most of our yards is want of
land area and available water front sufficient to do
even their present work to advantage.
"Buildings and machinery of every description
are cramped and crowdcd together, interfering with
their proper use, causing great expense of both time
and money, and, from the close proximity of work-
shops and inflammable material, exposing thewhole
to great risk. In oaso of firo nothing but the most
favorable circumstances would prevent a general
destruction of everything in the yard; and great
vigilance is required and constant expense incurred
to guard against a general conflagration of houses,
ships, and material."
And again, the Secretary says in his last
report:
MI would also again press the suggestions made
last year in regard to the importance of removing
our large working yards from their present situation
• in tho midst of populous and growing cities, and oall
attention again to the necessities of tho service and
the obligations of the Government in regard to the
League Island portion of the Philadelphia station,
and to that at New London."
At the commencement of the Forty-First
Congress, in December, 1809, the honorable
gentleman from the Brooklyn district, New
York, [Mr. Slocum,] in accordance with the
recommendation of the Secretary, and on the
suggestion of influential citizens of Brooklyn,
introduced a bill for the removal of that )ard,
and it was referred in tho House to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs; and after the most
careful examination the committee came to
the conclusion that the interest of the Gov-
ernment required its removal.
This view was supported by testimony and
letters from a number of officers connected
with the Navy whose opinions should have
great weight. Among these I received a letter
from Mr. King, chief of the Bureau of Steam
Engineering, dated March 19, 1870. The fol-
lowing are extracts covering the most import-
ant points of the letter:
"I was chief engineer of that yard from April, 1858,
to April, 1861, and again from June 1,1865? to Juno
1. 1867. As this latter term commenced just alter
the close of the war, when improvements to a con-
siderable extent were being mado in the yard, and at
a time when a large number of ships, returning
home, had to be laid up, and others repaired and re-
fitted for service on foreign squadrons, I had ample
opportunity to witness its many defects and to form
tolerably correct conclusions as to whattUe Navy
really needs in the way of dock-yard facilities. In
addition to my experience at this yard, I have at
various times visited and examined all tho navy-
yards of our own country, the principal engine fac-
tories and iron-mills, and have also examined and
reported on the dock-yards and iron-works of Great
Britain and France.
"The site of tbo Brooklyn navy-yard is, in my
judgment, the most unfavorable possible for such a
naval establishment as the present necessities of the
Navy require, and its facilities wholly inadequate
for the demands made upon them. When located
the Navy was very small, and prior to the use of
steam it served the purposes of its projectors as a
ship-yard to build, repair, and equip a few wooden
sailing vessels; but as the Navy increased it became
necessary to erect more buildings, and these,forcon-
venience at the time, were located without regard to
future requirements, and, upon the introduction of
steam, machine-shops, founaeries, boiler-shops, and
various other buildings were erected, not in desir-
able localities, but inauch positions as d^id not inter-
fere with those already in use; and the introduction
of armored vessels rendered it necessary to still fur-
theradd to the number of workshops. As a conse-
quence of the want of system with which the various
workshops havo from time to time been ercoted, not
one of the forty-six buildings is properly located in
the yard, nor in a convenient position with regard
to others. Besides this irremediable defect in locat-
ing the various buildings, nearly all are entirely
uusuited for economically constructing or repairing
the heavy work required at the present day tor na-
val purposes, nor is the yard supplied with suitable
facilities for the transportation of heavy material
and stores from the shops to the vessels ortnee verta,
or from one shop to another. Indeed, so deficient is
it in improved mechanical appliances for transport-
ation that this item alone, during the year 1865, eost
no less than $131,722 82.
"Tho second objection is the very limited water
front. As a consequence of this, many vessels are
crowded together in different localities, far removed
from the mechanical works, and difficult of access,
frcquentlyrendering the employment of boats neces-
sary to transport the workmen to and from their
labor, thus incurring great inconvenience, useless
expense, and loss of time; besides, the danger of
lire to vessels crowded in a small area is greatly
augmented.
" The third objection is, the filling up of the stream
yearly, more and more, from tho accumulation of
deposits from tho East river, and from the two sewers
which drain a large part of Brooklyn and Williams-
burg. subjecting tho Government to a yearly heavy
expense for dredging. Beside the expenseand incon-
venience of this, the stagnating feculence from the
city sewers has a destructive ouect on the copper of
vessels, and renders the atmosphere impure.
" The fourth objection is, there is but one dry-doek;
another is needed, and there is no proper place to
looate it.
"The fifth is, there is no adjacent convenient
loads toad where vessels can anchor while in com-
mission.
"Sixth, it is surrounded by a large city; bad men
find acoess to tho pay-rolls of the yard; thieving is
common, and the expense of police thereby largely
increased.
"The only remedy forthedefects enumerated will
be found in removal to a proper looality where a
yard can be laid out and constructed on clear ground,
commensurate with the future wants of our Navy*
The area of land belonging to the yard, exclusive
of the hospital grounds, is one hundred and ninety-
two acres. It would be very valuable for manufac-
turing, commercial, and other purposes, and the
removal of the yard would be a mutual benefit to
the Government and the people of Brooklyn. In
addition to the land, tho dock and buildings could
be disposed of for a very large sum. In the event
of a decision for removal, all the eastern portion
of the ground now unoccupied could be sold, and
tho tunas made available, without interfering with
work in the yard.
"The British Government has found it more eco-
nomical to create new dock-yards than to recon-
struct old ones. After the introduction of steam
into the navy, that Government built a separate
yard, adjoining the Devonport yard, for the especial
purpose of constructing, repairing, and fitting steam
machinery. This yard has two large basins and
three stone dry-docks, also all needed works, facil-
ities, and appliances for rapid execution of construc-
tion and repair. Since the introduction of iron ves-
sels and armored ships it has prepared the Chatham
dock-yard on the river Med way for that purpose;
not by gradual process ol secretion, partly ot per-
manent and partly of make-shift additions, but by
adding an island of three hundred acres to the old
yard, and there erecting the necessary works/'
In this connection I desire to quote from the
report of the chief of the Bureau of Yards and
Docks, as showing not only the unsuitableness
of the Brooklyn yard for a naval establishment,
but it states very forcibly the advantages of the
site on the Thames river, near New London,
Connecticut, for a first-class navy-yard. He
says :
"To mako a considerable naval station near New
London seems, in every point of view, advantageous.
In order to do so, however, it would be worth while
to have a full survey made, extending from ju?t
above the town to at least one mile above the present
proposed site for the yard, so as to be able to seiegt
the pointnaturally the most advantageous and look-
ing to the construction of an extensive fresh-water
basin for iron-clads.
" In the construction of works of great magnitude
too much carc cannot be taken in fixing upon t&e
site having the greatest natural advantages, even
when most favorably located.t The cost-of works of
this description is great, and is added to almost be-
yond belief when the location is disadvantageous.
At the present time no appropriation is asked for
beginning the work.
"The location of the navy-yard at Brooklyn.New
York, has long been considered unfortunate. The
water front available is quite limited, theWallabout
channel narrow and subject to extraordinary depos-
its of dirt and washings-in by sewers, so as to render
the continual use of dredging-maohines necessity,
at a large annual cost, in order to maintain ac-
quired depth of water. At this important-station ja
the harbor of the commercial metropolis of the na-
tion there are always numbers of vessels of war neces-
sarily crowded together and exposed to imminent
danger from fire, the yard being adjacent to build-
ings o f various oharaeters, among the number a large
gas-house.
