4152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
later rule, aud therefore the controlling rale,
as has been frequently decided by the Senate;
but as the Senator from Kansas states, it can
be suspended, like all other joint rules, by the
action of both branches.
. Mr. POMBROY. The embarrassment with
me in regard to a called session is this: at
the beginning of every session we must arrange
Our committeesy aud if we have a called ses-
sion the committees of this body, will have to
be elected over again, and then there are com-
mittees of- conference appointed, which have
not yet reported,.and'I doubt whether a com-
mittee of conference appointed now, that does
not report at this session, can report'at a new
session. That is the point I am not clear
about. I would not give that as my opinion ;
but as we have got to arrange all other com-
mittees at the opening of a session, I am
inclined to think we should have to appoint
new committees of conference; but I will not
say that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Michigan insist on the motion to lay
on the table?
Mr. CHANDLER. I shall renew it in a
iHQment. Both Houses can rescind the rule
to which the Senator from California refers, in
a moment. That has no weight whatever, be-
cause it is in the power of both Houses to re-
scind it immediately. I now renew my motion
to lay this subject on the table, and on that 1
ask for the yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan moves that the adjournment
resolution and the amendments be laid on the
table, the effect of which will be, if adopted,
to call up the appropriation bill, upon which
the Senator from California [Mr. Cole] will
be entitled to the floor ; but the Senator from
Michigan gives notice that he will also move
to lay that on the table in order to consider
the conference report on the steamboat bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 3G ; as iollows :
YEAS—Messrs. Amos, Blair, Boreman, Cameron,
Chandler Flanagan, Iiarlan, Kellogg. Morton, Os-
boro, Pool, Rice; Scott, anil Spencer—14.
- NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, B.tyard, Casserly, Cole,
Conkling, Cooper, Corbett, Dnvisof West Virginia,
I'erry of Connecticut,, i'relinghuysen, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton ot Texas, Hill, Hitchcock,
Johnston, Kelly, Logan, Morrill of Vermont, Nor-
wood, Nye, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ransom, Robertson,
Salisbury, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Stockton,
Thurmaii, Tipton, Trumbull, Viekers, West, Win-
do ui, and Wright—3(j.
ABSKNT—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Caldwell. Carpenter, Clayton, Cragm, Davis
of Kentucky, Edmunds, Fcnton, Ferry oi Michigan,
Gilbert, (xoldthwaite, Hamlin, Howe, Lewis,Morrill
ol Maine. Patterson, Ramsey, Sawyer, Schurz, Ste-
venson, Sumner, and Wilson—^4.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs ou the amendment to the substitute
offered by the Senator from Minnesota, [Mr.
Wjndom,] striking out "Tuesday, the 4th
instant, at five o'clock," and inserting " Mon-
day, the 10th of June, at noon,'-' on which the
yeas and nays have beeu ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 34 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Boreman, Chandler, Cor-
bett, terry of Connecticut, Hill, Hitchcock, Logan,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Osboi-n, Rice,
Sherman, Sumner, Windom, and Wright—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Cole, Conkling,
Cooper, Davis of West Virginia, Ferry ot Michigan,
Jilariagaii, Irelinghuysen, Uoldthwaite. Hamilton
ol Maryland, Hamilton oi Texas, Johnston, Kellogg,
Lewis, Norwood, Poilieroy, Pratt', Ramsey, Ran-
som, Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz, Seott, Spencer,
Sprague. istevenson, Stewart, Stockton, Ttiurmau,
Iipton.Trumbull, Vicliers, and West—34.
ABSLNT^-Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Blair, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter,
Clayton, Cragm, Uavis of Kentucky, Edmunds, J?en-
tyivt,.llbaU- -Hamlin, Harlan, Howe, Kelly, Morrill
ot Maine, Patterson, Pool, Sawyer, and Wilson—23.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the substitute of the Senator from
Delaware, fixing Tuesday next at five o'clock
p. m. for the final adjournment.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to inquire of
the Senator from Delaware what his views are
in offering that as a substitute? The appro-
priation bill now pending is perhaps the most
tedious of all, and I am informed by a refer-
ence to -the Globe it will appear that the
House were seven days in passing that bill.
It is miscellaneous in its character, and for
that very reason the most tedious of all the
appropriation bills. If we were to begin
now we could hardly conclude that bill by
the time named, and of course everything
else would have to receive the go-by. That
would result simply in making it necessary
for the President to call an extra session
of Congress. The Senator hardly desires to
create that necessity. I hope the President
will not be put in that position. I trust both
Houses of Congress intend to stay here long
enough to do the necessary business, that
that will be done promptly, and that then we
we shall go home. I am anxious to get away
from here, and I shall do everything in my
power to hasten the adjournment of Congress,
but not until the necessary business has been
transacted. We have remained here every
night this week for the purpose of accom-
plishing it.
Yesterday a political debate was thrown in
here unexpectedly and undesired. The Sen-
ator was not responsible for that perhaps any
more than I was. I do not hold his friends
responsible for it. But a debate of a peculiar
and of a violent character was thrown in here.
It may perhaps be necessary to make some
short response to that. For one, I do not
wish to do so ; but, leaving that entirely out
of view, we cannot transact the necessary busi-
ness between this and Tuesday evening at five
o'clock. Therefore, I want to know why it is
the Senator from Delaware proposes to put in
that hour.
Mr. BAYARD. The answer is very easy.
The measure which took so long a time to
discuss has been passed by the House, and
they have proved their anxiety and desire for
a short session by the number and character
of the votes they have cast upon the subject.
Their resolution sent to us shows their desire
to get away at the earliest possible moment.
In that desire I heartily concnr. When they
fix Tuesday I, not knowing the character of
the measures they have passed, presume they
have exercised an intelligent judgment and
understand what can be done within the time
•which they themselves have selected for the
purpose. I look upon the vote of the House
as indicating the wishes of a body favorable
by a large majority to an early adjournment,
in which wish I and those gentlemen with
whom I act on this floor most heartily concur.
As to my desiring an extra session, I can
set the Senator's mind at rest on that subject
shoukHie indeed have any doubt about it. If
a special session is caused, it will be the act
of the Administration and the act of the
triends of the Administration alone. Thanks
to the presence of the minority party in this
Chamber, thanks to their course on the night
when the tariff bill was passed, it did pass the
Senate and got into its present condition for
consideration. I do not say, thanks to them
alone; but without them the majority-party,
left to itself alone, certainly would have still
delayed the passage of that measure, and they
probably would have been discussing it until
to-night.
Therefore, I say I am willing to take the
judgment of the House as to the possibility
of the work we can accomplish between now
and next Tuesday, that we can go over the
ground which they have gone over and accept
the measures which they have passed by next
Tuesday night. By that time, should a fur-
ther prolongation of twenty-four hours become
necessary, i presume it will be acceded to.
But the proposition before us was whether we
should accept the proposition of the House to
adjourn on Tuesday evening or whether we
should rescind our own resolution and leave
the whole matter open for a prolonged ses-
sion to extend through the entire summer.
Of the two I prefer the House resolution, and
I do not think the Senator has the least doubt
in his own mind that I and those with whom
I act have done everything we could in the
fullest good faith toward an early adjourn-
ment of Congress.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, we must be
presumed to understand the condition of busi-
ness in the Senate a little better than tiie
House understands the condition of business in
this body. I certainly give them credit for
understanding their business better than we
understand it.
Now, sir, it must be obvions to every Sen-
ator, it seems to me, that we-cannot pass this
appropriation bill, have it go to a committee
of conference, as it inevitably will, then pass
theriverand harborbill, and transact the other
business that is necessary to be transacted,
between this and nextTnesday evening at five
o'clock. If we are satisfied of that, we should
not fix that hour for adjournment unless we
want to drive the President to call an extra
session. If we do fix that hour, it will be
because we want to drive the President to do
that.
Now, I wish to say that the Senators on the
other side have shown a willingness hereto-
fore to Gonclude the business of Congress, and
to adjourn at an early day. They did work
faithfully on the tariff bill until three o'clock
in the morning; but the most of those on the
other side did the same thing. There were
several who seemed to throw some obstacles
in the way, but the great body of Republicans
on this floor worked faithfully and stayed here,
and we succeeded in passing that bill.
The Senator says that if an extra session is
made necessary the Administration party on
this floor is responsible. I answer the Sena-
tor, no. The speeches made here yesterday
were not in the interest of the Administra-
tion ; they were not made by those who are
supporting the Administration. They were in
hostility to the Administration ; and I appre-
hend they were enjoyed much better on that
side of the House than they were on the
other. The profit that they will hereafter
realize from these speeches I imagine will be
very readily and very easily calculated. We
had hoped to go on with the appropriation
bill yesterday, and if we had done so, and if
there had been no interruption of this kind, we
could have adjourned probably on Tuesday
evening. But we were not responsible for
those speeches being made and that particular
debate being thrown in.
A resolution was offered yesterday to re-
scind the resolution of adjournment, and ob-
jection was made by the Senator from Mary-
land even to its reception upon that day. I
believe that objection was afterward with-
drawn; but there was no attempt made to
consider it yesterday. It simply went on the
Calendar, and would have been allowed to go
no further.
But now we come down to the single propo-
sition: if we fix the time for adjournment on
Tuesday evening it is equivalent to the decla-
ration that we want the President to call an
extra session. I have no doubt the President
will do his duty, whatever he understands it
to be. Let us do ours. What is it? It is that
we shall stay here until the necessary business
of Congress is transacted, and that without
reference either to personal convenience or
to political considerations. I am prepared to
stay that long, although I stay with -great per-
sonal inconvenience, and I hope all others will
concur with me.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to ask (he
senator from Indiana one question before he
closes. Do I understand the Senator, whom
we all recognize as one of the chiefs of his
party, to speak by authority when he says that
a resolution to adjourn upou Tuesday next at
