3256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9-
He announces at this peculiar period, just
after the rising of the mighty association upon
the beautiful Ohio at Cincinnati, what the
policy is of the party that has recently con-
vened there, or if not that to the fullest ex-
tent, he foreshadows that which we are to be
enlightened with at an early period, about the
9th of July, in Baltimore. There can be no
mistake about the issue presented here. I
meet it, and I am gratified to have an oppor-
tunity to do so. He says, "Away with the
colored people;" I believe in his remarks he
is not even so soft as to accord to them the
title of "people of color;'' but "away with
the negroes" Well, that sounds very well
with his people; it is very pretty, all under-
stood, wholly consistent, and entirely honest.
But, sir, I am reminded that it has been but
a few hours since we have heard the word
"commerce" continually used here. Com-
merce has been held up in the Senate, every
man rallying under the bright auspices of that
great word. Let my friend from Missouri
recollect when he alludes to commerce or in-
dorses it in any sense of the word again, that
commerce lias a slight interest also in the
proposition that he so broadly submits to the
American people. What have the colored
people done in the last year and in the pre-
vious year ? In the previous year the cotton
Stales produced nearly five million bales of
cotton. Who produced thein ? The whit.'
man ? No, sir. The white man, to his credit
be it said, did participate ; he made a portion
of it ; but he brought to the cotton fields only
a small portion of that great, extended labor
that gave to tho American nation nearly five
million bales of cotton worth perhaps $300,-
000,000. What, have they done m the last
year? For the last year the crop is a shoit
one ; it is only about three millions bales
all told. What is it worth ? At one hundred
dollars a hale $300,01)0.000, and that is a
mQderaie estimate.
Then there are $1)00.000,000 that the col-
ored race has contributed to the commerce of
your counlry. 1 ask whether ill the absence
of ibat $300,000,000 you could ever have dared
to repeal llie duty on tea and coffee? You
could not, have done so, because there is a
debtduo by the American people which sprang
diieclly—ii.cannot be sanl thai, I,his is not ger-
mane to this subject, fur it, us strict ly germane—■
from the rebellion ol the South that caused
that debt, and we as honest men have to meet
it. Thus it is that wo could not do without
that commerce.
But let me say a few words further to my
friend from Missouri upon that branch of the
subject, and it may to some exlent relieve
him i hope. It seems there is a dilliculty pre-
senting it.self as to the matter of the disposi
tion of the colored race, ft is rather a late
peiiod, to say the least of it, to dispose of I he
colored race, to get the races separated. The
friction already has been pretty close, and it
has made its marks, and they cannot boblolted
out. But, sir, it lie is tired of them in .Mis-
souri, and they are as tired of him and his
party as f take it for granted they are if he
does not retrace bis steps, or they for him,
taking the matter into their hands, just let linn
intimate to them that, if they will come down
to Texas each and every man will be provided
with one hundred and sixty acres of land.
Our constitution authorizes me to say that.
We will receive them, and I will give them
the right hand of fellowship upon any and all
occasions a thousand times m preference to
one of your Ku Klux, that 1 hope you will
keep at home if you have got any of them
there. [Laughter.] There is the difference
I see between those two classes.
Sir, 1 do not want to drive the colored race
from the country. What sins have they com-
mitted? Are we, not liberal here now in the
proposition of general amnesty to white rebels
will a lew exceptions? The blackmail has
not sinned. Is there a man here who can say
conscientiously that they whom we are pro-
posing to amnesty have not sinned ? The
colored people will compare very well with
them on that line, either at this moment or at
any other.
While I am on the subject of amnesty, what
am I authorized to say ? That which I have
heard declared here time and again by learned
Senators who are familiar with the subject,
and feebly I have stated it myself, that they
are not all entitled to amnesty; yet upon
liberal principles we are disposed to give it to
them. I heard it said by the distinguished
Senator from Indiana [Mr. Pratt] this morn-
ing in his address that the time had arrived
for amnesty. That is liberal in itself. What
are the nv-tes and bounds, except the good-
ness of his own heart, inviting him to say that
that time has arrived ? Are there any evi-
dences of repentance aside from those who
have petitioned? And tell me to whom the
answer has been given, " Depart ye wicked,
1 know ye not," after having petitioned ? They
have always been well received, and they will
continue to be.
Again, it is stated that those of us who ad-
vocate the measure of the distinguished Sen-"
ator from Massachusetts have no intention
ultimately to vote relief to those who claim to
be oppressed, or rather their political friends
who wish to use (hem proclaim that for them,
because they scorn the idea of asking for
amnesty. Am I authorized to say so? 1 think
I am, and t,o prove this let me read a very
short paragraph which I find in this morning's
Chronicle:
"In a recent letter Jeff'. Davis says that whatever
tho future m; y bring, tho heroic struggle of the
southern people in the icbolhon will fill a bright
ami glorious page mhisLoiy ; ' provided they do not
di.-.gr:ico, dishonor, and brand themselves as crim-
inals by accepting amnesty.'"
Thus speaks Jeff Davis, and it is known
who Jeff. i)avis is. He asks no relief, and says
those who h ive sympathized with him hereto-
fore brand themselves as criminals, degraded,
debased to the lowest degree, if they accept
that which gentlemen here say we arc bound
to accord to them. 1 say that I am not ex-
tremely anxious to accord it to them ; but
when I do so, 1 will on all occasions see to it
that justice is done to the colored race. 1 fear
not the responsibility. 1 was born and raised
in a southern Slate, and never expect to live
out,of one ; jet, I fearlessly maintain that, this
is the true policy, it is honesty ; and those are
file polar stars that shall govern me in the
present action on the part ol tho Senate. 1 say
justice to the colored man demands it. Justice
does not demand it on behalf of the rebellious
spirits whom it is now intended to benefit.
All these things considered, it is clear to me
that it is proper we should take up the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts and
dispose of it. As to the charge hurled against
us hereof insincerity, that we do not intend to
vole for amnesty, we need not be alarmed
when we know what our motives are. I know
mine are pure, and I have no right to suppose
that the motives of any other Senator are im-
pure. I have not consulted with others, nor
had any concerted action as to anything per-
taining to this matter, first or last. 1 repre-
sent myself; but I have the charity to suppose
that each Senator occupying a like position is
similarly situated. In due time, sir, after
securing the colored man the rights that are
proposed to bf! guarantied to him in this bill, I
have no doubt all will be right.
But, says my distinguished friend from Mis-
souri, it is unnecessary to urge and pass this
bill; it never can go into effect; the Lord of
heaven and Creatorof all will control that mat-
ter. I in my humble position will never raise
an issue with anything that perlains remotely to
the will of the blessed God, if I am aware of
it. I meet the Senator upon that proposition,
and say they are in good hands, and will be
well taken care of; but we have a duty to per-
form at the same time.
I recollect that the great Cromwell,on one
occasion, when surrounded by his courtierg
and I presume by such distinguished ones as
my friend from Missouri, and they were telling
him that the God of nations was upon his side,
and that he would be blessed and victorious,
replied, " All that may be very true ; but, boys,
keep your powder dry; keep it dry." Now,
I say to American Senators, let the Lord dis-
pose of this matter as He may please,, and when
done, it will be correct; butin the mean time,
so far as you are concerned, keep your powder
dry.
Let us do the colored people justice while we
have it in our power thus to act. I will vote
for amnesty after that at any moment, leaving
out the distinguished gentleman whose opinion
I have just read and some others, with some
little amendments that are spoken of. I shall
vote for this amendment with a great deal of
pleasure. I am under no obligation to rebels lo
cometo their relief. Idoso, though, inasmuch
as it seems to be the spirit of the great Repub-
lican party. I will then go into the canvass that
we are inaugurating and likely to participate in
very warmly. We do not know whether we
are going to fight one or two, and so far as I
am concerned it does not matter. Let them all
come ; liberate them ail, if you will, and we
will only have the greater host to ride over,
and victory will be ours if we conduct ourselves
right.
Mr. FEIIRY, of Connecticut. Mr. Presi-
dent, I suppose the precise question now is
upon the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts to the original bill.
'Jhe PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) That is the pending
question.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Is it in order
now to move to amend tlie amendment'?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, h is.
Mr. KELLOGG. Not until three o'clock.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I can move
to amend now. We are to vote at three
o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is clearly
in order.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I move, then,
to amend the amendment in the first section,
line nine, by striking out all alter the word
"amusement," down to and including the
word "law," in the thirteenth line, the words
thus struck out being :
By trustees, commissioners, superintendents,
teachers, and oilier officers of common schools and
ol her public institutions oflearning, the same being
supported by moneys derived from generaf taxa-
tion, or authorized by faw.
The object of my amendment is to exclude
schools and institutions of learning from the
scope of the amendment of the Senator fiotn
Massachusetts. Before I address myself to
the amendment I wish to say a few words upon
the geneial provis.ons of the bill offered as a
substitute, not at any great length, because on
a former occasion I stated to the Senate the
general objections which 1 had to this bill as
it was presented at that time by the Senator
from Massachusetts.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] yes-
terday stated, and stated almost for the first
time in the course of the numerous debates
on this subject, the real fact in regard to the
scope of this bill of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. It is not a bill to give new rights.
No new rights will exist after it shall have be-
come a law. The "civil rights" spoken of
in its title are rights which we ail, I think,
agree appertain to every American citizen ; at
any rate so far as regards the two branches
first mentioned in the first section of the bill,
a right not to be "excepted or excluded on
account of race or color from the full and
equal enjoyment of any accommodation,
advantage, facility, or piivilege, furnished
by innkeepers" or "by common carriers,
whether on land or water." Every citizen
now has that right, no matter what his color,
race, or previous condition; and the Senator
