2860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
. Mr; SHERMAN. I should have 110 objec-
tion to such aa amendment as that. The bill
was prepared rather with a view to the Chicago
fire. Such an amendment might in particular
cases work a great hardship, because the in-
surance companies might have failed. This bill
goes upon the general principle that where the
spirits do not enter into consumption, no
liability should be incurred for taxes. The
6ame principle is now in the customs law and
always has been the general law of the land.
Where goods subject to customs duty are de-
stroyed under similar circumstanoes, the duty
is remitted.
Mr. PRATT. In the case to which I have
referred, if Mr. Farrell should succeed in re-
covering from the insurance company one half
of the value of the spirits destroyed, it would
be inequitable that he should not pay a portion
at least of the tax on those spirits. I simply
make the suggestion to the chairman whether
there should not be an amendment of that
character to this general bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think not. I think
where the spirits are still in the custody of the
Government, do not enter into consumption
at all, and the loss is by the act of God or cas-
ualty without the fault of the party, he ought
not in any case to be required to pay the tax.
That is the provision of the general customs
law. I think in the case of the Chicago fire
such an amendment as is suggested would
work irreparable injury to parties, because in
many cases the insurance companies liave
failed or disputed their liability. On the whole
I think it is but equitable that the United
States should forbear to claim taxes when the
spirits have been destroyed and have not en-
tered into consumption. So I think the bill
had better stand as it is.
Mr. POMEROY. I think each case of this
sort, of the destruction of a building, ought to
stand 011 its own merits. If those parties want
relief let each case be presented separately,
and let the claimants be relieved separately.
I do not think the Government ought to be-
come a great insurer of everything that a
distiller may put into a bonded warehouse.
If the bill were confined to the Chicago fire
simply, I would not object to it, but here you
have got a general bill making the Govern-
ment a great insurer for all the property in
bonded warehouses.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all. The Senator
must be aware that the Government does not
pay the distiller anything at all. It simply
says that under the circumstances it will not
collect the tax.
Mr. POMEROY. I know that; but it vir-
tually does so when it absolves him from pay-
ing what the law requires him to pay.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all. I ask the
Senator, would lie himself require a distiller to
pay a tax of fifty cents a gallon on spirits that
were destroyed while they were in his posses-
sion? That is the ease now before us.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not think I should
be very conscientious about it in the ease of a
man who has been distilling whisky for the
last few years, and has cheated the Govern-
ment out of half the revenue it ought to have
got. I do not believe, myself, that the Gov-
ernment ought to pass a general law by which
these parties should be relieved. In a case
like the Chicago fire, or any individual case
that I can understand, I might be willing to
vote relief, and very likely I would ; but a
sweeping general law of this kind, where there
can be collusion between insurance agents and
the men who have the custody of this whisky,
is open to innumerable objections, I think.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have provided against
that. However, the Senate can decide the
matter.
Mr. POMEROY. J do not believe in any
such law as that, myself.
Mr. CON&LING. It may he that I do not
understand the scope, or rather the limits of
this bill; but I am as unable as the Senator
from Kansas to see the wisdom of its adop-
tion 
Mr. LOGAN. I am satisfied this will cause
further discussion, and I claim the right to
proceed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is subject to
objection.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish to debate
it at any length, but I should like an explana-
tion of one or two provisions of the bill.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not wish to take the
Senator off the floor; but there are one or two
others, I learn, who wish to debate the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. That is quite right; I
take no exception to that; but when this bill
comes up, I wish to be heard.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will resume
its place on the Calendar.
senator from north carolina.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate re-
sumes the consideration of the North Carolina
contested-election case. The Secretary will
read the resolution reported by the committee.
The Secretary read the resolution reported
by the Committee on Privileges and Elections,
as follows:
Resolved, That Joseph 0. Abbott, not having re-
ceived a majority of the votes oast by the North Caro-
lina Legislature on the second Tuesday in November,'
1870, for the office of Senator of the United States,
is not entitled to a seat in said United States Senate
as such Senator.
Mr. CARPENTER. I move to amend the
resolution by offering as a substitute the reso-
lution reported by the minority of the com-
mittee, as follows:
That Joseph C. Abbott has been duly elected Sen-
ator from the State of North Carolina for the term
of six years, commencing on the 4th day of March,
1871, and that he is entitled to a seat in the Senate
as such Senator.
Mr. LOGAN addressed the Senate in sup-
port of the resolution reported by the commit-
tee. [His speech will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. CARPENTER obtained the floor.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Wisconsin,
I think, will not desire to enter on his speech
to-night, and as the Senate would not wish to
adjourn at this early hour, I suggest that the
diplomatic appropriation bill has been before
the Senate, reported for some time. It is a
mere formal bill, and will excite no discussion
whatever, and it will take but a short time to
read it. _ I have spoken to several Senators,
and I think the Senate unanimously will be
glad to have it disposed of; and I ask that, the
present order be laid aside informally that we
may take up that bill, and I am quite sure we
can dispose of it within thirty minutes.
Mr. CARPENTER. It being the under-
standing that this matter will have its place at
one o'clock to-morrow?
Mr. COLE. Certainly.
correction os an error.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Soon
in the chair,) laid before the Senate a con-
current resolution:
Revolved, (the Senate concurring.) That House bill
ko. 2031." for the relief of Peck, Van Horn & Co.,
ot Harrison county. State of Kentucky," be cor-
rected and enrolled for Peck, Van Hook & Co., that
being the proper name and style of the firm for
whom the relief is intended.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask the Senate to
let that resolution be put on its passage. It
merely corrects a name in a bill which has
already been passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What was the nature of
the bill?
Mr. STEVENSON. Itwasa bill that passed
both the House and Senate, appropriating
money to pay a claim to a certain firm, and
the name of one of the firm was misspelled.
. Mr. HOWE. The effect of the bill was
simply to relieve these gentlemen from the
payment of a Government tax on some dis-
tilled liquors which were burned while under
bond.
Mr. STEVENSON. This resolution, I gay
to my friend from Vermont, is merely to cor-
rect an error.
The resolution was concurred in.
order 01 BUSINESS.
Mr. COLE. I ask unanimous consent to
proceed with the consular and diplomatic
appropriation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Scott.)
The Senator from California asks that the
pending order be laid aside to proceed with'
the hill indicated by him. Is there any objec-
tion?
Mr. FENTON. Let me inquire what effect
it has on the special order, Senate bill No. 2 ?
Mr. COLE. It does not displace it.
Mr. FENTON. If it does not affect that,
I have no objection. Do I understand that it
does not misplace Senate bill No. 2?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that the Senator from California
asks consent that the pending proposition, the
resolution in regard to the North Carolina
election, be informally laid aside.
E. NELSON GEBIi.
Mr. FENTON. I ask the Senator from
California to give way until I make a report
from a conference committee.
Mr. COLE. Certainly.
Mr. FENTON submitted the following re-
port :
The committee of conference on tho disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 1228)
for the relief of R. Nelson Gere, having met, after
fall and free conference have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their respective Houses as
follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the first amendment of tho Senate, and agree to
the same.
That the Senate recede from their second amend-
ment.
R. E. FENTON.
JAMBS W. NYE,
H. G. DAVIS,
Managers on the part of the Senatz,
CHARLES FOSTER,
W. E. LANSING,
JOHN T. HARRIS,
Managers on the part of the Home,
The report was concurred in.
committee service.
Mr. THURMAN. I am told that I was ap-
pointed on a committee of conference on the
bill in relation to the pay of the widow of
Judge McKinney. I was not in the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary when it was considered,
nor in the Senate when it passed. It will be
very inconvenient for me to attend on that
committee. I ask to be excused.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Ohio asks to be excused from service
on the committee of conference on the bill (H.
R. No. 1866) for the relief of Mrs. Frances A.
McKinney.
The question being put, Mr. Thcrmax was
excused.
consular and diplomatic bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 1823)
making appropriations for the consular and
diplomatic service of tho Government for the
year ending June 30, 1873, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. COLE. I suggest that the amendments
reported by the Committee on Appropriations
be acted upon as they are reached in the read-
ing of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, If there be
no objection, that course will be pursued.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
lhe first amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 2, in the clause
making appropriations for ministers resident,
line seventeen, to strike out the words "also
accredited to," after "Nicaragua" and be-
fore 1 uauternala ;" and in lines twenty and
twenty-one,to increase the appropriation from
$112,500 to $142,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out
