1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2861
lines thirty-one and thirty-two, in the following
words:
For salary of the private amanuensis of Robert
C. Schenck, minister to Great Britain, $2,500.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
To enable Robert C. Sohenok, minister to Great
Britain, to employ a private amanuensis, according
to j oint resolution approved January 11,1871, $2,600.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out
lines thirty-nine and forty, in the following
words:
For salary of secretary of legation to Peru, $1,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 3, line
forty-two, to insert the word "and" before
the words "Great Britain;" after the words
" Great Britain," to strike out the words "and
Germany;" and also, in line forty-three, to
strike out " six" and iusert " four;" so as to
make the clause read:
For salaries of assistant secretaries of the lega-
tions to France and Great Britain, at $2,000 each,
$4,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 3, line
forty-seven, after the word "legation," to in-
sert the words "and consulate general;" so
that the clause will read:
For salary of the interpreter of the United States
legation and consulate general in Turkey, $3,000;
and on and after the passage of this act the duties
of secretary of legation shall be performed by the
consul general at Constantinople.  
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 3, in
the clause making appropriation for the com-
pensation of charg6s d'affaires ad interim,
and for compensation of diplomatic officers
of the United States abroad, after the word
"abroad," in line fifty-five, to strike out the
following words:
In the interval between the appointment of their
successor and his presentation, or of their recall,
and for so many days thereafter as are actually and
necessarily consumed in an uninterrupted, direct
transit to the United States, for no longer and for
no other purpose. *
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 3, in the
same clause, after the word " dollars," in line
fifty-nine, to strike out the following words:
And that all acts and parts of acts inconsistent
with this provision are he reby repealed.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
Provided, Thatno compensation or allowance shall
be made to any such officer after the termination of
his official functions other than for such time as
shall necessarily be occupied in his direct return to
the United States: and the proviso to the clause m
the act of March 3, 1871, entitled "An act making
appropriations to supply deficiencies for the service
of the Government for the fiscal year ending June
30,1870. and June 30,1871, and for other purposes,
"for salaries of United States ministers abroad,"
&C., be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
The amendment-was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask the committee
why they inserted the amendment on page 3,
line forty-seven, to require the interpreter of
the United States legation at Turkey to act as
interpreter for the consulate general also. The
two offices are distinct. The interpreter of
the United States legation in Turkey has, I
know, a great amount of work to do. Mr.
Brown, the present interpreter, has beenthere
some thirty-odd years, and I am told it is im-
possible for one person to perform the duties,
i ask the Senator in charge of the bill to
explain that amendment of the committee. I
feel it my duty to oppose it and to ask for a
separate vote upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment has been agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I am willing that it shall be
considered as reserved until the bill is read
through or reported to the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 4, line seventy-
seven, to strike out the word "present" be-
fore the word "fiscal:" and after the word
"year" to insert the words "ending June
30, 1873 so as to make the clause read :
For compensation of agents appointed by the
President to examine consular accounts, as author-
ized by the second section of the act approved July
11,1870, $10,000; and from and after the close of the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1873, said appropriation
shall cease, and all acts or parts of acts inconsistent
therewith be, and the same are hereby, repeated.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator from Ohio
will give me his attention, I think it better not
to reserve the matter about the consulate gen-
eral of Turkey, because we may as well, when
the Senate is comparatively full, dispose of it
at this moment. I supposed the chairman
would have explained to the Senate why we
proposed the amendment. I happened to
remember it, and therefore, with his permis-
sion, I will state it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood that the amendment was to be
reserved until the bill was reported to the
Senate, and then a separate vote was to be
taken upon it.
Mr. COLE. My attention was engaged, at
the moment the Senator from Ohio referred
to it, with another part of the bill, and hence
I was willing to have it reserved.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am quite willing that
it shall be considered as not having been acted
upon.
Mr. COLE. I wish my colleague on the
committee [Mr. Edmunds] would explain it.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to inquire if I
understood the Senator from Vermont to be
speaking on the amendment in regard to the
consul general of Turkey.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes.
Mr. THURMAN. That has not been passed
upon, has it?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It has been, in commit-
tee, but it has been said that it would be re-
served. I think it better, however, as the Sen-
ate is now comparatively full, to have the thing
decided and disposed of, so that everybody
will be satisfied. That is why I allude to it
now.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to say a word on
that whenever it comes up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be con-
sidered now only by unanimous consent. It
was reserved by the Senator's colleague for a
separate vote when the hill came into the Sen-
ate. The Senator from Vermont suggests that
it be acted on now by common consent..
Mr. EDMUNDS. It has already been acted
upon in the technical-sense, but I do not wish
to stand upon that, neither does the commit-
tee. We only wish to have what we have pro-
posed meet the judgment of the Senate, and
if there is any difficulty or wrong about it we
should like to know it.
Mr. THURMAN. Does the Senator pro-
pose to address the Senate now?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not propose to
address the Senate if they are disposed to have
the amendment agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to the Secretary again reporting
the amendment on page 3 as if it had not been
previously agreed to. That amendment is now
before the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now I beg to explain to
the Senator from Ohio and to the Senate that
as the bill passed the House, as they will see
by reading this very paragraph, the salary of
the interpreter of the legation in Turkey was
to be $3,000, and then there is a provision, in
addition to that, that hereafter the duties of
the secretary of legation shall be performed by
the consul general at Constantinople, so as to
diminish the expense and have the consul
general act as secretary of legation, as well he
may upon the information we have. So far
they went, consolidating the consul general
for administrative purposes m the way of car-
rying on mere business with the legation.
ThattheHouse did, and that, from the inform-
ation we had, appeared to be right, because
it would save expense and diminish officers.
Then the question was whether the consul
general, heretofore having had an interpreter
of his own, himself being put into the legation
as secretary, we should keep up also an inter-
preter of the consulate general. So we pro-
vided that the salary of the interpreter of the
legation should also cover the salary of the
interpreter of the consulate general, so that
the legation interpreter should be the inter-
preter for the consul general, who should be
also the secretary of legation, as well as the
interpreter of the consul general; in other
words, the consul general is put into the lega-
tion as secretary. Now, it sometimes happens,
although rather rarely, that he has duties to
do as consul. There is the interpreter of the
legation at his hand. The consul general is
the secretary of the legation. We say by this
provision that that interpreter shall interpret
as well for the consul as for the minister, and
so we have added these words to provide that
the interpreter of the United States legation
having that salary should also be considered as
the interpreter of the consul, who is also the
secretary of legation, and so to dispense with
the interpreter of the consul, and not with the
interpreter of the legation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I only know about this
matter from the fact that the dragoman or
interpreter of the Turkish legation is an Ohio
man who has been there since boyhood.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is Mr. Brown. It
does not touch him. It only provides that he
shall interpret for the consul, who is the sec-
retary of the legation.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the very point I
wish to come at. I know it is entirely incon-
sistent and incompatible to perform the duties
of the two offices. The consul general in Con-
stantinople is chiefly a judicial officer, under
the laws having jurisdiction over offenses com-
mitted by our sailors and citizens of the United
States under the consular system; to what
extent I do not know.
Mr. PATTERSON. If the Senator will
allow me, I will say that the civil jurisdiction
of consular courts has been given up.
Mr. SHERMAN. The criminal jurisdiction
still remains?
Mr. PATTERSON. That still remains. I
remember when the treaty was ratified we
ratified a translation as it was supposed to be
of the treaty, but it was ascertained after we
had ratified it that the translation did not
contain the power which was in the original
treaty, giving jurisdiction in civil cases to con-
sular courts. That has been given up; so that
the interpreter has not very much to do in
trlioso courts
Mr. SHERMAN. At any rate the duties
of the interpreter of that court, the interpreter
of the consul general, are entirely inconsistent
with the present duties of the interpreter of
the legation. The office of interpreter or drag-
oman, as he is more commonly called, at Con-
stantinople is a very important one. Whenever
the minister is absent, he is minister ex officio,
and he receives the pay of a charg6 during the
absence of the minister. The duties of one
office are entirely inconsistent with the duties
of the other. The duties of tbe_ interpreter
of a court, interpreting witnesses in trials, m
a criminal case, for instance the trial of a
sailor or an American citizen who has com-
mitted an offense against the law, are entirely
inconsistent with the duties of the interpreter
for the legation. Besides, I think there is some
distance, I do not know how much, between the
official residence of the dragoman, who must be
in intimate relations with the minister, and the
place where the consular court is held.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Must he_ have any more
intimate relations with the minister than the
secretary of legation ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The provision in regard
to the secretary of legation is simply the
