1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4153
five o'clock will be equivalent to a call for an
extra session ?
Mr. MOHTON. I do 'not speak by author-
ity. I have had no consultation whatever,
have not exchanged a word, directly or indi-
rectly, with the executive department on this
subject; but I take it for granted that if we
adjourn without passing the necessary appro-
priation bills, without providing the money
tor carrying on the Government, the Presi-
dent will do his duty, and will call us back and
ask us to stay here until we do ours. I say I
take it for granted; but I have no more author-
ity for saying so than the Senator himself.
Mr. CASSERLY. If there is to be an extra
session of Congress, it will be because some
party in each House of Congress has so acted
as to make an extra session inevitable. If any
party shall so act, it is because it desires to
have an extra session. Is there any such party
in this body? I know it is not the party with
which I act. The minority here as one man
is not only opposed to an extra session, but it
regards an extra session as an evil of the very
first magnitude. The Senator from Indiana
can have no repugnance to an extra session
that at all exceeds in intensity or earnestness
the repugnance felt by every member of the
minority in this body.
Now, sir, if the majority, or even enough
of the Republicans of this body to make, with
the Democrats, a majority, as was the case
during the long and weary debate the other
night upon the tariff, are of the same way of
thinking, there can be no extra session; at
least there can be no colorable pretense for
one. I do say that. I say it because if it
shall be found upon the approach of the hour
for adjournment proposed by the House,
namely, live o'clock on Tuesday, that the state
of the public business requires a further exten-
sion, those in this body and those in the House
who are opposed to an extra session will vote
for that further extension ; and I may say for
the Democrats in this House, and I think I may
speak for the Democrats in the other House,
they will not refuse auy reasonable extension
of the time of adjournment, when they know
that lo refuse to do so is to furnish some ground
or some appearance of a ground for an extra
session. Therefore, I repeat, if there is to
be an extra session, it will be because the
Administration majority in this body and in
the other House are determined to have one.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I objected
to the consideration of this resolution yester-
day for the reason that I believed we could
get through with the public business without
changing the time of adjournment. I thought
after the discussion yesterday that we could
conclude that appropriation bill last night
before we adjourned, and 1 voted against all
motions to adjourn. I was willing to remain
here last night in order to accomplish that
object. The very reason that induces me now
to vote against any proposition for adjourn-
ment beyond Tuesday is because I believe if
we now go to work on this appropriation bill
we can adjourn by that time. This is a weil
considered bill. The Committee on Appro-
priations know something about the business
which they have considered, and I take it for
granted when under the press for an adjourn-
ment we come to the consideration of that
bill, we shall attribute some knowledge to
that committee and will vote down amend-
ments much better than if we were to proceed
under the idea of a prolonged session and
allow debate on all kinds of amendments. If
we would conclude this discussion now, and
adopt the resolution sent to us by the House
and get to work, we-could pass that appropri-
ation bill to-day, and I will stand by ttie ma-
jority in this body until the sun rises to-mor-
row morning; I will slay away from .church
in order to pass that bill, and think I will do
the country much better service by that than
by attending church. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, day before
yesterday, beginning with a committee meet-
ing, I worked in this building nineteen hours,
shut up for seventeen hours in this iron box.
When I had been for fifteen hours without
food, not having left the Chamber at all, and
when some otHer Senators had been, equally
attentive, a suggestion was made several times
that it would be a relief to have an hour dur-
ing which those who had remained here con-
tinuously so long might get something to eat.
The Democratic members of the Senate, as we
have been repeatedly reminded since, insisted
upon continuing the session with a unanimity
which, if it has been found before, has not
often been found hastening business. Time
after time t.hey refused to allow indulgence to
hunger or fatigue. My friend [Mr. Hamilton,
of Maryland] shakes his head. I say not to
be misunderstood that the Democratic Sen-
ators voted against propositions during the
night for a respite as oiten as such motions
were made. Now, I think my friend from
Maryland will not shake his head in dissent.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. That was
on the tariff bill.
Mr. CONKLING. It is of that night that
I am speaking; and I remind the Senate that
the result was the completion of the tariff bill
after an exhaustive and toilsome night, and
the next day found the decks clear for the ex-
traordinary utterances heard in the Senate
yesterday. The Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sumner] had given notice to the Senate
previously more than once that he found him-
self assaulted in a report of a committee
touching the sale of arms, and for that rea-
son, as we were given to understand, he inter-
posed a motion to postpone indefinitely the
great appropriation bill upon which the oper-
ations of the Government depend, and then he
visited upon the Senate a printed essay which
required four hours to pass his lips, in which
nothing at all was said of any vindication
against the report of the arms committee.
When five o'clock had come, and we had
sat here weary with the loss of sleep and exces-
sive labor waiting to be allowed to proceed
wi(,h business, the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Suhurz] rose with a portentous pile of manu-
script before him, and then we were reminded
from the Democratic side that courtesy required
us to take a recess in order that Senators
might refresh themselves who were unaccus-
tomed to go without food, and in order also, I
suspect, that the interval might command a
more showy and imposing audience than at
that time waited upon the Senator from Mis-
souri. I ventured to say that it was not a
question of courtesy; that the question was
made of sterner stuff; and 1 repeat it. We had
been arrested by two electioneering speeches,
which if they were appropriate anywhere might
be made at the hustings, which, if there were
no other objection to them, were made at a
time when they wore out the dying hours of
the session, and drove important bills to de-
struction, unless new postponements could be
gained. But the day having been squandered,
and Monday at meridian having been set as
the mete and bound of our continuance, we
were told that courtesy required us to take a
recess in order that, with the actors' strength
replenished, the night might follow the day
down to the tomb of wasted hours—-hours
devoted by the Senator from Massachusetts to
reading a speech, if that name describes the
paper, which he will live to regret; an unjust
and bitter speech aimed at another, but which
the Senator will find a boomerang recoiling
with heavy, if not deadly, weight upon himself.
It was an effort full of joy for his enemies—
full of sorrow for his friends.
Now, Mr. President, our friends on the other
side voted for that recess which some of us
tried in vain with a bare quorum to resist, and
the evening, as I say, was wasted, wasted as
regards all the bills awaiting action ; and now
we are engaged, not in going on with legisla-'
tion, but in what seems to be rather a game
of bounce, rather a trip and twitch affair upon
the question whether we cannot so manage
and exploit the question of adjournment as to
throw upon the President the responsibility
of calling or omitting to call an extra session.
This phase of the proceeding gives me no
solicitude. I imagine that as the President
has been found always equal thus far in the
field and in the Cabinet to such exigencies as
have beset him, he will manage to determine
whether he should see the unfinished business
lie prostrate until December or should recon-
vene the Representatives of the people. I say
nothing in regard to that; the purpose of the
Senate ought to be, I hope it will be, to act
not upon the question of advantage between
parties or candidates or ambitions, to be
gained by thrusting upon the President the
alternative of an extra session, but upon what
we should do upon our oaths in the exigency
upon us.
I shall vote against the pending amendment
because I want to vote upon the simple prop-
osition to rescind. That going to the House,
we shall commit to it the option of saying
whether the resolution existing now and term-
inating the session on Monday shall be put
aside or not, and if the House think it unwise
to answer that question in the affirmative, it
will committo the House the further option of
proposing theday when we shall adjourn. The
position of the Senate, if we pass the resolu-
tion to rescind, will be, that we bad better go
on without fixing a day at this moment. If the
House differs with us, the House is the appro-
priate body between the two to indicate the
final day. Therefore to me the road seems
open and the duty plain.
Mr. President, 1 give this reason, without
going into others, for preferring an open end
of the session rather than one closed by a day.
There are three appropriation bills pending,
the sundry civil bill, the river and harbor bill,
and the fortification bill. There are several other
important measures, one or two from the Ju-
diciary Committee. The honorable Senator
from Michigan has repeatedly called attention
to the steamboat bill ; and although I do not
read his telegrams as he does, although 1 do
not read my telegrams as he would, that those
sending them insist upon the passage of the par-
ticular bill as reported, I do agree in thinking
it desirable to have some legislation touch-
ing the steamboat interest, and he will find
me following him in that direction, much as I
object to particular provisions contained in
the pending bill.
Without referring to other measures, suffice
it to say that there remains considerable
unfinished business. There are two ways of
doing it. One is to do it on the run, to put it
through as the steamboat bill would have gone
through on the conference report, not five
members of the Senate being able in the haste
to ascertain in detail what the bill contained.
That is one way. It is a bad way. I venture
to say it is a blatnable way, speaking of the
two Houses in the aggregate, when we can con-
trol together the time of our adjournment, to
so manage it that we must do business after
that manner. The other way is deliberately
and intelligently to sit down_, subjecting our
convenience to our duty, curbing the disposi-
tion we all have to get away, (and I presume I
would like to go as much as anybody else,)
and to say to ourselves and to each other, we
must address ourselves to our duties until
those duties are done, be it on the 4th of June
or the 4th of July. Nothing short of the
breaking out of a pestilence or some provi-
dential visitation would warrant us in doing
less.
If we fix the day that my honorable friend
before me [Mr. Windom] proposes, Monday
week, itisall the time m the powerof any Sen-
ator to exhaust or control the time. Have we
forgotten yesterday when we entered upon the
consideration of a bill to which our rules per-
mitted us to apply a five-minutes debate, which
