1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3257
from Ohio further stated accurately that the
object of the amendment in reference to this
right was to provide a remedy further than
existing remedies for any denial of or injury
to that right.
The Senator stated further, as a fact admit-
ted, that the right to ride on the cars and the
right to participate in the accommodations of
inus is now denied in some portions of the
country. Now, as a fact, 1 do not agree to
that statement. I have no information—and
I listened some months since to the speech
of the Senator from Massachusetts upon that
subject—which shows, or tends to show, that
colored people any more than white people
are by law or by custom denied the accommo
dations furnished by innkeepers or by com-
mon carriers ; or if there does occur occa-
sionally a case where a colored person is
excluded from the cars or excluded from an
inn, it is a fact also that occasionally a case
occurs where a white man is excluded from
an inn ; and in both instances the Jaw as it
now stands affords to each identically the
same remedy. But the difference between the
two races in their action upon this subject is a
difference which has been created practically
by operations here in Congress, and which is
encouraged by such attempted legislation as
this, if a white man is wrongfully excluded
from a railroad car and he feels himself
injured thereby, he brings his civil action
against the corporation for damages, and if he
makes out the case he recovers his damages
by the verdict of a jury, and is content. But
if a black man is excluded from the cars, in-
stead of betaking himself to the remedy which
you and I possess, and to which the white man
betakes himself, he rushes to a newspaper
office and makes a statement of it for publi-
cation, and then sits down and writes a letter
to the Senator from Massachusetts. [Laugh-
ter. ]
So, too, with regard to exclusion from an inn.
I observed during the course of the autumn
a statement that certain colored citizens
from Tennessee, I think, were excluded from
an inn in New Jersey, or refused entertainment
there, and subsequently that they were refused
enreitainment in Connecticut. If those inns
had the means of accommodation, those col-
ored citizens had precisely the same right to
bring their action in the courts for a remedy
for that injury that any white man had, but
not one of them thought of betaking himself
to that remedy. The fact was published
broadcast in the newspapers, and if the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts had another history to
relate of wrongs suffered by colored people in
the deprivation of this class of accommoda-
tions, he undoubtedly would recite this; and
yet if these persons had brought their action,
there is no reason to believe, certainly not in
my State, that had they made out that they
were wrongfully excluded from the accommo-
dations that they sought, they would not have
received an ample remedy at the hands of a
jury.
But the present bill, as is truly said by the
Senator from Ohio, proceeding upon the
ground that the present remedy by a civil
action for damages is insufficient, proceeds to
create a new remedy, sending the aggrieved
party to the Federal courts to seek damages
in a civil action, and making it the duty of
grand juries and district attorneys in the
Federal courts to prosecute the parties com-
mitting the injury for a misdemeanor, and sub-
jecting them to fine and imprisonment; and
in doing this the bill takes a matter which is
under, and always has been under the ordin-
ary jurisdiction of the States, and brings it
into Federal jurisdiction ; thus, so far at any
rate, subverting the principle of local self-
government, upon which all our institutions
are based.
And, sir, in reference to this, in addition to
what I said on a former occasion, I may say
that I am tired of hearing men perpetually J
prating of their advocacy of the colored race
and of their insisting upon the rights of the
colored race, as if it were the duty of a Sen-
ator here to do other than stand up for the
rights of men, the rights of the citizens of
the United States, no matter what their color
is, no matter what their race. I stand here
for their rights and the rights of all. Not
because a man is a black man, or because a
man is a white man, do I advocate the preser-
vation of his rights, but because he is a man.
But there is one peculiarity in the condition
of the colored race in this country which cer-
tainly would induce me to lift up a warning
voice to the intelligent men among them to
beware how they encourage such legislation
as is now upon our table. A distiiiguWied
colored citizen has recently published an ac-
count of his visit to a colored convention at
New Orleans, and in the concluding remarks
of Mr. Douglass in that publication he states
that the colored citizens assembled there felt
that they had hitherto received little or nothing
from the States, but had received all from the
Federal Government, and they were disposed
to uphold and strengthen the Federal system,
little regarding what became of the State sys-
tem. No more fatal doctrine for the colored
race of this country could be promulgated by
any man.
The colored race in the United States isin the
minority to-day ; it always will be in a minority,
and the very life blood of the rights of minorities
in this country is local self-government through
our State sjstems. It may be well for colored
men to-day to think that upon every fancied
grievance they may come here to Congress
and by legislation, constitutional or unconsti-
tutional, receive what they term redress; but
the time is coming when the colored men will
find that only through the authority of the
States will they be able to receive that protec-
tion which minorities must have against ma-
jorities. Make of this nation one great, con-
solidated people, and the rights of the colored
men before two generations have passed
away will be crushed into the dust.
There are fifteen States of the Union in
which the colored men by their votes hold the
balance of power, and I say to the colored
man everywhere, " Hold on to your rights in
those States; hold on to the authority which
by the old system that our fathers gave us in this
land is now yours, and by which you can pro-
tect your rights against tyrannical majorities
through all coming time." Sir. there is no
part of the people of this country who stand
in such danger from the centralizing tenden-
cies of the present day as the colored people;
and this bill, instead of being a bill to protect
and preserve their civil rights, upon the prin-
ciple on which the bill is based and advocated
is a bill full of danger to them and their pos-
terity.
Now, sir, a word as to the amendment it-
self, for my time is very limited. I have moved
to strike out from this bill all that relates to
schools. From my childhood I liave been
trained in a community where, next to the
church of God, the school-house was the dear-
est object to the hearts of the people. The
school system, maintained by the people, con-
trolled by the people in their separate locali-
ties, and according to their separate and special
wants, has been not simply the glory, but it has
been the great preserving influence of the com-
munity iti which I hu-ve resided. It has gone
out over the land ; it is going farther now. It
is spreading, thank God, all over the southern
States to the borders of the Gulf; and wherever
it goes, unless you keep that school system in
the control of those who are immediately and
locally interested in the particular special
schools, you endanger the whole system You
cannot establish it and attach the hearts of the
people to it by power from the outside. You
must inteiest the parents, the guardians, and
the supporters of the schools themselves in all
that pertains to the schools, and keep up and
maintain that interest undiminished, and your
school system will thrive, and the generations
to come will grow up as have the generations
of the past grown up in the more northerly
sections of the country under its influence.
And hence, when an effort is made directly by
Federal legislation to dictate to the local com-
munities what is most expedient as to the man-
agement of the particular schools under their
care, you are commencing a species of legisla-
tion whose principle is, in my judgment, fatal
to the school system of the country.
Now, sir, as I remarked the day before
yesterday, in the community where I reside
there is no objection to mixed schools, as they
are termed; and iff were called upon to vote
there, I should vote for them. It would be a
useless expense to establish separate schools
for the few colored people in that community.
But I cannot judge other couimunities by that
community, i cannot judge the community
of the District of Columbia by it. I believe
the Senator's bill relating to the District of
Columbia, for instance, would utterly destroy
the school system in this District. I believe
it, because there are continually pouring into
this District of Columbia colored laboring
classes from Virginia, from Maryland, and from
the surrounding country; the population of
that class is increasing, as statistics show, with
unparalleled rapidity every year; and their
children, just emerged from the influences of
slavery, naturally are feit by the parents and
guardians of those who have been long edu-
cated and cultured in schools as having a
tendency, at any rate, to endanger those who
are thrown into association with them in the
common daily life of the common school. It
may be true, or may be untrue, but the fact
exists ; and the tendency of compelling the two
races to assemble m the same building is to
drive out the very class of the community
whom you wish to attach to your schools, by
whom the schools are to be built up and fos-
tered ; whereas, what you need is to have the
entire commuuity interested in their support
and preservation.
Take, for instance, the State of Ohio, where
I understand the law permits the distiicts to
have mixed schools or separate schools,
according as they shall vote in their several
districts. In some they vote for mixed
schools; in some they vote for separate
schools ; and I observe a decision of the
supreme court of Ohio, reported in yester-
day's newspapers, bearing upon the very point
suggested in tins bill; for it has been the
assertion of those who support this bill with
regard to the schools that compelling the
separation of the races into different buildings
was a violation ot'the fourteenth amendment,
notwithstanding that both laces, in their sep-
arate buildings, enjoyed the same or equal
accommodations, facilities, and advantages.
That question hasjust been before the supreme
court of Ohio, and that court, as 1 understand,
is composed, the majority of it, of judges
whose political opinions are like those of the
majority of this body, and let us see what it
has done:
" Columbus, Ohio, May 7.
" The supreme court to-day refused to issue a man-
damus against the directorsofasub-schooldistrictin
Norwich township, franklin county, ior the admis-
sion ot colored children into scikvis lor white chil-
dren, us there is a separate school in said township
for colored youth. The court sustained the consti-
tutionality of sectiou thirty-one oi the common-
school law ot this State, and held that ttie organiza-
tion of separate schools l'or colored children is not
in conflict with the provisions ol the fourteenth
amendment to the national Constitution."
I believe that that decision of the supreme
court ot Ohio is good law. There is nothing,
then, in the establishment by different com-
munities, as each may think it expedient for
itself, of separate schools, in conflict with the
fourteenth amendment; and the proposition
with respect to schools thereiore is simply by
legislation by Congress, without any constitu-
tional provision demanding it, acting compul-
