570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
what is pointed out here, notwithstanding what
he does may be in accordance with the laws
of his State—if we can thus take possession
of our common-school system in the several
States, I ask what, right is there left to the
States that the General Government cannot
and may not take away? Never can I give
my assent to such a proposition; no, never.
Mr. Speaker, the amount of money which
has been received during the last year from
the sale of the public lands would be very
small indeed for each State if distributed
among the States upon the principle which
this bill suggests. The southern people could
not possibly receive but a very small amount.
1 must conclude by saying that in my hum-
ble judgment gentlemen do not know what they
say when they come forward and make this
proposition, but ask us to pass this bill for the
benefit of their people. My opinion is that
the passage of this bill would be the recogni-
tion of the principle which has been attempted
to be enforced in this House before, but has
failed, namely, that this Congress has the right
to control the domestic affairs of the States,
the educational affairs of the States ; a prin-
ciple 1 can never admit to be just and right.
The SPEAKER.' The time of the gentle-
man has expired.
Mr. PERCE. At the suggestion of several
gentlemen I now move that Thursday and Fri-
day of next week, after half past one o'clock,
be designated for the consideration of this
measure, lo the exclusion of all other orders,
and that the previous, question bo considered
as seconded and tlio main question ordered at
half past one o'clock on the second day.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Oluo. Why not make
it week after next?
. Mr. PERCE. Very well; then I will say
the week after next.
Mr. RANDALL. I propose that the appro-
priation bills lie exeepti-d from the order.
The SPEAKER. That would destroy the
wholo effect of the order, and make it of 110
account whatever. Is there objection to the
proposition of the gentleman from Mississippi ?
Mr. RANDALL. I must object to making
this bill a special order to the exclusion of
everything else. It seems to me that there
could hardly be any legislation that would
come tip at that time that would not be of
more importance than this unmatured bill.
Mr. PERCE. 1 have made my proposition
in order that full debate maybe had upon this
question, which is a very important one. Be-
fore making I he, proposition 1 consulted the
chairman ol the Committee on Appropriations,
and he consented to it, believing that it will
not interfere with the business of that com-
mittee. If gentlemen on the other side of
the House desire discussion upon this meas-
ure, they can have it in this way to the fullest
extent.
Mr. RANDALL. I make my objection in-
dependent of the considerations which the
gentleman has submitted, and as an opponent
of the measure altogether.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
woman suffrage.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Iaskunan-
imous consent, out of the usual course of the
rules, to present a petition.
'1 he SPEAKER. Is there objection? The
Chair hears none.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am hon-
ored with the duty of presenting a petition for
a declaratory law to assure the right of suf-
frage to I he women citizens of the United States.
They believe their absolute constitutional right,
is to vote. They here and now desire to bring
to the attention of Congress the necessity of
passing a law declaring and executing "that
right. They claim such a law in two views:
first, as of right, and secondly, as of expedi-
ency to the nation. They insist that this their
right ought to be secured to them by law, and
they insist also that it is expedient for the
Republic that this right should be accorded
to them.
The mothers of the land, who shall form
the characters of all its citizens through their
teaching in childhood, giving direction to the
thoughts which shall hereafter govern the
laud, may well claim that it is expedient that
they shall have a voice in making the laws
which govern them, which will give them
greater freedom of action than they now have,
which will afford them higher opportunities
for noble culture than they now have, and
raise their thoughts to a plane worthy of the
generation that shall come alter us, which must
in all its social and moral qualities take its
impress from their teachings, so that the men
of the land shall then be as the women of the
land now are; and as you elevate and enno-
ble woman, in so much, in a greater ratio,
will our sons be better fitted for the great
duties and responsibilities of the future. No
stream shall rise higher than its fountain.
Sir, I recognize the fact that I have 110 right
at this time to trespass on the business and
indulgence of the House to argue the moment-
ous question involved in this memorial, but I
present this petition of thirty-five thousand
women of America, from almost every State
in the Union. Prom every class and condition
of life, from the highest and most refined and
from the humblest and most lowly, all are rep-
resented here, all asking that their claim to
what they conceive to be their greatest right,
and which wo claim to be the inalienable right
of every male citizen shall be granted to them.
The unanimity with which tiiey come here:
the fact that without, organization, almost as
a matter of spontaneity, thirty-live thousand
names should have been gathered and sent to
this Capitol to a committee, whose voluntary
duty it, was made to receive them; the fact
that other names are now coming in at the
rate of some five hundred a day; that from
California ten thousand more arc on the way,
all speak to the Representatives of the people
in accents that cannot be misunderstood, that,
here is a great and necessary reform which
calls for the fullest consideration and the
promptest action of the Congress of the Uni-
ted States.
They are not to be told that, this is an inno-
vation, that this is a new thing. Division of
property between the husband and the wife was
a greater innovation upon the feudal law, which
is the foundation of our law as regards women,
and 11 very much greater innovation than this
will be. That in the parent Stale from which
we come women have had the right to act in
public affairs; from the tact that in that parent
State a woman is at the head of public aflairs,
seems to point to us that, women may safely
be tiusted with the right lo vote.
I have desired to say this much, in present-
ing this petition, in order that.it may bo brought
to the notice of the House and the country;
that it may take the same place m the con-
sideration of the people that in a not very far
day 111 the past, anti-slavery petitions took,
which founded the great party which now has
control of the Government cf this country.
There was a great reform, beginning in the
little, urged on by petitions, not so numerous in
its early days, and hardly so numerous in its
later days, as this, scarcely arriving to the dig-
nity of numbers of applicants which charac-
terizes the petition which 1 now present; and
although, when a great moneyed interest was
at stake, it took years to bring that freedom
which those petitions asked for yet let me
assure the House of Representatives that in
my judgment, much sooner, and as certainly
as the sun rolls around in its course a few
more times, jast so sure will the right asked
for in this petition be accorded to the women
citizens of the United States.
I ask that this petition, which I propose sim-
ply to show to the House in its large volume,
[unrolling the petition,] may be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom this
subject has already been referred.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask that the petition
be read.
The SPEAKER. With the names ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Certainly.
The SPEAKER. That would require unani-
mous consent.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I pray
that may not be done, because I promised the
Committee on Appropriations not to take much
time. I ask that the petition simply be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
To the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States in Congress assembled:
The undersigned, citizens of the United States,
pray your honorable bodies that in any proposed
amendment to the Constitution which may coma
before you in regard to suffrage, and in any law
affecting &uti"iage 111 the Di&trietof Columbia or any
Territory, the rightof voting maybe given to women
on the same terms as to men.
The petition was then referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
COMMON CARRIERS, QUARANTINE, ETC.
Mr. StlELLABARGER. I am instructed
by the Committee on Commerce, to which was
referred a resolution in relation to quarantine
regulations, &e., in New York city, with leave
to report at any time, to report the same back
with a substitute.
The SPEAKER. The substitute only will
be read, if there be no objection.
The substitute was read as follows :
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
directed to inquire, fust, whether the commerce
among the seveial States of this Union is injuri-
oualy affected by any inadequacy in the present
means of land transportation, or by any combina-
tion or monopoly m the control or ownership thereof,
or by means of any existing or inequitablo rates of
freight or tare charged by common carriers, or by
means of other improper buulens or restraints im-
posed upon such commcrco by carriers; second,
whether our commeico with foreign nations and
upon the coasts and wateis of tho United States 13
at any port thereof subjected to any oppressive or
illegal requirements or restraints under color of
quaiantino, health, or other laws or customs of any
State or ot the United Slates; third, whether atany
ports of the United States American seamen or lor-
eign immigrants, 011 arriving thereat, are subjected
to wrongs or deprivations which require Jegislal ion ;
fourth, what legislation or other means iV required
to relieve, revive, and sustain the tonnage and for-
eign commerce of tho United States; thatsuch com-
mittee or sub-committee thereof, in making such
inquiry, have power to send for persons and papers,
and sit during tho sessions of the House, at such
places as shall bo most convenient and proper for
such investigations, and that they report from time
to time by bill or otherwise.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I am unanimously
directed by the Committee 011 Commerce to
ask that this resolution be adopted.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the substitute will be considered as agreed to,
and the resolution, as amended, adopted.
There was 110 objection.
Mr. SHELLABARGER moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted ; and also moved that tho motion to
reconsider be laid 011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOIIM W. DOUGLAS.
TheSPEAKER. Thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Scofiei.I),] who is compelled
to leave the city in the performance of duties
imposed upon him by the House, and who
therefore cannot bo in his seat on Monday
next, desires to introduce a bill for reference
to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. SCOEIELD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1180) for the
relief of John W. Douglas, late collector of
internal revenue for the nineteenth district
ot Pennsylvania ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
of Claims.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPItlATION BILL.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I take the floor
for the purpose of moving that the House
resolve itself into the Committeeof the Whole
to resume the consideration of the legislative
appropriation bill: but as preliminary to that
