3258
THE COKGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
sorily upon all the school districts in the
United 8tar.es.
I hope, sir, that at any rate so much of the
amendment as relates to schools may be
stricken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) The hour of three has
arrived, at which, by the general understand-
ing of the Senate yesterday, the vote was to
be taken. The first, question is on the amend
ment moved by the Senator from Connecticut
[Mr. Perry] to the amendment moved by the
Senator I'ro.-n Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.]
Mr. POMEROY. I only desire to say a
single word, not by way of argument. I under-
took yesterday to make an explanation, when
the Senator from Connecticut got through, in
regard to the bill, and ill regard to its position
as to the question of order; but as the ques-
tion of order lmd to be decided without de-
bate, I could not say what I wanted to. I
want now merely to make one remark and
have it go into the Globe.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is
no objection, the Senator will proceed.
Mr. POMEIiOY. This is House bill No.
1050, and it comes to us as a House bill; and
the provisions of the Constitution adhere to
this bill, and no amendment, made in the Sen-
ate, no matter what we do to it, can change
its character m that rcspect. The words " two
thirds of both Houses concurring therein" in
parentheses in the enacting clause are not
necessary there, bccause that vote is required
by the Constitution. Therefore we may amend
the bill by striking out all after the enacting
clause, and then amend it, by striking out
"two thirds of both Houses concurring there-
in," and it is slill a House bill, and the pro
visions of the Constitution adhere to it, and we
cannot, change it by any acl of ours. It will
require two thirds to pass it before it can ever
become a law.
Mr, TRUMBULL. Do I understand the
Senator from Kansas to hold that we cannot
pass this bill, even it rhe whole of the original
bill is stricken out., without a two thirds vole?
Mr. PO.M1CROY. That is my opinion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. IL won Id certainly then
be so in the House ; it. being a House bill, and
having ouginally passed that body by two
thiids, our amendment cannot be concurred in
there without a two-thirds vote.
Mr. PO.UEROY. No action of the Senate
whatever c.ui change that requirement,. It is
a House bill, and the provisions of the Consti-
tution adhere to it. Amending it in other lan-
guage does not stop it lrom being a House bill
in all events that can never pa--s except by a
two-thirds vole. That is my opinion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If it, is in order, I should
like to say a word 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in
order; but it is in violation of the understand-
ing come to yesterday.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to speak live
minutes on the amendment, of the Senator
from Connecticut.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend
ment was pending at three o'clock, and the
understanding applies to that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 do not wish to violate
any understandings. I will wait for my five
minutes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
can defeat the understanding by offering an
amendment. The Secretary will report the
pending amendment.
'Ihe Chief Clerk. The amendment to the
amendment, is to strike out of the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts the words
"by trustees, commissioners, superintendents,
teachers, and other officers of the common
schools and other public institutions of learn-
ing, the same being supported by moneys de-
rived lrom general taxation or authorized by
law."
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. Is not that open to discus-
sion under the five-minutes rule?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The President decided
as to me that it was not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the understanding to have been
this: that at three o'clock to-day debate was to
close upon the bill and the then pending amend-
ments; that amendments subsequently offered
were open to five-minutes debate. That is the
understanding of the Chair. The Chair will
read the understanding from the Globe:
" That at three o'clock general debate shall term-
inate and the vote shall bo taken on any pending
amendments according to their order, of course under
parliamentary provision, and that if any other
amendments are offered, the gentlemen offering
them, or anybody else, may have five minutes to
support or oppose any amendment which may bo
proposed."
The five-minutes debate is clearly confined
to amendments oB'ered after three o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. Then let the amendment
be reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of
Mr. Ferry, of Connecticut.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, Mr. President, I
move in that amendment to strike out the
word "commissioners."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That would
be an amendment in the third degree, which
is out ot' order. On the pending question the
yeas and nays have been ordered, and the
Cleric will call the ioil.
Mr. STOCK TON. I am paired with my
colleague [Mr. Fiielihohuysen'J on all ques-
tions connected with t his bill. He was obliged
10 go home to New Jersey on account of the
death of a family connection. I do not know
how he would vote on this immediate amend-
ment; but 1 paired with him on all questions
connected with the bill, and therefore 1 decline
to vote. Permit me to add, that there may
be no mistake, that 1 ain for the amnesty bill
as it came from the House of Represent-
atives, and should votefor that and against ail
amendments to it if at liberty to do so.
Mr. BLAIR. I am paired with the hon-
orable Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Sawyer,] who is for the amendment ot the
Senator from Massachusetts, if hewerepres
ent I should vote "yea" on this question,
and he would vote " nay."
Mr. NYE. I do not know but I ought to
decline to vote. At the request of the Sen-
ator on my right, I agreed to pair with the
Senator fiom Missouri, [Mr. Schdkz,] and
he suggests to me that he thinks lie would vote
differently from the side on which I should
vote if 1 voied. I therefore decline to vote.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 2G; as follows:
YEAS—Mossrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Borem.m, Buck-
ingham, Cassorly, Couper, Davis of West Virginia,
Fonton, Ferry ot Connecticut, Ucidtliwaitc. ila.m-
ilton ot Maryland, Hamilton ot Texas, tlarian, llill,
Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly, JS1 orwood, Pratt, Sauls-
bury, Scott. Stevenson, Xiplon, Trumbull, and
Viekers—2.5.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Cameron, Car-
penter, Chandler. Clayton, Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry
ol Michigan, Flanagan, Gilbert, fl.uu.m, llowe,
Kollogg,Moirill ot Vermont, Morton,0*bom,Pome-
roy, liainscv, Rice, Sherman, Spcuoor, Sumner,
Wilson. Windom, and Wright—2(5.
ABSENT —Messrs. Blair, Brownlow, Caldwell,
Cole, Coukhng, Corbett, Davis of Kentucky, Fre-
luighuysen, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Nye,
Patterson,Pool, ltansom, Robertson, Sawyer,Schurz,
Sprague,Stewart, Stockton, Thurman, and West—23.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts.
Mr. BLAIR. I offer the following proviso,
to come m at the end of the first section of
the amendment:
Provided, kowewr, That the people of every city,
county, or State shall decide for themselves, at an
election to be held for that purpose, the question of
mixed or separate schools for the white or black
people.
Mr. ALCORN. I believe I am entitled to
five minutes on that proposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is
entitled to five minutes.
Mr. ALCORN. I wish to say that I can-
not support that amendment as I understand
its effect, though I am opposed to the princi-
ple ot'foicmg the people in the different States
to provide any other class of schools than
those which suit their wants. In the State
in which I live, and which 1 in part represent
heie, the Legislature has fixed the relations
of the schools; and the colored people them-
selves controlling that legislation, have provid-
ed for separate schools under certain circum-
stances. By the provision of law the repre-
sentatives of twenty-five children in a local-
ity can have a separate school and be enti-
tled to their pro rata amount of the school
fund. We do not wish any other election upon
this subject, or any other trouble with regard
to it. We have passed that ordeal in a way
entirely satisfactory to the people of Missis-
sippi, white and colored. We have estab-
lished a colored university in the State of
Mississippi under the direction of colored
citizens, and it is endowed for ten years with
a sum of $50,000 a year. We have a uni-
versity for ihe whites, endowed with precisely
the same sum. We are going forward there
in the education of the jouih of the State
without trouble, in a way satisfactory to the
people of that State, and I do not wish to have
any other vote upon the subject, inasmuch as
in Mississippi at least the vote has beets had,
and that question for us is settled (if our set-
tlement is allowed to stand) uniil we shall
change our way of thinking. As we go for-
wai d, it may be after awhile that we shall
find it more economical to blend the schools,
but for the peace and harmony of the people,
for the prosperity of the country, we have
allowed separate schools in Mississippi, I
speak of the law itself, passed by the Legisla-
ture and reaffirmed by the Legislature recently
adjourned. We have settled that question in
Mississippi, and if our settlement is permitted
to s'and, we shall have no more trouble
about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter.) The question is on the amendment
proposed by the Senator fiom Missouri to the
amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, if I can, I
always like to have a colored person answer
the arguments made against his race, and I
say let Frederick Douglass answer the Senator
from Missouri. I have in my hand his last
paper, containing an article entitled " Equal-
ity in Schools," m which he says 
Mr. BAYARD. May I ask the honorable
Senator what, is the race of the person he has
just spoken of ?
Mr. SUMNER. The colored race.
Mr. ALCORN. Will the Senator permit
me a word ?
Mr. SUMNER. I have but five minutes.
Mr. ALCORN. I think I did not consume
all my tive minutes. I will call upon Senator
Revels to answer the Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; he never an-
swered me when he was in his seat.
Mr. ALCORN. When I get to Mississippi
I am ready to discuss that matter with him.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. Douglass says:
" This measure is now met with a proposition to
submit the question to the people, to be by them
decided by a vote at an election to be held some
time in July. This, to our mind, is simply coward-
ice. The measure is as just as was the bestowal ot
the right to exercise the elective franchise upon the
colored people of the District of Co lumbia contrary
to the expressed wish of the white people. Congress
abolished slaveiy in this District against the wishes
or its white inhabitants. Why should it not aboiisn
the teaching of casto, which had its foundation in
slavery, whether ihe people of the District would
have it done or not?"
I do not say that, though I agree with it. It
