518
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 23,
Ho. of Reps.
Miscellaneous Appropriations—Mr. Starkweather.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
The board is of the opinion that upon this point
the two places may be considered equal.
" 14. Quality of the water near the site, whether
fresh or salt, and the probable effects of the same
upon the bottoms of iron vessels when laid up for a
length of time."
The water of Hew London is salt, which is un-
doubtedly injurious to the bottoms of iron vessels.
Fresh water for laying up such-vessels, when not
wanted for active service, can be found a few miles
higher up the river. Still, this separation of the
vessels from the immediate supervision of the offi-
cers of the yard would be inconvenient, and at-
tended with additional cost in the necessary pre-
cautions for their protection and safe-keeping. This
objection could be obviated by providing means for
taking such vessels out of the water when not re-
quired for immediate service.
At League Island the water is fresh, and in this
respect the board is of the opinion that the advan-
tage is with League Island, so far as iron vessels are
concerned.
4415. Health of the Vicinity."
No question can be raised as to the superior ex-
cellence of the health enjoyed by the residents of
New London. League Island is situated on a fresh-
water river, nearly surrounded by marshes covered1
with vegetable matter and exposed to tho sun at
every low tide during the day; and although wo are
told that it is as healthy as other places in the vicin-
ity, we cannot believe that League Island can be
regarded as a healthy place. The board is of the
opinion that on this point New London is vastly
superior.
From the foregoing comparison it will appear that
for an average depth ot wator at and near the
site for vessels of the largest class; for security from
attack by an enemy, and facility and economy of
defense, to be easily defended from its own topo-
graphical advantages to be readily reentorced by
troops from a dense population within easy march-
ing distance, not easily blockaded, not too near the
mouth of a bay or river; for abundant space for the
erection of all buildings, docks, and basins that may
be required lor a first-class establishment, with ex-
tensive water front for the accommodation of a large
number of vessels; for facilities for procuring moat
rapidly supplies, stores of all kinds, and materials,
except iron and coal; easy communication by water,
by railroads, and by good common roads, with a coun-
try not likely to be occupied by an enemy, so as to
furnish naval stores and other supplies in time of war;
foranabundantsupply of good, fresh water, both for
all yard purposes and for tho shipping, and for the
facilities for procuring workmen of all classes, the
board is of the opinion that while League Island
possesses some of the requirements to a greater ex-
tent than New London, still either of the two points
possess these qualities to an extent amply sufficient
to meet all the demands of the service, and that on
these points, for all practical uses of a navy-yard
and naval depot, they may bo regarded as equal.
Thatfor facility of ingress and egress; forsecurity
from violent winds and sea, and from ice, whether
fast or moving, lor ample accommodations for safe
anchorago, with good holding-ground in the adja-
cent waters; for the adaptation of tho site to the
construction of permanent stone dry-docks, wot-
baeine, piers, wharves, rolling-mills forge-shops,
furnaces, aod other heavy works; for the topogra-
phy of the site, whether high, requiring excavation
and grading, or low. requiring filling—if the first,
what is the charactcr of the excavation, and if the
second, where are the sources from which the ma-
terial can be obtained; for the mean range of the
tides and exposure to freshets and overflows; for the
set of the currents about the site and their effects,
and for the health of tho vicinity, the board is of
the opinion that New London harbor is superior to
League Island. That for the supply of iron and
coal, and the quality of the water, whether fresh or
salt, and the probable effects of the same upon the
bottoms of iron vessels when laid up for a length
of time, the board is of the opinion that League
Island possesses advantages over the harbor of New
London.
The board is aware of the importance of the ad-
vantages which League Island possesses over tho
harbor of Now London in the immense supplies of
iron and coal, which can, without question, be de-
livered at that point at cheaper rates than at any
other site examined, and also of the fact that tbe
fresh water of the Delaware river would be very
advantageous to the bottoms of iron vessels. Still,
in view of the verygreat expense that must neces-
sarily be incurred in filling up this island before it
can be of practical use for a nnvy-yard, tho proba-
bility that a large annual appropriation will be re-
quired for maintaining a sufficient depth of water at
the island by dredging, the greatcost of pile founda-
tions for every structure required in the yard, the
danger from drift ice, and in view of the many ad-
vuntages possessed by tho harbor of New London
over League Island, the board, after a very careful
examination of all the points under consideration,
and mature deliberation, is of the opinion that the
advantages of a more abundant supply of coal and
iron atLeaguelsland, and atcheaper rates, together
with the advantages of fresh water, are more than
balanced by the superior advantages possessed by
New London in other respects; and therefore,
Eebolvedy That, in the opinion of the board, the
public interests will not be promoted by acquiring
tho titteto League Island for naval purposes.
Resolved, That the harbor of New London pos-
 greater advantages for a navy-yard and naval
depot than any other location examined by this
board.
S. H. STRING-HAM, Presiding Officer.
W. H. GARDNER, Commodore.
G.J. VAN BRUNT, Commodore,
W. P. S. SANGER, Engineer.
Hon. Gideon Welles, Secretary of the Navy.
i also append to my remarks the report of
the Committee on Naval Affairs of the House,
made May 12, 1864, as follows:
The Committee on Naval Affairs, charged by a
resolution of the House, passed January 7,1864, '* to
inquire into and report upon the expediency of the
establishment of a new yard for tho construction,
docking, and repair of iron, iron-clad, and other
vessels, and the proper site for its location," by
order and on behalf of the committee, respeotfully
submits the following report:
necessity of new tabd.
That for some years prior to the breaking out of
the present rebellion a great change had been in
progress in the structure, arming, and armature of
naval vessels. Steam had been gradually supplant-
ing the use of sails, until it had become almost an
indispensable element in the propulsion of a first-
class vcsscl-of-war.
The age of the " old-fashioned ships of the line "
may be said to have passed away with the frigate
Constellation, completed in 1855. tho last sailing
vessel built for the American Navy. The introduc-
tion of steam soon necessitated the use of some
other protection than wood to the exposed portions
of a steamer, upon which her safety and efficiency
so largely depend. This necessity was sought to be
met by tho application of a coating of mail, or
plating of iron, impervious to any ordnance at that
time existing.
These changes were in progress at the commence-
ment of hostilities. But the exigencies of war at
once stimulated the genius of invention all over the
world, and especially in our country, to new forms
of attack and defense. Ordnance was invented of
such tremendous power as to be capable of penetrat-
ing or shattering tho thickest mail, and just when
the problem seemed to be solved in favor of the
power of attack against the power of resistance, the
genius of Ericsson'came to the rescue, and by an
invention most novel and remarkable effected a
complete revolution in the character of naval arch-
itecture.
Changes so radical as these in the construction of
naval vessels, it is evident, require corresponding'
changes and faoilitios in our naval establishments.
But it must be remembered that the existing yards
wore all established for very different purposes than
those which have now bccomc imperative, aud are
in some particulars inadequate to meet these novel
and unexampled conditions. They were mostly
located with reference to the condition of things
existing long beforo these changes had commenced
or were thoughtof, when tho population of the coun-
try was less than one half of its present proportions,
and upon a scale and a capacity adequate to the
then existing wants of tho Navy. That we have
been able in such a condition of affairs, and upon a
sudden emergency, to put and to keep afloat a
larger fleet than was ever maintained by any peo-
plo, and to keep up the most perfect and extensive
blockade known to history, is but another evidence
of the wonderful energy and resources of the great
Republic.
But it must be recollected that to accomplish this
has taxed the utmost capacity not only of the Govern-
ment establishments but of almost every private yard
and workshop of thecountry, and has drawn from the
commercial marine a great number of such vessels
as could be adapted to naval purposes. Many of
these vessels, however officient for a blockade and
ior use against a belligerent almost entirely desti-
tute of snips, seamen, and naval resources, would
prove but a feeble relianoe in the contingency of a
war upon the ocean with a first-class naval Power;
and from our insulated position, a war upon the ocean
is that which in tho future we have most reason to
apprehend. Even with the private workshops of
thecountry at the command of the Navy Depart-
ment, it is constantly happening that weeks, and
sometimes months elapse of unavoidable delay for
necessary repairs to vessels. In one instance, the
Niagra, one of the largest and most efficient naval
steamers, was detained for fourteen months for re-
pairs which should have been completed in as many
weeks, and at a time when her services would have
been of the utmost value. In another, the gunboat
R. R. Guyler was compelled to await ten months
for repa'irs to machinery, which, with proper facili-
ties, ought to have been done in sixty days, while
the expense incurred was nearly equal to its entire
flrst cost. These are marked, but not unusual
cases.
It is, doubtless, within the truth to say that the
probable loss and expense to the Government from
such causes during the continuance of the war will
quite equal, if it does not exceed, the entire cost of
such a yard as is contemplated in this report; and
this opinion is confirmed by the judgment of emi-
nent naval authorities.
The policy of the Government upon the return
of peace must be, as it has hitherto been, and as is
believed to be tho policy of every naval Power in
tho world, mainly to rely upon its own establish-
ments for the building, equipping, and repair of
vessels of war—resorting to private yards and pri-
vate capital, not as the rule, but as the exception.
The efficiency and durability of our Navy, as well
as a sound economy, alike point to this conclusion.
The considerations hitherto adduced have been
drawn mainly from the changes in the kind and
character of naval vessels; to these may be added
those arising from the unexampled increase in their
number.
Within the past three* ears our Navy has increased
from seventy-six to nearly six hundred vessels, of
which some eighty are iron or iron-clad ;trom twenty-
eight hundred to six thousand guns, many of a caliber
hitherto unknown i and from seven thousand to
about fifty thousand sailors, and this during a period
when by the accidents of war two of our naval es-
tablishments have been temporarily lost to thecoun-
try. A wise economy, it is true, will, no doubt, upon
the suppression of the present rebellion, largely re-
duce the forco which the present emergency has
called forth ; but still, in view of the new attitude
in which our civil war has placed us with the na-
tions—the unexpected hostility to our institutions
it has developed, the complications which may arise
out of it. and of the presence of a new throne, up-
held by foreign bayonets upon our southern border—
we must be prepared to maintain at least maritime
equality, and to protect our flag and our commerce
upon every ocean.
It is at once 44 our duty and our destiny" to be-
come a flrst-class naval Power. The events of the
past three years admonish us of the truth of the
apothegm of the father of his country, "that it is
our duty in time of peace to prepare for war;"
and tho experience of the world attests that the
surest and cheapest safeguard against the calam-
ities of war is the requsite preparation to meet it.
The committee herewith submit, in this connection
a comparative statementof the naval establishments
of England, France, and the United States, showing
tho relative capacity of the three great naval Pow-
ers in the matter of docks, yards, and naval facili-
ties.
england.
Depf/ord, on the Thames.—Navy-yard, containing
one hundred and eighty-three acres; seventeen hun-
dred feet water front, five building slips; two dry
docks; one wet dock, two hundred and sixty by two
hundred and twenty feet. Immense storehouses,
with additional yard of ninoteen acres, and wator
fiont, one thousand and sixty feet.
Woolwich, on the Thamev.—Fifty-six acres: water
front, thirty-eight hundred and forty feet; eight
building slips; three dry docks; two wet docks. Im-
mense tounderies, boiler shops, lactones, rolling-
mills, ropewalks, &c.
Chatham, on the Medway — Ninety-five acres; water
front, five thousand feet; island adjoining, of two
hundred and eighty-four acres, used lor yard; four
dry docks; ten building slips. Storehouses, found-
eries, workshops. &c., of immense magnitude.
Shet>meftH.—Fifty -seven acres; one building slip;
five dry docks; one wet dock, five hundred and
twenty-three by three hundred feet, of nearly four
acres; storehouses, workshops, and fouoderies, &c.
Portsmouth, on the Channel.—One hundred and
fifteen acres; thirty-nine hundred feet water front;
seven building-slips; ninedry-docks; twowetbasins
of nearly four acres; wharf, six hundred and sixty
feet long.
Plymouth, on the Channel.— Ninety-two .acres;
thirty-five hundred feet front; six slips; five diy-
docks; wet basin three hundred by two hundred and
eighty; five piers, and a yard adjoining of thirteen
hundred feet water front; basin six hundred and
thirty by five hundred and sixty feet; another of
seven hundred by four huudred, with three docks,
and immense workshops, founderies, &c.
Pembroke, atMilford Uctv*n.—Seventy-seven acres;
water front, twenty-three hundred and fifty-six
feet; one dry-dock, fourteen buildinff-slips, build-
ings, &c. €
In addition to the above enumerated principal
yards, Great Britain has establishments for building
and repairing vessels at Deal, Yarmouth, Gibral-
tar, Malta, Bermuda, Bombay, At>ccusson, Antigua,
Jamaica, Good Hope, Trincomalee, and Hong Kong.
france.
Cherbourg.—Two hundred and fifty-six acres,
twelve building-slips, seven dry-docks, and three
immense basins.
Brest.—One hundred and thirty one acres, eleven
building-slips, six dry-docks, and nearly six miles
water front.
LyOrient.—Two hundred acres, sixteen building-
slips. two immense dry-docks.
llochefort.—Three hundred acres, on both sides of
the river, ten building-slips, two dry-docks.
Toulon—Two hundred and forty acres, twenty
building-slips, eight dry-docks.
ladret, on the Loire.—An immense establishment
for steam machinery and iron vessels, carefully
guarded against inspection by foreigners.
Dunkirk.—Large wet basin, with building-slips
and other structures.
Havre.—Two building-slips, with other works.
Bayonne.—Several slips, used in time of war only.
united states.
Portsmouth.—Fifty-five acres of avail ableland, one
floating-dock, and three building-slips.
Oharlestown.—Eighty acres, six hundred feet front,
one stone dock, and three building-slips. To whick
