4154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
nobody not in the secret—I do not say there
was any secret; I do not say it was not wholly
accidental that we were driven under whip and
spue through a night and found* the next
morning the coast clear for a political assault
■with the five-minutes rule out of the way—
but who, that was not in the secret, would
have supposed that one single Senator yester-
day morning would give the whole day, and
another the whole evening, to the winds, so
that not one step of advance could be made
in the -great appropriation bill which remains
to be acted on, the most important in some
respects of all the appropriation bills?
Now, if we fix a day three days hence or a
week hence, it is at the option of every mem-
ber of this body of either political party to
devote one day or two days. or every day, as
be pleases. If we fix no day, the disposition
that seems to prevail on all sides to hasten a
conclusion will enable us to do it, because no
motive is presented to any one opposed to
particular measures to wear them out by delay,
no idea of advantage by forcing an extra ses-
sion can enter in, but all will concur in pro-
ceeding to a conclusion of the business. This
seems to me very plain. I do not want to di-
late upon it. I am sorry to occupy a moment
of the time of the Senate, but I submit that we
might at least vote upon the pending proposi-
tion. If a majority of the Senate is in favor
of fixing a day, that ends it of course. If the
majority is in favor of rescinding the adjourn-
ment resolution altogether for the present, so
be it, and let the resolution go at once to the
House, in order that we may know what the
House prefers on the subject.
Mr. CASSERLY. I regret, sir, that the
Senator from New York should have seen fit
to address his emphatic reproaches to the con-
duct of the minority with which I act in this
Chamber for its course in regard to the tariff
bill. Indeed, there was running through his
remarks an arraignment of the minority on
two points. One point was on its want of
courtesy in refusing a recess for needful rest
and food; the other was the fact, that the
minority was in a secret; that is to say, in a
private scheme the object of which was, to use
the language of the Senator himself, to clear
the decks of the Senate the next day for the
two speeches which were delivered by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts and the Senator from
Missouri. I wish to say that so far as I have
observed the miuoiity of this body has never
been wanting in the courtesies or the proprie-
ties of this body as the minority understood
them. .1 know of r.o Senator who has more
frequently in my time in this body insisted on
using the power of the majority so relentlessly
as the Senator from New York; no Senator
who, time after ticne, lias insisted on com-
pelling the miuoiity here to sit during long
and weary sessions. 1 do not say that to
reproach him ; I say it simply to remind him
that if we did err in regard to a tariff bill we
had a very distinguished precedent for our
error.
Mr. THURMAN. Allow me to suggest that
I moved twice for a recess of an hour on the
night of the tariff bill, and, accordibg to my
observation, every Democrat on this floor
voted with me for the recess.
. Mr. CONRLING. Was a record made of
that vote ?
Mr. THURMAN. According to my recol-
lection every Democrat on the floor so voted.
Mr. CONKLING. I did not. mean to speak
of anything but the T'ote. I think if he will
look at the record he will find 
Mr. CASSERLY. I must, proceed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry.
of Michigan, in the chair.) The Senator from
California insists on his right to the floor, and
will proceed.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from Ohio
remarks two instances of motions made by
himself for a recess, both of which motions
were voted down, as he says, in spite of the
general support of the minority. Then the
Senator from New York challenged him for a
record. There is no record of either of these
motions, so far as I can see; but 1 have here
the last record that was taken on the subject.
About six o'clock of that long session the
Senator from Pennsylvania farthest from me
[Mr. Cameron] moved a recess till lialf-past
seven. I observe that he said in his remarks:
" I move that we take a recess for two hours. Itis
after five o'clock now,"
There was a yea and nay vote taken on a
recess ; and now I beg the attention of the
Senator from New York, after the ieproaches
which he addressed to the minority .here, first
that they were discourteous and next that they
were in a plot with a view to proceedings the
next day, to listen to what I have to say. I
have the record here.
Mr. CONKLING. May I understand what
the Senator is going to read from? Is this
something that occurred in the afternoon or
the evening ?
Mr. CASSERLY. I am very sorry the Sen-
ator was so much engaged about something
else that he did not attend to what I was say-
ing. I will repeat it. After five o'clock oil
that day the Senator from Pennsylvania moved
a recess until half past seven. Now, I ask the
Senator from New York, who has charged not
only discourtesy upon the minority here, but a
secret plot to clear the decks of the Senate for
two political speeches the next day, to attend
to the last record that I believe exists as to the
vote on the subject of a recess. That was the
vote taken on the motion of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, which I have just described.
The motion for a recess was voted down by 31
votes to 17, and of the thirty-one Senators
a majority were members of the same party
with theSenaior from New York; that is to say,
if eighteen make a majority of thirtvone, I
wish to call the attention of the Senator him-
self to the fact that among the gentlemen who
voted against that recess was himself.
Mr. CONIiLING. No doubt of it; in the
afternoon I did.
Mr. CASSERLY. Now, sir, if there was
any discourtesy or any plot the Senator from
New York must take his full share of it. He
says it was in the afternoon. It was after five
o' clock of the afternoon. It was the usual hour
for a recess.
Now, sir, as to the plot: I was astonished
yesterday to hear, accidentally, thata suspicion
ofsomesuch thing on thepartofthe minority had
found color on ihe other side of the Chamber.
I could scarcely believe that such a suspicion
had found credence there. Certainly nothing
was further from my mind. I have taken the
trouble to inquire of my political associates,
and I may say for them, one and all, that no
such idea entered for a moment into their
heads. No man in the Chamber, not even the
Senator from New York, was more surprised
by what took place the next day than the Dem-
ocratic minority here. And if there was any
such plot, I ask why it was that neither of the
two Senators, who delivered those speeches,
the Senator from Massachusetts and the Sen-
ator from Missouri, was on hand to help to
carry out the plot? In this same vote, which
is the last recorded vote in the Globe of yester-
day, on the subject of a recess, I find the names
of both those Seuators among the "absent;"
that is to say, they were absent, or if present
they did not vote.
That is all I have to say. There was no dis-
courtesy ; there was no plot. The Senator
from Indiana is right when he says that the
Democrats, though unanimous in favor of dis-
posing of the tariff bill if possible at that one
sitting, could not have accomplished it by
themselves ; and most of the votes against re-
cesses, and most of the votes against dilatory
motions, will show a majority of Republicans
acting with the minority on this floor. The
'majority were just as much in the plot, if plot
there was, as the Democrats. They were as
much implicated in discourtesy, if discourtesy
there was, as the Democrats.
The truth is that so far as we were con-
cerned there was no discourtesy, there was
nothing butthe pure and simple earnest desiie
to dispose of the public business. W e were
willing, as we have been willing throughout
this session and all other sessions, to lend all
reasonable facilities to the passage of those
great bills which are essential to the Govern-
ment. It never can be true, it never can be
excusable for any Senator in this body to say
of the miuority here that they have at any
time intentionally given obstruction to the
passage of any one of the bills to which I
have referred. I mean, of course, those bills
without which no Government could go on—
revenue bills and appropriation bills. We
have not obstructed them this session. Our
conduct the other night was the best pledge
we could give of our earnest desire to aid the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, as
we had aided the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations to push through all those
bills. We are ready to do it still. If political
issues have been made at this advanced stage
of the session, they have been made by gen-
tlemen on the other side of the Chamber ;
„they have not been suggested or originated by
"us. It is not just for the Senator from New
York to impute to us anything of that kind.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. President, I am not sur-
prised at all at the exhibition of virtue on the
other side of the Chamber at this late hour—
the disposition that has been shown this morn-
ing on the part of those Senators to press for-
ward and attend especially to legislative busi-
ness and none other and deprive every one in
the Senate who had a desire to say anything
in reference to questions of a political char-
acter or of a personal nature of the oppor-
tunity to do so.
This desire and virtue, however, has but
recently seized them. A majority of us remained
here day and night almost for the purpose of
perfecting and passing and getting through
the public business. There has not been an
hour of legislation for the last two weeks that
I have not attended, either day or night. I
have attended meetings of committees early in
the morning, as early as nine o'clock, the ses-
sion of the Senate at eleven, and remained
here until twelve o'clock at night, and on one
occasion until nine o'clock the next morning,
and on anothertill four o'clock in the morning.
The majority of the Senate did the same.
While we were doing the business of the coun-
try, however, an exhibition-came oft' here on
yesterday that our Democratic friends on the
opposite side of the Chamber might well be
satisfied with; and since this exhibition they
clamor for an early adjournment. If ever a
midnight lamp burned to prepare with cool
and calm deliberation malignant and brutal
attacks upon any human being, either living or
dead, that lamp has been exhausted and ex-
pended for the purpose of putting them forth
in this Chamber, from which attacks benefits
may result to that side of the Chamber, or at
least the intention must have been such. Well
may the Senators on that side be satisfied with
what has been done. Well may they say they
desire to dispose of the public business at once
aud return home, because these charges that
have been in preparation for their benelit were
better prepared, better delivered, better put
forth before the country than either one of
them, in my judgment, is capable of doing.
Your side of the case has been made, made
for you, and made by gentlemen claiming to
be on this side of the Chamber, and, as 1 say,
in my judgment better prepared and better
presented to the country than it would have
been if prepared by yourselves.
I came here this morning, as humble as I
am, and as feeble in ability as I may be, with
an intention of defending in my feeble way an
old soldier in the camps, of whom I took
part for years. But I saw that the pressure
