1466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
that Isthmus, which is less than one hundredth
part of the whole distance.
I think I have shown that it is not an op-
pression and exaction on the part of the over-
land company against the Pacific Steamship
Company if a contract of this kind exists. For
it is for the interest of the steamship company
and for the benefit of trade that such an ar-
rangement exists ; otherwise the company is
compelled to carry at a loss of $40,000 on each
voyage or make the rates of freight entirely
too high. Moreover, the great increase of
business in the importation of tea, which is
being done by means of the overland railroad
and China line, shows that these arrangements
are a public benefit. The business would not
increase so enormously if it were not that the
public is satisfied with the business, and that
the facilities answer their purpose.
And now whom does the gentleman cite as
authority for this demand that the teasinstead
of taking a direct and natural and cheaper
route, as I have shown, should come by way
of the Isthmus? Why, it is not the demand of
the steamship companies on either side. It is
the demand of the Panama Railroad Company.
The gentleman had read here an extract from
a letter of a former president and present
stockholder of the Panama Railroad Com-
pany. I know that gentleman's name, and
understood at a glance his motives.
Why, sir, if ever there has been an institu-
tion which has done more than any other to
throttle the business and retard the prosperity
of California, notwithstanding the enterprise
of the Pacific Mail Company, it is that Pan-
ama Railroad Company. I have been myself
fifteen times over this route, traveling to and
' from San Francisco. They charged in the
days of their power for cabin and steerage
passengers alike twenty-five dollars in gold
for carrying them forty-seven and a half miles,
making it the most costly trip any man ever
made in his life over the same distance. Al-
though they make this enormous charge year
after year, they put the steerage passengers in
inferior cars, and make no discrimination
whatever in the price. In the cars runuiug
through feverish swamps, over-crowded and
inconvenient, they had not even a cup of cold
water for the benefit of suffering women and
children. I have been compelled myself many
a time, when having women and children un-
der my charge, to dip up the fevered water
from some ditch to still the waitings of the
children, or relieve the sufferings of the women.
They provided no shelter for passengers at the
two ends of the road, but kept them exposed
iu the broiling sun or rain for hours while they
leisurely made arrangements for forwarding
them. Many a person there had sown the
seeds of disease that shortened his life.
That company charged twenty dollars a ton
forslow freight and sixty dollars a ton for fast
freight—that is, for the carriage of it from one
steamer and delivering it on the other side of
the Isthmus between connecting steamers.
Asl have said, they charged for forty-seven and
a half miles one fourth of the whole freight on
tea from San Francisco to New York. They
charge for that distance the same rates as the
steamers charge for carrying it three thousand
miles. They charge the same rate for carrying
tea forty-seven and half miles which the over-
land railroad charges for carrying it eleven
hundred miles.
Now they think they can compel the busi-
ness of the country still to go by Panama.
Why, they do not seem to know that the over-
land railroad has been built. They are not up
to the times. They think they can force bacls:
the currents of trade through that old, obso-
lete, and dangerous route. It is the same
policy which was pursued in reference to the
Pacific Steam Navigation Company of Liver-
pool years ago. Their exactions were so terri-
ble that this steamship company was com-
pelled reluctantly, although they had a line—
which I shall show to- gentlemen here on the
map, running down the coast of South Amer-
ica from Panama to Valparaiso—that it was
compelled, I say, in order to escape the ex-
actions on its business, to run a monthly line
down into the inhospitable region about Cape
Horn, through the straits of Magellan and
on to Liverpool, eight thousand miles. And
that line has been increased from a monthly
to a semi-monthly, and now I believe to a
weekly line. The company's old line still
runs up the coast from Valparaiso, but instead
of feeding up the coast and giving business to
the Panama railroad, the line feeds down the
coast to the other line which is run through
this inhospitable region, the region of icebergs
and storms, that is traced by my linger 011 this
map.
Now, sir, with such incidents as these in
the history of this company, when by the
policy they adopted they forced this line to
get to Liverpool by going through the straits
of Magellan instead of by the natural connec-
tion, by the high rates of their tariff and selfish,
grasping spirit, can they expect us by our legis-
lation to aid them in their scheme, when the
result is the delivering of an inferior article at
a greater rate of freight and insurance? They
talk about a restraint on trade. Could there
be a greater restraint on trade than this ?
Why, sir, this Panama Railroad Company
have sat there at the Isthmus for years back
riding the neck of trade, realizing the story
of Sinbad the Sailor and the Old Man
of the Sea. They have pinched the con-
tinent at its waist and throttled commerce.
Now they come in with their antique notions
and with this miserable history of exaction
against those who were compelled once to go
by their route, but now are happily delivered
from it, asking that we shall force traffic down
through this route. They themselves have
driven off the most enterprising people on
the earth, excepting our own, and com-
pelled them to carry their line through the
straits of Magellan, instead of by the natural
route. They have ridden this steamship com-
pany itself almost to death by prohibitory
tariffs. That is a restraint of trade. They
have fleeced by outrageous charges every pas-
senger by their route, and that is a restraint of
trade. They exact an outrageous freight charge
on tea, and that is a restraint of trade.
Now, in the few moments left to me t wish
to say a word or two" more particularly in ref-
erence to the pending bill, for I think the
remarks of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Cox] were not strictly on the poiut in
this bill, though demanding a leply when
made. I sought the floor as soon as he had
concluded, but then failed to get it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SARGENT. i hope my friend from
Connecticut will allow me ten minutes more.
Mr. KELLOGG. I will allow the gentle-
man ten minutes.
Mr. SARGBNT. I will say in reference to
the extract read by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Kilunueb] from the Alta Caii-
fornian, that I think I know the sentiments
of the people of California ami of the city of
San Francisco, and that they,are in favor of
this measure. 1 could show if I had time that
the San Francisco Bulletin, the great commer-
cial paper of San Francisco, free from all specu-
lative schemes, approves of this proposition.
Sir, I voted for this proposition in the last
Congress. I could not have outraged public
opinion, for I received a unanimous vote for
renomination and ran ahead of my ticket, and
afterward was elected by an almost unani-
mous vote of the Legislature to another posi-
tion. I mention this because everything in
my record and everything that could be used
to oppose me was placed by those opposing
me before the people in the worst possible
light. I am glad they could find nothing worse,
and so much deemed praiseworthy.
Mr. COX. It did not hurt you.
Mr. SARGENT. No; so it seems.
Now, my reasons for voting for this meas-
ure formerly and now are that it is needed to
extend commerce. I cannot elaborate, but
this road ought to end on terra Jirma, and as
near San Francisco as possible.
Again, we have S-35,000,000invested in a sec-
ond mortgage on this road. I was not here in
1862 when the bonds were changed to the sec-
ond mortgage instead of the first, and do not
know that I should have deemed that measure
necessary, but we have that amount now in-
vested in the road with the less security, and
shall we ever recover it? We have $55,000,000
invested in the road, and if we can get secur-
ity it is our duty to do it. To build up the
business of the road, to increase its value by
giving facilities, is to increase the value of our
security.
Again, this island is useless except for rail-
road purposes or for a fortification. Half of
the island is ample for the latter purpose,
and better than the whole without a railroad
running to it for the transmission of troops,
material, &c. But the bill gives only the
use of half of the island, the whole to be
taken by the Government when needed for
military purposes. It is useless for any busi-
ness purpose, being barren and rocky, inca-
pable ol cultivation, while too remote from
San Francisco for trade uses, except as util-
ized by the railroads for warehouse and land-
ing purposes. For twenty-odd years it has
reared its head, a rock peak in pait tluee
hundred feet high, useless and unimproved
except by a sergeant's guard, and for the next
twenty or fifty years it will so remain unless
some such disposition as this is made of it.
The Government has never fortified a foot
of it, may never do so. Seventy acres would
be enough for its works and far in excess of
their needs, if it ever does. But instead of
this barren, unsightly rock, it would be an em-
bellishment to the harbor to level it and cover
it with warehouses and freight depots, while
adding to the facilities of commerce and to the
taxable property of the State. It makes little
difference where the warehouses for transship-
ment of the company are, so far as San Fran-
cisco or Oakland is concerned, any more
than it makes a difference to New York or
Brooklyn on which side of the Bast river the
docks of a steamship line there are. The great
object is to facilitate tiade, to encourage the
traffic that drains through the Suez canal to
pour into our harbor, and gather in one stream
through the Golden Gate the trade of the Pa-
cific. Then the direct benefits go beyond all
little, incidental considerations.
This is not a land grant in the sense of being
antagonistic to the rights of settlers, for neither
homestead norpreiimption in any decent sense
is possible on this island. I have long since
taken a position antagonistic to land grants
where the rights of actual settlers are not pro-
tected to purchase in limited quantities at a
price not exceeding $2 50 per acre. Railroads
are part of the civilization of the age, but there
are rights to be protected when they are aided.
But as this bill does not encroach on those
principles, as no settlers are involved, and can-
not be, for the reasons I have given, 1 shall
vote for the bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLOGG. I yield ten minutes to
my colleague from Connecticut, [Mr. Stroxo. ]
Mr. STRONG. I trust that 1 do notunder-
value the great work of the Pacific Railroad
Company. The political and commercial bene-
fits and advantages which will assuredly result
from it can hardly be overestimated. I fully
agree with the friends of this bill that the enter-
prising men who projected, constructed, and
gave the Pacific railroad to the country mer-
ited liberal treatment at the hands of Con-
gress. And, sir, have they not received it?
Let us for a moment look at the condition of
