1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3259
is a colored orator who says it, and I am glad
to read these words on this floor. Let the
Senator from Mississippi and the Senator
from Missouri answer them if they can. He
speaks vvith the natural sensibilities of his
insulted race, and he speaks also with that
knowledge which comes from experience. He
knows that all these great measures have been
met precisely in the same way. He knows
that we here in this Chamber were obliged,
when pressing the abolition of slavery, to
encounter this same proposition, and so when
pressing the colored suffrage we encountered
again this same proposition. Sir, ic is a com-
mon device of the enemy, and I hope the
Senate will treat it so.
This, sir, is no common question. You are
called to decide whether you will give your
sanction to a system of caste which so long as
it endures will render your school system a
nursery of wrong and injustice, when it ought
to be of right. How can you expect the col
ored child or the white child to grow up to those
relations which they are to have together at the
ballot-box if you begin by degrading the col-
ored child at the school and by exalting the
white child at the school ? Train up the child
in the way he should go. There are Senators
here who would train children in the way they
should not go.
In another article Mr. Douglass has pre-
sented this point very strongly :
" Throughout the South all the schools should be
mixed. From our observations during a trip to the
South we are convinced that the interest-* of the
poor whites and the colored people are identical.
Both sire ignorant, and both are the tools of design-
ing. educated white men, and the poor whites are
more particularly used to turther schemes opposed
to their own best interests.'* * * *
" Edueato tho poor white children and thecolored
children together, let them grow up to know that
color makes no difference as to the rights of a man,
thut both the black man and the white man are at
home, that the country is as much the country of
one as of the other, and that both together must
make it a valuable country. Now, in the South the
poor white man is taught that he is better ttion the
black man, and not as good as the two hundred and
fifty thousand slave holders of former days; tne
result is ttiat the slaveholders command tho poor
white man to murder the black man, to burn down
his school-houses, and to in every conceivable man-
ner maltreat him, and the command is obeyed."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's five minutes have expired.
ilr. BLAIR,. Mr. President, when I first
offered my amendment (did notdeem it neces-
sary to say anything in favor of a proposition
so palpably just and proper. I did not sup-
pose there was any one who would denytothe
people of any of our communities the right to
arrange their schools as best suited them. I
did not suppose that even the Senator from
Massachusetts would deny that the people of
the several communities of this country had
therigiit to arrange for themselves their schools
as suited them; and, therefore, I did not
think it necessary to address to tho Seuate
any argument in favor of a proposition so
palpahiy just. But. it seems that [ was mis-
taken ; that the right, of local self-goverement,
the right of those who establish and pay for
these schools out of taxes on their property to
control them is denied ; that the people are
to be controlled by a central power here in
everything; that this Government is to set
itself up to control the people of this country
in the minutest, matters of their social inter-
course ; that we are to have this power of
Government diiven home to our very lire
sides, and that the associations of our chil-
dren are to be dictated by a central oligarchy
seated here in Waslrngton.
The Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Alcorn]
tells us that the people of Mississippi have
decided this question. Their decision is over-
ruled by this bul. In order that the people
of Mississippi may retain the right, to control
their own schools, he must vote lor my amend-
ment. Otherwise, what has been done by the
peoiile of Mississippi, and by the negroes of
Mississippi, in ordering that there shail besep
arate schools in that State, is overridden here
in the Senate and by the Congress of the Uni-
ted States. It is wei! known that throughout
the South and everywhere in this country the
white people pay practically all the money for
these schools; and if they are made mixed
schools throughout that whole country the
white children will be withdrawn from them ;
those who pay for the education of the people
will withdraw their children, and receive no
benefit from that for which they pay practi-
cally the entire sum.
I suppose there is not a fraction of a tax col-
lected throughout the entire South from any
negro for the maintenance of public schools;
and yet the taxes levied upon the white peo-
ple are to be devoted entirely to the education
of negroes. The wealthy people of the South
can, perhaps, send their children to select
schools, to private schools; but the public
schools will be closed to the white people if
this amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts should pass and should be maintained
as constitutional. I do not believe that it will
be considered constitutional or maintained by
the courts. I do not believe that our people
have sunk yet to that degradation that the
Congress of the United States can dictate to
them in these matters. I think there are some
things which they can control for themselves
despite the resolutions of this Congress, and
I believe that the courts will decide that this
action is a nullity ; but if it is not so decided,
then 1 tell you there will be no public schools
a.!, all in the southern States, unless they are
set up and maintained by Congress. The
people of the South will not maintain schools
of which they are denied the benefits.
Gentlemen need not flatter themselves that
there will be any public schools maintained
throughout that whole region if this amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts is
pissed and it "hall be upheld as constitutional.
Every State in the South and many in the
North will withdraw and overthrow entirely
the system of common schools if this measure
is passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
state to the Senator from Missouri that his
five minutes have now expired.
Mr. BLAIR. I am obliged to the Chair.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I have not
said a word in the course of this debate, and I
would not attempt to say a word now if I
were not limited in time by a rule to five min-
utes. That is a protection which the Senate
has against me in this case. [Laughter.]
I shall be obliged to vote against the amend-
ment of the Senator from Missouri, as I voted
against the amendment moved by the Senator
from Connecticut, and I have two reasons for
doing so. First, I think the reason urged by
the Senator from Massachusetts ought to be
of itself sufficient, ought to be sufficient for
that purpose, that there is an imperative ne-
cessity resting upon us, as I think, to put an
end, once and for all, to what that Senator
calls, and what others have called, I think
rightly, the spirit of caste. Men of all colors,
for good or for evil, have at last come to be
American citizens. Now, if they are Amer-
ican citizens, are to share the same responsi-
bility, fill the same offices, I do not see how
we "can possibly help giviig them the same
privileges and the same rights. That is one
reason why I shall vote against this amend-
ment.
Another reason is that, in my judgment, you
cannot, if the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri is adopted, have a system, of educa-
tion fit to be called a system, for the simple
reason that out of the same funds you will be
compelled, if you do not agree to mixed
schools, to adopt a double system of schools.
The great necessity of the time is for money
to maintain one system of schools for the
eudcalion of all the people. If you will not
let boys and girls of both colors go into the
same houses, you have got to provide two
school-houses for the same number. You can
maintain one system of schools for the whole
at a great deal less expense, as everybody
knows, then you can maintain two. 1 shall
not stop to enlarge upon this.
The Senator from Missouri spoke of a cen-
tral oligarchy here, and 1 heard the Senator
from Connecticut, just as I came into the Seu-
ate Chamber not long since, allude tothe cen-
tralizing tendencies of these times. I want to
say, in reply to both these Senators, that I
have not discovered any central oligarchy
here, and I do not know what the Senator
from Connecticut means when he speaks of
the centralizing tendencies of these times. I
deny the existence of the oligarchy. I deny
the existence of any such tendency. The
Senator from Missouri is certainly mistaken
when he speaks of an oligarchy here. There
is no such thing. Here are the States of the
Union represented in these two Houses. The
representatives of the people of the United
States, we are here, and we speak. There is
no centralized oligarchy here at all. When-
ever these forty million people do not like
what we say, they can take us away one by
one and send other men here. You have a
Legislature as you always had; a President as
you always had—better than you have often
had—you have courts as you have always
had; they are appointed by the same authori-
ties that they have always been appointed by.
I do not see any occasion for alarm, then, Mr.
President. It is true we have incorporated
into the Constitution three new articles which
do confer upon the Congress ot the United
States legislative authority which they did not
exercise before. Now, 1 believe the authority
which we are called upon to exercise in this
particular bill is covered by one of these
amendments. If I am mistaken, or the Sena-
tor from Missouri thinks I am and the Senator
from Connecticut thinks so, I shall be cor-
rec ed in due time; but believing tho power is
there, I shall act upon that belief.
Mr. HILL. Mr. Pr; sident, as it has been a
favorite method of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts who has charge of this amendment
to reply to his adversaries by quoting the say-
ings of colored men, 1 propose to answer his
quotation from a half colored man by a con-
versation I had with a whole colored man
within the last ten days, a man who can com-
pare in Africanism wi.h any man m the coun-
try, or in Africa even ; and in intelligence and
character, I undertake to say, with any white
man. Falling in vvith him casually in the car<s
within a few days past, (and he is a man
cherished for his viitues in Washington city,)
he begged me as his friend—inti he is the
father of a large family and an intelligent
man—to interpose as far as I could to pre-
vent the passage of this mischievous measura
of the Senator from Massachusetts. He knew
what he was talking about. He is a man
who sits in the grand jury box of this Dis-
trict, cherished by the whit- people of this
District, and thought worthy ot high position
in the District. He said it was the death knell
of common schools if this measure succeeded
here, and that you might as well throw away
the whole system at once. He told me that
the colored schools here were prosp"rous and
were well conducted, and the coloied people
needed no amendment of the law in regard to
them, and everybody would be happy J it were
not for the demagogues of the land. He asked
mellow it was in my own State, and 1 told
him that there the greatest agitator I knew ot
was a man wiio had so little colo-eJ blood Ju
him that the Democra's in the Georgia Legis-
lature could not exclude him ; and it he liad
had as much as one eighth he v, ould havo
been turned out. He is a prominent indi
vidual, and an especial pet- of theSenator
from Massachusetts, through him holding high
poti'ion in the State. He has been hit'.,-i to
going to hotels and passing always as a white
man, until these troublous timf: suggested to
him that there was profit hi being a colored
