620
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE'.
[May 23,
Ho. of Reps.
Miscellaneous Appropriations—Mr. Starkweather.
42n Cons....2d Sess.
ited. It is very strongly stated by the commission
appointed by the Secretary. The officers of the
Atlantic Insurance Company, Hew York, state that
*' the premiums on risks to Philadelphia is increased
during the winter months one hundred per cent.,
solely in consequence of the increased damage from
ice in the Delaware." Admiral Gregory testifies to
having nearly lost the frigate Ilaritan therefrom
that cause. And proof was submitted showing that
thelocal offices at Philadelphia excepted the ice risk
in their ordinary policies, sometimes declined to take
it entirely, and always charged an extra premium
for assuming it. A long list of vessels was also sub-
mitted from the marine offices at PhUadephia, whioh
had been cut through or destroyed by ice in the
Delaware bay and river within the past few years.
And while the committee were investigating this
subject, the United States gunboat Galena, ordered
to join Admiral Farr&gut's fleet, in getting to sea
from Philadelphia, was so badly injured by the ice
that she was towed to Baltimore, where she was de-
tained a month for repairs, which cost the Govern-
ment several thousand dollars, her voyage broken
up at a time when her services were greatly needed
by the country. It was also shown that the Penn-
sylvania Railroad Company had caused a survey to
be made of League Island, with a view to adopting
it as their depot for coal, and that it was finally
abandoned after a report of their engineer, an ex-
tract from which the committee herewith submit as
of very high authority:
"I trust that it may not be considered as over-
stepping the limits of the question intrusted to me,
if a few remarks bearing upon the navigation of the
river during the winter season be presented as a
point of great moment in comparing the sites at
League Island with the Point House, and those im-
mediately above it.
" You will perceive that the face of League Island
is subjected to the full force of the flood-tide from
the long reach in the river, extending southwest-
wardly, the effect of which has been, as represented
by the statements of those most familiar with our
river, and its winds, currents, and bars, to pile up
the drifting ico upon the entire island shore-line;
and, indeed, I have before mo evidence to the effoct
that in all times of obstruction by ico, ve-sels can be
brought with much less difficulty through the Horse-
shoe channel than to League Island. It may bo
stated that an ioe $uard could be constructed that
would relieve the iron* from the drifting ice of the
flood-tide, but the effect of such breakwater would
be to cause deposits within the surface affected, thus
subjecting you to a continued and heavy expen-
diture for dredging.
STRICKLAND KNEAS3,
Civil Engineer.*'
The dangers and detays fromthis cause are so well
understood and reoognized by the commercial world
that from tho tables of the last annual report of the
Com Exchange of Philadelphia, it appears that the
coastwise arrivals to that port for the winter months,
(January and February,) computed for four years,
averaged five hundred and two per month, while
during the other months they averaged for the same
period more than three thousand five hundred per
month; an increase of navigation for tho summer
over the winter months of three thousand per month,
or six hundred per oent; a very significant evidence
of the extent of this obstruction to navigation in
the estimation of the pr^tctioal ship-masters and
owners of the United States.
The Philadelphia and Reading? Railroad Com-
pany, one of the largest carrying lines in the State,
which had constructed at large outlay its coal docks
at Port Richmond, just above League Island, finding
the dangers, delays, and obstruetionsfrom this cause
so insuperable, have recently, in conjunction with
the Philadelphia, Wilmington, and Baltimore rail-
road, at a very large expense, erected their piers and
coal wharves thirty miles lower down tho river,
passing by League Island and Marcus Hook as in-
admissible for their purpose. SenatorRiddlein his
statementbefore the committee in favor of New Cas-
tle, said as of his own personal knowledge, "that
the Delaware was frequently frozen from Chester up
to Philadelphia; that he himself had driven over it
in a sleigh, and seen transportation carried by teams
from one shore to the other;" und that "at the
breaking up of the ice at the Horseshoe, it was
grounded upon the bar off League Island, until by
the force of the current it was oarried Violently upon
the shore, and sometimes completely over the high
wall which surrounds the island."
The obstructions to navigation thus far considered
are mainly from floating ice, and are applicable alike
to naval vessels and to the merchant marine. But
the objections on account of fast ioe would, it is be-
lieved, be also weighty at a naval station. Such a
point would be out of the track of ordinary naviga-
tion. Here in still water, both at the wharves and
building-slips, and in the docks and basins, all ves-
sels awaiting repairs or lying in ordinary would be
liable to be frozen in. This difficulty could only be
obviated at a largeand constantly recurring expense
during the winter months, and would be productive
of great inconvenience and delay in the ordinary
uses of the yard.
These objections are alluded to by the Secretary
of the Navy in his annual report as "serious and
weighty," and by Admiral Smith, the chief of the
Bureau of Yards and Docks, to be so formidable as
*'to be at once discovered by tho most superficial
observer." To your committee they seem decisive
of the question. But there are still other objections,
perhaps less controlling, but weighty in their char-
acter.
health.
The healthfulness of the site to be adopted be-
comes a very important consideration in view of the
fact that some three or four thousand workmen
would be employed at a first class naval establish1
ment, besides the officers and crews of vessels con-
stantly going into or out of commission; and it can
hardly be probable that an island surrounded by
marsnos, exposing to the sun their alluvial and
vegetable deposits at every low tide, can be a
healthful locality.
Between League Island and the settled portion of
Philadelphia there intervenes for some two or three
miles a similar low marshy formation, lower than
the river, and protected from it by dikes, with large
ditches to drain the surface water, which localities
are ordinarily liable to the prevalence of fever and
ague, typhus, and othfer classes of diseases, andshould
they prevail here, would not only impair the effi-
ciency of tho yard, but would very materially affect
the net economy of its labor, while the time lost to
laborers in going to and from the city? a distance of
from three to five miles, together with the cost of
their transportation, would necessarily increase the
cost of labor, and at the expense of the Government.
These objections would seem to outweigh any ad-
vantages, real or supposed, which may be olaimed
for this locality, and would, if there were no other
proposed site, render the question of its adoption
one of very doubtful propriety.
chester, mabcus hook, and new castle.
Two other sites were proposed upon the Delaware.
One near Marcus Hook or Chester, the other at New
Castle. Neither had been presented to notice-before
the session of the present Congress, nor had either
been the subject of a scientific examination. Tho
latter w-as presented at a comparatively advanced
period of tho session. Tho committee, however,
made a personal examination of one of them, and
have carefully considered the claims presented by
each. .Without ontering into a detailed statement
of tho facts upon which their conclusions were
grounded, they were, with great unanimity, of tho
opinion that neither possessed the essential requi-
sites for such an establishment Both were open in
a greater or less degree to many of the objections
which obtained at League Island, without some of
the advantages presented by it. Tho selection of
either would, if the present yard at Philadelphia
were retained, involve tho objection of two yards
within a few miles of each other, on the Dclawaro,
a stream tho limited capacity of which for naval
purposes has already been shown in tins report. It
is hardly to be supposed that the city of Philadel-
phia would willingly permit the present yard to be
removed unless League Island were adopted ; and
even if she were willing, it may be very seriously
questioned whether the Government could afford to
sacrifice the $2,000,000 it has already invested in the
woiks at the present site.
north etver.
Since the decision of the question by the commit-
tee, and tho preparation of this report, another site
has been proposed—upon the Hudson river, nearly
opposite Yonkers, and in the State of New Jersey.
Tins site has not been subjected to a aciontific exam-
ination, and is suggested at so late a period that the
committee havo lound themselves unprepared to ex-
press any opinion thoreon, It is believed, howover,
that tho question of " the expediency of adopting this
site." referred to them by the House, is substan-
tially answered by tho views heretofore expressed
of th.e immediato necessity of tho establishment of
a new yard, and of the conclusion to which the
committee have already arrived, that the site at
Now London combines all the necessary advantages
for the proposed establishment.
new london'.
The committee now pass to the consideration of
the relative advantages and disadvantages of the
site upon the Thames just above the harbor at New
London, Connecticut. These advantages have been
made the subject of examination and recommenda-
tion by the naval authorities from a very early
period of our history.
Soon after emerging from our revolutionary strug-
gle, and when it had become evidentthat the neces-
sities of our position would lead us to become one of
the naval Powers of the world, it was in contempla-
tion to establish one gran4 yard and depot for the
entire American Navy. A commission, formed of
the senior officers of the Navy, after a careful exam-
ination of all sites, recommended New London '* as
the best harbor in the United States for that pur-
pobe." 4
This judgment was afterward confirmed by Com-
modores Hull, Rogers, Decatur, Jones, Morris, and
Biddle, who were all stationed there prior to or dur-
ing the war of 1812-13, and whose judgment was
based upon actual observation; and during the
present contest, and since the modern improvements
in the methods of naval attack and defense were
developed, a like judgment has been pronounced
by such eminent naval authorities as Admirals
Foote, Stringham, Paulding, and Gregory, and
Commodores Van Brunt, Gardiner, and Ringgold;
and it is believed to be a fact that a very large
majority of all the naval officers of the United
States are of the same opinion.
The site examined and recommended by the
board of officers appointed by tho Secretary of tho
Navy, and approved also by this committee, is
upon tho right bank of the Thames, just above
New London, about twenty-live miles from* the
ocean; and from its nearest point about three and
one eighth miles, and from its farthest point about
six miles from the mouth of the Thames, where it
empties into Long Island sound. The w«ater front
is about tbree miles m length, and the depth of
channel opposite, as appears by the chart of the
Coast Survey, is from thirty to forty feet. From
thence to the open ocean the channel is in a straight
course, carrying a depth of over thirty feet, twenty-
seven feet being the least depth, and this at but a
single point, and at mean low tide. The Thames
is formed by the confluence at Norwich of the
Qtainebaug, Yantic, and iShetucket rivers, and is
navigable to that point for vessels of a large class.'
Just above the proposed site the river spreads to
a width of nearly a mile; below tho site it narrows
again to threo sixteenths of a mile, leaving the site
an almost land-locked basin of nearly a mile in
width, perfectly sheltered from winds and sea.
Within this basin the water is slightly brackish;
above it is entirely fresh ; and below, in the harbor
of New London, more strongly impregnated with
salt, passing by successive gradations to the sea-
water of the ocean. This consideration becomes
one of great importance, and will be treated of in a
subsequent portion of this report.
The city of New London, by the last census, con-
tained a population of more than ten thousand in-
habitants, whose pursuits have been almost entirely
maritime and commercial. For the past twenty years
it has constantly employed between three and four
thousand seamen in the whale and other fisheries,
and its mechanics and artisans have been educated
to the various branches of naval architecture.
Among the most prominent of its advantages may
be mentioned:
Its accessibility at all seasons and in every state
of the weather.
The capacity of its harbor and adjacent waters,
and their complete protection from the winds and
waves.
The great depth and width of the channel, and its
entire freedom from obstructions, whether from ice
or other*causes.
Its vicinage to the workshops of New England, and
the skilled labor in wood, the metals, and mechanic
arts, for which that section is so justly celebrated,
and which, upon the testimony of eminent ship-
builders, has an advantage over all others in net
economy both of price and result.
The favorable topography of the site itself,
adapted, at moderate cost and without filling or
piling, for such workshops, founderies, and other
heavy structures as may be required.
The comparatively shorttime requisite to prepare
the site for the purposes of the Gov* rnment, which,
according to the estimate of the engineer of yards
and docks, will not exceed a year or a year and a
half.
The facility for procuring at and near the site,
and with easy transportation, the large amounts of
timber requisite for frames and sills, and granite fo;
foundations, docks, and piers.
For procuring white-oak ship-timber within a rea-
sonable distance, and upon carrying lines which tap
tho whole timber regions of New England, and pass
near the proposed site of the yard, which timber,
according to tho testimony of ship-builders and the
registered rates of vessels at Lloyd's, is inferior to
none in the world.
As very high authority upon this and other ad-
vantages alluded to. the opinion of the great ship-
builder, Donald McKay, is herewith submitted:
" It is a well-known fact that New Eugland built
ships stand in our marine offices, as well as at Lloyd's,
Londpn, for durability, ahead of any other ships
built in the United States; and wo appeal to naval
registers at our yards that economy in construction
is strongly in favor of New England yards, and the
further south we go the expense of construction in-
creases. Wehavealso agreatadvantagein mechan-
ics, there being a plenty of them and of the best
class. I will also say that, in my opinion, the site
proposed for a navy-yard on the river Thames, near
New London, taking into account the capacity and
excellence of t.he harbor, its freedom from ice, the
great depth of its waters, the facility of access to it
lroin every point, by land and sea. is a most desira-
ble one for the purpose, whether it be for the con-
struction or safe-keeping of iron, iron-clad, or wood-
en vessels."
the soil
is loam, mixed with gravel and sand, easy of exca-
vation, as evidenced by the railroad excavations in
the immediate vicinity, and pronounced by the Gov-
ernment engineers remarkably adapted for the pur-
pose of such an establishment, at a moderate cost
and without piling.
health. "
Owing to the geological formation of this region
and the absence of marshes and alluvial deposits, the
bealthfulness of this site is unquestioned, and even
remarkable.
The banks of the Thames are above the level of
the river, and the adjacent land free from stagnant
and surface water. At the site the shore slopes back
at a moderate elevation, sufficient to insure drain-
age, and to be, in the judgment of the Government
