2364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
■ Mr. SHERMAN. That would still further
strengthen my argument. If an appeal is
allowable—and I am not sufficiently iamiliar
with consular law to say whether it is or not—
from the consul general to the minister, then
it is clearly improper to make the consul gen-
eral the minister or the probable minister, be-
cause in the absence of the minister the con-
sal general would perform his duties and stand
in his place as eharg6 d'affaires. If the
Senatorfrom Nevada is correct in his position,
and there is an appeal from the consular court
to the minister,asa matterof course the consul
general ought not to hold the office both of
consul general and minister.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the date of a
law of that kind?
Mr. SHERMAN,
about it.
Mr. EDMUNDS,
any such law ?
Mr. SHERMAN.
I do not know anything
Do you believe there is
I do not know. I simply
have the word of the Senator from Nevada.
He says there is such a law.
Mr. NYE. I do not know whether the law
is so, but I know the fact is so, that there is
an appeal taken from the consul. It is so, cer-
tainly, in Japan.
Mr. STEWART. In Japan and China there
is an appeal. Whether that is the law in
Turkey, I do not know.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do not the Senators
know that under our oriental provisions on the
west side of the Pacific, or the east side,
(whichever side it may be ; that is the doubt-
ful question,) a consular court is created by
law which differs from the ordinary duties of
the consular general altogether, and an appeal
is given to the minister? Therefore, to cite an
Asiatic precedent for a European ease, is a
little outside of the line, I suggest.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not intend to enter
into that discussion; I wish to say a word
on tho question of dignity for a moment.
My honorable friend wants to know if I would
feel at all humiliated if I was required to go
out and hitch up a buggy, or go to market,
or even to practice law in the Supreme Court
of the United States? I think that on the whole
I would rather not hitch up a buggy when I
can get somebody else to do it; and I do not
generally like to go to market, though I have
done it. I would be very willing to practice
in the Supreme Court of the United States,
and so would he ; that is quite a different
employment. But I would not require the
minister at Turkey to translate the testimony
of" a drunken witness on the trial of a sailor
before a consular court; and that is precisely
what this law wouldrequire the present, charge
d'affaires at that Government to do. What
is the duty of a consular court? To try a
drunken sailorwho probably has violated some
law in Constantinople, and this interpreter is
to translate the testimony that might be offered
by witnesses in that country, it is absurd.
The duties are entirely inconsistent. If you
want to destroy entirely the influence of the
dragoman or interpreter by requiring him to
perform these duties, you can do it by degrad-
ing him or calling him from there. The only
communication our Government has with the
Turkish Government is through this very in-
terpreter, or dragoman. I hope the Senate
will leave the law stand as it is.
Mr. HILL. I ask the Senator from Ohio
if I understood him correctly as saying that
he would not condescend to practice in the
Supreme Court of the United States, and even
go one step further and preside on the bench
there ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no aspirations
that way. There are other Senators here no
doubt to whom that question could be more
pertinently put. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to occupy
time, but. I beg the Senator from Ohio to un-
derstand on the subject of dignity, as he has
alluded to boot-blacks, that I think a boot-
black is just as much entitled to respect as the
honorable Senator from Ohio or myself, pro-
vided he, as we do, does his boot-blacking
honestly and faithfully. I thihk it is just as
respectable employment. I may be very un-
fashionable in that notion; but I think that
any man in this country who believes in human
rights—if the Senator will pardon me for using
such an expression—in the dignity of man-
hood, must admit that any citizen who, accord-
ing to his capacity, performs any lawful call-
ing to the best of his ability and for honest
purposes, is just as noble a man as a Senator
is, and that it is no indignity at all for him to
do anything that is honest and lawful for a
good purpose, be he boot-black or be he judge.
If the Senator does not like that sort of notion,
he can disagree to it ; that is one of the rights
the Constitution gives him.
Mr. SHERMAN. On the whole, you would
rather perform your duty as Senator than you
would as boot-black?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not altogether
so clear. [Laughter.]
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, I think it is clear.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is a question which
is open to considerable debate. Judging from
the last few days' experience, I rather go for
the boot-black. [Laughter.] But now to
return to this question—I will not occupy the
time of the Senate about it—the point really
is whether gentlemen are willing to have their
friends (because we all have them in all our
States) do a little more work in order to dis-
pense with useless officers. Here are now in
Turkey two interpreters, the interpreter to the
legation and the interpreter to the consulate
general. The House of Representatives has
provided that the consul general shall perform
the duties of secretary of legation. If, when
we come to that, my friend wishes to reverse
that so that the interpreter of the legation,
the dragoman, as he calls him, shall perform
the duties of the consul general, if he is capa-
ble of doing it, and I presume he is, that will
be a question which I am not altogether sure
that I should disagree with my friend about;
but that is not the question we have now.
The simple question now is whether you shall
have two distinct interpreters interpreting the
same language in the same place when one
man can interpret for both these functionaries
and still have plenty of leisure. That is the
whole question, and that is the question which
the Senate is obliged to decide on this specific
amendment. Having agreed to that or dis-
agreed to it, then the question will be whether
the consul shall be secretary of legation, or
whether the interpreter who acts as secretary,
as my friend says he does—I do not know
whether he does or not—shall also act as con-
sul general, because there is no necessity for
that number of officers. If that is any better,
I do not object to it. He may reverse what
the^House has done if he wants to do so in that
respect.
Mr. NYE. I happen to know Mr. Brown
very well, and I know a little of the duties
connected with his office at Constantinople.
He is pretty much the only representative of
this country we have there.
In regard to another thing, economizing in
these legations, I wish to say a word. A few
years ago I had the honor of seeing our lega-
tions at most of the European courts, and I
confess I came home quite ashamed at seeing
a great country like this putting every legation
in about the position that the old master used
to put his servant, about two paces in the rear
of all others, with less salaries, less help, less
attaches, less opportunities to make character
for the country they represent than any other
nation of the earth. I do not believe that
economizing a few hundred dollars at Con-
stantinople will be of any very great useful-
ness. You go there and you see the British
Government furnishing for its minister a mag-
nificent palace and grounds; so with the
Russian Government, and so with all the
European courts. They have dwellings for
their ministers, while our minister when I was
there had to live four or five miles out of Con-
stantinople in cheap quarters in order to live
within his salary.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He lives at Peri, does
he not? _ *
Mr. NYE. No; four and a half miles down
the Bosphorus. And in all its parts our rep-
resentation there is inferior to that of all other
Governments, and so it is throughout Europe.
I felt chagrined at it, When our represent-
atives go to the places where the tinseled
gentlemen go who represent other Govern-
ments, they take a position about two paces
in the rear. I would like to see our repre-
sentation there, as well as everywhere, having
just as good an opportunity to impress upon
distant nations an idea of the dignity, honor,
and grandeur of the Government that they
represent, and I do not approve at all of this
little economy at these legations. I do not
believe it is good policy in a national point
of view. I do not believe it is wise for our
interest to do it. I hope, therefore, we shall
not degrade this dragoman, whom all of our
country know to be one of the most distin-
guished men in Europe, who talks every lan-
guage that is spoken on the continent, and is
really to us what we need there, a man entirely
familiar with the Turkish language, Turkish
habits, Turkish customs, and is a most service-
able and has been a most faithful represent-
ative.
Mr. STEVENSON. I think I can recon-
cile the diverse views of Senators on this sub-
ject by a small amendment which I will pro-
pose. In the forty-ninth line I propose to
strike out " consul general," and insert the
word ''interpreter." The section will then
read:
For salary of the interpreter of the United States
legation and consulate general in Turkey, $3,000;
and on and after the passage of this act the dutiep
of secretary of legation shall be performed by thn
interpreter at Constantinople.
That will let the salary stand, and give the
duties to Mr. Brown, who is certainly, from
his knowledge of the language, and his long
residence there, much better calculated to
discharge the duties of secretary of legation
and charg6, in the absence of the minister,
than any consul general whose place is from
time to time being changed. We shall then
get what the committee intended, a salary
combining the two offices, save Mr. Brown's
feeling?, and serve the Government.
Mr. PATTERSON. I would suggest a diffi-
culty in the way of adopting that amend-
ment. It so happens just now that we have
a very accomplished man there, Mr. Brown,
as dragoman or interpreter; but in a majority
of cases corresponding to this, as in Japan
and China, we have to secure the services of
a native of the country, and very likely on
the death of Mr. Brown we shall be obliged
to secure the services of some Turk. It
would be a little unsafe, I think, to put a
Turkish dragoman into the position of charg§
d'affaires, performing the duties of our min-
ister in his absence. I would say, furthermore,
if the dragoman does perform the duties of
charg6 it is because he is either vice consul
or is brought in by the minister to perform the
duties in his absence.
Mr. THURMAN. I can explain that. If
he will look at the law the Senator will see
how that matter is. The amendment proposed
by the Senator from Kentucky would simply
make them precisely as they are. If the Sen-
ator will look at the Blue Book he will find,
"secretary of legation and dragoman, John
P. Brown," and he has been secretary of the
legation as well as dragoman for many years,
at $8,00f) a year. His salary as dragoman
was originally only §1,500 a year for a long
time. He was then made secretary of lega-
tion as well as dragoman, and his salary was
made $3,000. The Senator from Kentucky is
