1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4157
terson, Ransom, Sawyer, Sherman, Thurman, and
W right—22.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CASSERLY. I renew the motion of
the Senator from Minnesota for Monday the
10th of June. ["Nol" "No!"]
Mr. MORTON. That has already been
voted on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposition
for that precise day, Monday, the 10th, has
been voted on once by the yeas and nays and
rejected.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to give the Senate
an opportunity to reconsider, and I move to
fix Monday week at one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is a differ-
ent time. The Senator from California moves
to amend by substituting an adjournment on
Monday, the 10th of June, at one o'clock p. m.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, I want to appeal to
the Senator from California, let us take a direct
vote on the main question. If the Senatedoes
not wish to agree to the resolution as it stands,
we shall know it; and if not we are wasting
time on the amendments.
Mr. CASSERLY. This is the last amend-
ment I .shall move.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senate rejects
tbat, we all understand the meaning of it.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to make a
suggestion ; I have not and do not intend to
make one offensively ; but why can we not by
unanimous consent take up the House resolu-
tion, which was objected to this morning and
so had to go over V The advantage of that to
my mind is this: we can amend the House
resolution or we can agree to it, and if we send
it back this evening amended they will have
an opportunity to non-concur in our amend-
ment and send it back to us, or to concur with
an amendment. The moment they do that,
we can get a committee of conference. The
road to a committee of conference in my mind
is the right road to adjourn this session, when
we can all agree on a way to adjourn. If the
Senate will consent to take the vote on the
House resolution, we can either adjourn or get
a committee of conference. Otherwise  
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is not this debate?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate
have agreed there shall be no further debate;
but the Chair does not enforce this under-
standing.
Mr. POMEROY. If there is an agreement
not to debate, I will not debate the question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia to substitute for the resolution a propo-
sition to adjourn on Monday, the 10th of June,
at one o'clock.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 33 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Bucking-
ham, Caldwell, Casserly, Davis of West Virginia,
Ferry of Connecticut, Goldtliwaite, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hill, Johnston, Kelly, Lewis, Morrill of
Vermont, Norwood, Ransom, Saulsbury, Schurz,
Sherman, Sprague, Stockton, Tipton, Trumbull,
Viekers, Wmdom.and Wright—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Cam-
eron, Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Oonklins, Corbett,
Cragin, Edmunds, Kerry of Michigan, Frehughuy-
sen, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Hitchcock, Howe,
Kellogg, Logan, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy,
Fool, Pratt, Rauisey, Robertson, Scott, Spencer,
Stewart, Sumner, West, and Wilson—33.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Carpenter, Cooper,
Davis ot Kentucky, Fen ton, Flanagan, Gilbert, Ham-
lin, Morrill of Maine, Patterson, Rice, Sawyer, Ste-
venson, and Thurman—14.
So the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. THURMAN. Before the roll is called
011 that, I wish to say that on the amendment,
offered by the Senator from Delaware [Mr.
Bayard] to the resolution I was paired with
the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cam-
eron.] I should have voted for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Delaware if I were
here.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 40, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Boreman,
Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Chandler, Clayton,
Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry of
Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Freling-
huyaen, Harlan. Hitchcock, Howe, Kellogg, Logan,
Morton, Nye, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, ltice,
Robertson, Scott, Spencer, Stewart, Sumner, Tipton,
West, Wilson, Windom, and Wright—JO.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Casserly, Cooper. Davis of
West Virginia, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland,
Johnston, Kelly, Norwood, Ransom, Saulsbury,
Sprague, Stockton, Thurman, Trumbull, and Vick-
ers—36.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Brownlow, Carpenter,
Davis of Kentucky, Fenton, Gilbert, Hamilton of
Texas, Hamlin, Hill, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Osborn, Patterson, Sawyer, Schurz,
Sherman, and Stevenson—18.
So the resolutiQn was adopted.
civil appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumes the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 2705) making
appropriations for certain sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1873, and for other purposes, the
pending question being upon the motion of the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,]
that the bill be indefinitely postponed, upon
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. COLE. 1 wish to make a suggestion.
To morrow will be a day of rest, and we are
approaching now the close of the day's work
for Saturday: but if we adjourn now and close
our session to-day, we shall meet on Monday
morning at eleven, and when twelve o'clock
arrives we shall find ourselves adjourned sine
die under the resolution already passed. There-
fore it is necessary that we should meet this
evening. The House of Representatives hav-
•ing taken a recess, will be in session this even-
ing, and in all probability will act upon the
resolution we have just passed. If they con-
cur in that, they will be able to notify us ; but
if they should not, we shall find ourselves in
the dilemma on Monday morning, if we do
not sit to-night, of being adjourned absolutely
on the objection of any One Senator or person
to the consideration of that subject. I move,
therefore, that at half past four we take a
recess until.half past seven this evening.
business of committee on patents.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Mr. Presi-
dent 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
not debatable.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. The motion
is not debatable, I know, and I do not rise
to debate it; but I wish again, for the third
time, to ask unanimous consent that I may
have half an hour this evening, at the open-
ing of the evening session, for bills from the
Committee on Patents.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Connecticut asks that half an hour at
the opening of the evening session be assigned
to the consideration of bills from the Commit-
tee on Patents. Is there objection ?
Mr. COLE. I must object for this reason :
we are now under the pressure of a resolution
of adjournment absolutely on Monday. If
we get the time extended, the Senator will
have his half hour on another day. We have
our appropriation bills pending, and I must
object.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope the Senator will
allow me to make a motion to go into execu-
tive session. I only wish a few minutes.
Mr. ANTHON5T. I hope permission will
be given to the Senator from Connecticut.
We are not under the pressure of a resolution
of adjournment, because everybody knows that
it is utterly impossible for us to adjourn on
Monday : that if no action is taken we must
be called together agaiu. I think the request
of the Senator from Connecticut, who has
attended this body with great assiduity, and
part of the time in very feeble health, is a
reasonable one and ought to be granted.
Mr. COLE. I make no objection to half
an hour.
^ The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
further objection, if there should be an evening
session the Senator from Connecticut will have
half an hour at the opening of that session,
from half past seven to eight o'clock, for the
consideration of bills from the Committee on
Patents. Is there objection ? The Chair hears
noue, and it is so ordered.
recess.
Mr. COLE. I now ask that the vote be
taken on the motion for a recess.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California movgs that at half past four
o'clock to-day the Senate take a recess until
half past seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I call for the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The regular
order is the civil appropriation bill.
Mr. MORTON. 1 desire to make an inquiry.
Will anything be in order to-night except
business from the Committee on Patents ?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir, after eight
o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the first half hour is devoted to the
Senator from Connecticut for the considera-
tion of bills from the Committee oa Patents.
Mr. MORTON. What then?
Mr. COLE. The appropriation bill.
The VICE PPtESIDENT. At this period
of the session the Chair would suggest that if
that order were made by unanimous consent it
would defeat action upon messages from the
House of Representatives. It will require
unanimous consent, however, to interrupt any-
thing or a motion to lay the appropriation bill
on the table.
Mr. COLE. I wish to appeal to the Senator
from Massachusetts to withdraw the motion
for the indefinite postponement of the appro-
priation bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly I do.
The VICE PRESIDENT, if there be no
objection, the motion to postpone the appro-
priation bill indefinitely is withdrawn.
bill introduced.
Mr. SPRAGUE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1185) concerning transportation in bond ;
which was lead twice by its title, referred to
the Committee ou Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
steam towing and freight-boats.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire to appeal to my col-
league to withdraw the motion for the purpose
of enabling me to introduce a bill to meet
the difficulty with regard to steamboats which
will be encountered by the failure of the bill
now pending on the report of a committee of
conference. I will state that I have a letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury in which
he says this measure ought to be taken at
once: and if there is no objection to it I in-
troduce the bill and ask that it be immediately
considered and put on its passage.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well.
By unanimous consent leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 1184) relating to the
limitation of steam pressure on towing and
freight-boats on the Mississippi river and its
tributaries; and it was read twice by its title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the bill come
from a committee?
Mr. SCO FT. I will state to the Senator
from Illinois——
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to it if it does
not come from a committee.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator hear a state-
ment?
