1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S261
And pray, sir, what powers under the Con-
stitution can be found to authorize the Con-
gress of the United States to enter the States
and take into their hands every domestic in-
stitution which is covered by this bill? The
school, the house of public entertainment, the
means of common carriage, the place of
amusement, even, sir, the grave itself, is not
kept sacred for individual wish and for the
desire of the community; all is to be held
in the grasp of Federal power, and all to be
controlled! Why, sir, it is the old argument;
power is as insatiable as the grave ; it is al-
ways seeking to strengthen itself, aDd always
most dangerously when it proposes under the
cover of law to grasp the liberties of a people
and by a plausible excuse to advance itself
upon positions of power from which it cannot
again be moved.
Why, Mr. President, under this Govern-
ment of ours, where is the power delegated to
Congress to perform these acts? There is
none expressed; there is none justly to be
implied. The ninth article of amendments
to the Constitution expressly declared that
these powers, because they were not delegated
to Congress, were reserved to the States and
to the people. But what matters that in the
heat of party? We have already seen in
this Chamber an act become a law by the will
of the Chamber which by the unanimous
opinion of the Supreme Court of the United
States was absolutely invalid, and which they,
to make their language as courteous as possi-
ble under the circumstances, declared must
have been passed inadvertently. Well, sir,
my vote can never be given inadvertently. I
do not mean to impugn the motives of Sen-
ators. I would give them the same respect
that I demand for myself. But here standing,
the Constitution ot my country before me,
which I have sworn to support, I should hold
myself a perjured man if I attempted to exer
cise a power not delegated to me and so ex-
pressly and necessarily vested in the people
of the States.
Mr. President, what is the very well-spring
of power? What is the very fountain-head
from which our institutions draw their force?
It is in the school of ioeal self-government.
It is there that you have the nursery from
which springs your power of self-government,
the opportunity and capacity to appreciate our
institutions, if you still that by your strong
grasp, where will your people ever have the
education to enable them to comprehend the
necessities of the government of a great coun-
try? No, sir, local self government is the'
very germ from which anything like purity
of our institutions can be expected; and this
bill is intended to strike directly at that fount-
ain. It, is intended as it now stands to take
from the people that control over their domes-
tic institutions which is necessary for their
safety. You are seizing into the hands of the
Federal power the entire police control of the
States. You do not know the necessities of
the various communities. They understand
them themselves ; they will apply the remedy
themseives; and in that struggle to ascertain
and then apply the remedy will come the exer-
cise of the powers of self-government which
are essential to maintain the institutions of
this country.
Mr. President, I hope the citizens of this
country will understand that this is the quick
est and the longest stride toward centralized
power which yet has been presented to our
people 
, The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
time has expired. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri to
the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. BLAIR called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. CASSEtiLY. Mr. President, I do not
know where the warrant for this bill is fouud.
None of the Senators who support it has
ventured on the experiment of stating where
in the Constitution is the power of passing this
bill. 1 know of no place where it can be pre-
tended to be found except that part of one of
the new amendments in which the citizens of
one State are placed on an equality with the
citizens of every other State in regard to priv-
ileges and immunities, and that provision fur-
nishes no warrant for the legislation in this
bill in regard to schools. I speak, of course,
with reference to those States where under
their school system the power is now exercised
and has usually been exercised of separating
the children of white parents from the chil-
dren of black parents, of separating young
from old, of separating boys from girls, of
separating the less advanced from the more
advanced. Those privileges and immunities
of white children in those States are limited
in respect to education as I have described.
No white parent has a right to claim for his
child that he shall be educated in a particular
school-house to the exclusion of all others.
He ts obliged to send his child to the school-
house which the school officers have desig-
nated.
The Senator from Massachusetts says that
that is keeping up an odious spirit of caste. I
have not the time to discuss with that Senator
what meaning he attaches to that word. It is
a dangerous word because it is a vague word
in his mouth. The very first case which
brought the distinguished Senator from Massa-
chusetts before the public eye in connection
with the subject of separate schools for black
children and. tor white children was the case,
in 5 Cushing, of Roberts vs. the City of Bos-
ton, in which the entire ground of this bill was
covered by the decision ot' the court.
I wish there were time for me to present
even the leading features of that case, and of
the great decision rendered by Chief Justice
Shaw himself, one of the greatest jurists that
this country has ever boasted, and he speak-
ing for a bench of judges not his inferiors in
integrity, and hardly his inferiors in ability.
That decision is conclusive as to this bill be-
cause it recognizes in the largest sense that
under the Bill of Rights in Massachusetts col-
ored persons stood precisely where it is claimed
they stand under the recent amendments to our
Constitution; and the court then go on to dis-
cuss the alleged grievance m that ease, which
was that the father of a colored child had to
send his child a few blocks further to a school
set apart for colored children.
That great court, (and there is no greater in
this world administering the common law,
taking the whole body 'of its decisions to-
gether,) after the fullest examination, held
that there was no such right as is claimed by
this bill and as was claimed by the distin-
guished Senator from Massachusetts for his
client in that case. Ihe court say that the
question of education is like any other question
of government; the details must be lettto the
discretion of the officers who administer the
system; and if, in their judgment it is for
the best interests that there should be a sep-
aration founded upon any ground whatever
whether color, or age, or fitness, or advance-
ment, that is a lawful distinction which the
court will uphold ; and on page 209 ot 5
Cushing the very argument as to caste urged
here by the Senator from Massachusetts,
which seems to have been urged also in that
Case, is met aud disposed of by the court.
"It is urged that this maintenance of separate
schools tends to deepen and perpetuate the odious
distinction of caste, tounded in a deep-roo ted preju-
dice in public opinion. This prejudice, if it exists,
is not created by law, ami probably cannot be
changed bylaw. Whether tins distinction and prej-
udice, existing in the opinion and teelmgs ot the
community, would not be as effectually iostered by
compelling coloied and white children to associate
together in the same schools, may well be doubted;
at all events, u is a fair aud piopet question tor the
committee to consider and decide upon, baying m
view the best interests of both classes of children
placed under their superintendence, and we can-
not say that their decision upon it is not founded
on just grounds of reason and experience, and in
the results ol a discriminating and honest judg-
ment."—5 Cuehing's Reports, pages 209 and 210.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The Senator's time
is up.
Mr. CASSERLY. I was about to ask
whether my time was up. I commend that
decision to the consideration of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri to the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts, upon which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. STOCKTON". I should like to have
the amendment reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, I took
occasion when the bill relative to the schools
in the District of Columbia was up, to express
my views about this matter. But before this
question is voted upon, I desire simply to say
that if any Senator or many Senators in this
body state that this civil rights amendment is
a proper measure, I think it is quite proper
that the question should be submitted to the
people to vote for themselves whether they
desire it. Tt is a singular interference undoubt-
edly with the social rights of the people which
was never contemplated in the Constitution.
It, is certainly a very singular change of insti-
tutions, and one which the people have a right
to be consulted about.
But, Mr. President, it is not that, and per-
haps the purpose for which I rise is to call the
attention of the Senate to the fact that that is
not the worst of it. You may say to me
that practically perhaps this evil will never
arise. This is not the worst evil, Mr. Presi-
dent. This bill is ten thousand times worse
in its principles than any act that has been
ever proposed. This bill violates the very
spirit of personal liberty which brought our
ancestors to this country. It is a singular
thing that coming from that very soil where
the Pilgrim fathers lauded we should have a
bill to break down the very spirit of personal
liberty and personal independence. It is a
tyrannous bill, sir. Do the Senators from
Massachusetts remember that night when—
" The heavy night hung dark
The hilts and waters o'er,
When a band of exiles moored their bark
On the wild New England shore.
" .Not as the conqueror conies.
They, the true-hearted came,
Not with the roll of the stirring drums.
And the trump that sings of fame,
" Not os the flying come.
In silence and in fear—
They shook the depths of the desert's gloom
With their hymns of lofty cheer.
" Amidst the storm they sang,
And the stars heard and tho sea;
And the sounding aisles of the dim woods rang
To the .inthem ol the free I
" "What sought they thus afar?
Bright jewels of the mine?
Tho wealth of seas, 1 he spoils of war?
They sought a faith's pureshrinel"
And that personal liberty which they came
heie to secuie, which drove tlieni across the
ocean, you Dreak down, tear to pieces, utterly
destroy, not only in your school-houses, but in
your homes and at, your altars yot.r sacrilegious
hand sirikes at the very Lares and Penates;
you go to the grave yard, you absolutely go
to the ashes of the dead, and there'you enfoice
your right to interfere with men's individual
liberty and every sacred right and i-viry sacii d
tie that binds men to the past, or to the present,
or to the future.
I insist upon it, Mr. President, that this bill,
so far as it pretends to assist the colored peo-
ple and give them civil liberty, does no sucn
thing. It springs from the spirit of agitation.
It is not in their interest, and not demanded
