1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
573
and inserting in lieu thereof "$200,000."
The amount appropriated last year for this
purpose was $200,000. I hope the expenses
of the Internal Revenue Bureau are not going
to be increased.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will say that
in all before this paragraph there has been a
decrease, except in connection with the Inter-
nal Revenue Bureau, of about eighteen thou-
sand dollars. The Commissioner of Internal
Revenue appeared before the Committee on
Appropriations, as did also the Secretary of
the Treasury, and stated that the stamps now
in use in the Internal Revenue Bureau had
been counterfeited to so great an extent that
it was deemed necessary to get up new stamps,
to prepare new dies and new forms to be
printed upon those stamps, and to obtain a
new kind of paper that will be more impreg-
nable against counterfeiting. This expense
has become necessary, and the committee are
satisfied that a proper protection of the reve-
nue requires this appropriation.
Mr. KELLOGG. I withdraw the amend-
ment. All I wanted to know was the reason
wliy this addition is made to the expense of
this bureau.
The Clerk read the following :
For salaries and expenses of collectors, assess-
ors, assistant assessors, supervisors, detectives, and
storekeepers, together with the expense of carry-
ing into effect the various provisions of the several
acts providing internal revenue, excepting items
otherwise provided for, $4,700,000; and hereafter
the total net compensation of collectors of internal
revenue shall in no ease exceed $4,500 per annum.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to hear from
the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations [Mr. Garfiei.d] upon this proposi-
tion wlych is an amendment of existing law.
I would like to have the gentleman state whether
he supposes that in some of the large collection
districts anybody will be found to collect the
large sums that they are obliged to collect, for
the compensation that is proposed here? The
burden of official duty consists- not merely in
the labor. A position of this kind is not like
an ordinary official position which merely im-
poses on a man the performance of certain
duties. These collectors give very heavy bonds
and incur very heavy responsibility, which in-
crease, I may almost say, in geometrical ratio
with the increased amount of the collections,
because as this amount increases the collector
must depend upon a larger number of subor-
dinates, and every added subordinate increases
very much the responsibility and the hazard
imposed upon his chief. I would therefore
ask the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gakfield]
whether he is satisfied that in the larger dis-
tricts, where very considerable sums are col-
lected, suitable persons can be found who will
undertake this work for the compensation here
proposed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The committee
discussed that matter with a good deal of care,
and conferred not only with the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, but the Secretary of the
Treasury lnmself. It will be observed that in
this item for the costof the collection of internal
revenue we have reduced the amount $800,000
below the estimates, and $500,000 below the
amount which was paid last year. This has
been done in the belief that there will be a
very considerable reduction in the amount of
revenue collected through the internal revenue
department, and in the belief, also, that there
will be a very considerable reduction in the
number of districts by consolidation of differ-
ent districts. The Commissioner said he hoped
to be able to reduce the districts from two
hundred and forty-three, the present number,
to one hundred. The committee thought that
hope rather sanguine, but believed that pos-
sibly he might be able to reduce the number
of the districts one half.
As to the particular point raised by my friend
from Tennessee, [Mr. Mas-xard,] I will say
that it must be a remarkable district (if any-
body can find such a one) in which no respons-
ible man can be found to take an office, the
salary of which is $4,500 a year, particularly
after the elements of internal revenue collec-
tion have been so greatly reduced as they will
be when the outlying features of it are cut off,
leaving it mainly a matter of stamps. The
committee have no doubt that, with the salary
limited at $4,500, there will be plenty of appli-
cants for these positions, and applicants who
will do the work well. We believe that this
provision will very considerably reduce the
cost of collection; and I hope it will not be
changed.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move pro forma to
amend the amendment by striking out the last
word. I would say to the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] that we can doubtless
get plenty of applicants even if the salary be
fixed at $2,000. But that is not the point.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In most of the
districts at present the collectors do not get
this much. Of course this amount is only
paid in the large districts.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is the gentleman pre-
pared to answer my question in the affirmative ?
I do not understand precisely whether he is
or not.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I give it as my
opinion decidedly that we can get competent
officers for this salary, and the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue holds the same view.
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The Clerk read as follows :
For postage, newspapers, arranging and binding
canceled marine papers, sealing ships' registers, care
of horses for mail and office wagon, repairs of wagons
and harness, washing towels, investigation of ac-
counts and records, brooms, brushes, crash, cotton
cloth, cane, chamois skins, dusters, flour, keys, lye,
matches, nails, oil, powders,repaiimghand-stauips,
sponge, soap, tacks, wall-paper, and the other mis-
cellaneous items required for the current and ordin-
ary business ot the Department, $6o,000.
For furniture, such as carpets, desks, tables, chairs,
shelving for file-rooms, hoxes and repairs of furni-
ture,cases, oil-cloth, matting, rugs, chair-covers aud
cushions, repairs and laying of carpets, and other
miscellaneous articles of the like character, $50,000.
For coal, wood, lighting the Treasury building,
baskets, books, spittoons, drop-lights and tubing,
files, blank keys, water-coolers, tumblers, hatchets,
ice-picks, mail-sacks, match-safes and matches,
pitchers, towels, traps, thermometers, buckets, dip-
pers, saws, and other miscellaneous items, $50,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suggest the question
whether it is consistent with the dignity of a
bill of this kind to enumerate in detail such
items as towels, thermometers, mail-sacks,
spittoons, brooms, match-safes, pitchers, and
'"other miscellaneous items."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The committee
thought it wiser to make an enumeration of
this kind than to lump under one name a large
sum of money. So far as we could, we have
included the items so that, there might be left
as little residuum as possible as a general fund.
We therefore took ail the items sent to us by
the Department and inserted them, believing
that thereby less lee-way would be allowed for
the use of this money as a general fund
Mr. MAYNARD. If human ingenuity can
suggest any article not specified here, it should
be put in.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We tried to
catch all.
The Clerk read as follows:
Independent Treasury:
Office of the Assistant Treasurer at New York: for
Assistant Treasurer, $8,000; for deputy assistant
treasurer, $3,600; chiefs of division, telieis, registers,
clerks, book-keepers, messengers, koeper of build-
ing, watchmen, engineer, detectives, and porter,
$127,688; in all, $138,688.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to amend
by striking out in the paragraph just read
"$127,688," and substituting '■ $137,9-12
also, by striking out "$138,688," and substi-
tuting "$148,942," so as to make the total
coriect. On this subject, I would call attention
to the following letter:
Tkrasukt Dep.vrtsien-t,
WasHINUTOX. D. C„ January 23, 1872.
Sir: I would respectfully invite your attention to
the item of appropriation for salaries in the office
of the Assistant Treasurer at New York, contained
in the legislative, executive, and judicial appropri-
ation bill now pending in the House. The amount
therein reported is $138,088, while the amount esti-
mated as required for the service ot the fiscal year
was £148,942. (See Book of Estimates, 1872-73, page
32.) This estimate was based upon the actual monthly
expenditure for salaries, no consideration whatever
being given to emergencies which might arise, and
cannot, it is believed, be reduced without detriment
to the business of the office.
It will be remembered that the estimate for this
purpose for the present fiscal year was reduced by
nearly the same amount, and that, in consequence,
it became necessary to submit a deficiency.
I earnestly recommend and hope that this appro-
priation may be increased to the amount above
named.
I am, very respectfully,
GEO. S. BOTJTWELL, Secretary.
Hon. James A. Garfield, M. C., Chairman of Com-
mittee on Appropriations, House of Jtepreaentativefs.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DUELL. I was not in the Hall when
the paragraphs relating to assessors and col-
lectors of internal revenue were read. Hence,
I ask unanimous consent to go back to that
part of the bill in order that I may offer the
following amendment:
On page 21, line five hundred and seven, after the
words "per annum," add the following:
Pruoided, That any assistant assessor of internal
revenue who has performed, or may hereafter per-
form, under authority or requirement of law, the
duties of assessor of internal revenue, in conse-
quence of any vacancy in the office of such assessor,
shall be entitled to and receive the commissions as
provided by law for such assessor; but no such pay-
ment shall in any case bo made when the assessor
has received oris entitled to receive commissions for
the same period of time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I object to going
back.
The Clerk read as follows :
Office of Assistant Treasurer at New Orleans:
For Assistant Treasurer, $4,500; for chief cleik and
cashier. $2,5;)0; one cleik, ^2,000 ; two clerks, iro,000 ;
one porter, $900; two watchmen, $1,440; amounting
in all to $14,340.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move, on page
25, after the word ''dollars," in line five hun-
dred and ninety-five, to insert the words
one night watchman at $3 per day and three
at $2 50 per day, $3,832 50 and in line five
hundred and ninety-six correct the amount bv
inserting "$18,172" in place of " $14,340."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Office of depositary at Chicago:
For cashier, §2,500; for one clerk, $1,800; for two
clerks, $i,O00; for one clerk, $1,200; for one messen-
ger, $840; in all, S9.310.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move the fol-
lowing amendment:
Pago 2fi, line sixteen, after the word "dollars."
insert "for one watchman, $720;" and correct the
total by making it " $10,060."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For contingent expenses under the act of the Oth
of August, 1846, for the collection, safe-keeping,
transfer, and disbursement of the public revenue,
850,000: Provided, That no part of said sum shall be
expended for clerical services. For checks and cer-
tificates of deposit for office of Assistant Treasurer
at New York and other offices, 513,000. For addi-
tional clerks under the act for the better organiza-
tion of the Tieasury, at such rates as the Secretary
of the Treasury may deem just and reasonable,
$10,000.
Mr. MAYNARD. The first appropriation
in this paragraph grows out of the sub-Treas-
ury act of 1840. It is a general appropriation
for contingent expenses of $50,000. Then we
have an appropriation of $13,000 for checks
and certificates of deposit for office ot Assist-
ant Treasurer at New York, and other offices.
Why was that taken out of the general appro-
priation ? Why was that particular sum set
apart for that particular purpose?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The first reason
was that it was supposed to be sufficient for
the purpose, and the second was that we
wanted to specify in the bill as much as we
could. It does not increase the previous appro-
piiations.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then the specifications
should go further.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It carries it so
far as the means at our hands enabled us to do
it without too great a risk.
