1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m-
42d Cong....2d Sess,
Miscellaneous Appropriations—Mr. Starkweather.
Ho. oi?
engineer, well adapted for the purposes proposed.
Tiie vicinity to the waters of Long Isla-nd sound
tempers the hcat3 of the summer months. It was the
testimony of all theinembers of the "commission"
which examined it, " that there was probably not a.
healthier place iu the United States than New Lon-
don, or one whero more comfort is found."
Indeed, so remarkably salubrious is "the whole
region between the Connecticut river and Nurra-
gansott bay" that it has been pronounced by the
celebrated traveler, the Baron von Humboldt, " the
healthiest in the world."
DEFENSE TO NEW YORK.
A very important consideration in connection with
the site at New London is its strategic relation to
the dolcnse of tho city of New York, as well as the
commerce of Long Island sound, the coast citics of
Connecticut, and the manufacturing interests of
Now England.
It is not generally known, or if known remem-
bered, that the entrance to Long Island sound from
the ocean is through the narrow channel or gate-way
called the " Unco." This gate-way is but four miles
in width, divided midway by a rock or ledge called
Valiant Rock. The ship-channel entrance to the
sound is, consequently, but two miles in width on
cafch side of Valiant liock. Through one or the
other oi these channels must pass evory ship froui
tho open ocean; through these passed the Great
Eastern on her every trip; and through these cam©
the Russian fleet on its late visit to our shores.
New London, lying within a half hour's steam-
ing, is tho natural key and strategic protection to
this gate-way, and it is the judgment ot the highest
military and naval authorities that a rendezvous of
iron-clads, to put to sea at short notice, together
with some slight fortifications at the " Race" itself,
would be a complete defense to tho eastern approach
to New York aud'the whole coast lino of Connecti-
cut. An enemy's fleet once within this gate-way and
safe in Long Island sound—a great man-of-war's
harbor of itself—would not only have the best nat-
ural roadstead on this continent from which to sally
forth to cut up ouc commerce and lay our cities
under contribution, but would imperil the comuiui-
cial metropolis of the country.
Through Long Island sound is carried, by various
means of transportation, the raw material to the
New Kngland spindles, much of which is returned in
the manufactured articles to New York for domestic
mid foreign markets. So largo has this commerce
become, that more than fifty thousand vessels have
Sasstid New London light-boat off tho mouth of the
arbor in a single year, calling forth the memorable
remark of Daniel Webster, "that the importance
of this Mediterranean of the western hemisphere
would justify its being lighted upliko a ball-room."
These havo seemed very important considerations
to your committee; and if, by the selection of a site
which unites so many#essential advantages of its
own, commercial interests so vast and so extended
also derive incidental protection, the establishment
of the proposed yard at this point would appear to
raise the question to one of national importance
and necessity even beyond its immediate use as a
naval depot.
DEFENSIBILITY.
In this connection, and upon the question of cleferis-
ibility at, New London, which has been raised, it
maybe remarked, that while a naval rendezvous and
dock-yard at New London forms a necessary cle-
ment to the defenses of tho "Race," the gateway
at the "Race "and its susceptibility of defense form
the outwork and basis of defence for New London.
No enemy can approach within ton or twelve miles
of its outer harbor without first passing batteries,
stationary or floating, at Race channel. It has also
been objected that the proposed site could be shelled
by an enemy's fleet lying off the mouth of the har-
bor. It seems to have escaped the attention of those
who raise it, that an enemy's fleet, while endeavor-
ing to shell this site, would itself lie within easy
range of batteries at the mouth of the harbor. The
land on both sides at the extreme mouth of the har-
bor is high and bold, admirably adapted to earth-
work and other batteries, and at some distance from
the mouth are islands convenient for fortifications.
From these, at short range, could be concentrated
such a fire from modern ordnance as would be de-
structive to any fleet. Besides, in the language of the
board of officers, "from the entrance.of the haibor
from Long Island sound to the site deemed most
suitable for a navy-yard, there are on either side of
the river numerous points upon which iron towers
or turrets, armed with guns of the largest caliber,
can be erectcd at moderate cost, and so arranged as
to render the entrance of hostile ships impossible,
if forts and towers can be constructed of sufficient
strength to resist the attack of ships of modern con-
struction and armament." * * * * "In
the present state of naval warfare, it is not to be
supposed thatany of ourimportanlnaval stations or
harbors will be left unprovided with powerful steam
ramfito effectually prevent the approach of trans-
ports or men-of-war with hostile troops designing
to land upon our shores."
In addition to these outwork defenses are the
present extensive fortifications at Forts Trumbull
and Griswoid, the latter an earthwork, the former
an extensive casemate fort of modern construction.
And the committee had before them the opinions of
euch high authorities as Brigadier General Cuilom,
a distinguished engineer, who constructed the pres-
ent defenses there; also of Major General George B.
McCieilan, General Dix, and Colonel Gates, each of
whom hud examined the locality with particular
reference to this question; and of a commission con-
sisting of Generals Totten, Barnard, and McComb,
confirming the view of the board of officers before
referred to, that "no harbor in the United States is
more susoeptible of defense than that of New Lon-
don."
The question of defensibility being one almost
entirely of military and naval science, seoms to your
committee to he sufficiently settled by the concur-
rent testimony of such authorities as these standing
in the very front rank of their professions, whethor
in this or any other country.
OBJECTIONS TO NEW LONDON.
Thernain objections which have been urged against
Now London, m addition to that just considered, are
the allowed absence of fresh water, and of iron and
coal. These objections have been made the subject
of very careful examination by the committee, and
they will bo considered in their order; and first of—
FRESH WATER.
The experience of our own country has been so
recont in regard to iron-clad vessels that in tho
absence of decisive and reliable experiments we are
compelled to resort to the results of JBaropean in-
vestigation as to the relative effects of different
kinds of water upon iron bottoms. This subject has
engrossed the attention of the scientific minds of
England for many years, and the results of a most
elaborate and long-oontmued series of experiments
aro published in the valuable "Treatise of the
British Association for tho Advancement of Science"
for 1810. In that treatise the whole question of the
effect of water, fresh and salt, atmospheiic air, &c.,
is discussed at great length, and with signal ability.
Tho result of these experiments is gathered m a
series of tables, by which it appears that tho aver-
age amount of corrosion upon one superficial foot
ofsurlaeo in tho clear sea-water of the ocean, at I ho
end of one hundred years, was for cast iron the three
hundred and six thousandth, and for wrought iron
tho fivo hundred and forty-throe thousandth part
of an inch. These statistics would seem to lead to
tho conclusion that the injurious effoot of oven salt
water upon iron bottoms bad been unduly estimated
by the friends of a site in tho Delaware. In«tbis
connection it is a significant fact'that a very largo
proportion of the present iron-clad navy has not
only been constructed on or near the ocean, but
that its ontiro sphere of usefulness has been, and
must necessarily be, limited to salt wator for coast
and harbor defenses.
But admitting the action of salt water to be inju-
rious to a greater or le.^s extent, the committee find,
upon tho testimony before them, that this objection
does not apply to the site upon tho Thames, Tho
waters of that stream, as belorc observed, are fresh
to a point just above the proposed site, and opposite
only slightly brackish. Professor Silliman, of Yale
College, after an examination of tho effect of these
waters, stated " that irou chains and plating, in con-
nection with a marine railway at the very site
itself." and immersed in its waters for more than
twelve years, "gave no perceptible evidence of
oxidation, being free from corrosion, and refusing to
scale with the hammer." And it is also stated by
that eminent authority that "the crustacoa barnacles
and marine grasses which attach to vessels in south-
ern latitudes, materially impairing their speed and
efficiency, were destroyed by a few days' exposure to
these brackish waters."- This well-known fact is
also attested by the universal experience of ship-
masters, owners, and carpenters in that vicinty.
The facts thus established seem to show that so far
as the quality of the water is concerned at Now
London, it answers all the conditions required for
the safe-keeping of iron and iron-clad vessels.
The river Thames is fresh a short distance above
tho proposed yard, where its waters are sufficiently
deep to float large ships, and only slightly brackish,
as compared with sea-water, at the sito, itself. A
river also empties into the Thames at Smith's Cove,
the upper end of the proposed site, from which by
means of a reservoir, now cover in more than one
hundred acres at an elevation of about one# hun-
dred feet, and within little more than a mile of
the site, fresh water can bo brought to and over
every part of the yard, not only for supplying its
ships and the various uses connected with such an
establishment, but also for filling docks, to any ex-
tent, with fresh water, in which iron-clad vessels, if
necessary, might be laid up when not in service.
Another use of this water, which it may also be
proper to mention, is as constituting a power for
the working of much of the machinery of the yard,
and for boiler, fire, and other purposes.
IRON AND COAL.
It remains to consider the question of iron and
coal. And it may be remarked at the outset that
these are elements affecting not so much the natural
advantages presented by a site as the question of
economy in its selection. While, as a proposition,
it cannot be denied that, other advantages being
equal, the iron yards as well as the workshops of the
country could be with advantage located at the
mouth of the coal and iron mines; yet in practice
this is a question of relative cconomy, into which
the elements of first cost, cheapness of transporta-
tion, of rents, of insurance, and of labor, enter, and
by which it is largely determined. By the opera-
tion ot these and other considerations it happetfs
that though the coal mainly used in iron mannfae-
turing comes from Pennsylvania, yet the immense
iron works of New England, New York, and other
States arc enabled to make and to soli their produc-
tions in all markets in competition with Pennsyl-
vania. Tho manufactured iron of these States is not
only now largely purchased by Government for its
present yards, but sent in large quantities to Phila-
delphia for sale; and it is believed that the experi-
ence of private establishments is also that of the
Government in this respect, and that the iron works
of the existing yards at Charlestown, Kittcry, and
Brooklyn will compare favorably, both in cost and
quality, with that turned out at the present yard at
Philadelphia.
These are practioal considerations, derived from
the existing course of trade and the admitted expe-
rience of the country, and would seem to answer
tho claims that tho new yard must, upon the score
of economy, be located near the outlet of iron and
coal. But it is proper to add, that Pennsylvania,
though perhaps the largest, is not the only iron-
producing State of tho Union. The "Salisbury
iron " of Connecticut has from the very earliest set-
tlement of the country borne a high, if not the very
highest, reputation for its extraordinary tensile
strength and superiority. This bed, running through
New York, Connecticut, and the Berkshire valfey
of Massachusetts, famous for its superior quality,
and preferred by the Government for its great
strength and tenacity, is within easy communica-
tion, by rail direct to New London. Recent geo-
logic surveys under the auspices of the State of
Massachusetts have demonstrated that State also
to have great natural resources of both magnetic and
hematite iron, of a most superior quality. Messrs.
Phelps, Dodge & Co., one of the largest iron houses
in the country, also state, in reply to an inquiry as
to the comparative cost of iron at New York or Phil-
adelphia. that " tho lines of the railroads now con-
necting Pennsylvania with this city open to New
Yoik all parts of the State where iron is made, and
cnablo manufacturers to deliver here as quick, and
in most cases as cheap as in Philadelphia. The
valleys of tho Susquehanuaand Lehigh, where three
fourths of tho iron of the State is made, are in
direct connection with New York by the Central
railroad of New Jersey, the Lehigh railroad and
canal, the East Pennsylvania to Reading, the Leb-
anon Valley to Harrisburg. All the fine cbarcGal
irons from Central Pennsylvania must pass Har-
risburg to Philadelphia, and at that place there
is but little difference in distance and cost cither
to Philadelphia or New York. Tho Lehigh valley,
where now full half of all tho pig manufactured
in the State is made, and which is now rapidly
filling up with extensive rolling-mills, is nearer
New Yorkthan Philadelphia, and three-quarters
of all the iron coines here. The cost is only some
one dollar and twenty-five cents per ton from the
works to tho wharves at Eiiz&betnport, where it is
shipped to all parts of the country. Then the North
river is becoming a' very large manufacturing point
for iron. The rich magnetic ores from the north are
mixed with the hematite ores of Salisbury, Connec-
ticut, and very fine iron is the result. The largo
rolling-mills at Cold Spring and Saugertics are
famed for their fine products, and the Government
givo them the preference. Iu fact, the iron of all
parts of tho country centers in New York, and we
aro very confident that, as to variety of kinds and
qualities, New London can, via New York, obtain
such iron as the Government wants, as cheap as it
can begot in Philadelphia." And this conclusion
is obvious, from the fact that foreign iron, as also
iron from all parts of the country other than Penn-
sylvania, can be delivered at Now London at less
cost of transportation that at League Island. -
COAL.
In the matter of ooal, it cannot be denied that
Philadelphia has an advantage over any other place.
This advantage, upon the testimony of some of the
largest coal doalers in the country, before the late
rise of freights, and m a normal condition of affairs,
was equivalent to about fifty cents per ton; but it
must be observed that delivery at Philadelphia,
either of iron or coal, is not delivery at League Isl-
and, or any other point in the Delaware. There is
atpresentno other means of communication between
League Island and the city by land than an ordinary
road.
Coal, iron, materials, and all other heavy comtaod-
ities, must therefore be reshippod, either by land
or water carnage, at an increased cost; or, if new
transportation lines be established, it must either bo
done by the Government or the interest on first cost
paid by them. The whole amount of coal consumed
at the Novelty Works in New York, the largest eb-
tablishment in the country, is stated to be about
three thousand tons per year; and it isnot estimated
that the Government, at a first-class naval station,
will carry on the manufacture of iron to an extent
exceeding that of this establishment. Admitting^
difference of fifty cents per ton against New London,
this would amount in a year to from fifteen hundred
to two thousand dollars, and would be more than
counterbalanced by the increased rates of pilotage
alone in tho Delaware on naval vessels.
It is confidently asserted by Eh A. Packer & Co.,
New York, and other largo dealers, " that thediffer-
