522
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 3,
Senate.
Defense of President Grant—Mr. Logan.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
ence trill be much less than now, when the improve-
ments ip progress are completed, opening new coal
fieldsto the bay of New York."
The Lackawana coal, known to be one of the most
valuable for steam purposes, has its outlets at Ron-
dout, in the North river, and at JElizabethport, New
Jersey, and from these points it can be delivered at
New London more easily than to League Island.
In summing up the economical aspects.of tbecase,
the committee are of opinion, therefore, thatin view
of the largely increased cost of preparation of site;
the risk upon the large amounts of Government
property each year endangered by ice, estimated at
a difference of five-eighths of one percent, between
the two places; the cost arising from delay in getting
to and from the site; the largo expense of towage
and of pilotago; the difference of wages and net
economy of labor; the difference in freight on all
material and stores brought by water from other
places—the result is so largely in favor of New Lon-
don as to compensate not only for the cost of trans-
portation of iron and coal, but it is believed, to a
considerable extent, the cost of those articles them-
selves.
The site near New London, presenting such great
natural and economical advantages, has been ten-
dered as a free gift to the Government. The com-
mittee recommend its acceptance; and for the pur-
pose of locating thereat a navy-yard and depot, such
as is contemplated by the naval authorities, tbey
recommend the passage of the accompanying bill
for a public act.
All of which is respectfully submitted.
The following letter is from Mr. Hanscom,
the eminent naval constructor, on the removal
of the Brooklyn navy-yard, and pointing out
some of the advantages of this site for naval
purposes:
Washington, February 26,1870.
Sir : The removal of the Brooklyn navy-yard being
under discussion, I may bo excused for otFering to
you some suggestions on the subjoct.
Laying aside all ideas as to the reasons which in-
duced the commission to locate that yard in a place
so ill-adapted to the requirements of anavy-yard at
the present time, it is enough to know that it fails
to meet the wants of the Navy for many reasons;
1. It has not the depth of water to that extent
in line required, nor can it be obtained from any
adjoining land.
2. The form is not calculated for the greatest pro-
duction from tho least amount of labor, tho neces-
sary depth of water being only at the end of tho
yard. This is a matter of grave consideration,
involving a continual loss.
3. It is too much confined by the surroundings,
the cities of Brooklyn, Now York, and "Williams-
burg, to make it safe from fires, easy and safe of
aocess, and to give it tho necessary roadstead in
front, so highly important for economy and dis-
patch. The city of Brooklyn reserves the right to
obstruct the yard with sewers; the full control is
lost, and the injuries aro unavoidable.
4. Its location being in a coveor bend of the river,
the deposits will always decrease tho depth of water,
and for their removal a largo yearly expenditure is
necessary,
Tho objections to this yard are of a serious nature.
Since the introduction of iron into the hulls of a
larger class of iron-clad ships, suitable facilities for
their construction cannot be provided in the Brook-
lyn navy-yard; and from the decline of ship-build-
ing they will not bo found outsido of Government
establishments for many years to come. All of the
European Governments are nowbuilding theirlarger
iron-clad ships in dry-docks, thereby saving tho
cost and avoiding the danger of launching.
From the want of water front, it is impossible to
obtain thenecessary nutnberof wharves,ary-docks,
and ship-houses and workshops, or to arrange them
for rapid and convenient communication with each
other. By the systematic arrangement of the docks,
wharves, shops, and store-houses, France saves at
least five per cent, jn labor more than can besaved by
any system which it is possible to adopt at the Brook-
lyn yard. England has seven and France has five
dock-yards, in none ot which are there less than two
dry-docks, many of them having a much larger num-
ber. In time of war the Brooklyn yard would add
an incumbrance to the cities around it, instead of
bein£ a defenso, and is a detriment to their commer-
cial interests in time of peace. It these disadvan-
tages existnow, many of them being of recentorigin,
what will be the condition of the yard fifty years
hence? And instead of expending thousands of dol-
lars yearly upon a site that must soon be given up,
would it not be betterto build ayardon a site where
less objections and more advantages aro to be found?
What is said of the Brooklyn yard may also be
said of the Philadelphia yard. A site haying been
secured for the removal of the Philadelphia yard, it
only remains to be carried out.
It is important that the site to which the Brooklyn
yard shall be transferred shall have the proper depth
of water, an extensive shore line, be free from the
obstructions of ice and deposits, in a healthy loca-
tion, of easy access to the ocean, and in a position
offering the best defense to large and important in-
terests. Commerce will some day require all the
facilities the harbor of New York affords, and the
bow thinly-settled banks of the Hudson will be
densely inhabited in time, thereby creating some
of the very disadvantages the transfer of the Brook-
lyn yard is intended to avoid.
The roadstead of New London offers greater ad-
vantages and more inducements than any other
place, seemingly, along the coast. Its easy approach
by sea at all times and seasons of the year, without
reference to the tide, the protection and defense it
would be to New York and the commerce of the
sound, by the ships of war and other means to be
found at anavy-yard, appear to make it more suit-
able and desirable than any other place. It is sur-
rounded by most excellent and industrious mechan-
ics, in a remarkably healthy climate, and where the
necessary materials for its construction are to be
had in great abundance. The character of the soil
affords that solidity for the foundations and per-
manence of large buildings with heavy machinery
which is of great consideration in the selection of a
site. My experience of many years in the naval
service, at three of our yards, and the information
obtained by the examination of the dock-yards of
England, France, and those of other Governments,
induce me to believe that it would be greatly for
the interest of our Government to dispose of the
Brooklyn yard. The time required to effect the
change to some other site would be several years,
for there should be built at least two dry-docks,
machine-shops, store-houses, workshops, &c., before
the transfer could be made complete.
I am, very truly and respectfully, yours*. &c„
W. L. HANSCOM.
Hon. II. H. Starkweather,
Naval Committee, Bouse of IZeprcsentatives.
The Secretary of the Navy in his report to
Congress ip 1869, ia speaking of this subject,
says:
" New London.—Eighty-three acres of land on tho
Thames river, near New London, were some time
sineo given by the State of Connecticut, and accepted
by the Government with a view to the establishment
of a naval station at that place.
u In conformity with this understanding, the De-
partment has placed a proper naval officer in com-
mand. there, but it is able to do nothing toward
actually establishing tho new station without an
appropriation for that purpose.
"The land referred to is well situated on the bank
of the Thames river. It is favorable in its general
character for the object designed, and it has a water
front of fifty-two hundred and eighty feet, running
back from the river six hundred feet, and a depth
of water in the channel of over thirty feet.
" lb is situated in tho midst of an industrious com-
munity, whose labor is skillful and cheap, and on a
fine harbor, easily accessible in all weathers and
from almost every point.
"This land was, as I have said, given and received
for the purposes of a new naval establishment, and
in this spirit the Department presents it for the con-
sideration of Congress, and such appropriation as
present circumstances may warrant,'
Thus it will be seen that the title to this
property became vested in the United States
on condition that it should be used for naval
Surposes. And the present Secretary of the
favy remarks, in his annual report to Con-
gress, that "good faith requires tbat action
should be taken looking to its occupancy as a
navy-yard." The last Congress, on his rec-
ommendation, made an appropriation of
$10,000 for tbe construction of a wharf, and
last winter, while all access to League Island
was cut off by the ice in the Delaware river,
and a. naval vessel costing the Government
more than five hundred thousand dollars was
crushed and destroyed by the ice at League
Island, the Government vessels at New Lon-
don naval station in the severest weather of
last winter were not hindered nor delayed in
their passage to and from the said station.
There are now several large vessels there, sent
by the Secretary of the Navy from the Brook-
lyn navy-yard because they.are free at New
London from dangers by fire and other cas-
ualties, and from corrosion of the copper on
the vessels, which Admiral Godon and other
eminent naval authorities state takes place
rapidly in the YVallabout at the Brooklyn yard.
This saving, as stated by them, every six
months, on each of the vessels, is an average
of $3,000. For this reason it is important
that an additional wharf should be made at
New London for the placing of more vessels
from Brooklyn and other exposed yards.
This is a matter of the truest economy, for
in a single year the Government will save in
expenses more than double the amount asked
by us for an appropriation.
Defense of President Grant.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN A.LOGAN,
OF ILLINOIS,
In the Senate of the Ukited States,
June 3, 1872.
The Senate having under consideration the motion
of Mr. Pomkroy, to postpone indefinitely the bill
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses-
Mr. LOGAN said:
Mr. President : I do not expect to detain
the Senate at any very great length this even-
ing, they having just listened to a speech on
the subject on which I propose to address them
much more able and eloquent than anything I
could utter.
As far as the defense of the committee
on the sales of arms is concerned and the
charges that were made prior to the orgao*
ization of the committee, and the charges
that have been made against the committee
since their report, they have been most fully
and amply answered by the Senator from
Wisconsin, That leaves me buta very limited
duty to perform, and in fact protects me to
a very great degree, for in the performance
of that duty, had it fallen upon me, I fear
my ability would not have equaled that of
the Senator from Wisconsin who wrote the
report. During the time that I shall occupy
the Senate I snail attempt, as I stated the
other day, to reply to certain points of the
speech of the Senator from Massachusetts
which were not then replied to, and some that
have been omitted by my friend, the Senator
from Wisconsin.
In the speech of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts we were first notified as to the character
and organization of this committee. The com-
mittee was denounced before the country; their
report was also denounced as a white-washing
report, as one unfit to be read; denounced in a
manner unbecoming the great Senator from
Massachusetts. But after his denunciation of
tbe committee and its report, and without dis-
cussing the merits of it, he diverged from tbat
text and launched forth in an assault upon tbe
President of the United States, aud made an
indirect assault upon the friends who had here-
tofore been his political associates. He start ed
out by paying that he himself organized the
Republican party ; that he was the originator
of the word .Republican n as applicable to
party; that on the 7th of September, 1854, in
Massachusetts he used the word Republican
and there organized the Republican party; and
he repeated a part of the speech he then made,
saying, " We go forth to fight the oligarchy of
slavery."
Now, sir, to that I have but this reply to
make: doubtless the Senator from Massa-
chusetts was then an earnest man; doubtless
he was honest in the advocacy of the principle
of universal freedom; doubtless he was determ-
ined to exert his great ability in that direc-
tion ; doubtless it was his desire then to organ-
ize a party for that particular purpose, to
prosecute in* fact that particular line of duty
until the objects which were so much desired
by him should be attained. Whether it was
egotistical in him to refer to himafJf as the
originator and organizer of the Republican
party is not for me to say, but for the country
to decide. But, sir, I was very sorry to see a
Senator for whom I have entertained so high
a regard, and for whom the country has enter-
tained such great respect, believing him well
fitted not only by his scholastic attainments,
but by experience, to perform the great^duties
tbat belong to a statesman, lower himself as
he did on this occasion, for the purpose of
venting his spleen and vindictive feeling against
the President and those who stand by him.
