1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1471
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to these
several proposed amendments being read, for
it will take too much time to do so.
Mr. SHANKS. I ask unanimous consent
that all amendments proposed un'der this
arrangement may bo printed, in the Globe.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
that order will be made.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The amendments proposed to be offered are
as follows :
By Mr. Beatty:
Amend the amendment of Mr. McKinney by
striking out "$50,000" and inserting "$>100,000" in
lieu thereof.
By Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts:
Add to section two the following:
Provided, That any claimant ol equitable or legal
title to any poition of said island occupied by said
railroad company may have his suit against said
company in the circuit court of the United States
for said district of California, which shall have full
jurisdiction to entertain such suit, with an appeal
to the Supreme Court of the United States \ and there
shall be an appeal to the taid court by said railroad
company in behalf of the United States, in case of
a decision ngainstsaid company in said circuit court;
and any such suit shall be commenced within one
year from the passage ot this act.
By Mr. Carroll :
Amend lines twelve, thirteen, and fourteen of
section one so ns to read as follows:
Free use of the whole or any part of the island
for military purposes when deemed necessary by the
President of the United States.
Also amend section four by striking out of lines
five and six the words " under such rules and regu-
lations as shall bo prescribed by the said Central
Railroad Company."
Also amend by striking out of said section all after
theword "just" in line eight, down to and includ-
ing the word "proportion" in line eleven, and in-
serting in place thereof the following:
A reasonable compensation thereof.
By Mr. Coburn:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and in lieu
thereof insert the following:
That the Secretary of War is hereby required to
have the island of xerba Buena, in the bay of Sau
Francisco, surveyed by the officers of the engineer
corps, who shall forthwith examine and make i ^port
whether the same in whole or part is needed for
the purpose of fortification and military defense,
and whether or not it is practicable to dispose of
any portion thereof, and to designate what portions
may be needed for a principal fort and for shore
batteries, and the proper ways and communications
necessary to connect them; and after such report, if
any part of said island is not necessary for such pur-
Soses, it shall be subject to sale; and such sale shall
e made at public auction upon three months' notice
to be given in three daily newspapers printed in
San Francisco and three in New York city, by the
Secretary of the Interior, who shall subdivide the
land which may be subject to sale in such subdivis-
ions as will bring the largest sum of money. And
the Secretary of the Interior is authorized to pre-
scribe such terms of sale as to the payments of cash
and the giving credit for the payment of the pur-
chase-money: Provided, That the entire purchase-
money shall be paid in five years.
By Mr. Comingo:
Amend by adding after the twenty-fifth line of the
fourth section the following :
And piovided Jurther, That neither said Central
Pacific Railroad Company nor its successors or
assigns shall be permitted to charge wharfage to any
vessel that may land at said inland for the purpose
of receiving or discharging freight.
By Mr. Cox:
Add to section one tliefollowing:
Provided, also. That all restrictions imposed upon
trade by contracts between the Central Pacific Rail-
road Company and the Pacific Mail Steamship Com-
pany shall be removed and canceled before this act
shall take effect: And provided further, That if said
railroad company shall hereafter enter into any
agreement with said Pacific Steamship Company or
any other common carrier whereby restrictions are
imposed upon the carrying of freight or passengers,
all rights that are conferred by this act upon said
railroad company shall be thereby forfeited by said
company.
By Mr. IIawley :
Add to the first section the following:
Provided, That the privileges herein granted are
upon the condition that said company shall pay to
the United States annually therefor such sum of
money as shall bo fixed and determined by the
Secretary of War.
By Mr. McCormick, of Missouri:
In line tour, section four, strike outfall after the
word "have" down to and including "all" in line
ten, and insert the following:
Equal facilities, accommodations, and rights for
doing business as shall be prescribed by the Secre-
tary of War under the directions of the President,
But such company availing itself of this privilege
shall first pay to the Central Pacific Railroad Com-
pany a just proportion of the cost incurred in reach-
ing the same from the main land.
By Mr. Shanks:
Add to the first section the following:
Provided, That Congress reserves full power, when-
ever in its judgment it may be proper so to do, to
authorize by law any other railroad company or com-
panies to construct and maintain its or their own
independent connections with and use of that part
of the island of Yerba Buena, the use of which is
by this act granted, that shall not be actually occu-
pied for legitimate railroad purposes under law of
Congress at the time said subsequent legislation may
be had.
By Mr. Townsend, of Pennsylvania :
Add at the end of section one the following:
Provided further, That the said railroad company
shall pay into the Treasury of the United States, as
compensation for the privileges hereby granted, such
sum of money as the Secretary of War, the Secretary
of the Treasury, and the Secretary of tho Interior,
or a majority of them, shall deem just and reason-
able: Provided also, That said sum shall be paid in
equal installments semi-annually on the first Mon-
days of January and July in each year.
By Mr. Van Trump :
Insert at the end of the first section the following:
Provided, also, That this grant or license is upon
the further express condition that said Central
Pacific Railroad Company shall first pay into the
Treasury of the United States the sum of $5,105,-
773 51, as of the 29th dav of February, 1872, which
the Government of the United States, in the char-
acter of surety of the said company, was bound to
pay, and did pay, as interest theretofore accrued on
the bonds issued to said company and guarantied
by tho United States.
deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. HOLMAN obtained the floor, butyield-
ed to
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, who said : I rise
for the purpose of moving that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union to resume the consideration of
the deficiency appropriation bill. As a pre-
liminary to that motion, Imove that all debate
in Committee of the Whole on the pending
paragraph be closed in thirty minutes. I find
that a number of gentlemen desire to say a
few words.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now move
that the House resolve itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole upon the deficiency appro-
priation bill.
enrolled bills stoned.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
of the following title $ when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (S. No. 528) to continue in force a
grant to the State of Nevada for college pur-
poses.
acting secretary of idaiio territory 
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to a
resolution of the House of February 28, 1872,
in relation to the case of the acting secretary
of the Territory of Idaho ; which was referred
to the Committee of Claims, and ordered to
be printed.
fort steilacoom reservation.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, in compliance
with a request of the Committee on the Terri-
tories, in relation to the military reservation at
Fort Steilacoom ; which was referred to the
Committee on the Territories, and ordered to
be printed.
improvement of wisconsin river.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, in answer to a
resolution of the House of February 26, 1872,
in relation to the improvement of the Wis-
consin river ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed,
signal stations.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, in relation to the estab-
lishment of signal stations j which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
CAMP THREE FORKS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, inrelation to the military
post of Camp Three Forks, Owyhee, Idaho
Territory ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
EXPENSES OF NINTH CENSUS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, asking-for an
additional appropriation for the expenses of
the ninth census; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
HENRY SNOWDON.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, in relation to the claim
of Henry Snowdon ; which was referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered
to be printed.
EMPLOYES OF TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting the
names and compensation of the clerks, messen-
gers, and laborers of his Department employed
during the year 1871; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence
was granted to Mr. McNeely for ten "days 5 to
Mr. Herndon till Tuesday next; and to Mr.
Hibbard for ten days.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. SARGENT, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted to withdraw
from the files of the House the petition and
accompanying papers of Alfred Briggs, of
California.
On motion of Mr. ARCHER,-by unanimous
consent, leave was granted to withdraw from
the files of the House the petition of John L.
Thomas, jr.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL. X
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Garfield, of Ohio, that the rules be suspended,
and the House resolve itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Unipn to
resume the consideration of the deficiency
appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Stevenson in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 1G54) making appro-
priations to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the Government
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1872, and
for former years, and for other purposes.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Before the com-
mittee proceeds with the consideration of the
pending amendment, I ask unanimous consent
that the amendment in regard to the relief of
wrecked sailors be amended so as to read:
t£for relief and protection of American sea-
men in foreign countries." This is in accord-
ance with thelanguage of the law under which
the fund is to be expended.
There being no objection, the amendment
was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
before the committee is on the amendment to
strike out the last word of the clause, which
the Clerk will read. Debate, by order of the
House, has been limited to half au hour.
The Clerk read as follows :
For defraying the expenses of the courts of tho
United States, including the District of Columbia,
for jurors and witnesses, and expenses of suits in
which the United States aro concerned, of proseeu-
