1872.
THE CONGKESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
4159
the statement to which the Senator refers was
but a.mere addition put on by the gentlemen
of the committee at the end of this story.
The facts are these : this man being in
our service, was a volunteer on board the Bon
Homme Richard in her fight with theSerapis.
He wag seriously wounded there, but could
not get pension or prize-money because he
was acting as a volunteer. This lady is his
only surviving daughter, who is eighty years
of age. She will die in all human probability
before you pass this pension if you do not do
it quick. She is living in the city of Trenton.
My colleague knows all about this case; it has
been reported upon favorably over and over
again at previous Congresses, as long ago I
think as twenty years since.
Several Senators. Vote, vote; we will
give it.
Mr. THURMAN. I have an additional
reason for voting for this bill. It is the only
bill that has been reported by the Committee
011 Revolutionary Claims for twenty years ;
[" Good !"] and I say the bill ought to pass
out of respect forthatconunittee. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRCJMBULL. I should like to know
if it comes from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims ?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does.
Mr. STOCKTON. It has been unani-
mously reported.
The bill was passed.
order of business.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I ask unanimous con-
sent to pass a little bill (S. No. 11G8) to relieve
certain persons therein named from the legal
and political disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, and for other purposes.
Mr. CLAYTON. I object.
Mr. SPENCER. Let the bill be read.
Mr. CLAYTON. No, I object to its being
considered at all.
_ Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask that the ses
sion be extended ten minutes.
Mr. EDMUNDS and others." I object**
Mr. CLAYTON. I object to the considera-
tion of any bill.
Mr. CORBETT. Let us proceed with the
consideration of executive business.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. This is
the first time I have ever asked the Senate to
pass a bill. I have troubled them in no wise
in that respect. I have a small bill that my
people have some interest in. It is to remove
a national bank from Annapolis to Baltimore,
and has passed the House.
Mr. CLAYTON. I object to everything.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Will not
the Senator from Arkansas allow this little
bill to pass? It will not takea minute. It is
for the removal of a national bank from
Annapolis to Baltimore. It will not take half
a minute. I move to take it up.
Mr. CLAYTON. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Arkansas objects to the uassage of any
bill.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I move
to take it up.
Mr. CAMERON. You cannot do it. I
move that the doors be closed.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. After three minutes spent in executive
session, the doors were reopened, and (at four
o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.) the Sen-
ate took a recess until half past seven o'clock
p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The recess hav-
ing expired, the Senate resumes its session,
and the first half hour of this evening's ses-
sion is to be devoted to reports from the Com-
mittee on Patents, pending which the Senator
from California desires to submit a motion.
debate on appropriation bill.
Mr. COLE. I move that debate on the
pending appropriation bill, the sundry civil bill,
be limited to live minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California moves that debate on the
appropriation bill be limited to five minutes
under the rule of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
hiram w. hayden.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Connecticut is now recognized, and will
be for half an hour, under the order of the
Senate.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
Senate bill No. 1152, for the relief of Hiram
W. Hayden. If Senators will listen to the
reading of the preamble of the bill they will
hear all the facts in the case.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 1152) for the relief of Hiram VV. Hayden
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. The preamble
recites that on the 16th of December, 1851,
letters pateutof the United States were granted
to Hiram W. Hayden for machinery for mak-
ing kettles and articles of like character from
disks of inetal, which were extended by the
Commissioner of Patents, and were afterward,
onthe 13th of February, 1806, reissued to him,
and were afterward, on the 2ith of May, 1870,
surrendered and reissued to the Waterbury
Brass Company, as his assignees, in two divis-
ions, numbered, respectively, 3,995 and 3,996,
and which will expire on the IGth of December,
1872; that the inventions and machinery of
Hiram W Hayden are novel, and that he is the
original and first inventor thereof; that they are
of great value and importance to the public,
and that he has received no adequate reward
for the service conferred on the public by the
invention. The bill therefore extends the let-
ters-patent, as reissued May 24, 1870, for the
term of seven years from the 10th of December,
1872, to Hayden, his heirs, and legal repre-
sentatives; and the Commissioner of Patents
is directed, upon the presentation of the letters-
patent and the payment of the fees and charges
provided by law, to make a certificate of this
extension on the letters-patent, or on a certified
copy, and to cause this extension to be recorded
in the records of the Patent Office.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
charles p. s wardwell.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I move
to take up House bill No. 904, for the relief
of Charles P. S. Wardwell, reported from the
Committee on Patents, which 1 desire to have
considered.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 904) for the relief
of Charles P. S. Wardwell. It authorizes the
Commissioner of Patents to entertain, con-
sider, and decide upon the application of
Charles P. S. Wardwell, for extension of
letters-patent granted to him for an improved
circular-saw machine or bench, bearing date
the 10th of March, 1857, in the same manner,
upon the same evidence, and to the same
effect as if the application had been filed in
due form and within the time prescribed by
law ; but the application is to be made within
sixty days from the passage of the act, and
nothing in it is to be so construed as to hold
responsible in damages any person who may
have manufactured, applied, or used the im-
provement between the expiration of the
patent and the approval of the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
chester 0. tolman.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I now move
to take up House bill No. 1339.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1339) for the
relief of Chester C. Tolman. It proposes to
authorize the Commissioner of Patents to con-
sider, rehear, and determine the application of
Chester C. Tolman for the extension of his
letters-patent for an improvement on gimlets,
issued to him the 4th of December, 1855, and
numbered 13897, for the term of seven years
from the 4th of December, 1869, upon the same
evidence and principles and with the same
effect as if the application for extension had
been made and tile evidence therein filed in
the Patent Office within the time prescribed
by law, prior to the expiration of the patent,
and as if no hearing had ever occurred for such
extension; but in case the extension is granted
no person is to be held liable for damages for
infringement of the patent, or for sale or use
of the improvement, between the date of the
expiration of the original patent and the date
of such extension.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
calista e. cox.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I now move
to take up Senate bill No. 1151, for the relief
of, it reads, Colista E. Cox. It should be
Calista, and I ask the Secretary to make that
correction wherever the name occurs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That bill will be
considered as before the Senate, if there be
no objection, and the correction indicated by
the Senator from Connecticut will be made.
The bill (S. No. 1151) for the relief of
Calista E. Cox was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Commissioner of Patents, upon due appli-
cation made to him therefor, and upon the
same evidence and rules of law as in ordinary
extension eases, is authorized by the bill to
extend the patent of Harvey W. Sabine, late
of Canandaigua, New York, deceased, for im-
provement in horse hay-rakes, issued to him
December 3, 1850, extended by the Commis-
sioner of Patents for seven years from the 3d
of December, 1864, and reissued by his assign-
ees in four divisions March 28, 1865, for the
further term of seven years from and after the
passage of this act; but this extended term
is to insure to the sole benefit of Calista E.
Cox, widow of Harvey W. Sabine, her heirs
and assigns ; and no person is to be liable for
infringing such extended patent by reason of
any manufacture, use, or sale subsequent to
the 3d of December, 1871, and prior to the
passage of the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
james d. willouqiiby.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I now move
to take up Senate bill No. 1143.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 1143) for the relief
of James D. Willoughby, of Vineland,' New
Jersey.
The preamble recites that letters-patent of
the United States were issued to James D.
Willoughby for an improvement in seed-plant-
ers, August 3, 1858, No. 21002, which letters-
patent expire August 3,1872; that Willoughby,
the inventor, visited Washington city on or
about April 10, 1872, for the purpose of apply-
j ing for an extension of his letters-patent, and
that the time allotted by law in which to^iako
his application was limited to May 3; that upon
his arrival he was prostrated with an attack
of brain fever until the time allotted had
passed in which to make his application ac-
cording to law; and his failure to so apply
was caused by no fault or negligence of his
