1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
515
sufficient reason for its existence now. A lack of
brains and statesmanship at Washington is the sole
cause.
Should not the people of Maine take such a course
and effect such a change in Government policy as
will wipe out the death-line of the St. Croix ?
[From the Liverpool Journal of Commerce, Jan-
uary 2,1872.]
Clyde Ship-Building in 1871.— We extract the
following particulars relating to ship-building on
the Clyde during the past year from the Glasgow-
Herald of yesterday:
Laundits reported daring each month of 1871.
Vessels. Tons.
January  12
February  11 12,601
March  11 17,040
April  18 14,013
May      17 15,815
June  17 16,966
July   10 12,526
August  17 17,684
September  12 12,567
October  12 17.049
November.....  12 17,G97
December  18 19,433
Total ..^167 185,545
Of the above there were—
Vessels.
Iron screw steamers 115
Iron sailing ships  9
Wooden sailing ships  13
Hoppers and dredging plant—  13
"War vessels  5
Iron paddle steamers  8
Oompo=ir,e sailing vessels  2
Composite steamers  1
Steel steamers  1
Total  167 185,5*5
Distributed over the various building districts as
follows: _
Tons.
Glasgow  90,863
Renfrew  11,512
Dumbarton  25,192
Greenock  25,644
Port Glasgow  21,680
Lesser ports  1,654
Total   .185,545
and registered at the under-noted ports:
Tons
Scottish ports 
English ports  *7,125
Irish ports  '3,823
Foreign ports  oo,Xli
Colonial ports .......  415
British Government  2,597
Unascertained  1&>
Total  185,545
Horse-power of engines supplied to steamers
launched    24.444
Comparison with 1870.
Tonnage launched and detailed as above, one hun-
dred and sixty-seven vessels .. 185,545
Tonnage of vessels built in pieces and shipped
abroad, and of smaller craft not specially
reported when launched, say 12,000
Total tonnage, 1871 197,545
Total tonnage, 1870   186,275
Increase for 1871   11,270
The foregoing returns have been carefully com-
piled from available published sources ©^informa-
tion, the tonnage, as far as practicable, being stated
at a uniform standard.
London Freight Market.— Messrs. Anger Broth-
ers, in their review for the past year, remark as fol-
lows: in making our usual retrospect ot the freight
market and carrying trade for the past year, the
great progress made in the transition from the use
of sailing to that of steam vessels, stands out as the
salient feature of the trade. The number of new
sailing vessels is unprecedently small, whereas the
increase in the number of steamers is almost double
that of any preceding vear. England still monopo-
lizes by far the greatest share of the carrying trade
of the world, and that in a more marked degree
since the increased use of iron steamers. Austria,
Italy, and Norway hold their places, but America
still remains tar behind, and shows but little signs
of regaining her former position for some time yet.
The general characteristics of the year's trade have
been abundant employment, at very fair remunera-
tion for steamers, but restricted employment, at
very low remuneration, for sailing ships. The first
three months' trade was largely stimulated by the
effects of tho Franco-German war. but since that
period no political influences have had anj' sensible
effect on the freight trade of this country; the fluc-
tuations in rates have been duo to natural causes and
the ruling question of supply and demand.
[From A. Brett & Co.'s Circular.]
St earn Shipping.—The year just closed has been in
many respects remarkable in connection with the
steam-shippingtrade. The activityin the construc-
tion of new steam vessels has been so great that an
unprecedented addition has been made to the amount
of tonnage previously existing, and the carrying
capacity of the British mercantile steam navy has
been enormously increased. This animation in the
building trade has been maintained, notwithstand-
ing some adverse tendencies, which, under ordinary
circumstances, would have retarded it; in spite of a
large increase in the price of material, added to a
very disturbed and excited feeling in this particular
branch of labor, as well as the vicissitudes and un-
certainty which during the year have been experi-
enced in the money market. Although the supply
of tonnage has been thus largely increased, its value
has augmented in a still greater degree, and has more
than kept pace with the rise in price which the
higher value of both material and labor would
naturally have caused; so that under ordinary cir-
cumstances steamship owners may fairly congratu-
late themselves thattheir property is more valuable
now than it wasthis time last year. The building-
yards are at this moment full of orders, and many of
them have employment in hand for twelve months
to come.
It remains to be seen whether the enormous in-
crease in steam tonnage is more than is necessary to
meet the rapidly-growing requirementsof the world.
In spite of some doubtless well-meant prophetic
warnings there is no appearance yet of the supply
having overtaken the demand. The carrying trade
of the world is rapidly being transferred from sail-
ing vessels to steam, but there seems no reason to
apprehend that the maritime interests of the coun-
try will suffer by the change; and although a large
number of steam vessels have been and are still
being built for foreign orders, they will for the most
part be employed in opening up new trades abroad.
Tho freight market has, on the whole, been well
maintained throughout the year. At the opening
of the Baltic season great activity prevailed, and
unusually high rates for grain were obtained, and
although a reaction ensued, yet at the close of the
season freights recovered almost to the tone with
which the trade opened. From the North American
grain ports high freights for steam tonnage have
been given. From the East, throughout the year,
the rates of freight homeward for produce have been
well maintained, and there is every prospcct of their
continuing to be so. In theSpanish-ore trades there
has been wonderful development, and the demand
for suitable steamers has been very great and is still
increasing. Great activity has also prevailed in the
coasting and short continental trades, so that there
has been little difficulty in finding suitable employ-
ment for vessels of all sizes.
Mr. DAWES. There is a difference in men
ail over the world. It is not every one that
kuowseverything. [Laughter.] Ifitwereso,
there would be no need of committees and no
need of investigation. If the country bad the
same confidence in the statements of my dis-
tinguished friend from New York that we have
here, nothing need be done but to take his
measures and enact them into laws ; but when
he announced at the commencement of this
Congress that we had nothing to do but to fol-
low his lead, that very announcementawakened
in the public mind such apprehension in those
who had not the confidence that we all have in
his statements, that the public have thronged
the committee-room. They will not be satis-
fied. We have called their attention to the
light which my distinguished friend from New
York has thrown upon this question ; but they
will not be satisfied. They insist on being
heard day after day, and if we try the experi-
ment and tell them there is no need of farther
investigation of the subject: that the path is
plain j that light is shining clear upon the Halt
of the House of Representatives, and that
there is no occasion for them to trouble them-
selves ; and that they have only to walk after
the great and shining light which is held up
before us by my friend from New York, we
find it utterly impossible to make them believe
it. They insist on being heard upon this ques-
tion. There is a sensitiveness which I cannot
account for among business men, created by
the announcement of my distinguished friend
from New York. There is an anxiety upon
their part to be heard. Thcy_ insist that they
do know something. They insist that their
experience as well as their large investments
entitle them to be heard ; and the laborer who
rcc ives his wages from them is equally anx-
ious, and as persistent. We tell them there
is no occasion for them to interfere, that the
and path is all plain, that we are walking in it
as fast as we can, but they block up the com-
mittee-room in their anxiety on this question
and their persistence.
This is my explanation to my friend of the
delay. It is not because we have any doubt
as to our confidence in what is the right way.
It is because the great public of the nation
will not accord to those ideas of his that un-
reserved confidence which we of the commit-
tee and the House are ready to accord t<  them.
That is my explanation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from New York insist upon a vote upon his
amendment?
Mr. COX. No, sir. After such a magnifi-
cent speech as that, I do not.
The Clerk read the following :
For one watchman to take care of thebranch mint
building at Carson City, Nevada, $1,000; and the act
entitled "An act to establish a branch mintcf the
United States in the Territory of Nevad a." approved
March 3,1863, is hereby repealed, and the Secretary
of the Treasury is hereby authorized and directed,
in his discretion, to transfer said building to such
purposes or uses as may be required by other offices
of the United States.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to strike
out the paragraph just read, and to insert in
lieu thereof the following:
Branch mint, Carson City, Nevada:
Forsalariesofsuperintendent, assayer, mclterand
refiner, and coiner, and four clerks. $17,900 ; for wages
of workmen and adjusters, $54,000; for chemicals,
charcoal, wood, and incidental expenses, $17,600.
Mr. WILLARD. I would like to hear from
the chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations [Mr. Garfield] some reason for the
amendment he has proposed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. TheCommittee
on Appropriations at first proposed to strike
out altogetherthisappropriation for the branch
mint at Carson City, and to turn the buildings
over to the Government for the use of other
officers of the Government. But the delega-
tion from the Territories appeared before us,
as did several gentlemen familiar with the mint,
and several gentlemen from other portions of
the country who had visited Carson City, and
they showed us that the work of the mint there
had increased very rapidly, and that about
two million five hundred thousand dollars had
been coined there during the present year.
And they led the committee to believe that
the branch mint there was of a great deal
more consequence than they had supposed,
and as the work of the mint there is increas-
ing, we consented to restore the appropria-
tion to the amount appropriated last year, but
not to appropriate the amount estimated for
by the Treasury Department for this purpose.
That is the only explanation I have to make. _
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I rise to oppose this
amendment, because I want to know some
thing more of the necessity for it before I vote
for it. If we are to take what the Delegates
from the Territories and the Representative
upon this floor from the State of Nevada say
upon this matter as the law and the gospel, of
course you will never abolish this branch mint,
but you will increase your appropriations for
this purpose. We relied, when we established
it, upon what they said. And I felt very much
gratified and encouraged, indeed, when 1 saw
that in this bill the Committee on Appropria-
tions had provided for the abolition ot this
branch mint.
Now, sir, it seems to me that it would be
very much better for us to do as some gemle-
men suggest, appropriate $50,000 and give it
to those people over there at Carson City and
have done with it, than to be engaged in carry-
ing on the farce of building up a great mint in
that region of the coumry. If the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. G-arfield] had given us the
information upon this subject, he had derived
from the Treasury of the United States, it
would have come to us in an official character,
and I would have been much more inclined to
rely upon it than upon the representations oi
