1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3268
the negro, in whose manhood he has found the
negro his friend; I, sir, have 110 snobbish
prejudice against the colored people ; I feel it
no dishonor to travel side by side with him in
the cars : have no prejudice against sharing
■with him the hospitality of the hotel. No, sir,
I hold myself above this ; 1 am here to speak
for, and do speak for the friendly intercourse
of the two races so necessary to the future
peace and happiness of the people of my State.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays have been ordered upon the amendment
of the Senator from Connecticut to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts, and
the Secretary will call the roll.
Mr. COLE. I am paired on all questions
that probably will arise on this bill with the
Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Ransom,]
unless it be possibly the last one in reference
to the question of amnesty itself pure and
simple.
Mr. BLA.TR. I am paired with the Senator
from South Carolina [Mr. Sawyer] upon the
civil rights bill, but as he is in favor of am-
nesty, I feel myself at liberty to vote for this
amendment which is for amnesty. I vote
"yea."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 38, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Alcorn. Ames, Bayard, Blair,
Boreman, Buckingham, Caldwell. Cameron Car-
penter. Casserly. Clayton. Cooper, Corbett, Davis of
West Virginia, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut,
Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan. Goldthwaite, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Hamilton ot Texas, Harlan,
Hitchcock, Johnston, Keljogg, Kelly, Norwood, Os-
born, Pomeroy, Pratt. Saulsbury, Sprague, Ste-
venson. Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull, Viekers, and
Wesr-38.
NAYS—Messrs. Cragin, Fenton, Gilbert, Hamlin,
Morrill of Vermont. Morton, Pool. Ric^, Scott, Sher-
man. Spencer, Suinner, Wilson, and Windotn—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony. Brownlow, Chand-
ler, Cole. ConKling, Davis of Kentucky, Freling-
liuysen, Hill, Howe. Lewis. Logan, Morrill of Maine,
Nye, Patterson, Ramsey, Ransom, Robertson, Saw-
yer, Schurz, Stockton, Thurraan, and Wright—22.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TIip question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts as amended.
Mr. BOREMAN. I offer this as an addi-
tional section to the amendment, to come in
after the section just inserted :
Sec. —. That before any person shall be entitled
to the benefit of the preceding section of this act, he
shall, within the district where he resides, before a
clerk of some court ot the United States, or a United
States commissioner, take and subscribe an oath or
affirmation to support the Constitution of the United
States, and to bear true faith and allegiance to the
same; which oath or affirmation shall be torwarded
by said officer to the Secretary of State of the United
btates, who shall cause a list of all persons comply-
ing with Uie provisions of this act to be laid berore
Congress at the opening of each session thereof;
and the officer before whom such oath or affirmation
is made shall give to the person taking it a certifi-
cate of the fact, under such forms and regulations as
the Secretary of State shall prescribe.
Mr. MORTON". Ia it in order to offer an
amendment, to perfect that section ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not; it is
now an amendment to an amendment, and no
further amendment can be received.
Mr. MORTON. Will it be in order in the
Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be in the
Senate when the question comes up on con-
curring if this should be adopted now.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. President, I voted
against the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut, because T am in favor of amnesty.
Sitting by the side of my friend from New
•Hampshire, [Mr. Cuagin;] after the defeat of
the amnesty bill a lew weeks ago, he and I
Agreed ihat we would not thereafter vote so
as to imperil the success of the amnesty bill,
paving that purpose still in view, I determ-
ined not to vote to-day for the amendment,
"whatever its merits, of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts; for 1 believe that by voting for it
atld attaching it to the amnesty bill, the result
"would be not only to defeat amnesty but it
also. For this reason, I was opposed to the
amendment of the Senator from Connecticut,
because if these two measures were put to-
gether they would share the same fate that
they received upon a previous occasion ; and
I am not certain now that I shall vote for the
two measures combined.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
West Virginia to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, which is the second
section of the original House bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 24; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Boreman,
Buckingham. Caldwell, Cameron. Clavton. Conkling,
Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry of Michi-
gan, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan, Hitchcock,
Morton, Osborn. Pomeroy. Pool, Pratt, Scott, Sher-
man, Spencer, Sumner, West, Wilson, and Win-
dom—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Davis of West Virginia. Ferry of Connecticut. Gold-
thwaite. Hamilton of Marvland, Hamilton of Texas,
Hill, Johnston, Kellogg:, Kelly, Logan, Morrill of
Vermont, Norwood. Rice. Saulsbury, Sprasruc, Ste-
venson, Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull, and Viekers—
24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Carpenter, Chan-
dler, Cole, Davis of Kentucky, Frelinghuysen, Howe,
Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Patterson, Ramsey,
Ransom, Robertson, Sawyer, Schurz, Stockton,Thur-
man, and Wright—19,
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. CARPENTER. I move to amend
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Massachusetts by striking out its fourth sec-
tion.
The words proposed to be stricken out were
read, as follows;
That no citizen possessing all other qualifica-
tions which are or may be prescribed by law shall
be disqualified for service as juror in any court,
national or State, by reason of race, color, or pre-
vious condition of servitude; and any officer or
other persons charged with any duty in the selec-
tion or summoning of jurors who shall exclude or
fail to summon any citizen for the reason above
named shall, on conviction thereof, be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor and be fined not less than
$1,000 nor more than $5,000.
Mr. SUMNER. That proposition of the
Senator from Wisconsin was discussed when
this measure was before the Senate some
months ago, and voted on, and voted down.
I think it was the general opinion of the
friends of the measure that there was no more
important part, or none of more practical in-
terest, than that which secured to the colored
people complete equality on juries. The Sen-
ator doubts the constitutional power. If it is
not constitutional, then it cannot be in force.
I think it is constitutional, and I think, there-
fore, it is our duty to provide this remedy.
Our colored fellow-citizens should be secured
against the outrage to which they are now
exposed. I know no better way than by Con-
gress in these declaratory words to asseit it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I congratulate the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. He is a man of
learning and of unusual ability. He has just
discovered the only reason I ever heard given
that I thought had any soundness in it for
passing an unconstitutional law, namely, that
when it is passed it will be void ; that is to
say, it will be unconstitutional. [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. I do not say thai it is un-
constitutional. My friend knows very well
that I insist that it is constitutional; but I
appeal to my friend from Wisconsin on that
point. Even suppose this is unconstitutional,
as he assumes, then, as I say, it will not be
enforced; it will fail.
Mr. CARPENTER. The difficulty about
that is that I have sworn to support the Con-
stitution, which, as I understand, binds me
not to vote for anything that I believe to be
unconstitutional.
Mr. SUMNER. I have also sworn to sup-
port the Constitution, and it binds me to vote
for anything for human rights.
TheViCE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Wis-
consin to the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, to strike out the section which
has been read.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re
suited—yeas 16, nays 33 as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Boreman, Car-
penter, Casserly, Davis of West Virginia, Gold-
thwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton ofTexas,
Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly, Logan, Saulsbury, Ste-
venson, and Viekers—16.
NAYS —Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Buckingham,
Caldwell, Cameron, Chandler, Clayton, Conkling,
Cooper, Cragin, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry of Mich-
igan, _ Flanagan, Gilbert, Harlan, Hill, Kellogg,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norwood, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Sherman. Spencer,
Sprague. Sumner, West, Wilson, and Windom—33.
ABSENT—Messrs. Blair, Brownlow, Cole, Cor-
bett. Davis of Kentucky, Ferry of Connecticut, Fre-
linghuysen, Hamlin, Howe, Lewis, Morrill of Maine,
Nye, Patterson, Pool, Ransom, Robertson, Sawyer,
Schurz, Scott, Stewart, Stockton, Thurnian, Tipton,
Trumbull, and Wright—25.
So the amendment to the amendment was
not agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe the amend- -
ment as amended is still open to amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I move to strike
out the first, second, third, fourth, and fifth
sections of the amendment as amended. My
object in making that motion is to bring the
Senate to a direct vote on the amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts, and 1 trust
the Senate will vote it down, and then we shal/
have the amnesty bill, and let us pass it.
Mr. WILSON. What sections?
Mr. TRUMBULL. My motion is to strike
out all of the amendment as proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts from the amend-
ment as amended.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire whether that is
in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What is the
ground of the point of order?
Mr. HARLAN. This is matter that has
been put into the amendment by a vote of
the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has not been voted on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has not yet
been voted in. The original amendment con-
sisted of five sections. Twosectioushave been
added. The question is on striking out the
five sections first proposed.
Mr. SUMNER. Those first five sections
being the original amendment.
Mr. MORION. I inquire whether before
that motion is put, it is not in order to move
an amendment to the second section of the
amnesty bill just adopted, for the purpose of
perfecting it ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is not
affected by this motion of the Senator from
Illinois. He proposes to strike out only the
first five sections—what is generally known as
the civil rights bill. The Senator from Ver-
mont has asked lor the yeas and nays on this
amendment to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 will say one word,
that it mav be understood what my object is
arid the effect of this motion. I um m favor
of an amnesty bill. The House of Represent-
atives has sent us such a bill. 1 regard this
attempt to put something else upon it as an
effort to deteat the amnesty bill ; that is the
effect of it; and whatever influences Senators
may vote under, however the Senator Irom
Ohio may undertake to force the House ot
Representatives to come to a vote on some
other measure by his action here, the whole
country and the whole world will understand
that this is an effort to defeat amnesty. Now,
let us have a direct vote on the proposition of
the Senator from Massachusetts, and know
whether amnesty is to be defeated by forcing
white and colored children into the same
schools, and by undertaking to force in the
State courts certain persons upon juiies and to
r emulate the jury systems of the various States,
and other provisions of that kind.
