4160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
own. The bill therefore proposes to permit
James D. Willoughby, to whom letters-patent
of the United States, dated August 3, 1858,
No. 21102, were issued for au improvement
in seed-planters, and which letters-patent ex-
pire August 3, 1872, within ten days of the
date at which the act becomes a law, to file in
the Patent Office his application for an exten-
sion of his letters-patent; and the law which
requires the Commissioner to give sixty days'
public notice in the papers of the application
lor the extension of the letters-patent is sus-
pended in this ease, so far as to require the
Commissioner to give such public notice as
long before his action upon the case as the
limited time now left will permit.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
SARAH S. TRAPP.
Mr. WINDOM. I move to take up House
bill No. 924, reported from the Committee on
Patents.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 924) for the relief
of Sarah S. Trapp, executrix of William
'frapp, deceased. The bill proposes to re-
new, revive, and extend the letters-patent
granted to William Trapp, a citizen of the
United States, dated the 1st of October, 1845,
surrendered and reissued on the 10th of
March, 1849, and extended by the Commis-
sioner of Patents for seven years from the 1st
ot_ October, 1859, and again surrendered and
reissued in two several divisions or patents,
numbered, respectively, 1946 and 1947, for
new and useful improvements in barrel ma-
chinery, for the term of seven years from and
after the passage of the act; and the Commis-
sioner of Patents is directed, upon the present-
ation of the patents or reissues, numbered
respectively 1946 and 1947, or certified copies
thereof, by making a certificate upon such
patent or reissue, or certified copy thereof,
of such extension, (the lawful fees being first
paid,) in the name of Sarah S. Trapp, execu-
trix of William Trapp; and the Commissioner
of Patents is directed to cause them to be en-
tered of record in the Patent Office ; and the
patents so renewed, revived, and extended are
to have the same effect in law as if originally
granted for terms extending to the end of the
term to which they are extended by this act;
but such renewal or extended patents, respect-
ively, are to be open to legal inquiry and de-
cision in the same manner as if issued under
the general law regulating the granting of
patents, and no person, firm, or corporation
is to be liable tor any damage or royalty for
having made, vended, or used the improve-
ments in the patents specified prior to the pas-
sage of this act; and any such person, firm, or
corporation having made or purchased and
used the improvement since the expiration of
the patents, is to he entitled to use the same
without liability during the term of the exten-
sion.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
SIJlBON SAVAGE.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to
take up Senate bill No. G49, reported from the
Committee on Patents.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 649) for the relief of
Simeon Savage. The bill proposes to extend
the letters-patent giauted to Simeon Savage,
a citizen of the United States, dated the 2d of
Maro^i, 18o2, and extended by the Commis-
sioner of Patents tor seven years fioin the 2d
of March, 1866, for an improvement in machin-
ery for printing floor oil-cloths, for the term
of seven years from the 2d of March, 1873,
and the Commissioner of Patents is directed,
upon the presentation of the patent, or a cer-
tified copy thereof, to make a certificate upon
such patent or certified copy of such extension
(the lawful fees being first paid) to Simeon Sav-
age; and the Commissioner of Patents is also
directed to cause the same to be entered of
record in the Patent Office ; and the patent so
extended is to have the same effect in law as
if originally granted for the term extending to
the end of the term to which it is extended by
this act; but such extended patent is to be
open to legal inquiry and decision, in the same
manner as if issued under the general law
regulating the granting of patents.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM AND COLEMAN SELLERS.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I now move
to take up House bill No. 896.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 896) to enable
William Sellers and Coleman Sellers to make
application to the Commissioner of Patents for
the extension of letters-patent for an improve-
mentin coupling for shafting. The bill proposes
to allow William Sellers and Coleman Sellers,
of Philadelphia, to make application to the
Commissioner of Patents for an extension of the
letters-patent granted to them for improvement
in coupling for shafting, under date of May 5,
1857, for the term of seven years from and
after the expiration of the original term of
fourteen years for which those letters-patent,
are granted, such application to be made in
the same manner and to have the same effect
as if it had been filed not less than ninety
days before the expiration of the original term
of the patent. And, upon such application
so filed, the Commissioner of Patents is au
thorized to consider and determine the same
in the same manner and with the same effect
as if the application had beenduly filed within
the time prescribed by law, and as if the
original term of the patent had not expired;
but no person is to be held liable for the
infringement of the patent, if extended, for
making use of the invention since the expira-
tion of the original term of the patent and
prior to the date of its extension.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF ANNAPOLIS.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I presented
and had passed one bill this evening from the
Committee on Patents; and as we are nearly
through with our bills, I have a little bill here
relating to a local matter to which there will
be no objection whatever, and I hope Senators
will allow it to be taken up. It will not take
a minute. The chairman consents.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Connecticut yield to the Senator
from Maryland ?
Mr. IfifiRRY, of Connecticut. Yes, sir.
I he VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Connecticut, who has the floor, yields to
his colleague on the committee to call up a
local bill if there be no objection.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
2848) authorizing the First National Bank of
Annapolis to change its location and name
was read twice by its title, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
JOHN B. EMERSON.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I now move
to take up Senate bill No. 138.
The motion was agreed to : and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 138) for the relief of
John B. Emerson. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to John B. Emer-
son, or his legal representatives, the sum of
$25,610, to be received in full satisfaction for
any and all claim for an infringement by the
United States of his letters-patent, dated
March 8, 1834.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
AMENDMENT OF PATENT LAW.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I now move
to take up Senate bill No. 240.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded io
consider the bill (S. No. 240) to amend an
act to revise, consolidate, and amend the
statutes relating to patents and copyrights.
The bill proposes to amend section thirty-
three of the act entitled "An act to revise,
consolidate, and amend the statutes relating to
patents and copyrights," approved July 8,
1870, by striking therefrom the words "and,
also, if he be living, in case of an application
for reissue." The second section provides
that in all cases the assignees of patents shall
stand in the same place, and be entitled to the
same rights, privileges, and advantages in all
applications for grant, reissue, or extension
of any letters-patent, as the original inventor,
or discoverer, if assignment had not been
made.
The Committee on Patents reported the
bill with an amendment, to strike out the sec-
ond section in the following words:
That in all cases the assignees of patents shall
stand in the same place, and be entitled to the same
rights, privileges, and advantages in all applications
for grant, reissue, or extension of any letters-pat-
ent, as the original inventor or discoverer, if assign-
ment had not been made.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I am now
through with the business of the Committee
on Patents.
GREAT SALT LAKE AND COLORADO RAILWAY.
Mr. POMEROY obtained the floor.
Mr. LEWIS. Let me appeal to the Senator
from Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. Has the Senator a bill
from the Committee on Patents ?
Mr. LEWIS. No, sir.
Mr.'POMEROY.^ Then I ask the Senate to
proceed to_ the consideration of House bill No.
2199. This bill was considered on the day
that was set apart for the Committee on
Public Lands, and the amendments -were
agreed to. The Senator from Nevada [Mr.
Stewart] moved an amendment which was a
general incorporation law for railroads in the
lerritories. I had_ not then examined that
amendment; but since that time it has been
examined by members of my own committee
and others, and we have agreed to a provis-
ion to be added as an amendment to this bill
m lieu of it. What we want is for the Sen-
ate to proceed to the consideration of that
amendment, the bill having been read and
agreed to in Committee of the Whole. I ask
that the amendment offered by the Senator
from Nevada, as now amended and agreed to,
which is a general incorporation law, be added
to this bill as an amendment.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. Does not that require
unanimous consent?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
trom Kansas moves to proceed to its consider-
ation, the Chair understands.
Mr. HfiGHCOCK. I do not think it ought
to be taken up in the absence of the Senator
rrora Nevada.
_ Mr. P0MKH0Y. The Senator from Nevada
is here. I was talking with him a moment asro
on the subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Kansas.
