3264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
I have stated once before that the bill which
the Senator from Massachusetts calls a civil
rights bill is not a civil rights bill at all, and
I think it has been shown in the Senate, and
admitted by the Senator from Ohio, that a
colored person has the same right to travel,
the same right to be entertained at a hotel,
the same rights in these respects exactly as
a white person, and has the same remedies
for their enforcement. It is not a bill to secure
persons in equal rights in any sense, because
the rights of the white people and of the col-
ored people are now the same in all these
respects.
I trust the Senate, if it is in favor of am-
nesty, will so vote and let us understand it.
I hope, Mr. President, that we may have that
vote, that the expressions throughout the
country are such as will bring the Senate up
at last to vote lor this measure of peace and
for the restoration of good feeling through-
• out the country.
Mr. SUMNER. Did I understand the
Chair to rule that the motion of the Senator
from Illinois was in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not see how he could rule that it was not in
order. The seven sections of the amendment
as amended are now before the Chair as one
amendment; and previous to taking the vote
upon that, certainly a Senator can move to
strike out what has not been put in by a direct
vote of the Senate ; and this motion is to strike
out the first live sections, which have been
pending all the time, and to which two addi-
tional sections have been added.
Mr. SUMNER. I did not mean to question
anything the Chair had said, but I had heard
no decision from the Chair. I wish to say one
word now. The Senator from Illinois says
that the measure I brought forward is to defeat
amnesty. 1 say that, his course to-day is to
defeat equal rights throughout this country.
That is what 1 say 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Equal rights in what
and for what ?
Mr. SUMNER. Equal rights for the colored
race.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In what?
Mr. SUMNER. In the matters specified
in the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Has not a colored man
the same right to go anywhere that I have?
Mr. SUMNER. He is exposed to insult
wherever he goes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And so is the white
man.
Mr. SUMNER. No, he is not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Juntas much.
Mr. SUMNER. My friend ought not to
say that, lie knows a white man may travel
from one end of the country to another, and
he is exposed to no insult on account of his
color.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I say to the Senator
that I do not, know of any right by law that a
white man has to travel Unit a colored man
has not. And if he will show me where any
white man has any right to travel that a col-
ored man lias not, I will vote with him to cor-
rect. it. There is perfect equality now.
Mr. SUMNER. Perfect equality! Will
the Senator listen to Mr. Frederick Douglass
as he reports his experience? 1 wish the
Senator would listen to him reporting his
experience on his recent visit to New Orleans ;
how he was insulted on all the railroads, shut
out from equal rights, and when he stopped 
Mr. ALCORN. I ask the Senator, was Mr.
Douglass insulted anywhere in the South?
Mr. SUMNER. He was.
Mr. ALCOHN. Whereabouts?
Mr. SUMNER. At what precise stopping-
place I know not.
Mr. MORTON. On the Potomac river.
Mr. S UMN Ell. That was at an earlier date;
on the Potomac river, within sight of the flag
floating over the Capitol was he insulted; and
the Senator over the way must know that no
colored man can travel between here and Mis-
sissippi now without being insulted.
Mr. ALCORN. I say that colored men can
travel in Mississippi and do travel in Missis-
sippi in first-class cars, and that there is no
insult offered them anywhere.
Mr. SUMNER. Then Mississippi is in a
happier condition than I had supposed; but
the colored man cannot get to Mississippi with-
out being exposed to insult.
Mr. ALCORN. Then let your legislation
come up to the line and leave Mississippi alone.
Mr. SUMNER. We must legislate gener-
ally; there must be one law for every part of
the country, the law of equal rights. The
great principles and promises of the Declara-
tion of Independence must become a living
reality, and that can be only through an act
of Congress. I am astonished at the insensi-
bility of my friend, the Senator from Illinois,
when he says that a colored man may travel
through the country in the enjoyment of equal
rights. I deny it. He cannot; he is exposed
to insult, to contumely, to exclusion from
those facilities and advantages which the Sen-
ator from Illinois enjoys wherever he travels ;
and is not a colored citizen entitled to those
same advantages just to the same extent as
the Senator himself? He can claim nothing
for himself which he must not accord to his
colored fellow-citizens.
I hope, therefore, that the Senator will take
notice that his effort is to defeat equal rights
for the colored race. I wish to remove their
disabilities, the relics ofgenorations of slavery.
He is seeking only to remove the disabilities
of a few persons who drew their swords against
their country, t wish to remove the larger
disabilities which now attach to the much
larger number of people. But I will not
stand in the way of amnesty. Let both go
together ; or if one must precede the other,
let it be the bill for equal rights.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts has spoken with em
pliasis of the insult oli'ered to Frederick Doug-
lass in some part of the South recently while
traveling as a mason for the passage of the
bill. Will that Senator inform me what law
gives a remedy to a white man in the same
situation and for the same kind of insult?
Mr. SUMNER. The common law.
Mr. CASSERLY. Very well, sir; does
not the common law stretch its broad shield
as much over Mr. Douglass as over the Presi-
dent of the United States, if he had been so
aggrieved? And surely, sir, a law that is suf-
ficient to protect the President, and is good
enough for him, ought to be good enough for
Mr. Frederick Douglass.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The argument of the
Senator from Illinois and the Senator from
California is exactly the argument that Mr.
Andrew Johnson made in his veto message
against the civil rights bill of the honorable
Senator from Illinois, and this is the way that
the Senator from Illinois answered it. John-
son said, " Here is the common law; there are
no rights that belong to a citizen which do not
belong to a black man as well as to a white
man;" and now hear the Senator from Illi-
nois put him to shame:
" If," says the President. " as is claimed by many,
all persons who are native-born already ore, by
virtue ot tlie Constitution, citizens of the United
States, the passage of the pending bill cannot be
necessary to muke them such."
Then, in another place, he speaks of their
having rights also. I have not time to read
it all. Now, answers the Senator from Illi-
nois, who seems to have talked out on that
occasion and spent all the love for equal rights
that he had:
"That is true; but is the President to learn now
for the first time that rule to be found in the very
horn-books of the law, that an act declaring
what the (aw is is one of the most common of acts
passed by legislative bodies? When there is any
question as to what the law is, and for greater cer-
tainty, it is the most common thing in the world
to pass a statute declaiing it. My opinion is, such
was the opinion of the Attorney General, such the
opinion of tbe present Secretary of State, such the
opinion of Mr. Lincoln's administration in all its
departments, sucli I believe to be the prevailing
opinion in the United States, that all native-born
persons not subject to a foreign Power are by virtue
of their birth citizens of the United States. But
some dispute this ; and henoe for greater certainty
it is proper to pass this law. and the fact of its being
a declaratory act is now made a reason for disap-
proving it by a President."—Oonoresvional Globe,
first session Thirty-Ninth Congress, 1865-66, part
two, page 1756.
All that can be applied (and I have plenty
more when some other amendment is offered)
to the argument, that these gentlemen press
with such great stringency that colored men
have now got all rights, and we are wasting
time in undertaking to declare on the statute-
book immunities for colored men and remedies
for colored men, because they have them al-
ready. That was the argument which those
who are determined that they shall not have
equal rights always make. When they are
driven into a corner they say, " There is the
common law, let him help himself."
The real trouble is, as is evinced by this
debate, that the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois does not believe that the right to go to a
State school or to a District of Columbia
school is a right that belongs to a citizen of
the United States independent of color. He
does not believe that it is a right belonging to
a citizen of the United States to travel in a
car if he is a citizen and conforms to all other
conditions if his color happens to be one way
rather than another; and so on through the
whole list. But I need not spend time about
that; it is '■ too thin."
Now the honorable Senator says this is a
design to defeat amnesty. He is mistaken.
It is a design to give amnesty a little more re-
spectability than it would have without; it is
to put, a little color of gold and of truth upon
this act of grace to traitors by saying to traitors
at the same time, " If you are relieved from
disabilities that you have justly iucurred, you
shall so conduct yourselves as to give equal
rights to those whom you have oppressed for
Centuries;" and that is all. The Senator says
this is to defeat amnesty, and it has been once
defeated. Jf he will take the trouble to look
at his own votes and those of two or three
other gentlemen who acted with him, he will
lind that, he could have had amnesty two or
three months ago ; only he would have had to
take it with what he was so fond of a few years
ago, and that was to declare that citizens of
the United States should have equal rights ;
and that is what is the trouble. Everybody is
for equal rights in the abstraet; but when you
come to name what they are, when yon come
to say that a man independent of his race shall
have the same right that another man has to
go to a school or into a car, or a right to a
trial by jury, or whatever it may be, oh, it IS
something else. It is always something else ;
there is the trouble. So that instead of this
being an attempt to defeat amnesty, as I say it
is an attempt to give it some life, and some
verity, and some equality; and I might retort,
I think with greater truth, that here is an at-
tempt to defeat equal rights, and to go back-
ward in the progress of this nation instead of
forward.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment, offered
by the Senator from Illinois, to strike out from
this amendment, now containing seven sec-
tions, the first five sections.
Mr. SUMNER. The civil rights bill.
Mr. BLAIR. I am paired with the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, [Mr. Sawyek.] If
he were present he would vote '' nay," and I
should vote •'yea."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 29 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Boreman. Car-
penter, Casserly, Cooper, Corbett, Cragin, .Davis
ot West Virginia, Fenton, Ferry ot Connecticut,
Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland. Hamilton ot
Texas, Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly, Logan,
Norwood, Pratt, Sauisbury, Scott, Sprague, Ste-
venson, Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull, and Vickers—£).
