1472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 6,
tions for offenses committed against the United
States, for the safe-keepmgof prisoners, and for the
expenses which mav be incurred in the enforcement
of the act of February 28,1871, for the four months
ending.June 30,1872, $1,000,000.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman, when the com-
mittee rose yesterday there was a colloquy
progressing between my colleague [Mr. Cox]
and the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawks,] which appeared tome to be more of
a personal than of a general or a political
character.
Mr. DAWES. Allow me to say that it was the
farthest thing from my thoughts to indulge in
anything of a personal character toward the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cox.] Our
kindly personal relations would forbid any-
thing like personal criticism on my part. I
would not indulge in anything personal to
him ; our colloquy was political, and not per-
sonal.
Mr. WOOD. I do not propose to interfere
with that discussion, whether of a personal or
of a political character, as it is too well known
that my colleague is abundantly able to take
care of himself, whether in a discussion upon
this floor or elsewhere.
I have risen, Mr. Chairman, to express my
extreme regret that upon a dry proposition to
appropriate one million dollars in a deficiency
bill, the recognized leader of this House, a
gentleman whose province it is to deal in fig-
ures, not figures of speech or of rhetoric, but
figures of arithmetic, whose special, appointed
duty it is to instruct the House as to the rev-
enue and finances of the country, that that
gentleman should have descended, indeed, from
that very high position to enter into the arena
of political combat for mere partisan cffect.
Now, sir, so far as the debate had pro-
ceeded when that gentleman rose in his place,
I do not think anything had occurred or had
been Raid which called for any reply lrom any
member on this side of the House ; but when
a gentlemen of his exalted and high position
makes declarations and statements of a char-
acter to affect public opinion, to affect the pub-
lic mind of the country, I feel, so far as my
humble position is concerned as one member
of the minority, I cannot remain m the posi-
tion which he desired us to remain in when
the committee rose yesterday.
This is a proposition to appropriate $1,000,-
000. lam willing to admit it is right and proper
to make necessary appropriations, but L also
claim it is onr right and duty to know the
details of every dollar and every cent which
goes to make up this aggregate of $1,000,000.
So far as that portion goes which is in pursu-
ance of every act of Congress, and to sustain
the honor, the integrity, the institutions, and
the laws of the country, if should be appro-
priated. If any of our southern people, white
or black, Democrats or Republicans, have been
guilty of outrage upon the life, person, or prop-
erty of any man, be he white or black, I would
have him punished. So far as the expenditure
involved in this proposition is authorized by
laws in pursuance and hot in contravention
of the Constitution, 1 am willing to vote money
for that purpose.
But that is not the question presented by
the gentleman from .Massachusetts. He intro-
duces the negro, and wants to revive that
question agaih as a political issue. He Seeks
to divert public attention from the real ques-
tion of the present time, and to bring it back
to that of the past, and for a bad purpose.
I can tell him, with all his ingenuity, with all
his capacity to make the worse appear the
.better reason, he will fail. That is not the
issue before the American people to-day.
There is no issue before the American peo-
ple as to what shall or what shall not be
done with the colored race. They have been
enfranchised. Certain amendments to the
Constitution, I am willing to say, have been
adopted.
The CHAIRMAN, The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. WOOD. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I renew
it, and yield my time to the gentleman from
New York.
Mr. WOOD. I thank the gentleman from
Missouri for his courtesy.
The attention of the people in the coming
presidential election will not be diverted by
false issues ; nor can that gentleman and his
party friends force us into issues that are en-
tirely obsolete, and which cannot possibly,
under any circumstances, enter into the pres-
idential campaign. We intend to go for the
purification of this Government, for the pacific-
ation of the people of the United States,
South and North, East and West. We intend
to go in solid column and solid phalanx to
regenerate and reform, if possible, the per-
sonnel of the Administration of this country.
We know, and the people know, that every
Department here is corrupt; that every De-
partment is imbecile and incapable of dis-
charging its duties; certainty incapable of
discharging them either intelligently or hon-
estly. That, I tell my friend, is to be the
issue of the presidential election. We intend
to charge home upon the party who now hold
the offices of the country; we intend to expose
and denounce them, and to prove the allega-
tions which are made here and elsewhere,
that from the Executive Mansion down to the
humblest officer, the whole concern is reeking
with corruption ; and when he seeks to intro-
duce the colored race as a continued political
question ; when he seeks to divert the public
attention and the attention of this^House from
the great, living, and pregnant practical ques-
tion of the day, honest government, I say to
my friend he will fail utterly. The American
people are not to be deceived by such subter-
fuges. The American people will not go back
to fight over again dead issues which have been
determined, and which have been disposed of,
if not in a way satisfactory to us, yet which
nevertheless cannot enter into the presidential
election as a question.
I have thus stated the questions on which
we intend to go before the people. And if the
gentleman is contented with that issue, if, as
lie has said in this House, wherever he sees
the head of a thief he will strike at it, if he
will carry out practically that declaration I
shall be prepared to find him acting with the
Democratic party in this great crusade which
we intend to organize against corruption in all
the Departments of the Government.
Mr. DAWES. I agree cordially with the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Woon] that
the relations of parties to the negro question,
and to the great events that have transpired
in that connection for the last ten years, are
settled. There is no occasion for uncertainty
and doubt in the public mind. Its judgment has
been entered up between the two great parties
upon that question. It is only the uneasiness
which that judgment creates in the minds of
gentlemen, or of certain gentlemen on the
other side of the House, which causes any dis-
cussion whatever on that subject. We are
satisfied to let that judgment rest as it is. We
have no desire to disturb it. The instinct of
the great people of this country is unerring as
to those to whom is to be attributed all that
has been achieved in the grand march of the
last, ten years. It is only because the gentle-
men on the other side feel uneasy and restless
upon it that on every occasion they insist that
there is some mistake about that question.
As to the other issue, which the gentleman
s'ays is the sole issue of the coming presi-
dential campaign, the Republican party has
no uneasiness in that regard. It has but one
theory and but one principle in relation to it,
which is to hold to astrict accountability every
public functionary, and wherever they see he
has departed one iota from the line of recti-
tude, to hold him responsible. Wherever any-
body in the Republican party has been found
guilty of corruption, punishment swift and sure
has followed his conviction. I wish it were
quite certain that the same were true through-
out the country, in all parties and in all admin-
istrations, State as well as national, Demo-
cratic as well as Republican.
I am not here to assume, nobody in the
Republican party assumes, that there are no
officials in that party that are not corrupt.
The day of perfection in the administration of
public affairs has not yet arrived. During the
great expenditures consequent upon and fol-
lowing the war, there was every temptation
and facility for peculation, for corruption, and
for thieving, and it is to the credit of the Re-
publican party that there has followed close
upon the discovery of such peculation and cor-
ruption punishment and discharge from the
public service wherever it was found exist-
ing. I adhere to the declaration to which the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood] has
alluded, and let him denounce me whenever
he finds me faltering about carrying out prac-
tically that declaration. Whether it be a Re-
publican or Democratic thief anywhere in this
land, if I fail to the utmost of my ability, or
if the Republican party fails to strike at him,
I say so far they fail in their duty, and so far
I, for one, am not here to uphold them.
But, sir, it is a little singular that this Cry
arises constantly from Manhattan island ; it
has no other special origin in this House; it
seems to have sprung all of a sudden from a
feeling of necessity, or from some other feel-
ing which springs up in the minds of the
especial Representatives of that portion of the
State of New York. I do not know why it is.
There is an old adage about raising a cry
sometimes to divert attention from what wc
have ourselves that we have no claim to. I
do not know that that is the reason. I see
plainly, it is discernible by the public, why it
is that the loudest cry, the most frequent com-
plaint abont peculation in office and dere-
liction in the discharge of duty on the part
of Republican functionaries arises from that
locality. There is an abnormal condition
of things there perfectly inexplicable.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELDREDGE. I ask the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. McCobmick] to withdraw
his amendment.
Mr. McCORMICK, of- Missouri. I with-
draw it.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I renew the amend-
ment. I do not propose myself to take any
part in the personal discussion which has
arisen upon this proposed appropriation of
$1,000,000 for deficiencies in the judicial de-
partment. These matters, I apprehend, are
generally considered wheu engaged in as per-
sonal to the individuals who take part in them.
I have my own opinions upon those questions
which were discussed yesterday, and there is
no man on this floor or elsewhere who is au-
thorized to express them for me. And cer-
tainly no man has a right to falsify the history
of those times which were so freely referred to,
and place me in a position in which I did not
by my acts or declarations place myself.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] the leader of the House, tells us that
the whole negro question is in judgment entered
up, eurolled, and recorded, and that it is un-
derstood and settled. I would to God that all
the questions growing out of what he styled
the "negro question" were settled. Hecom-
plains of us that the only disturbance there is
upon the question comes from this side of the
House. I appeal to the gentleman's general
sense of fairness and honor that this is not so.
A judgment may have been entered, but to-day
gentlemen on the other side threaten us with
an application to enlarge or amend the judg-
ment, to extend its force, to make, in fact, a
new decree on the heel of the old judgment.
He tells us that we are dissatisfied, that we
are the disturbers, that we are the agitators
of the public mind and public peace. Does he
suppose that we are not aware that he will be
