1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8265
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Buckingham,
Caldwell, Cameron, Chandler, Clayton, Conkling,
Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, (iilbert,
Hamlin, Harlan, Howe, Kellogg, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Osborn, Pomeroy, Tool, Ramsey,
Rice. Sherman, Spencer, Sumner, West, Wilson,
and Windom—'29.
ABSENT—Messrs. Blair, Brownlow, Cole, Davis of
Kentucky, Frelinghuysen, Lewis, Morrill of Maine,
Nye,Patterson, Hansom, Robertson, Sawyer,Sehura,
Stockton, Thurman, and Wright—16.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On this ques-
tion the Senate are equally divided. The
Chair votes in the negative, and the first five
sections are not stricken out. [Manifestations
of applause in the galleries. ] Order in the
galleries!
Mr. MORTON. I wish now to renew the
amendment I offered yesterday to the second
section of the amnesty bill, to come in after
the word ''same," in the sixth line.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will have
to be reserved until the bill is reported to the
Senate. That section has been inserted by a
direct vote of the Senate, and cannot now be
amended in Committee of the Whole; but
when it comes into the Senate the question
will be on concurring in it, with or without the
amendments to it.
Mr. BOREMAN. I believe that the Sena-
tor from Indiana can move that as an amend-
ment to the original bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly; if
he moves it as an amendment to the original
bill it is in order.
Mr. MORTON. I prefer to move it as an
amendment to the larger bill.
Mr, POMEROY. I hope the bill will now
be reported to the Senate.
Mr. COOPER. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting after the word " ser-
vitude " in section one, line four, the words
"or pecuniary condition;" so as to read:
That no citizen of the United States shall, by rea-
son of race, color, or previous condition of servitude
or pecuniary condition, be excepted or excluded
from the full and equal enjoyment of any accom-
modation, advantage, facility, or privilege fur-
nished by innkeepers, kts.
I simply wish to say that as it seems to have
been determined by the Senate that the rights
guarantied by this bill are equal to the in-
alienable rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit
of happiness, I do not see any reason why
they should be denied to the poor if they are
so great and important. The amendment that
I offer is that no man shall be deprived of
them because he is unable to pay for them.
I therefore offer the amendment, and ask for
the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. Of course there is no
warrant in the Constitution for this. Suffrage
cannot be limited by conditions of race, color,
or previous condition of servitude 
Mr. COOPER. This does not refer to suf-
frage, but to boarding at a hotel and the like.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then 1 am rather in
favor of the amendment. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEWART-. I was requested last even-
ing by the Senator from South Carolina [Mr.
Sawyer] to announce that he was compelled
to be absent from the Senate to-day on account
of sickness in his family, which he regretted
very much-, and he desired to have that state-
ment made.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. KELLOGG, (after first voting in the
affirmative.) As I am stopping at a hotel,
and it is a question whether I am not an inter-
ested party, I will change my vote and vote
"nay."
Mr. CALDWELL. I desire to change my
vote. As I am a boarder at a hotel, and not
the proprietor of it. I desire to vote "nay."
Mr. FLANAGAN. I voted to stand by my
friend from Kansas, but I will follow him and
change my vote too. I vote " nay."
The result was then announced—yeas 7,
Hays 3-5; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cooper, Cragin, Davis of West
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 205.
Virginia, Hamilton of Maryland, Hill, Kelly, and
Tipton—7.
NAYS Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Bore-
man, Buckiogham, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter,
CasserJy, Clayton, Conkling, Corbett, Edmunds,
Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry, of Michigan, Flana-
gan, Gilbert, Howe. Kellogg, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey,
Scott. Sherman,Spencer. Stevenson, Sumner, Vick-
ers, West, Wilson, and Windom—35.
ABSENT — Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Brownlow,
Chandler, Cole, Davis of Kentucky, Penton, Fre-
linghuysen, (xoldthwaite, Hamilton of Texas, Ham-
lin, Harlan, Hiteheock, Johnston, Lewis, Loccan,
Morrill of Maine, Norwood, Nye, Patterson, Ran-
som, Rice,^ Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Schurz,
Sprague, Stewart, Stockton, Thurman, Trumbull,
and Wright—32.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. HILL. I move to amend the first sec-
tion of the amendment, line fifteen, by insert-
ing after the word "authority" the words
"provided he or she is properly clothed "
My reason for offering this amendment is that
a Senator yesterday, in the course of the
debate, said there was no reason why colored
citizens should be denied any privileges
accorded to other people provided they hap-
pened to be properly clothed. The idea struck
me and I have embodied it in this amendment.
That will make it a question of inspection upon
going on railroad trains, into hotels, churches,
cemeteries, schools, and everyth'ngof the sort.
There will be somebody to inspect the indi-
viduals and see whether they are properly
clothed, and if not they will be excluded. For
the sake of common decency it is proper, if
for nothing else ; for a person who is improp-
erly clothed ought not to go anywhere. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. ALCORN. I am opposed to establish-
ing any dress circle, upon the same principle
that I was opposed to some of the amendments
that have been adopted to this bill; but I sug-
gest to the honorable Senator from Georgia
that as his constituents and mine are rather
poor, and are not able to dress in the mag.iili-
cent style of the constituents of the Senator
from Massachusetts, if we were to vote here to
establish a dress circle I am afraid none of
us would be able after awhile to travel in the
State of Massachusetts. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Georgia to the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. VICKERS. I move to amend the
amendment in section one, lines fourteen and
fifteen, by striking out the words "or State."
My object is to confine the operation of this
bill in regard to cemetery associations and
benevolent institutions to such as are incor-
porated by national authority, not by State au-
thority. I know of no power in the General
Government to interfere with State corpora-
tions, for they are contracts between the State
and the corporators, and being in the nature
of a contract, the General Government has no
right to interfere with it. Even the State can-
not interfere after the contract is once made.
I desire to confine this to institutions incor-
porated by the national Government, and not
to any incorporated by State authority. I ask
for the yeas and nays on this proposition.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BOREMAN. Mr. President-—-
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll,
and Mr. Alcorn responded to his name.
Mr. BOREMAN. I think this amendment
should prevail.
Mr. POMEROY. It is too late for debate.
There has been a response.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
there was a response. ITe is informed by the
Secretary that he received a response.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think the Senator from
West Virginia rose to address the Chair before
the response was given.
Mr. ALCORN. To enable the Senator to
go on, I withdraw my vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, it will be withdrawn.
Mr. BOREMAN. I think this amendment
should prevail, and I will state my rest on in a
moment. It seems to me that this provision,
if allowed to remain as it is, is an invasion of
private right. It is a declaration that ceme-
tery companies and benevolent institutions,
incorporated by State or national aut'noriiy,
shall not be allowed to manage their own prop-
erty. That is the effect of it. Now, what are
.cemetery associations ? As I stated yesterday,
some fifteen, twenty, or thirty private gentle-
men buy as many acres of ground for a ceme-
tery. It is their private property. For the
sake of convenience simply they go to the
State authority, and under general laws get a
charter of incorporation. It is their private
property. It is no public institution. They
sell lots in that cemetery to others, who thereby
become under the law stockholders. It is just
precisely like a bank, like a bridge company,
or any other private establishment of that sort.
It is not a public corporation at all. It is
true they seek the name of a charter as a mat-
ter of convenience; but the property owned
and to be invaded is, nevertheless, private
property. The land belongs to these persons
privately as much as a house does, as much as
a horse does, or any other property. It is not
a public institution m any sense.
It may be said that because they go to the
law to get a charter therefore their rights
should be invaded; bat we all live under law.
Were it not for law the weaker portion of us
would not be allowed to live or breathe at all;
we should be at the mercy of the stionger.
This provision is a direct invasion of private
right, and a violation, if not of theletter, of the
spirit of the Constitution of the country.
So in regard to benevolent institutions.
What right have we to say that a benevolent
institution, simply because they get a dozen
lines of a charter to allow them to transact
business in a chartered name, owninga private
house in which to meet for benevolent pur-
poses, shall be compelled to allow anybody
and everybody to coine in there? Ihe bill
makes 110 exception in regard to secret asso-
ciations. It applies to them as well as to
others. It does seem to me that this is going
too far, and that this provision, if it is 10 be
retained at all, ought to be limited to those
organizati-ns that are incorporated by national
authority. I may be wrong about this matter;
but as I remarked yesterday, it seems to me
an invasion of private rights that I cannot
support by my vote.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to hear the
amendment reported again.
The Chief C.erk read the amendment.
Mr. MORTON. Does it refer to cemeteries
and benevolent institutions maintained at the
public expense ?
The Chief Clerk. The clause now reads :
"By liustees and officers of cemetery as-
sociations and benevolent institutions incor-
porated by national or State authority ; and
it is proposed to strike out the words or
State."
Mr! CONKLING. May I inquire by whom
this amendment was moved?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maryland, [Mr. VlCKERS.]
Mr. CONKLING. Then I wish to suggest
to the Senator from Maryland that another
amendment would, I think, accomplish the pur-
pose which he seeks to accomplish by this,
and accomplish it more fully ; and I wish 10
suggest to the Senator ironi Massachusetts
that there is apparently hete a dislocation of
words, or a transposition or wrong location
of words, and if he will look at the tirst piige
of the bill he will see what I mean. It reads:
By trustees, commissioners, sul,er'nht®",'Je"^
teachers, and other officers ot common schools and
