1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
577'
Mr. WILLARD. Twislito call attention to
the explanation given to the House by the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
in the last Congress when this proposition was
before that body. It will be remembered by
those who were here then that the Committee
on Appropriations reported against this appro-
priation. In other words, they did not include
the appropriation in their bill, and in that re-
spect they agreed with the committee this year
when they made their recommendation. At
that time the committee adhered to its ground,
but the persuasive gentleman from Nevada
succeeded by blandishments in securing a
small majority in favor of an appropriation of
$100,000. We are asked now to renew the
appropriation, and to give OHe hundred thou-
sand, or nearly that—it is $90,000 in the bill—
to this mint at Nevada, which coined last year
two million dollars in silver. That would be pay-
ing for coinage nearly six cents for every dollar.
At San Francisco it is one and a half cent
on the dollar. And the reason given for it is
substantially this: in the first place, the com-
mittee say that they have been overwhelmed by
the outside pressure, that they have been begged
into making this recommendation. They do
it without heart evidently. And now we are
asked by the gentleman from Nevada [Mr.
Kendall] to do this because, he says, if we do
not grant this appropriation we are striking at
the only industry of the State of Nevada. I do
not know that it is the business of Congress
necessarily, or of the United States Treasury,
to build up by specific appropriation the in-
dustries ot any section of the country. Agri-
culturists would be very glad probably of an
appropriation for flouring mills, that they might
have their wheat ground into flour and made
ready for the market. It would no doubt be
a great advantage to the agricultural interest
to have Federal appropriations every year for
the establishment of flouring mills.
Mr. SARGENT. I would ask the gentle-
man whether he finds a warrant in the Consti-
tution of the United States for the establish-
ment of flouring mills, and whether he does
not find in the Constitution a warrant for the
coinage of money ?
Mr. WILLAUD. I did not make the sug-
gestion that it was unconstitutional. My sug-
gestion was only as to encouraging an industry
in Nevada, in answer to the remarks of the
gentleman from that State. I have no doubt
it is constitutional, but I say there is no need
for it. 1 do not think even the gentleman from
California [Mr. Sargent] will say there is any
need of this appropriation in order to have the
necessary amount of coinage in the country.
San Francisco can coin this as well as Nevada.
There are now no doubt too many mints as
there are too many navy yards in the country.
They are given as pieces of favoritism to spe-
cial localities, sometimes to secure the exer-
cise of some political influence, but geneially
as a matter of favoritism, when they are asked
foi by those localities.
Mr. KENDALL. I would ask the gentle-
man whether or not it is the policy of the Gov-
ernment to build up and sustain mints near
where the precious metals are produced? ^ .
Mr. WILLAUD. I cannotseethattho situa-
tion of the mint has anything to do with mining.
] suppose an assay office would be of some
service. But 1 do not know that it is of any
more service to the mining interest of Nevada
to have its silver coined there than to have it
coined at San Francisco,
Mr. KENDALL. Would it not he more
economical to have it coined where it is pro-
duced ?
Mr. WILLARD. I do not know. If it
were needed for currency in Nevada there
would be some advantage m having it coined
there where it was produced. But I do not
suppose it is pretended that it is needed as
coin as a circulating medium in Nevada. In
fact, as has been state 1 heie. the only reason
for this is that the young and growing Slate
42d Ooxu. 2d Bess - No. 37.
of Nevada, as the gentleman has called it—
although I believe it has not grown any in
population during the last ten years—claims
that its industries should be specially encour-
Mr. KENDALL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question there.
Mr. WILLARD. I would prefer to be
allowed to finish my sentence.
Mr. KENDALL. Has auy State of the
Union increased faster since the last census
than Nevada has done?
Mr. WILLARD. I understand that the
population of Nevada is no larger now than it
was ten years ago. I believe it has forty-two
thousand at the present time.
Mr. KENDALL. What was it ten years ago?
Mr. WILLARD. Mr. Chairman, I disagree
entirely with this notion that we must foster
this mining interest. The mining interest is
a rich interest. It is an interest in which there
are millions and millions of dollars of money
made every year in a speculative way. I do
not say that the miners get it, but it is con-
sidered a rich industry, and is no more de-
pendent upon the United States Treasury for
its support than agriculture is dependent upon
the United States Treasury, or manufacturing.
It is an industry that is able to stand alone in
Nevada as everywhere else. It is a rich in-
dustry, and should not come here and ask
§100,000 from the Government, for that is
practically what is asked.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope debate
will now close upon this question.
Mr. KENDALL. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. SARGENT. I renew the amendment.
I admit that there is a great deal of money
made in Wall street, or on Montgomery street,
by speculation in miuing stock. There is also
a gieat deal of loss from the same process,
but if the gentleman from Vermont means to
imply that mining is profitable to the miner in
the same sense that agriculture is profitable to
the agriculturist, he is entirely mistaken. The
gentleman must speak from very limited expe-
rience. I do not know how much opportun-
ity he has overbad to visit any mining locality,
but I tell him the fact—which he can verify by
going through any mining town in any portion
of thecountry, unless it be in some recent min-
ing camp where there is excitement in reference
to mining discoveries—that mining commun-
ities are generally impoverished; that you will
find more poor men, laboring men, who work
from sunrise to sunset, men biowned by toil,
honest, laboring workmgmen, in these com
munities in the mining Slates and Territories,
than he can find in his own State among the
farmers and the operatives who work in
factories. Mining is an uncertain industry, and
less remunerative than almostany other. Gold
and silver have an intrinsic value at the mint,
and if you put a tax upon them it is a tax
which is taken, not from the consumer, hut
from the profits of the producer. Now, I
challenge denial of this fact. The magnificent
amount that came from the toilsome men to
whom I have referred saved this nation, and
kept up its credit during the war. Why, sir,
when a single steamer went down on the
Atlantic in which there were a few millions of
coin, it produced a financial commotion in the
country which is still remembered and referred
to as an era in financial affairs. Both your
farmersaudyour manufacturers have to depend
upon this industry to give them the means with
which to carry on and keep afloat all kinds of
business.
Now, for a gentleman to get up here and
sneer at this industry, and say that they are
asking aid from the Government, is simply to
show an inaccurate conception of the subject
of which he speaks. Why not make his phi-
lippic against the Mint at Philadelphia, which
is more than two thousand miles from the
nearest point at which bullion is produced?
Why should men bo compelled to bong their
bullion to Philadelphia from Georgia and San
Francisco and Oregon, as they were up to the
time of the establishment of the mint at San
Francisco, to be coined in Philadelphia ? Can
any one say why an army of officials is kept up
at that point, and all the contingent expenses
of a mint there are incurred, unless it be for
the benefit of the city of Philadelphia? If
the Constitution requires the Government to
coin money, why not coin it at the place where
the bullion is produced? We do not ask any
favors, but we do ask that when California
produces §50,000,000 in bullion, and Nevada
$30,000,000, that bullion shall be coined on
the spot. That which is wrung by hard labor
from the soil ought to be utilized upon the spot.
The producers of it ought not to be required to
goto the enormous expense of the transporta-
tion of their bullion to Philadelphia for coinage.
That is what we claim; all that the gentleman
from Nevada claims is that the mining inter-
est will be benefited by enabling them to coin
at their own doors the. product of their toil.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. L. MYERS. Why need the gentleman
strike a blow at the Mint at Philadelphia, and
seek to destroy that?
Mr. SARGENT. I do not seek to destroy
the Miut at Philadelphia. I say yon should
have a Mint there, and we should also have
one at Carson City.
Mr. NIBLACK. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment to the amendment, because 1 am in favor
of the original proposition, to make an appro-
priation similar to the one that was in the ap-
propiiation bill of last year. As a member of
the Committee on Appropriations, I concurred
two years ago in the propriety of the action of
the commiLtee when they omitted to report,
any appropriation for this mint at Carson City.
But after a full and thorough discussion, the
House at that time overruled our action, and
reinstated the appropriation as estimated for
by the Secretary of the Treasury.
When the subject was first brought to tho
attention of the Committee on Appropriations
this session, it is, perhaps, not improper, in
view of what has already been said here, for
me to state the fact that the opinion of the
committee was against making any appropri-
ation for this purpose. We desired to retrench
wherever we could without injury to the ser-
vice of the Government, and, therefore, fol-
lowing the lead of the former Committee on
Appropriations two years ago, we omitted this
year to report an appropriation for this branch
mint. But since we took that action we have
had occasion to investigate the subject more
thoroughly than we had had an opportunity of
doing at the time we determined to omit the
appropriation for this purpose. We have been
informed that the business of this establishment
has been much very increased, that new and
expensive machinery, difficult of transporta-
tion, has been placed in the mint, and that
during the past .year it has not only assayed a
very considerable amount of bullion, but it
has also corned a very considerable amount
there.
Now, if this branch mint shall be discon-
tinued, it will, in the first place, throw upon the
Government a building for which it would
have no sufficient use, and also throw upon the
hands of the Government a large amount of
valuable machinery which it would be very
expensive to transport to any other place, and
which would be of comparatively very little
value. Therefore, after having heard all that
could be said both for and against this prop-
osition, I have come to the conclusion that we
ought, in fairness and in justice, in considera-
tion of what has been done heretofore by Con-
gress upon this subject, to continue the appro-
priation for this brunch mint for the present
year. Accordingly I concur in the action of the
Committee on Appropriations on this subject.
Mr. SARGENT. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I renew it. It is 'me that
