1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1473
found here -within a very few days advocating a
civil rights bill to obtain a farther judgment in
regard to the negro question? Does he not
remember that the gentleman who followed
him yesterday [Mr. Rainey] called upon the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox] to show
his love for the negro by advocating this new
bill, this application for an additional judg-
ment on the heel of the one to which he alluded
as final, settled, and recorded? What, then,
can he mean by charging us as disturbers of
the public peace and of the public mind in ref-
erence to the negro? I appeal to the gentle-
man not to make that charge against this side
of the House. It is not true, it is not honest,
it is not just. It is the Republican party that
lives upon these disturbances, these agitations.
He tells us again that a constant cry is com-
ing up from this side of the House of frauds
and peculations and dishonesty against the
administration of this Government. Mr. Chair-
man, this may be true; it is true, but we are
not oftener charging these things than they
are occurring. Every day is developing new
frauds, new peculations, and new dishonesty
in public officials. The very air is freighted
with corruption and dishonesty in the admin-
istration of public affairs; and these things are
growing and increasing everywhere. I appeal
to the public press. I appeal to the new de-
velopments constantly being made of new and
most astounding crimes. It is not the same
cry, it is not the same appeal, it is varied
each day by a new cause, a new peculation
brought to the light. If gentlemen are tired
of the cry it is not that the matter is old and
often repeated, it is because the same rascal-
ities are of daily occurrence. I will not say
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] who generally, as I have thought,
talks well, and in his rSles acts badly, that he
resists or seeks to prevent exposure. Yet
there is a constant effort, not only at this end
of the Capitol, but at the other end, to cover
up these frauds, to prevent investigations, to
prevent developments, and to plaster up all
the old sores for the purpose of the next gen-
eral election. I know not what might not
be exposed if we had access to the public
records.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cer-
tainly shall not take part in the pei'sonal dis-
cussion or refer to the early part of this debate,
for I did not hear it, perhaps fortunately for
myself. But I want to call the attention of the
House to the assertion that there is a continual
cry of peculation and wrong on the part of the
Government officials. It is so easy to make
that cry ; but that is not proof. I admit that
there are many Government officers who have
been found derelict in duty, and who have not
been honest in their administration of affairs.
But how do the gentlemen on the other side
of the House know anything about these men?
It is because an honest Republican adminis-
tration, through its official documents, has
exposed them. They find out these pecula-
tions and expose them.
We are told that there are a great many of
these officers. Sir, there are a great many of
them. There used to be a conundrum put to
me when a boy at school: why white sheep have
more wool than black sheep have. The answer
was that there were more white sheep than
black ones. So it is in this matter. In the
days of John Adams the expenditures of the
Government were $8,000,000 by a few officers,
while now it is some three hundred and odd
million dollars by thousands of officers, of neees
sity, where there were but hundreds before.
The temptation is the greater, the field is
larger, and the number of officers has increased.
But allow me to call the attention of the
House to one fact which has passed into his-
tory, and which cannot be altered for party or
other purposes. When the war broke out hun-
dreds of men were taken from the ranks of
civil life and made paymasters of the Army.
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 93.
They went through the whole war, and dis-
bursed hundreds of millions of dollars. Thoy
made their disbursements to the troops in the
field, in offices, and in all the departments of
business. And it stands recorded upon the
books of the Treasury Department to-day that
there was less than two per cent, lost in every
way, by accident, by fraud, by mistake, or
otherwise, in that disbursement of money,
many hundred millions of dollars.
Now, I have one further suggestion to make.
It is said here that there are large pecula-
tions in the expenditures of the Government.
There has passed through the hands of Re-
publican officials almost untold millions of
dollars, and there is no fraction small enough
to bring to the mind of the mathematician the
little amount that has been lost of that im-
mense sum.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Chairman, as I have
but five minutes of time allotted to me, I shall
proceed at once to the discussion of the pend-
ing amendment. It seems to me, sir, that we
are asked by the honorable chairman of the
committee to appropriate quite a large sum of
the people's money for the purpose of cover-
ing the balance of the expenses incurred in
carrying out that little electioneering scheme
gotten up here la^t spring by the Republican
party and its military President; and before
I can give my support to the pending bill I
must have some assurance on the part of the
gentlemen on the other side of the House that
we shall not be again called upon by them for
further appropriations of the public moneys
to pay the expenses of furthering their polit-
ical schemes of centralization.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. How does the
gentleman understand this appropriation to
carry on the courts to be an electioneering
scheme?
Mr. GARRETT. I understand that an
appropriation was passed in the Forty-First
Congress.
Mr. DICKEY. For the purpose of punish-
ing Democrats.
Mr. GARRETT. For the purpose of mak-
ing capital for the Republican party in the
election of 1872.
Mr. Chairman, this party through its Presi-
dent has suspended the writ of habeas corpus
in time of peace in portions of two of the
States of this American Union. The Presi-
dent, sir, under the provisions of the ICu Klux
law, to carry out which this $1,000,000 of the
people's money is asked to be appropriated,
lias swept away at one stroke of his pen the
liberties of thousands of free American citi-
zens. Suppose, sir, that a President of the
United States ten or fifteen years ago, in the
purer and better days of this Republic, had,
by the assistance of Congress, overleaped the
barriers of the Constitution, and suspended
the writ of habeas corpus in time of peace in
a single one of the counties in any State of this
Union, the American people, sir, would have
risen up as one man and demanded of their
Representatives that he be impeached at once
and turned out of his high otGce. Free
citizens, sir, have been arrested by the hun-
dred without warrant and hurried away to
other States to be tried for offenses alleged to
have been committed even before the passage
of the law, and they have been tried and com-
mitted by partisan courts, selected in many
instances for their known hostility to the
southern people.
I might go on if I had time with the enum-
erationof crime, fraud, and violence committed
by this party of great moral ideas until the
whole country would turn sick at beholding it.
What do we see here under the very oyes of
Congress? We behold every Department of
the Government reeking with corruption from
eenterto circumference. We see men occasion-
ally indicted in the courts, it is true. But, sir,
we also see them turned loose in every instance
by a partisan court, who simply require crim-
inals to pay back five or ten per cent, of the
money they stole from the people. We see
the Republican party here voting away in ten
short years millions upon millions of acres of
the public land to railroad and other corpo-
rations, while we behold with shame thou-
sands upon thousands of wounded and crippled
soldiers all over this broad land, with large
and helpless families to care for and in desti-
tute circumstances, without a homestead to
live upon; yea, sir, not possessing the title
to the six foot of earth necessary to lay their
bodies in when dead; and these are the men
covered with wounds while in defense of the
best Government the world ever saw.
We see these poor soldiers tax-ridden to
death, (as everybody else is in the country,)
while we are here, sir, voting away their money
as well as their lands to carry out the schemes
of this glorious old Republican party, with
its little military President, to subvert Repub-
lican Government and establish a powerful
centralized despotism in its stead!
And while all this is going on here the poor
laboring men of the country are being hounded
day and night with your secret spies, report-
ers, and tax-gatherers. These people, Mr.
Chairman, after they have done so much for
the best Government the world ever saw,
and have returned from their days of toil to
their humble cottages and have partaken of
their scanty meals, quietly seat themselves by
their firesides, a fire made of coal taxed fifty
per cent.; they take out theirpipes taxed fifty per
cent., fill them with tobacco taxed two hundred
per cent., and when their scanty meals are pre-
pared they sip their coffee taxedforty per cent,
out of a cup taxed one hundred per cent.; and
finally, Mr. Chairman, when they are dead the
family wrap their bodies in sheets taxed two
hundred per cent.; yet the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] said yesterday on this
floor that the people would rather trust the
Republican party than to trust the Democratic
party. But I will say to the gentleman that
we have trusted that party until it has violated
every pledge it made to the people during the
war and since, and the country has borne it all.
But, sirs, you have gone on and on until you
have finally aroused the sleeping lion, and you.
are certainly going to be devoured very soon.
You have sowed the whirlwind, and in Novem-
ber next you will reap the storm.
Now, Mr. Chairman, after adding insult to
insult, and insult to injury, this Republican
party comes back to this House, asking us on
this side to give them more money to carry out
their nefarious plots against the liberties of
our people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, rose.
The CHAIRMAN. The time limited by
the House for debate on this paragraph has
expired.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] will
be allowed five minutes by unanimous con-
sent.
Several Members. No objection.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest that by unani-
mous consent twenty minutes more be allowed
for discussion on this question—ten minutes
on each side.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection
the extension of time will be made.
There was no objection.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Mr. Chair-
man, the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] expresses great surprise that Manhat-
tan Island is excited upon the subject of cor-
ruption. Has the gentleman from Massachu-
setts forgotten that the New York custom-
house is upon that island ? The great differ-
ence between the gentleman's party and mine
on all these subjects is that whenever we dis-
cover corruption we, without reference to the
party it may affect, rise up one and all and
overthrow it, even though it may put the Re-
publican party in power; while the gentleman,
