1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2369
from the House conference committed its
action on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (S. No. 565) to extend the
time to the State of Wisconsin to build a road
from Lake St. Croix to Lake Superior. Quite
a number of gentlemen have gone away, not
expecting that this matter would be brought
up until next week, and I shall myself have to
be absent until Monday.
Mr. RUSK. I think the gentleman might
make his report to-day. The conference com-
mittee disagreed, and there is no reason why
that fact should not be reported and a second
committee ordered.
Mr. KETCHAM. I give notice that I will
make the report on Tuesday next.
order of business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Pending the
motion for the House to resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the special order,
I move that all debate on the pending amend-
ment making an appropriation in connection
with the civil service reform be closed in half
an hour.
Mr. SARGENT. This is a very important
subject. 1 move to amend by making the
time allowed for debate one hour.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will consent
to make it forty-five minutes.
Mr. SARGENT. Very well; I agree to
that.
The motion was modified so as to make all
debate on the pending amendment close in
forty-five minutes; and as modified it was_
agreed to.
Mr. COBURN. I rise to make an inquiry
in regard to the order of business. If we go
now to business on the Speaker's table, is the
St. Croix bill in the way of other business?
Will it be the first thing brought up?
The SPEAKER. There is no report on
the table in regard to the St. Croix bill.
Mr. COBURN. I move that the House
proceed to the consideration of business on
the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the special order is superior to the
motion of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Coburn.]
Mi-. COBURN. I supposed a motion to go
to business on the Speaker's table would be
in order now.
The SPEAKER. It would not. The mo-
tion to go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union is a motion to suspend the
rules.
Mr. COBURN. Will the gentleman from
Ohio yield to me to move that the House pro-
ceed to business on the Speaker's table?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman to wait until we get through with the
amendments of the legislative, &c., appropri-
ation bill. I do not think it will take much
time, and I cannot yield.
The question was taken on the motion of
Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, and it was agreed to.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler, of New York, in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 1060) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1873,
and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
is upon the ninetieth amendment of the Sen-
ate, which is as follows:
To enable the President of the United States to
perfect and put in force such rules regulating the
civil service as may from time to time be adopted by
him, $50,000.
In this amendment the Committee on Appro-
priations recommended non-concurrence.
The CHAIRMAN. There is an amend-
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 149.
ment pending to the amendment, moved by
the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. McCrahy,] to
strike out the last word.
Mr. McCRARY. I withdraw that amend-
ment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I renew the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, it is hardly necessary to say
that the civil service of the country requires
reform. If there is anything that demands
the earnest attention of Congress it is the con-
dition of our civil service in the Executive
Departments of the Government. The public
discontent is never earnestly displayed, and
the public attention is not universally aroused
to a subject of public abuse unless there be
a just foundation for it, and the history of
the last few years has developed more pub-
lie discontent and dissatisfaction with the
manner in which public affairs are managed
than in any previous epoch of our history.
Tho condition of the civil service of the Gov-
ernment is such that" it ought to arrest the
attention of the Representatives of the people.
Embezzlement, corruption, fraud, and incom-
petency force themselves everywhere upon
public attention. That the civil service de-
mands reform no gentleman can deny. Every
honest voice in the nation demands rei'oim.
You must reform the civil service and arrest
the tide of corruption in public atl'airs or con-
sent that republican government shall be a
failure.
It, is proposed to place $00,000 at the dis-
posal of the President, by which, if he may
desire information, and the aid of honest and
competent men to enable him to etl'cet a
reform in the public abuses m otlice, he may
do so. I would give him every aid he desires
and hold him responsible tor the result, if
there is a bare possibility that anything may
be done to reform the present demoralization
of the public service 1 think the House should
not hesitate to favor it. Dishonesty m public
office is costing our people millions annually.
For myself, whether I entertain any reasonable
hope of satisfactory results from such an appro-
priation or not, 1 should feel it to be my duty
to vote in favor of it, and 1 hope the House
will concur in the amendment of the Senate if
there be the remotest hope that the President
may be induced by one single act to stay in
any degree the tide of demoralization in the
public service.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] called our attention yesterday to an
instance where a disabled soldier was unable
to obtain employment in the public service
which would yield him the necessaries of life.
If there were no other reason in favor of the
revision of our system, the very fact to which
the gentleman refers shows that something
should be done eveu in justice to the dis-
abled soldier. A disabled soldier asks for
employment right here in the capital where
there is public employment on every hand,
and i3 refused everywhere, and the gentle-
man from Massachusetts is compelled to find
him humble employment at a distant post to
enable the soldier to obtain bread. Sir, 1 can
see no greater necessity for reform, when only
politicians can obtain appointments, and the
soldier, even with honorable scars appealing
in his behalf, is turned away, forsooth, because
he has no political power.
The gentleman from Massachusetts talks
about the rules prescribed by the civil service
commission as to qualification. Does not the
gentleman know that all over this capital, right
here in this House of Representatives, in the
Senate, in every Department of the Govern-
ment, all around us, there are hundreds of
positions, messengers, watchmen, and count-
less other employments, which are not subject
to any such examination as is proposed by
these rules, with ample salaries, and yet to the
soldier, deprived of the means of living, in the
midst of abundance of offices, no employment
is open to him? Politicians monopolize all
your public offices ; the disabled soldier must
stand aside. Is there no need of civil service
reform even as to these more unpretending
employments? But it is in the higher offices
where corruption riots.
I agree that we cannot hope for any very
great results from such an appropriation. The
President can, and he alone can retorm the
public service. I think that a singleness of
purpose, for the good of the nation, on the
part of the head of the nation, the power of a
great example, and the selecnon of public offi-
cers in every department of the Government
of integrity beyond question, with a view to
the good of the public servicu alone and not
for partisan purposes, are the great agents by
which tile civil service is to be reformed. But
ret'orni must go further than these temporary
expedients. The Republic should be secure
against effort to use political power for per-
sonal aggrandizement. The sa'ety of the peo-
ple should be placed beyond any accident of
fortune. The Chief Evecul lve should not have
[lower in any exigence of atl'airs to control or
largely atlect by nalionage the destinies of the
nation. You must by constitutional amend-
ment give the people power to clecLevery local
officer. With the executive pationage and
power thus reduced and the term of that high
office luniled, tile Republic would be secure.
[Here the hammer fell, j
Mr. WAKE.MAN. 1 shall vote for this
appropriation ; but at. the same time 1 wish to
say that 1 have no confidence whatever in these
rules prescribed lor a reform of the civil ser-
vice. If those rules should lie carried into
operation, it would be but a few years till all
the public offices m this city would be filled by
persons ftoni the Distnct of Columbia and the
Slates of Virginia and Maryland. 'J'.ike the
case of persons living at a distance who may
desire to etiLer into a competitive examination
for positions here ; they cannot come here and
wait for vacancies and then submit to an ex-
amination. A man may be very qualified to
fill one position by reason of his literary quali-
fications, and he may be' far better able to li 11
some other position by reason of some other
qualifications.
Therefore 1 say that so far as are concerned
the rules prescribed by those gentlemen who
have been called upon to devise some meas-
ures for the reform of the civil service, 1 have
no confidence in them whatever. I would
rather take a practical common-sense man who
has gone through life paddling his own canoe,
than to take a man just from college. I would
not be considered as speaking here against
education, not at all. But I say that when you
make educational qualifications a test of fit-
ness for office, it will not, in my judgment, be
found to answer in all the Departments.
It has been said here by some, that members
of Congress desire to hold on to all that they
have got. I cannot speak for others, but I
can speak for myself, and will say that for the
short time I have to remain here I do not at
all desire to have that responsibility continued
upon me. But as long as it is devolved upon
me, as it has heretofore been, it becomes my
duty to recommend to office whenever vacan-
cies happen and I am applied to for the pur-
pose. For one I would be very glad to vote
for the bill of the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Willard,] to require a member of Con-
gress not to interfere at all in appointments
in the Departments here unless requested
so to do by the heads of Departments.
We could legislate here to some more pur-
pose, in my judgment, than by merely adopt-
ing rules to apply to the selection of men for
office. We might pass a law that when a man
has been appointed to office he shall fulfill his
duties for the time covered by his commission,
unless sooner removed from office for cause.
That would do away with a great deal of the
difficulty that we have upon the subject, and
with a great deal of the pressure that is made
upon us here. I, for one, do not believe that
the present system is desired to be held on to
