4162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
road with the road owned by the company furnish-
ing such aid. Any railroad company heietofore
organised under the acts ot the Legislature of any
Territory shall, upon filing with the Secretaryof the
Interior its original articles of incorporation, or a
certified copy thereof, and its acceptance of this act,
be recognized for all the objects and purposes of this
act, and shall be entitled to all the privileges and
benefits, and shall be subject to all the restrictions
herein granted or imposed. _
Sec. —. That any such corporation is hereby au-
thorized to construct, maintain, and operate a tele-
graph on the line of its road. The provisions of
this act concerning the grant for station-buildings,
workshops, depots, machine-shops, switches, side-
tracks, turn-tables, and water-stations shall not ap-
ply to mineral lands of the United States, nor to
lands reserved by the United States, nor to lands
occupied by homestead or preemption settlers.
Sec. —. That nothing in this actshall be construed
to make the United States responsible for any debts
or obligations of any character which may be con-
tracted by sueh corporations. And it shall not be
lawful for any Territory, or any county or municipal
corporation within any Territory, to subscribe to
the stock of any corporation authorized by this
act, or that may accept its terms, or in any manner
to loan its credit to such corporation. Congress
may, at any time, having due regard for the rights
of such companies, add to, alter, amend or repeal
this act. _ „ , , ,, . ,.
lSec. —. That the right of way through the publio
lands in any State is hereby granted to any railroad
company incorporated under the laws of such State
to the extent of one hundred feet in width on each
side of the center of such railroad, and the right
and authority are hereby given to such corporation
to take, from the publie lands adjacent to the line
of said road, material of earth, stone, timber, and
water for the construction and maintenance thereof;
and ground for station buildings, workshops, depots,
machine-shops, switches, side-tracks, turn-tables,
and water-stations is hereby granted to such corpo-
ration, not to exceed forty acres upon any ten miles
of road.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
oil agreeing to the amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. Now, after that long
bill has been read, I trust the Senator who
bad it read will be satisfied. He cannot pro-
pose to pass a bill of that extent and of that
imporlance suddenly, in this unexpected way.
The Senate is exceedingly thin, and I submit
it would be an indecorous thing to attempt to
pass a general act of legislation for incor-
porating any number of railroads, from one to
ten thousand, in the Territories of the United
States, granting them rights of way of a cer-
tain width, without having a very full discus-
sion upon it.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator hear
me for a moment?
Mr. BAYARD. I merely state that this is
not the time nor the mode in which a bill of
this kind should be brought up.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator hear
me for one moment?
Mr. BAYARD. I cannot help hearing the
Senator when he speaks so loud.
Mr. STEWART. I wish the Senator to
hear me one moment. We were formerly in
the habit of granting lands to aid in the build-
ing of railroads in the States and Territories.
We have abandoned that policy. The Terri-
tories formerly were allowed to organize rail-
road companies. Some two yeais ago we
passed a law forbidding them to organize rail-
road companies. The consequence of that
action of the Government, abandoning the
policy of granting lands to aid in the con-
struction of railroads, and prohibiting the
Territories from passing incorporation laws,
is that you have one hundred and eight bills
introduced at this session of Congress asking
the right of way to build railroads and making
special incorporations in the Territories,, and
you have a lobby here averaging from fifty to
one hundred and fifty men pressing these
schemes. The result is that you pass bills in
the morning hour creating corporations with-
out the proper guards, without proper restric-
tions. You give away the mountain passes to
individuals who come here and ask for them,
whether they intend to build the roads or not.
You give them these franchises to sell, be-
cause it is a great thing to get a corporation
in a Territory.
This bill provides a general system by which
anybody can incorporate for this pui-pose, aud
anybody pan baild a railroad in a Territory.
Some eight or ten of these special bills were
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road. We looked them over. The commit-
tee, after consulting extensively about this
subject, came to the conclusion that we had
better try to meet this question by general
legislation. The first proposition was to allow
the Territories to make these organizations
aud let them have the right of way. Then it
was suggested that the territorial Legislatures
were so uncertain, in such a crude state, that
they would grant privileges that ought not to
be granted, and we would have the same diffi-
culties that had occasioned the legislation
which prohibited them from acting on the sub-
ject at all. The committee then came to the
conclusion that we would report a general bill
to put everybody on the same footing, a bill
providing a simple mode of incorporation for
all who want to build railroads in the Terri-
tories, granting them the light of way, placing
all on an equality, and not giving to the indus-
trious lobbyists the privilege of coming here
and getting acts of incorporation to sell out to
men who want to build railroads, but to let
those who waut to build railroads build them,
and with their own money.
I have been trying for a long time to get a
hearing on this subject. The difficulties in a
bill of this kind are apparent to all. The
Committee 011 Public Lands at first said they
had jurisdiction and it ought not to come from
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad. I did
not care for that. I have consulted with those
members of thatcommittee who were willing to
consult and had leisure to examine the sub-
ject, and they examined it and indorsed it
and adopted it. I do not believe you will get
a better bill. I do not believe you will get
more attention to any other bill than has been
bestowed upon this.
It seems to me, in view of the facts I have
briefly stated, it ought to be allowed topass.
It relieves us of a vast lobby, makes railroad
buildmg free, relieves us from special legisla-
tion, places all on the same footing, enables
those who desire to do so to put their money
in the building of railroads and not in buying
franchises, because it makes franchises free,
the right to build free. It is not an original
measure. It is based upon the statutes of
Ohio and other States which make up a sys-
tem. Every section in it is a section that has
been tried by experience. The bill was care-
fully examined at some six or eight meetings
of the Pacific Railroad Committee and criti
cised carefully, aud I believe it is right and
ought to pass.
Mr. BLAIR. There is a bill 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator wish to speak on this amendment ?
Mr. BLAIR. I want to say a few words in
reference to the bill thatoccupies the attention
of the Senate. The author of that bill, the
Senator fiom Nevada, is urging it before the
Senate now. I desire to allude in this con-
nection to a very important bill; a bill which
occupied the attention of a committee of the
other House for nearly six months, which
passed that House and came to the Senate,
which passed here with amendments, was re-
ferred to a committee of conference, and that
committee, after having devoted a very long
session to its consideration, have reported the
bill to the Senate. We have sought on several
occasions to bring the report of that committee
to the attention ot the Senate. That bill is one
of more importance than any bill that has
been considered by the Senate at this session.
I refer to the steamboat bill. It is a bill
which affects more persons, which affects
larger interests, more property, and more lives.
Mr. CONKLING, (m his seat.) Yes, that is
true ; it affects more lives.
Mr. BLAIR. Yes, sir, and it excludes
some patentees from fastening themselves
upon the business ot this coantry, and for
that among other reasons Senators have
objected to its consideration aud occupied the
lime of the Senate and prevented its consid-
eration although it had proceeded to the very
last stage of a bill for its consideration befose
the Senate. Now, sir, I shall object to the
consideration of the pending bill, excluding
as it does measures ot this great importance.
The Senator says this is a bill that gives con-
veniences to the people in the Territories.
Unless we can pass some measure we shall
have the steamboat interest of the whole coun-
try brought to a stand-still by the objections of
that Senator and others in this Chamber.
Mr. COLE. I demand the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that at eight o'clock the appropriation
bill became, by postponement aud by unani-
mous consent, the order of the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. I want a vote on this
bill, and I shall move to lay the appropriation
bill on the table if necessary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The appropria-
tion bill must be taken up if demanded, be-
cause it was the order for eight o'clock. The
Senator from California is entitled to the floor
on the regular order.
Mr. CONKLING. I want to say a word, if
my friend will yield to me. The Senator from
Missouri said a thing in which I feel an inter-
est. He said this bill takes away from the
steamboat laws—I do not quote him at this
moment literally; I shall in a moment 
Mr. BLAIR. If the Senator intends to
quote me, I wish he would quote me exactly.
Mr. CONKLING. I shall quote him, and
I took down the Senator's words, which I will
come to in a moment. He said it cuts off the
rights 
Mr. COLE. Mr. President 
Mr. CONKLING. Have I the floor ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California has the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I will wait until
the Senator from California yields. I want
to be heard when the Senator from California
does not interfere with me.
Mr. NYE. I wish to make an appeal  
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California is entitled to the floor 011 the
appropriation bill, which was postponed until
eight o'clock, and is now called up by a
demand for the regular order.
Mr. NYE. I ask the Senator to yield for
two or three minutes.
Mr. COLE. For what purpose?
Mr. NYE. To dispose of the bill now up.
Mr. COLE. Ifitean be voted on without
further discussion, I should be willing to yield
to that.
Mr. NYE. I know I shall have the support
of the honorable Senator from California.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from California yields the floor, the Chair will
assign it to some other Senator?
Mr. COLE. If the bill can be disposed of
without debate, on account of the importunity
of many Senators I will yield and allow a vote
to be taken.
Mr. NYE. I shall not occupy the attention
of the Senate three minutes.
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire who has
the floor?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator from
California proceeds I have no right to object;
if he is not going to proceed I claim the floor.
Mr. NYE. I hope the honorable Senator
from New York will let tne have the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. I will in a moment; but
I have a personal matter to settle with the Sen-
ator from Missouii, which I mean to settle as
soon as I get the opportunity.
Mr. COLE. I wish it to be understood that
the five-minutes rule prevails on the appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. NYE. Unfortunately I live in a coun-
try where there are no steamboats. If it were
otherwise I suppose I could get the floor for a
minute.
