8266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
other publio institutions of learning, the same be-
in? supported by moneys derived from general tax-
ation, or authorized by law.
Now, the Senate will see that those words
were deemed necessary for an unmistakable
purpose, namely, to make rights and the pay-
ment of taxes go together, to observe and
establish the reciprocal tilings growing out of
that fact. I submit to the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts that those words in place of occur-
ring there, "the same being supported by
moneys derived from general taxation, or
authorized by law," should occur two lines
below, after the words ** State authority;'' so
as to read:
Other publio institutions of loarning; by trus-
tees and otfii*ers of r;n>mctory associations and benev-
olent institutions incorporated by national or State
nuihority, the same bein<? supported by moneys
derived horn general taxation, or authorized by
Jaw.
Mr. MOftTON. That is the way it ought
to read.
Mr. CONlvLING-. That is the way it should
read. The Senator from Massachusetts will
see that all the reason he had for putting in
those words (which I presume have been mis-
placed by the Printer) as applicable to trus-
tees, commissioners, superintendents, touchers,
and other ollicers of common schools, applies
precisely the same to cemeteries and othei
benevolent institutions.
Mr. SUMNER. Yes. Allow me to ask the
Senator, though—I take his idea—whether the
term u incoiporated " is not equivalent to
tl authorised by law ?"
M r. (H)NIyIjING. It \n equivalent to " au
thonzed by law but tlie Senatorwill observe
that he or I, in his State or mine, may under
a general actor a special charier go on and
organize au institution which heand ins ijiends,
a Utile group of individuals, ladies perhaps,
endow. Many such exist in my own State.
It is their private property. Nobody else has
anything in the world to do with it. It is just
a venture of their own, so much bread which
they cast ut>on the waters 
Mr, SUMNER. Hut the Senator sees the
point he is now speaking to is provided for in
the nexr clause.
Mr. COCKLING. No, 1 beg the Senator's
psu-don, if he will excuse me. J will come to
that in one moment,:
Jiut private schools, cemeteries, and institutions
o( louimuy:, ustabli*dit'd exclusively, &e.
1 hat. is piecisely whfit these schools to which
3 dirt-el. jus attention are now. [ will take lor
illus'raiioii an institution established for the
benetii: of I hose unsound of mind. I have one
in my mind now lor persons whose minds are
dise.iM'd. It is established by private funds,
to be sine; hut it is established under law. It
is iinl a ptivaie institution, it is open to any-
body who chooses to go and pay, but is in no
sens'' sustained by taxation. U is a mere vol-
untary private adventure of humanity, if I may
so say, of those engaged in it.
Mi. EDMUNDS. Just as if it were a per-
sonal establish m<-nt.
Mr. OONKLINU. Just as if it were a per-
sonal establishment,. Now, the criticism, the
henafor from Massachusetts will see on the
language as it standi, is just as broad as it
might have been before in reference to the
school question. Some Senator on the other
?' ssaul, lf you establish equality of rights
111 leturenou to all benevolent institutions merely
because they are incorporated you invade pri-
vde lights, wnhout any reference to color at
8ll. J hat (piefstion does
is an intrusion
lor
not come in, but it
,11 i , , u t'nusti people into it
do b<;lu"g there at all. Therefbie I
suggest to him if he will consent to transpose
the words which occur now on page 2, lines
eleven and twelve, "thesame being supported
by manys derived from general taxation,"
It lie Will just move them down two lines so
as to let them apply to benevolent institutions
ana cemetery associations, it cuts the whole
knot and obviates the whole difficulty. That
1 hope he will do.
Mr. SUMNER. Does tlie Senator think
with that transposition the words will be ap-
plicable to the first part of the clause?
Mr. BLAIR. Will the Chair give us some
understanding of the five-minutes iu!e?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York has one minute more of his five
minutes. He has spoken four minutes only.
Mr. MORTON. I think the Senator from
Massachusetts ought to accept that amend-
ment.
Mr. SUMNER. I merely wish to under-
stand it.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator has any
doubt about it, let him repeat the words in
place of transplanting them. I submit there
would not be any duubt about it if it read this
way :
Or other public institutions of learning; by
trustees and otlicers of cemetery associations and
benevolent institutions incorporated by national
or State authority, the same being supported by
moneys derived from general taxation.
The Senator can either transpose the words
or repeat the words below, and then there can
be 110 question about it.
Now, if the Senator from Maryland will give
me his attention, I think (he Senator from
Massachusetts will not object to a broader
amendment than his to strike out the words
"or State," and that is, to repeat in the fif-
teenth line, 011 the second page, the words "the
same being supported by moneys derived from
general taxation, or authorized" by law."
The VfCl'l PRESIDENT. The Senator's
five minutes have now expired.
Mr. SUM N KR. Do 1 understand the Sen-
ator from New York to propose to stiike out
in the fourteenth line the words "by national
or State authoiily ¥"
Mr. CONKLING. No.
Mr. SUMNER. He proposes to leave those.
After the explanation made by the Senator
from New York J have no objection to the
amendment suggested by him. I see we are
aiming at the same point.
Mr. {JON KLfNCjr. Entirely so.
I he VICE PRKSiDENT. The amendment,
however, of the Senator from Maryland, to
stiike out the words u or State." is still pend-
ing, and the yeas and nays have been ordered
upon it. The Senator from Massachusetts has
accepted the suggestion made by the Senator
from New Voi k to him to change the phrase-
ology (>1 the fiist lew lines on the second page,
attaining perhaps the object desired by the .
Senator from Maryland; but the amendment
of the Senator from Maryland is still pending;
the yeas and nays have been oidered upon it,
and it he insists upon it the Secretary will call
the roll, alter which the larger amendment can
'be offered.
Mr. V10KEUS. It the Secretary will read
the clause as proposed to be changed by the
Senator from New York, perhaps i might
agree to it,
Mr. CONKLING. If I may do so without
being out of order, I will furnish the Senator
with the very words. Here they are in print.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is the Senator
from Maryland willing to allow this to be a
substitute for his proposition, or does he insist
on the original amendment?
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest to (he Sen-
ator, if this does not, make it as strong as he
desiies it should be, he can then renew his
amendment in any form afterward; but this
certainly covers a part if not the whole of
his suggestion.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask the attention of the
Senator from New York and the Senator from
Massachusetts to a question started by the col-
loquy between them; and that is, whether or
not to make this amendment acceptable the
words "or authorized bylaw" ought not to
b? stricken out?
Mr. CONKLING. I agree with the Sen-
ator entirely, and what is more important the
Senator from Massachusetts agrees with him
also, and is perfectly willing, 1 understand, to
strike out those words, which would be sur-
plusage.
Mr. SUMNER. It would read "by trustees
and officers of cemetery associations and be-
nevolent associations, the same being supported
by moneys derived from general taxation oj
authorized by law."
Mr. CONKLING. That is what the Sena-
tor from Maryland wants.
Mr. SUMNER. That strikes out the words
" incorporated by national or State authority "
and brings the other clause, " the same being
supported by moneys derived from general
taxation or authoiized by law," down to line
fourteen, as a substitute lor the words " incor-
porated bv national or State authority."
Mr. SCOTT. Very well. Now, if the words
" or authorized by law " still remain, I submit
if there be a private corporation endowed by
an individual who comes to Congress and
gets it incorporated in this District, or any
place else, then this clause would govern the
regulations of that private individual, and
make his institution open to the admission of
all persons, whether he had prohibited them
by his rules or not. Those words, "or author-
ized by law," ought to be stricken out in either
event.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Maryland, if he insists upon it, to strike
out the words " or Slate," so that it will read
''national authority."
Mr. V1CKERS. I am anxious to accom-
modate the gentlemen on the other side if I
can only get their amendment written down
by the Secretaiy so that I can understand it.
The YKJE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts has lepeafced it as he pro-
posed it, bur the Senator from Pennsylvania
has intimated thai the objection lies to it still.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not, think that the ob-
jection of the Senator from Pennsylvania—he
will excuse me—does lie to it,after the amend-
ment that I accept.
Mr. SCOTT. Will it be in order to strike
out those woidy aiter the amendment has been
adopted ?
Mr. SUMNER. I hope they will not be*
Mr. EDMUNDS, it would be in order, of
course.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will see that
the terms are applicable to " common schools
and other public institutions of learning, the
same being supported by mone} s derived from
general taxation or authorized by law." I
think they are needed, and I propose to bring
them down to the end of the clause, to come
in immediately' alter "benevolent institu-
tions,?? instead of the words " incorporated by
national or State authority.7' I hope there
will be no objection to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will now report the clause as the Senator from
Massachusetts desire-s it to be; and if the Sen-
ator from Maryland does not accept it, the
question recurs on his amendment, on which
trie yeas and nays have been ordered.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to strike
out in lines fourteen and fifteen the words
'* incorporated by national or State authority,"
and to transpose the words in lines eleven,
twelve, and thirteen, as follows: "the same
being supported by moneys derived from gen-
eral taxation or authoiized by law," to follow
the word "institutions," m line fourteen; BO
that the clause will read:
13y trustees, commissioners, superintendents, teach-
ers, and others ollicers of common schools and other
public; institutions ot learning; by trustees and offi-
cers of cemetery associations and benevolent institu-
tions, tin; same being supported by moneys derived
irom general taxation or authorized by law.
Mr. SUMNER. That is i'ighfc. I hope there
will be no objection to that.
