1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1475
ring up strife, unfit for any judicial or political
position. Those men have signed their names
to that declaration and they give him this
character, because he was working up cases
under this infamous system with Akerman,
Whitely & Co. From page 502 it will be seen
that the bar of Charlotte held a meeting and
asked his removal, because of his infamous
proceedings and his utter incompetency, and
the base prostitution of his judicial position.
It is because this million dollars is to go
to men of that description that I am opposing
the appropriation. I do not want to go into
any political discussion, but I want to know
whether men like Ackerman, Logan, and
Whitely, and the rest of them, such as the
marshal, spies, pimps, and informers, who
were arresting men without any charge against
them, and treating them to liquor and then
discharging them in order that they might
pocket the money and make political capital,
are to receive their pay out of this appropria-
tion. It is for that reason I want a statement
from the present Attorney General of the Uni-
ted States or some responsible officer, and not
from a man like the late Attorney General,
who has been dismissed from his high office,
and who must have been dismissed, I presume,
for a cause, or he would have been there still.
Yet the information obtained from that for-
tunately no longer official source is the only
information we have been allowed to have be-
fore us to indicate why we should vote away
this million dollars of the people's money. If
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] will
show good reason why it should be voted, I
will go with him. I wish on this occasion to
keep out of the discussion of politics. When
the political question comes up I will be ready
to discuss it.
Now, a word as regards the State of South
Carolina. You will find, by turning to pages
587 and 588 of the report, that the correspond-
ent of the New York Herald was therein No-
vember, 1871, four months after martial law
was declared. On page 587 of the report you
will find his statement as to Spartanburg, and
on page 588 asto Union. He shows that men
were being arrested by the dozen when there
was no cause for arrest, and where for months
prior to the passage of the Ku Klux bill no
offense was even charged to have been com-
mitted. He says that officers and marshals
of the United States admitted these facts to
him. He gives their names and calls upon
them to say if it was not true. He calls upon
them to deny, if they dare, that they were
doing these things for political purposes, and
to answer and say if they did not tell him that
it was to "show the power of the Govern-
ment." Now, sir, I have only time to say that
I will not vote a dollar, far less a million dol-
lars, for such purposes as these, and I am sat-
isfied much of the $2,000,000 already appro-
priated has been squandered in these and like
infamous schemes.
Mr. BINGHAM. One would suppose from
the character of this debate that gentlemen
had some strange grievance to complain of.
Any one who has attended to the debate has
noticed that with very few exceptions it has
been quite foreign to the proposition before
the House, to wit, to appropriate $1,000,000
in the execution of the laws in the mode pre-
scribed by the Constitution. The appropria-
tion proposed has been recommended by the
Department of Justice. Usually, sir, in the
history of this Government, such appropria-
tions, so recommended, have been made with-
out challenge. Any one who has attended to
this debate will discover, although the attempt
was made to conceal it, the animus which
actuates gentlemen. It is hostility to the
execution of the laws.
It has dropped out in the progress of this
debate that, there is a certain law, which is
offensive to certaiu gentlemen in this House,
known as the act of 1870-71 to protect citizens
of the United States in the enjoyment of the
elective franchise guarantied to them by the
Constitution. It has further transpired in the
progress of this debate that another act, passed
in 1871, to protect citizens in the enjoyment
of their rights of person and of property, is
also offensive. These acts can only be en-
forced through the courts of the United States.
By reason of their violation, an unprecedented
amount of prosecution has been instituted in
the name of the United States in certain por-
tions of this country.
Gentlemen here cry out that it is an elec-
tioneering scheme. An electioneering scheme,
indeed, to secure the free exercise of the
ballot without let or hinderance from any
man, or from any organization of men 1 An
electioneering scheme, indeed, to secure to
every citizen of the United States, irrespective
of color, the equal protection of the law as
guarantied to him by the solemn decree of the
American people!
Sir, that is the issue as it stands here now
before the American people, and I will meet
the gentleman before the high tribunal which
is to decide it. These necessary appropriations
should be made without challenge by any
party, calling itself Democratic or Republican,
to the end that the laws may be faithfully
carried out without fear, favor ,or affection. I
regret as an American citizen that there should
have been such a display of partisan feeling
where there should be no partisan feeling. I
know that in the ranks of the Democracy on
this floor and elsewhere there are gentlemen
who desire to see the laws faithfully executed. I
regret that there is not entire unity in the
House on that point. It- is the interest of
every man in the Republic that the laws should
be administered, and they cannot be adminis-
tered without the necessary appropriation.
The fact has been stated already by the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations that this appropriation is not
unusual, but, as compared with appropriations
made in other times, is just about the same
in proportion to the increased wants of the
country. The appropriation in 1871 was
$2,769,034 08. The appropriation now is but
$3,000,000, making a difference of two hun-
dred thousand dollars and a fraction. Why
all this outcry? Are gentlemen unwilling that
the laws shall be executed ? Is it to the inter-
est of the Democracy or anybody else that the
laws shall be defied aud that the courts of jus-
tice shall be closed against a citizen outraged
in his person or property ?
Mr. Chairman, the sad feature of the dis-
play made in the progress of this debate—in
the heat and excitement of debate, I hope—is
that the Democratic party, speaking through
gentlemen who choose to constitute themselves
its leaders, stand before the country to-day in
the attitude that they have occupied for the last
twelve years; first, that it was unconstitutional
to defend the Constitution when assailed by
armed force; next, that it was unconstitutional
to amend the Constitution; and finally, that
it is unconstitutional to enforce the Constitu-
tion by laws. What is our Constitution worth
if it is not to be enforced by laws, supported
by the power of public opinion, which is
stronger than armies ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to call
attention to a single point made by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky. I call this commit-
tee to witness that I have made no political
speech on any appropriation bill this winter,
and though greatly provoked to do so by some
remarks made yesterday personal to myself
and reflecting also on the character of an hon-
ored predecessor, the late Mr. Giddings, I
have rigidly refrained from entering into po-
litical debate; but when the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] represent? the Commit-
tee of Appropriations as coming here with
nothing to sustain them but the letter of a
dismissed Cabinet officer, it is time I
reply to his allegations.
In the first place, the Cabinet officer to
whom he refers was not dismissed. Every-
body knows, certainly every member of this
House knows, for it is a notorious fact, that
the Cabinet officer referred to was not dis-
missed, but resigned, the resignation to take
effect some weeks after the date of his resig-
nation, and that officer received a commend-
atory letter from the President when he ac-
cepted his resignation. Upon what authority,
then, the gentleman ventures to call that the
dismissal of a Cabinet minister I do not know.
Now I call attention to another fact. I pre-
sented the letter of the Attorney General,
because it was the most detailed statement
that had been presented; but I also alluded
to the fact that I had four other letters by me,
urging the Committee on Appropriations to
hurry up this appropriation for the courts, or
the whole judicial business of the Government
must stop. I will now, with the permission
of the committee, submit all those letters aa a
part of my remarks. They came to me in
January, February, and in the beginning of
this month, and they are all signed, not by
Mr. Akerman, but by the present Attorney
General of the United States. I asked him
for a statement of the special necessities of the
case, and in one of his letters he informed me
that there was not more than enough money
on hand remaining to run the courts a week.
In the last letter I received from him he in-
formed me that he had been compelled to
suspend processes in some courts for want of
money to pay witness and other fees.
Now, gentlemen say that this appropriation
means polities, that it is to be made for the
purpose of aiding a political party. I answer
those gentlemen that I did as much as any
other gentleman, with the limited abilities I
possess, to make the law to which they refer,
a law strictly within the limits of the Consti-
tution of the United States. There are no
military tribunals authorized under that statute.
All trials under it are to take place m the civil
courts of the United States, and men are to be
tried under the civil law. The law expressly
provides that every man arrested shall be turned
over to the courts of the United States. Tho
law invoked is not the law of the bayonet, but
the honored law of the land administered
through the civil courts, provided for in the
Constitution 
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a single question?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. BECK. Has the gentleman laid the
facts before the House, except such as were
furnished by Mr. Akerman ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have already
laid before this committee letters from Attor-
ney General Williams repeating and indorsing
all that Mr. Akerman said.
Mr. BECK. Why did not the gentleman
do it on yesterday ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Those letters
were referred to yesterday in my remarks. I
distinctly stated that I had several official let-
ters written since this first one, repeating what
was stated by Mr. Akerman, calling the atten-
tion of the Committee on Appropriations to
what had already been reported from that
Department, and urging immediate action. m
No letters have been written to me since yes-
terday.
Mr. BECK. There are no letters published
in the Globe of this morning excepting that
of Mr. Akerman.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I say again to
the gentleman that if he will read my remarks
in the Globe he will see that I referred to the
package of letters then beside me, and r-Mch
I have already presented.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Have those letters been
published at all?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Of course they
have not.
Mr. ELpREDGE. The gentleman has kept
them in his hands. Why has not the eentle-
