1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
579
presented the petition of B. P. Pressley, for
relief; which was referred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
government for the indian territory.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the protest of the delegates of the
Creek, Cherokee, and Choctaw nations ; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
franchise for coach line.
Mr. DUELL. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill for reference.
The SPEAKER. Is there any exigency for
the introduction of the bill to-day?
Mr. DUELL. There is to some extent. I
do not expect to be in my place on Monday,
when the States will be called, having obtained
leave of absence.
There being no objection, the bill (H. R.
No. 1190) granting a franchise for a line
of coaches from the national Capitol to the
national cemetery at Arlington, Virginia,
was introduced, read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
report of r. w. raymond.
Mr. BEATTY,from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution ; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved., (the Senate concurring,) That there bo
printed of the report of It. W. Raymond, on the sta-
tistics of mines and mining, with accompanying
engravings, three thousand copies for the use of the
House, one thousand copiesfor the use of the Sen-
ate, and one thousand copies for the use of tho
Treasury Department.
Mr. BEATTY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolutton was adopted ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
elections in washington and idaho.
Mr. TAFFE. I ask unanimous consent to
put on its passage the bill (H. It. No. 1030)
regulating elections in Washington and Idaho
Territories. I desire to state there is a pressing
necessity for the speedy passage of this bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will be pre-
pared to recognize the gentleman to ask unani-
mous consent at the termination of the morn-
ing hour to-morrow.
Mr. RANDALL. That will g'ive time for
an examination of the bill.
Mr. TAFFE. Then I withdraw my request
for the present.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; aud (at four
o'clock p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, ktc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ACKER: The remonstrance of
workers in iron aud others, citizens of Norris-
tovvn, Pennsylvania, against a change of the
existing tariff laws abating or abolishing duties
upon such articles as are successfully produced
in this country, &c.
By Mr. BROOKS, of New York : Two peti-
tions of officers of savings banks, forthe repeal
of the law taxing deposits of $500 and upward
one twenty-fourth of one per cent, monthly,
upon theground that it is a tax upon working-
men.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
Samuel Wadington and 30 others, journeymen
cigar-makers, of Fall River, Massachusetts,
praying an increase of duties on imported
cigars.
By Mr. CLARKE, of New York: The peti-
tion of importers and dealers in sugar, in favor
of a specific and unitorrn rate of duty.
Also, the petition of manufacturers and
dealers in tobacco, in favor of a utnform tax
of sixteen cents per pound.
ByMr. DONNAN : Tho petition of distillers
and wholesale liquor dealers of Dubuque, Iowa,
for a change of the law relative to the tax on
distilled spirits.
By Mr. DUELL: The petition of R. A.
Francis, of New York, asking damages for the
violation of a contract by the quartermaster's
department for five hundred thousand yards
of kersey cloth.
ByMr. GRIFFITH: Remonstrances numer-
ously signed by the operatives in the rolling-
mill and furnaces of James Wood, Son & Co.,
of Mercer county, Pennsylvania, against a
change in the existing tariff laws abating or
abolishing duties upon such articles as are suc-
cessfully produced in this country.
By Mr. HANCOCK: The petition ofThomas
Kearny, collector of customs at the port of
Corpus Christi, Texas, praying relief from
losses of public money forcibly taken from him
by robbers.
By Mr. HOAR: The petition of Mary
Harty, for arrears of pension.
Also, the petition of Mary J. Miller, for a
pension.
ByMr. KETCtfAM: The petition of soldiers
of the fourteenth regiment New York volun-
teers, for relief.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of Sergeant
J. W. Ambler, asking compensation for ser-
vices in drilling troops during the war.
By Mr. MANSON : The memorial of James
T. Gardner, Samuel Milburn, B.J. Armstrong,
Henry Barton, and 60 others, all soldiers in
the late war to suppress the rebellion, praying
the speedy enactment by Congress of House
bill No. 452, introduced by Mr. Manson, to
grant bounty lands to soldiers who served in
the said war, and to the widows and children
of such as have died.
By Mr. McKEE: The petition of W. E.
Doney & Co., and 180 others, citizens of
Madison county, Mississippi, asking the re-
funding of the cotton tax.
By Mr. MERllIAM: The petition of J. C.
Lewis and numerous others, citizens of Lewis
county, New York, asking an amendment to
the pension act of February 14, 1871, so as to
include the surviving soldiers and widows of
soldiers of the war of 1812, who have served
less than sixty days.
By Mr. MORPHIS: The petition of citizens
of the State of Mississippi, praying the estab-
lishment of a branch of the Federal court at
Aberdeen, Mississippi.
Also, the petition of citizens ofthe State of
Mississippi, praying the refunding of the cot-
ton tax collected in 1805 and 1807.
By Mr. L. MYERS: The petition of Gen-
eral De Witt C. Baxter, late colonel of the
seventy-second Pennsylvania volunteers, for a
special act allowing him arrears of pension.
Also, the petition of Joseph Houser, form-
erly a private of company I, ninetieth regi-
ment Pennsylvania volunteers, and afterward
first sergeant company E, two hundred and thir-
teenth regiment Pennsylvania volunteers, for
the passage of an act allowing him arrears of
pension.
Also, the petition of James B. Andenried,
late first lieutenant company E, second Penn-
sylvania cavalry, for tho passage of an act
granting him arrears of pension from Septem-
ber 17, 1804, to May 13, 1870;
Also, the memorial of William Wheeler
Ilnbhell, of Pennsylvania, to the Congress of
the United States, to appropriate the money
to satisfy the unpaid balance of the verdict
rendered in his favor under the joint resolution
of Congress, approved June 3, 1864, for the
use of several million of his patent fuses for
explosive shells by the Army and Navy of
the United States, and the transfer of his
patents to the United States in pursuance of
said joint resolution, accompanied by the
proofs of record and statement of his counsel.
By Mr. PL ATT: The petition of Joseph
Dawson, late United States assistant assessor
in Virginia, praying compensation for injuries
received while in the discharge of his official
duties.
By Mr. PORTER: The memorial of the
National Tobacco Association of the United
States, for a uniform tax of sixteen cents on
tobacco.
Also, the petition of Baughman Brothers &
Co., and others, booksellers, stationers, and
printers, of Richmond, Virginia, praying the
repeal of the law authorizing the sale of
stamped envelopes, and if Congress should
not deem it advisable to do so, then praying,
first, that the Post Office Department furnish
envelopes to the public at ten per cent, above
actual cost and not at cost as at present; this
would assist in making the Department self-
sustaining, as well as in some degree help the
trade; second, that the amendment to the
Post Office appropriation bill passed by Con-
gress at its last session, providing "that, no
envelope, as furnished by the Government,
shall contain any lithographing or engraving,
and no printing, except a printed request to re-
turn the letter to the writer," be made into a
permanent law, as it expires Julv 1, 1872;
third, should Congress not prohibit the print-
ing of business cards, then all stamped envel-
opes printed to order, with the name, address,
and business of the party ordering them,
should be charged one dollar per thousand
extra, which is less than ordinarily charged
by printers and stationers ; fourth, that all
stamped envelopes with business cards printed
on them, and sent through the mails, should be
charged withpostage, the same as other printed
matter, which cost of transportation is esti-
mated at $1 44 per thousand, from data given
in the Postmaster General's report for 1869,
page 34.
By Mr. RANDALL : The petition of John
Carrigau, late second lieutenant battei-y A,
New Jersey light artillery, asking additional
pay for military service.
By Mr. SHANKS : The protest of the del-
egates of the Creek, Choctaw, and Cherokee
nations against the proposed establishment of
a territorial government for the Indian terri-
tory, which they claim would be a violation
of treaty stipulations.
By Mr. STEVENSON: The petition of P.
J. Jones and 216 others, soldiers of the late
war for the Union, praying the equalization of
bounties and the right to acquire homesteads
without the previous term of settlement and
cultivation.
By Mr. STRONG: The memorial of Julia
H. Wilson, praying the substitution of Wil-
son's electrical gas-lighter for the one now
in use over the Hall of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and in the Rotunda aud Dome of
the Capitol.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of J. W.
Hain and 09 others, citizens ofthe eighteenth
congressional district of Ohio, for an increase
of the tariff on imported cigars.
Also, the petition of F. Gordelia and 5
others, citizens of the eighteenth congres-
sional district of Ohio, on the same subject.
Also, the petition of journeymen cigar-mak-
ers and manufacturers of cigars in the eight-
eenth congressional district of Ohio, in favor
of an increase of the tariff on imported cigars.
By Mr. WALDEN: The petition of John
Roberts, of Monroe county, Iowa, who served
in the war of 1812, asking a pension.
IN SENATE.
Tihjbsday, January 25, 1872.
Prayer by Rev. W. ID. Parsons, of the
Lutheran chapel, Washington, District of
Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 1016) to promote the
development of the mining resources of the
