1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3267
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I call for
a vote on the amendment offered by my col-
league, on which -the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maryland objects to his colleague withdrawing
Jiis amendment, on which the yeas and nays
have been ordered. The yeas and nays will
now be taken on the amendment to the amend-
nient, offered by the Senator from Maryland, to
Strike out the words " or State."
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that will be voted
down, in order to enable me to make the cor-
rection which I have stated.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is, however,
pending. The Senator from Maryland far-
thest from the Chair [Mr. Hamilton] objects
to its being withdrawn.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. BAYARD, (after first voting in the
affirmative.) Perhaps I had better withdraw
my vote. I am paired with the honorable
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] on all mat-
ters relating to the civil rights question, and I
therefore ask leave to withdraw my vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the vote will be withdrawn.
The result, was announced—yeas 21, nays
21; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Alcorn, Boreman, Casserly,
Cooper, Corbett, Davis of West Virginia, Ferry of
Connecticut, Goldthwaue, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston,
Kelly. Norwood, Pool, Saulsbury, Sprague, Steven-
son, Tipton, and Vickers—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Buckingham,
Cameron, Clayton, Conkling, Edmunds, Ferry of
Michigan, Flanagan, Gilbert, Ilarlan, Morton, Os-
born, i'oineroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Spencer,
Bumner, Wilson, and Wright—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Brownlow, Cald-
well, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Cragin, Davis of
Kentucky, Fenton, Frelinghuysen, Hamlin, Howe,
Kellogg, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
of Vermont, Nye, Patterson, Ransom, Robertson,
Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, Stockton,
Thurman, Trumbull, West, and Windom— 32.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate be-
ing equally divided, the Chair votes in the
affirmative. The amendment to the amend-
ment is agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. Now I move to strikeout,
after the word "institutions," on page 2, line
fourteen, the words " incorporated by national
authority," and to transfer from lines eleven,
twelve and thirteen the words "the same be-
ingsupported by moneys derived from general
taxation or authorized by law," following the
suggestion of the Senator from New York.
Mr. VICKERS. I suggest to the Senator
from Massachusetts that he insert the word
"and" in place of the word "or" before the
words "authorized bylaw."
Mr. SUMNER. That would weaken the
clause. The object is to protect common
schools and other public institutions, whether
supported from moneys derived from general
taxation or authorized by law. Now the Sen-
ator proposes to insert "and " instead of " or."
That would limit the protection afforded by
the act. I think the word "or" there is
essential, and I hope, as I consent to strike
out the words "incorporated by national
authority," there will be no objection to put-
ting in the other words. I think there can be
no objection to this amendment.
Mr. VICKERS. There may be institutions
of learning authorized by law, but supported
by private contributions, and they would be
included in that sentence. Now, I suppose
the intention is to include only those that are
authorized by law and supported by taxation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. BOREMAN. There is a marked differ-
ence between institutions of learning and cem-
etery companies. To institutions of learning
autkoiized by law ail persons are invited. To
a cemetery company owned by private stock-
holders all persons are not invited, nor can
they go without permission, unless it is given
them by this law. There is an entire differ- j
ence legally and in practice. So it is with the
other matters that are mentioned in the bill
preceding the subject of schools. In regard
to innkeepers, they invite the public ; com-
mon carriers invite the public ; theaters in-
vite the public; schools invite the public;
but cemetery companies owned by private
stockholders do not invite the public. They
control their own property as any private in-
dividual does. That the same rule ought not
to apply to those different institutions seems
to me so plain that it does not need any argu-
ment.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator from
West Virginia allow me to remind liim that
the next clause meets his point. It says :
But private schools, cemeteries, and institutions
of learning established exclusively for white orcol-
ored persons, and maintained respectively by vol-
untary contributions, shall remain according to the
terms of the original establishment.
Mr. BOREMAN. I understand what fol-
lows very well; but unfortunately the phrase-
ology that we are now talking about includes
that which follows. The mere declaration
afterward that private establishments of this
sort are not to be affected by this law does not
exclude private institutions or organizations
from being included in the preceding portions
of the law. The preceding phraseology in-
cludes piivate property.
Mr. SUMNER. This is in the nature of a
proviso, the Senator will notice, limiting the
previous language.
Mr. BOREMAN. I will make a suggestion
of this sort, which, it seems to me, will prob-
ably cure the difficulty: to insert the word
" public" immediately preceding "cemetery,"
so as to read, " trustees and officers of public
cemetery associations and benevolent institu-
tions." That is a mere suggestion. I have
no right to offer an amendment now.
Mr. CORBETT. It seems to me the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts ought to accept the
suggestion of striking out the word " or" and
inserting " and," so that the clause will read,
" the same being supported by moneys derived
from general taxation and authorized by law."
Mr. SUMNER. I have already explained
that those words—I wish my friend would bear
it, in mind—qualify the previous provision with
reference to common schools and other public
institutions of learning. Take my own State;
take Harvard College ; it is not an institution
supported by "moneys derived from general
taxation;" but it is an institution "authorized
by law."
"Now, I wish under this law to make it im-
possible for Harvard College to close its gates
against a colored person. Take Amherst Col-
lege in Massachusetts; it is the same. Take
all our great institutions of learning. They are
not sustained by' • moneys derived from general
taxation," but they are "authorized by law."
The Senator would make it possible for all
those great institutions to close their gates
against a colored person. I do not think that
is right.
Mr. CORBETT. Common schools, I sup-
pose, are authorized by law.
Mr. SUMNER. They are, and so is Har-
vard College authorized by law.
Mr. CORBETT. What exception is there,
then ?
Mr. SUMNER. I have already stated that
Harvard College is not supported by moneys
derived from general taxation, nor is Amherst
College, nor is the great theological institution
at Andover, nor any of the gieat institutions
of learning in Massachusetts. They are not
supported by moneys derived from general
taxation, but they are authorized by law. I
want to reach those cases, and the Senator
favors an amendment which leavps those great
institutions with lull power to close their gates
against colored persons.
Mr. CORBETT. Would not the language
"common and public schools" meet the
objection ?
Mr. SUMNER. No; it would not. It is
"other institutions of learning." That is the
phrase that is introduced in the eleventh line.
Mr, CORBEfT. It seems to me that to
change the word " or" to " and" would cover
the case.
The VICE PRESIDENT. "The question is
on the amendment to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Massachusetts. •
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. VICKERS. I move to amend the
amendment by adding at the end of the third
section the following words:
And that the right of appeal as in other eases
shall be allowed to any party aggrieved.
So as to read:
And any of the aforesaid officers failing to insti-
tute and prosecutesuch proceedings herein required
shall, for everysuch offense, forfeit and pay the sum
of $500 to the person aggrieved thereby, to be recov-
ered by an action on the case, with full costs ; and
shall, on conviction thereof, be deemed guilty of
a misdemeanor, and be fined not less than $1,000
nor more than $5,000; and that the right of appeal
as in other cases shall be allowed to any party
aggrieved.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I see no objections to
that; but that is the law now—" the right of
appeal as in other cases."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. BOREMAN. I move to insert after
the word "institutions," on the fourteenth
line, the words " of a public character ;" so as
to read:
By trustees and officers of cemetery associations and
benevolent institutions of a public character, &e.
Mr. SUMNER. I make no objection to
that.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no further
amendment be proposed, the bill will be re-
ported to the Senate.
Mr. COOPER. Has the vote been yet taken
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] as amended?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Tennessee demands a vote upon agree-
ing to the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, as amended, as a substitute
for the original bill.
Mr. COOPER. On that question I ask foJ
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY. I may not have under-
stood the announcement just made by the
Vice President; but if I did understand it, I
do not know that the condition of the bill
agrees with the statement made by the Vice
President.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Inwhat respect?
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 understand that as tho
whole matter now before the Senate stands,
the amnesty bill ot the House was adopted sub-
stantially and also the bill offered by the Seu-
ator from Massachusettswit.il certain changes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That has_ not
yet been agreed to. The question now is on
agreeing to this amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts as amended by the Senate,
which now embraces seven sections, as a sub-
stitute for the original House amnesty bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not wish to cause
the delay of having it all read over, but, I
merely desired to know whether I understood
it as the Chair does.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it shall be
agreed to, probably when the bill is reported
to the Senate the amendment should be read
all through as various amendments are pro-
posed to be made to it in the Seriate, which
cannot by parliamentary law be made to it
now in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand that if
we vote down this amendment then we have
before us the amnesty bill as it passed the
House.
Mr. EDMUNDS, Yes, sir.
