1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2371
abolish the franking privilege did not origin-
ate either in the time of the present Postmas-
ter General, or with him, but is an 81d one,
dating from many years*back?
Mr. POTTER. True; but the latest revival
of the agitation of that question was by or at
the instigation of the present Postmaster Gen-
eral, and it is to that I understand the gentle-
man from Indiana to have referred.
But let us turn, sir, from the franking priv-
ilege to the last great public movement for
retorm which the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Shaxks] also styles a great piece of
inunhuggery. civil service reform. Is there
indeed nothing in the^civil service to reform?
Is it true there are no abuses in the exer-
cise of the appointing powers of the Govern-
ment? If theie are abuses in this respect—
and the people from one end of the country
to the other believe there are great abuses—if
there are abuses resulting by the very nature
of things from our system of appointment and
removal, and not merely from the except-
ional action of the party for the time in power,
then of all things in the world it is not hum-
buggery but wise legislation to attempt to cor-
rect such a system. \Vrho is there on this floor
that will venture to say that not only 111 this
Administration, but iti all the Administrations
that have preceded it for the last twenty years,
the exercise of the appointing power of the
Government has not been made to a greater
. or less extent a matter of abuse? How is it
possible that there can be centralized in one
city the appointment of perhaps forty thou-
sand postmasters, and ot as many, and I pre-
sume, even more thousands of other Fedeiai
Appointees, who are now employed by the
Government, and whose numbers are yearly
increasing, and at the same lime this enorm-
ous central appointing power be wisely and
houestiy administered ?
If, then, this system by the very nature of
things creates an abuse, whoever may be in
power, wc should put an end to such a sys-
tem. I do not care when the abuse first arose.
The abuse existing and being inherent in the
system, we should do what lies in our power
to correct a system leading to such great and
all-peivading evil.
llr. SHANKS. Now, let the gentleman
answer me a queslion, as 1 allowed him to put
a queslion to me when I had the floor. What
is the gentleman's remedy? Where does it
find place m this proposition? Where does it
find place befoie the country? What have
these commissioners told us will settle this
difficulty? They ask $50,000—to do what? To
do nolhing. And the gentleman has no remedy
ior it.
Mr. POTTER. I thank the gentleman from
Indiana for his interruption. 1 think there is
a remedy, and I believe it will be the only
efficient remedy.
Mr. SHANKS. Then you ought to have
brought it before the House.
Mr. POTTER. The gentleman from Indi
ana [Mr. Suaxks] is not, perhaps, aware of the
fact that the proposition I favor is before the
House, and I hope will meet its early approval;
and that is, so to alter the laws of this Gov-
ernment that individuals tilling the subordin-
ate places under the Federal Government shall
be selected by the choice of the people in the
localities where tuey are to serve.
Mr. SHANKS. Oh! That is not the prop-
osition of the gentleman from New York. It
is the pioposition of my colleague from the
Indianapolis distiict, [Mr. Ootsuitx.]
Mr. POTTER. True, the proposition of
both of us, and of the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. McCitARYj also. Hut the question just
now is not what is the remedy. The question
is m regard to the disease.
Mr. DAWES. 1 wish the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Pottkh] to state distinctly
if he proposes to have the people of the Dis-
trict of Columbia elect all the officers of the
Government m this locality I
Mr. POTTER. Should they not elect all
those officers who have to do only with the
discharge of the business of the District of
Columbia itself?
Mr. DAWES. What is the gentleman to do
with all the Government officers?
Mr. POTTER. The question now is whether
Congress shall recognize this abuse which no
one denies, and seek as best we can to find
some remedy for it; not what is the best remedy.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman need not run
after an ignis fatuus.
Mr. POTTER. That there are abuses to be
corrected is but too real.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLOGG. 1 do not wish to prolong
this debate, because if we continue it much
longer it.>wiU cost the country more than fifty
thousand dollars, the whole amount of this
appropriation. But I wish to say this: that
while I shall vote for this proposition, for the
amendment of the Senate, as the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations recom-
mends, for I believe we should improve the
civil service by all the means in our power,
I believe the civil service is much better and
purer and freer from corruption and robbery
and fraud than it has been at any period before
during the past thirty years. And I will give
my reason for it. Gentlemen know that while
we have plenty of investigations going on in
this Congress, not one single dollar of the pub-
lic money has been proved to have been ta,ken
by a single one of those officers who have been
subject to investigation, and who have received
their appointments under Geneial Grant.
Stili, gentlemen talk of corruption in the
New York custom-house, as if no corruption
had ever existed there before. You will
always find too much of it. Yet you will find
no Swartwout under this Administration run-
ning away with more than a million dollars of
the people's money, taken out of the custom-
house. You will find no Price following him
with hundreds of thousands of dollars more.
You will find following him no Powler in the
post office of the city of New York, robbing the
people of hundreds of thousands of dollars,
taken from the proceeds of that office. When
you do find these things under this Adminis-
tration, then say the New \rork custom house
is worse than it has been before. All these
twenty investigations have not proved yet, and
wiil not prove, that a dollar has been robbed
from the people by any one of the leading
officials appointed under this Administration.
But still an honorable gentleman on the other
side of the House [Mr. Beck] rose yesterday,
and, while an investigation was pending in re-
gard to the head of one ot the Departments,
the Secretary of the Navy, had the very bad
taste, as it seems to me, to make an assault
upon him from mere newspaper evidence,
which he had found, as claimed to be given
before the committee. Why, if the gentleman
relies upon newspapers, I will answer him by
an extract from a paper on his own side. The
Patriot, a partisan paper belonging to his party,
comes out witb a leading article this morning,
saying that it is a matter of simple justice to
say that there has been no particle ot evi-
dence to sustain the charge ot criminality
against the Secretary ; and still these charges
are made here by honorable gentlemen on this
floor. I give the extract from the leading
column of the Patriot as 1 find it this morning:
" AYhathas taken place in the investigations now
in prngre.-s as to naval contracts and the sales of
aims? As to the former, no one will suspect us ot
especial sympathy with the Secretaiy ot the lyivy,
whose peculiar modes of administration we have
more than once criticised, but it is one tiling to err,
even mischievously, in the discharge ot duty—to
misinterpret, even stupidly, statutory duties—-ana
it is another to connive at corrupt jobs and be a
party to official plunder. For weeks ami months
has the newspaper that has been Mr. Kobeson s
ctiiefaceuser, in alt the offeu.-ivene^s of capitals and
leaded types, charged him in the plainest terms with
the grossestcrunes. Helms been alliterat.ivetystyled
a'robber' and taunted as a ' thief.' Investigation
is made, and it is a matter ot simple justice to say, no
pat tide of evidence sustains these charges ot crim-
inality ; and when the question arises with whom
this grievous wrong originated, the responsible ed-
itor or his informant, the former wraps himself up in
a privilege, and no one—not the anxious public, not
the defamed party—is allowed to know anything. If
Mr. C. A. Dana, when he charged Secretary Robeson
with crime, had in his possession no information-i-we
will not say no evidence—to sustain it, condemna-
tion is due to him. If, on the other hand, he was
misled by his correspondents, and pat in this emi-
nently false position, then no confidence should
protect him."
Mr. Chairman, there is a demand among
the people for the best civil service reform we
can give them, and I believe in giving to this
Administration a fair trial to establish the best
civil service reform in its power. There can
be an improvement, there is no question about,
that, and I say it is the duty of this House and
this Congress, having called upon the Execu-
tive to inaugurate the civil service reform, to
give him the means of completing the experi-
ment.
I agree with gentlemen that some of the
rules heretofore reported by the committee
may prove to be visionary and futile ; but I
say the experiment should be tried ; let us
give the opportunity to the Executive to reform
the civil service, and place in his hands an
appropriation necessary to do it.
Mr. SARGENT. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. BARRY. I renew it. Mr. Chairman,
I am opposed to this appropriation from the
fact that I cannot conceive that it strikes at
the evil which is attempted to be remedied.
We all know full well that the Executive of
the nation is responsible for his Cabinet min-
isters, and likewise for the various commis-
sioners who are responsible for the men hold-
ing office in clerical and other capacities. We
know full well that the defaulting clerks in the
Treasury Department, and elsewhere, in short
all defaulters, are men who have had the confi-
dence of the Government for years prior to
their misdeeds, and there is no evidence that
they wore not efficient in the discharge of their
duties; on the contrary, had the entire confi-
dence of the Administration and the country.
Again, we know full well that this law in re-
lation to civil service passed Congress by being
attached to an appropriation bill by a political
trick, so that we could not defeat it without
defeating the whole bill, and that an appro-
priation bill which we were in duty bound to
pass, and therefore I do not think the President
was called upon to execute that law in the
manner he has, or that we are called upon to
appropriate money for an experiment which
we are all convinced will prove totally falla-
cious.
The gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Wil-
lard] dwelt yesterday at some length upon
politicians. Sir, politicians have made our
country, politicians saved our eouutry during
the last war, and to-day are responsible for
the administration of our Government, and
if that gentleman ever comes back to the
House it will be by the assistance of poli-
ticians. If the great Executive of the nation,
the great captain who was eulogized when first
elected, because he was going to steer clear
of politicians is reelected, he will need the aid
of politicians.
Sir, in the language of a great Beecher, it
is impossible to administer government with-
outpolitieians, and that is no reproach to them.
If this expeiiment of the President would strike
at the root of the evil, then I would vote for it.
I believe in laying the ax at the root of the
tree, and not commence upon the branches, ll
you want to destroy it; and the root ol this
evil is in the various departments of this Gov-
ernment themselves.
Mr. DUNNELL. I desire to say a single
word in opposition to this amendment of the
■Senate, i have no faith in this thing, not a
particle of it. I am unable toigenerate in my
own mind any possible confidence in this
scheme. Gentlemen yesterday and to-day
stood up here in debate and stated that while
they have no confidence in this measure they
