2372
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April IX,
would vote for this appropriation. Sir, I will
do nothing of the sort. If I have no confi-
dence in these rules for civil service reform,
then I will spit upon them and vote against
them.
I do not claim that I will be quarreling with
General Grant or with, his administration if I
Oppose this appropriation. You know, Mr.
Chairman, we all know, how this scheme
originated on the 3d of March, 1871. It was
an abortion ; it came into existence unhappily
and unfortunately. And the men of the party
who stood guard at that hour did an unwise
thing when they allowed that appropriation
bill to be thus amended by a provision legis-
lating into existence a civil service commis-
sion. I have said that I never would vote for
an appropriation bill that contained independ-
ent legislation, because it would be unwise to
do so.
Now, I will not admit that there is this ne-
cessity for this reform that so many gentle-
men talk about so loudly. I hold that this
Administration is an impregnable one; it
cannot be beaten ; it cannot be voted down ;
and will not be voted down by the American
people in the approaching contest. It went
through the fight in New Hampshire and
Connecticut, and it was there attacked in this
very direction, and came out triumphant. I
believe with the gentleman from California,
[Mr. Sargent.] I like the ring of his voice,
and the position he takes for his party, when
he says that the Administration is not called
upon to listen to the cry of its enemies.
It must be very evident to every intelligent
member of this House that this small sum of
moneyis totally inadequate to carry out what it
is professed we are to secure by it. It is pro-
posed to give $50,000, giving to each State
but about thirteen hundred dollars with which
to organize an examining board. How far
would $1,300 go in the great States of New
York or Pennsylvania? Where are the three
men of capacity and brains and talent and
reputation who will serve a whole year for
$1,300 in the aggregate ? And yet these men
must sit every hour of the year if they would
fill every position in the great State of New
York. Sir, it is a great delusion. I will call it
a delusion : the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
SnANKs] calls it a humbug. I will call it a
delusion, a mere farce, in which I will have
no part, and for which I will notgive my vote.
The committee rose informally, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair,
message jfkom tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. STMr-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, a bill
of the House of the following title :
A bill (H. R, No. 1337) to authorize Wil-
liam C. Jardine to make application to the
Commissionerof Patents for the issue of a
patent tor his improvement in brake and rests
lor carts.
The message further announced that the
Senate further insisted upon its disagreement
to the amendment of the House to the bill of
the Senate (S. No. 505) to extend the time to
the Slate of Wisconsin to complete a road
from Lake Si. Croix tp Lake Superior, and.
asked a further conference upon the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon; and had
appointed Mr. Howe, Mr. Hamlix, and Mr.
Stevexsox the conferees on the part of the
Senate.
The message further announced that the
Senate insisted upon its amendment to House
bill No. 1228, for the relief of R. Nelson Gere;
had agreed to the conference asked by the
House upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. Fex-
tox of New York, Mr. Nyh of Nevada, and
Mr. Davis of West Virginia, as the conferees
on the part of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, with amendments, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested,
a bill of the House of the following title :
A bill (H. E. No. 1192) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30, 1873, and for
other purposes.
The message also annnounced that the Sen-
ate had passed, and requested the concurrence
of the House in, a bill of the following title:
A bill (S. No. 955) granting a pension to
Mary Ann Montgomery, widow of William W.
Montgomery, late a private in Texas volun-
teers.
legislative appropriation bill.
The Committee of the Whole resumed its
session. '
Mr. STEVENSON. It seems to me there
is some confusion in the committee as to the
question before us. Some gentlemen talk as
if we were limiting our own prerogatives in
passing this appropriation. I do not so under-
stand it. It is the prerogative of the President
to make appointments ; and yet we find him
willing to limit and regulate his own powers. 1
call the attention of gentlemen on both sides of
the House to this extraordinary spectacle of a
man in office willing to limit his own power,
and to regulate and restrict bis own preroga-
tives. Why is he thus willing ? Because lie rec-
ognizes what all men feel, that here is a great
evil, which requires a remedy. We all know
that the customs and practices by which ap-
pointments are made and men are turned out
of office are a crying evil. We all know that
the system is utterly indefensible, corrupt, and
corrupting. The last Congress invited the
President to take hold of this evil, and provide
a remedy. He has done so ; and he asks us
for further aid in this behalf. And now what
is it that is proposed? Let us read the amend-
ment:
To enable the President of the United States to
perfect and put in force such rules regulating: civil
service as may from time to time be adopted by
him, $50,000.
Not necessarily the rules which have already
been proposed, and those alone, but what-
ever in the course of consultation and expe-
rience may be found best. We are to try the
experiment. We have invited the President
to inaugurate it. He, in the spirit of self-
abnegation, has inaugurated it, It is an
attempt at a great reform of an acknowledged
evil. Are we now to drop the attempt? He-
cause we do not like the first fruits ; because,
perhaps, it has taken away patronage from
some of us; because it has weakened some
of us on the slippery foundations of political
favor on which we stand, are we to throw
away this great experiment and go back to the
people and say that we have robbed the Pres
ident of the power to carry out this reform? I
trust not; and I trust that if we attempt to do
so he will, in the spirit of a hero, say to the
politicians who deprive him of the means of
reform, that they shall darken his doors no
more.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. I desire to oppose
the amendment proposed by tjie gentleman
from California, [Mr. Sabgext,} and to sup-
port the amendment as sent from the Senate.
In the few words which I can say on this sub-
ject I confess, to begin with, that I say them
more for the purpose ot showing my faith m
a reform of the civil service than from any par-
ticular effect which I expect to produce by
speaking. I am not willing to sit here and.
hear gentlemen who advocate a reform of the
civil service denounced as enthusiasts and
humbugs.
In my simple faith that a great reform may
be wrought in the civil service it never would
have occurred to me that any man would say
that there was no room for it, if I had not sat
here day after day and heard gentlemen de-
nounce it as if it were absurd, if not indeed
something hostile to the Government itself.
There is a difficulty in advocating or in speak-
ing upon it. Gentlemen make it a personal
thing. In my simply advocacy I have not
thought of imputing to any member on this
floor dishonor or unfairness. I have simply
gone upon the ground, open to the world, that
abuses do exist. If I were permitted to reply
to some remarks made here to-day, I should
say, " Gentlemen, you protest too much : you
enable us to find the spot where offenses
grow; you disclose your case; you exhibit
your motives; you enable us all to see that
you are afraid of reform, that you do not want
a reform of the civil service, and in this way
you advance the cau:-:e that you oppose ; you
advance it by the ordinary method of advanc-
ing good causes, unfair and unjust denuncia-
tions."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, obtained
the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman allow me have read at the Clerk's desk
a passage from the President's message?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will if
it does not abridge my time.
The CHAIRMAN. If the extract is read
it mast come out of the gentleman's time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire,
Mr. Chairman, to call the attention of the
House to the origin of this legislation for civil
service reform. It was originated by a Sen- _
ator from Illinois. Without one word of de-
bate or explanation, the provision was put on
an appropriation bill and sent here ; and then,
at four o'clock in the morning of the last day
of the session, we were obliged to pass it or
lose the bill.
Now, sir, the President could do nothing
else than what he did in inaugurating this sys-
tem; for I look upon this movement as the
origin of the Cincinnati convention. It wa-> a
shrewd politician's trick to put the president
in such a position that if he did not inaugurate
it he could be attacked, and if he did inaugu-
rate it and failed he could still be attacked.
And we tell into that trap. The President
did the very best he could. He has demon-
strated to the country and to the satisfaction
of every man that there is nothing to lie got
in civil service reform out of mere competitive
examination, out of the mere method of aseei -
tabling the intellectual and not the moral
qualities of officeholders. There is not a
man in this House, with perhaps the exception
of one gentleman, who comes from Cincin-
nati where this thing sprung from in the late
turned-out Secretary of the Interior—there
is not anybody else in this House, in my judg-
ment, and I accord to them full purity of mo-
tive 
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman attrib-
utes too much honor to the late Secretary of
the Interior.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. T do not
know but it came from there and will end
there. It began at Cincinnati and it will end
at Cincinnati.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask that an
extract be read from the President's message.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I wish
to finish my sentence.
.Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I give it up ; I
ask no favor and I give none.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then we
all give it up.
Mr. DAWES. As the appropriation bill
of last Congress has been referred to, I wish
to say a few words.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on this prop-
osition has been exhausted.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent
for five minutes.
The CHAIRMAN. That cannot be done,
as the debate has been closed by order of the
House.
