4164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
Mr. POMEROY. Let the amendment be
adopted and go to a conference committee.
Mr. CASSKRLY. What is the question ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a bill for
a general railroad act, and the Senator from
Kansas stated that he desired it to go to a con-
ference committee. The Senator from Missouri
objected, but afterward the Senator rose and
stated that he withdrew his objection.
Mr. POMEROY. I will state further that
I want the Senator from California on the
committee. Heis on the Committee on Public
Lands, and there is no abler man and no bet-
ter man on the committee. Now, let the Sen-
ator be on the committee of conference, and
we can finish this bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have heard it said that
these two bills, one of which is added to the
other, had the approbation of the Public Lands
Committee. The only one of the two bills
that ever was before the committee is the first
bill; but I did not approve it there, and I do
not approve it now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is subject to
objection. If the Senator objects, the appro-
priation bill must come before the Senate. It
has passed from that stage at which the mat-
ter can be treated by a majority, as alter eight
o'clock the appropriation bill was, by unan-
imous consent, to be the unfinished business.
This bill was taken up, read, and objected to
by the Senator from Missouri; then a collo-
quy ensued, after which he withdrew the ob-
jection. The Senator from Kansas asked to
have it passed for the reason stated, but any
objection prevents it.
Mr. BAYARD. If one objection avails, I
make it.
Mr. STEWART. I move to lay the appro-
priation bill on the table for the purpose of
considering it. This is a very important bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada moves that the appropriation
bill be laid on the table for the purpose of
considering this bill.
Mr. NYE. Only to take the vote.
The motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to—ayes fourteen, noes not counted.
amendments to appropriation bill.
Mr. ANTHONY, Mr. SCOTT, Mr. COR-
BETT, Mr. NORWOOD, Mr. NYE, and
Mr. SAWYER submitted amendments in-
tended to__be proposed by them to the bill (H.
R. No. 2705) making appropriations for sun-
dry civil expenses of the Government for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1873, and for other
purposes; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
civil appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (H. R.
No. 2705) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1873, and for other pur-
poses, is before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole. The Secretary will read the bill,
and the amendments of the Committee on
Appropriations will be acted upon as they are
reached in the reading of the text.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the
bill.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 4, line sixty-three,
after the word "bidder" to add the word?:
when' ',n the judgment of t'he Secretary
otthe treasury, the acceptance of the lowest propo-
sal wilt, for other reasons, equally secure the proper
care and treatment of marine patients.
So as to make the clause read:
Marine-hospital service.
For supplying deficiency in the fund for the relief
oisick and disabled seamen, $125,000. Provided,
lhat no part of this sum shall he used to support
any sick or disabled seaman entitled to be received i
into a marine hospital, by contract at the lowest bid-
der, except when, in the judgment of the Secretary of
the Irea^ury, the acceptance of the lowest proposal
will, for other reasons, equally secure the proper
care and treatment of marine patients.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 4, line
sixty-seven, to strikeout "loans and Treasury
notes" and insert "national currency."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as a
heading to the item from line seventy-two to
seventy-seven the words " detection and pun-
ishment of counterfeiting."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 4, after
line seventy-seven, to add the following
clause:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
Warrington Sommers a sum sufficient to make his
salary, from October 1,1868, to June 1,1869. that of
a fourth-class elerk in the Fifth Auditor's Office,
$150, or so much thereof as may be necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 4, after
line eighty-three, to add the follow ing:
Senate.
For folding documents, and material for t'he same,
$8,000.
For labor, $8,000.
For miscellaneous items for the current fiscal year,
$15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 5, line
ninety-eight,after the words "eighteen hundred
and seventy-one," to add " orany acts amend-
atory thereof or supplementary thereto ;" so
as to make the clause read:
For defraying the expenses of the courts of the
United States, including the District of Columbia:
for jurors and witnesses, and expenses of suits in
which the United States are concerned, of prosecu-
tions for offenses committed against the United
States: forthe safe-keeping of prisoners; and torthe
expenses which may be incurred in the enforcement
of the act of February 28,1871, orany acts amenda-
tory thereof or supplementary thereto, $3,000,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 5, line
one hundred and ten, to reduce the appropria-
tion " for defraying the expenses of defending
claims under the convention with Mexico of
July 4, 1868, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Attorney General," from $20,000
to $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 6, line
one hundred and sixteen, after the words
" United States" to strike outtbe words " in
respect to such property ;" in line one hun-
dred and nineteen, after the word " attor-
neys" to insert "or counselors;" and in
line one hundred and twenty-four to strike out
" appropriation" and insert "expenditure;"
so that the clause will read:
For payment of the necessary expenses incurred in
defending suits against the Secretary of the Treasury,
or his agents, for the seizure of captured or aban-
doned property; and for the examination of wit-
nesses in claims against the United States pending
ill any Department: and for the defense of the Uni-
ted States in the Court of Claims, to be expended
under the direction ot the Attorney General, $30,000,
no part of which shall be paid to attorneys or coun-
selors at law for professional services, for appearing
and assisting in the trial of causes m the Supreme,
circuit, or district courts of the United States, or
Court of Claims; and that the Attorney General
make report to Congress at the end of the fiscal year
of the manner of the expenditure of this l'und, and
to whom and for what purposes paid.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 6, after
line ope hundred and thirty-two, to add the
following clause:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to collect
captured and abandoned properly of the United
States, and to collect, procure, and preserve all
vouchers, papers, records, and evidence, and to take
testimony as to claims against the United States, to
bo paid only upon the certificate of the commissioners
of claims, §150,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 7. after
line one hundred ana fifty-three, to add the
following:
For collecting information about mines and mineral
productions east of the Rocky mountains, $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 7, after
line one hundred and fifty-nine, to add the
following :
For the introduction of shad into the waters of the
Gulf States and of the Mississippi valley, and of
salmon, white fi^h, and other useful food tishes,
into the waters ol the Hinted States to which they
are best adapted, $15,000, to be expended under the
direction of the United States commissioner of &sh
and fisheries.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 8, line
one hundred and eighty, to reduce tl.e appro-
priation for contingent expenses of the office
of the secretary of the Territory of Wyoming
from $2,000 to $1,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 8, after
line one hundred and eighty-one, to strike oat
the following clause:
To refund to the Board of Public "Works of the
District of Columbia the amount expended t>y them
for paving roadway and curbing and paving side-
walks in Iront of or adjoining the property of the
United States Government, and puid ior by said
board, $192,020 31.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
To enable the Secretary < f the Interior to pay the
reasonable and proper expense only incurred for
paving roadway and curbing and paving side-
walks in Iront oft the property ot the United
States in the District of Columbia, £150,000, or so
much thereof as mny he necessary ; i't'ovided,
That only so much of the curbing and paving of side-
walks as is necessary for toe side of the street adjoin-
ing the property- of the United States sh.ili be
chargeable to the Government of the United States,
and not more than one third of the legitimate cost
of paving roadways or putting in --ewers in front of
the property of the United St.ues shall be paid by
the Government of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 9, after
line two hundred, to strike out the following
clause:
To pay ihe Board of Public Works of the District
of Columbia the proportion of the eo t properly pay-
able by the United States Government tor the filling
of the canal trom Seventh street west to Seventeenth
street west, and ot the cost ot the intercepting sewer
along the eanal adjoining the property of the United
States Government, said work being under the direc-
tion ot the Board of Public Works, &>8,.365, or so
much thereot as may be necessary : P> added, Th<tt
all payments made under this and the preceding
appropriation shall be made only upon vouchers
approved by tne ofiicer in charge of the public
buildings and grounds of the District; and that no
portion of the money herewith appropriated shal I be
used by the Board of Public Works tor any other
purpose whatever than the purpose that is named in
the said two last paragraphs.
Mr. HARLAN. I have some doubt about
the propriety of that amendment. 1 should
like to understand from the chairman of the
committee what reason there is tor striking out
the clause.
Mr. CO LB. I am willing it shall be re-
served if the Senator desires.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well.
Ihe PRESIDING OFFiCKR, (Mr. Bohe-
man in the chair.) This amendment will be
reserved.
Ihe reading of the bill was resumed. The
next amendment of the Committee on Appro-
priations was on page 10, lines two hundred and
twenty four, two hundred and twenty-five, and
two hundred and twenty-six, to strike out the
following clause:
For construction of standard weights and ineas-
- >5 ,,?„metno system, to be tumished to each
btate &24,(X)0.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page If), line
two hundred and twenty-seven, alter the word
'■repairs," to insert the words " of the samp,''
and in line two hundred and twentj -nine to
strike out "$150,000" and insert '• $100,000
so as to make the clause read:
,j'5. furniture and repairs of the same for pnblie
ment'n$100 00tfr contr0' of the Treasury Depart-
Mr. SAWYER. Before that is agreed to, I
should like to submit to the chairman and to
the Senate a statement from the Secretary of
the Treasury iu reference to it, unless it is
thought better to reserve it until we get into
the Senate.
