1476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 6,
man had those letters read at the Clerk's desk,
or published in the Globe for the information
of the House? Why has he kept them in his
breeches pocket?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Thegentleruan
cannot alarm me by any talk of that sort.
Before he demanded those letters I asked that
they should be made a part of my speech. I
will not be put in the attitude of holding those
letters back until they were smoked out by the
gentleman.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I called last evening,
before the House adjourned, for any specific
facts or information in the hands of the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations, and
he did not deign to give them to us.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man asks for the detail of expenditures, dol-
lar by dollar and cent by cent, the fee for each
witness, and the expense of each subpena
served throughout all the district courts of the
United States, he makes an unreasonable
demand.
Mr. ELDREDGE. No; I asked for a
detailed statement for the information of the
House, and the gentleman gave us no inform-
ation -whatever.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. What does the
gentleman call a detailed statement ?
Mr. ELDREDGE. I leave it to the gentle-
man to give us what he would call a detailed
statement. I asked him for that yesterday,
and he gave us Akerman's letter, and that
alone.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have already
made these letters a part of my remarks, in
their chronological order, though it is a use-
less repetition to have printed in the Globe.
Mr. BECK, There is no letter in the Globe
of this morning, except one from Akerman,
who has been dismissed 
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. He was not
dismissed, and the gentleman has no right to
repeat that statement——
Mr. BECK. Or who is now no longer
Attorney General.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Ah! that is
quite another thing.
Mr. ELDREDGE. He would have been
dismissed if he had not resigned.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is a gra-
tuitous arid unwarranted assumption.
The letters referred to by Mr. Garfield, of
Ohio, are as follows:
Department of Justice,
Washington, February 7,1872.
Sir : The appropriation of §2,000,000, made March
3,1871, for defraying the expenses of the courts of
the United States for the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June next, is nearly exhausted. An estimate for
$1,000,000 in aid of this appropriation, was submit-
ted by my predecessor. No action has yet been
taken by Congress in regard to it, and it is important
thatfunds to meetsuch expenses should bo provided
at an early day.
I have the honor to invite the attention of your
honorable committee to sections five, six, and seven
of the act entitled *' An act making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and Judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1871," approved July 12,1870. (10 United States
Statutes, 251.) bection fiveof thatactrequires "that
all balances of appropriations contained in the an-
imal appropriation bills, and made specifically for
the service of any fiscal year, and remaining unex-
pended at the expiration of such fiscal year, shall
only be applied to the paymontof expenses properly
incurred during that year, or to the fulfillment of con-
tracts made within that year." Section six enacts
"that it shall not be lawful for any department of
the Government to expend in any one fiscal year
any sum in excess of appropriations made by Con-
gress for that fiscal year, or to involve the Govern-
ment in any contract for the future payment of
money in excess of such appropriations."
The appropriation for the expenses of the courts,
commonly termed the "judiciary fund," is poculiar,
and, in many respects, unlike other appropriations.
It is almost impossible to distinguish and to separ-
ate the expenses incurred in the administration of
justice between one fiscal year and another, the
terms of the courts frequently occupying a part of
two fiscal years.
I have the honor to suggest the propriety of re-
lieving this appropriation trorn the operation of the
sections above cited, and if it should be the pleasure
of your committee to'adopt my suggestion, it would
at once place at my disposal a balance of nearly
seven hundred thousand dollars, which, owing to
the provisions of said sections, is unavailable, ex-
cept for expenses incurred prior to the 1st day of
July last.
I would invite you attention to the letter of the
First Comptroller of the Treasury, marked "Ap-
pendix K," on page 253 of the book of estimates
submitted by the Secretary of the Treasury to Con-
gress at its present session. I fully concur in the
views expressed by the Comptroller, and have no
doubt that the legislation which he recommends
would relieve the Department and the Government
often of serious embarrassment, and enable the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury Department to
adjust accounts arising under this appropriation
with greater facility and ease.
Very respectfully, your obedient sorvant,
GEO. H. WILLIAMS,
Attorney General.
lion. James A. Garfield, Chairman Committee on
Appropriations, House of Jiepresentatioei,
Department of Justice,
Washington, February 13,1872.
Sir: In reply to your verbal inquiry of yesterday
relative to the appropriation for the expenses of the
courts of the United States, and asking for a state-
ment as for what purposes and objects the money so
appropriated is expended, I have the honor to say
that generally the appropriation is used for all
expenses incidentto the courts, such as the pay of
witnesses, jurors, and the expenses of keeping pris-
oners, fees of marshals, district attorneys, clerks,
and commissioners; also, the salaries of the assist-
ants to the district attorneys. The expenses incurred
in the enforcement of the naturalization act of July
14,1870, the enforcement acts of May 31,1870, and
of April 20, 1871, and the amendment thereto of
February 28, 1871, are also payable out of this
appropriation.
Allow me to invite the attention of your honor-
able committee to the necessity of early action upon
the estimate made by my predecessor for a deficiency
of $1,000,000 in aid of this appropriation. The appro-
priation is nearly exhausted, and serious embarrass-
ment might be occasioned if the Department should
be without the means of defraying the expenses of
the courts.
In this connection I again invite the attention of
the committee to the propriety of relieving said ap-
propriation from the operation of the fifth, sixth,
and seventh sections of an act entitled "An act
making appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending 30th of June, 1871," approved July 12,
1870. My views upon this subject were communi-
cated in full to your committee in my letter of the
7th instant.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
GEO. H. WILLIAMS,
Attorney General.
Hon. James A. Garfield, Chairman Committee on
Appropriations, House of Representatives.
Department of Justice,
Washington. February 17, 1872.
Sir: I have the honor again to invite the atten-
tion of your honorable committee to the urgent
necessity for prompt action for relief of the appro-
priation " for the expenses of tho United States
courts," either by the direct appropriation asked
for by my predecessor on the 27th of December last,
or in the manner suggested in my letters of the 7th
and 13th instant.
The applications now on file in this Department
from the United States marshals, for money to de-
fray tho expenses of their respective courts, exceed
the balance of the appropriation on hand.
Serious inconvenience will be occasioned if the
courts meet, and tho marshals have not means suf-
ficient to pay the expenses thereof. It is earnestly
hoped, therefore, that you will call tho attention of
the committee to this subject, in order that some
action may be had at once.
Without the funds the marshals will of necessity
be obliged to carry on the courts upon their own
personal credit, or the courts must be adjourned by
the judges for the want of the means for defraying
their expenses.
I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,
GEO. H. WILLIAMS,
Attorney General.
Hon. James A. Garfield, Chairman Committee on
Appropriations, House of Representatives.
Department of Justice,
Washington, March 1,1872.
Sir : I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy
of a telegram from the marshal of tho United States
for the northern district of Alabama, asking that his
last requisition for funds for defraying the expenses
of the courts may be honored.
The appropriation for defraying court expenses is
about exhausted, and I am therefore .unable to
comply with the marshal's wishes. May I again
invite your attention to the urgent necessity for
prompt action by Congress upon the additional esti-
mate asked for by my predecessor in aid of this ap-
propriation for the present fiscal year ? The United
States will be put to increased expense by the courts
adjourning for the want of iunds if they are not
promptly supplied.
The trials of the members of the Iiu Klux organ-
ization are about to tako place in Mississippi and
Alabama, and if there are no means furnished for
defraying the expenses of the courts, said eases must
bo postponed.
The urgency of this matter is my excuse for again
calling your attention to the subject.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
GEO. H.WILLIAMS,
Attorney General,
Hon. James A. Garfield, Chairman Committee on
Appropriations, House of Representatives.
[Copy of Telegram.]
Huntsville, Alabama. February 29, 1872.
Hon. George H. Williams,
Attorney General, Washington, JD. C.:
Court in session; made requisition; no money re-
ceived ; witnesses discharged without means of reach-
ing home ; have paid out ail balances on hand; for-
ward amount of requisition as soon as possible, and
when draft will be forwarded.
Z. E. THOMAS,
United States Marshal.
Mr. CO BURN. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] allow me to ask him a
question ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr, COBURN. Has the sum of $10,000
been paid out of this amount for detecting
criminals?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The $2,000,000
appropriated last year have been expended,
and this is asked in addition.
Mr. BECK. Colonel Whitely states that he
has expended $10,000 in working up these
cases.
Mr. COBURN. Did Colonel "Whitely pay
that amount out of this appropriation?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. No j because
he has not got it yet.
Mr. BECK. Because it has not yet been
appropriated.
Mr. COBURN. But v/ill it come out of
this?
Mr. BECK. The expenses will be paid out
of the money appropriated.
Mr. COBURN. Why, the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] shows utter ignorance
of the form of our Government. Whitely is
employed and paid by the Secretary of the
Treasury, if heis paid at all, he being a Treas-
ury detective, not by the Attorney General.
Mr, BECK. The former appropriation of
$2,000,000 would have held out till the 1st of
next July, but for the payment of just such
Mr. COBURN. Even if what the gentle-
man says were true, (as not one word of it is,
though I do not impute to him intentional
misstatement,) Whitely, if paid at all, could
not be paid out of this appropriation. No
detectives were employed by the committee or
the Attorney General. And so in voting for
this appropriation no man votes to pay one
dime lor anything that has been paid to detect-
ives. They are paid by the Secretary of the
Treasury who employs them. And no part of
the $2,000,000 was used for any such purpose.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate upon this para-
graph is exhausted. The pending question is
upon the amendment of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Duke,J to strike out after the
word " prisoners," in line live hundred and
fifty-seven, these words:
And for the expenses which may be incurred
in the enforcement of the act of Feburary 2,1871, for
the four months ending June 30,1872, $1,000,000.
The amendment was not agreed to, there
being, ayes—66, noes 69.
The Clerk read as follows:
To enable the commissioners on revision of the
statutes of the United States to expedite the work
and furnish clerical and other assistance, and sup-
ply contigencies, the sum of $9,000 is hereby appro-
priated, to be paid from time to time as the work
progresses, upon vouchers approved by all the com-
missioners: Provided, That this appropriation shall
continue available until the completion of the work.
Mr. COX. I move pro forma to amend by
striking out the last word of this paragraph.
I wish to call the attention of the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions  
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I raise the point of
order that this paragraph is not in order, that
it is not an appropriation authorized by exist-
ing law.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Oh, yes it is;
