1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2373
Mr. DAWES. I thought we were in the
House.
The CHAIRMAN. No; we are in the
committee.
The question recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Sargent to the amendment of the
Senate.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 63. noes 06.
Mr. SAKGENT demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Sargent, and
Mr. Garfield of Ohio, were appointed.
The committee again divided ; arid the tellers
reported—ayes 92, noes 59.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
move to strike out the Senate amendment,
as amended. Let us not throw away these
$10,000.
The committee divided; atid there were—
ayes 100, noes 52.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw my motion.
'The amendment of the Senate was then
concurred in as it was amended.
The Clerk read the ninety-second amend-
ment as follows :
Sec. 6. That the public grounds surrounding the i
Caiiitnl shall be enlarged (according to the plan ap- j
proved by the Committees on Public Buildings of j
the Senate and House of lie presentatives, respect- |
ivcly, which plan is hereby directed to be deposi- I
ted in the custody of the Secretary of the lute- ■
rior) by extension between i^irst street east and j
First street west, in the following manner: north-
wardly to the south side of North 13 street, and ,
southwardly to the north side of South B street, m- ;
eluding:, m addition to so much of the icservations, ,
avenues, and streets as are necessary forsuch exten-
sion, the two squares designated on the plan ot the
city of Washington as numbers d87 and b38. :
Sec. 7. That it shall be tae duty of the Secretary
ol the Interior to purchase, from the owner or own-
ers thereof, at such price, not exceeding its actual
cash value, as may be mutually agreed on between
the Secretary and such owner or owners, and not
exceeding the appraisal made bv the commission of
nine in their report to Robert Ouid, United States
district attorney lor the District of Columbia, on the
21st day of January, 1S61, such private property as
in ay be necessary for carrying this act into effect,
the value of the property so purchased to be paid
to the owner or owneis thereof, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,, ^n
the requisition of said Secretary: Provided, That
before such payment shall be made, the owner or
owiieis of tiae property purchased shall, by good and
sufficient deed or deeds, in due form of law, and
approved by the Attorney General of '.he United
Stales, tally release and convey to the United
St as e.* al; their and each of their several and respect-
ive rights m said titles to such lands and property
so purchased. . ,
Sec. s. That if the Secretary of the Interior snail
not be able to agree with the owner or owners of
onv private property needed for the purposes of
this acl upon the price to be paid therelor, or if for
any other cause he shall be unable to ootam the
title to any such property by mutual agreement with
the owner or owners thereof, it shall be his duty to
make application to the supreme court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, which court is hereby ant homed
a.pd reauiied, upon such application, in such mode,
and under such rules and regulations as it may-
adopt, to make a just and equitable appraisement
ot the ea^li value of thepeveral interests of each and
every owner of the real estate and improvements
thereon necessary to be taken for the public use in
accordance with the provisions of this act, and to
which the Secretary has been unable to obtain the
title by mutual agreement with the owner or owners
thereof. „ ,,
Si.c. a. That the fee-simple of all premises so ap-
propriated for public use, of which an appraisement
shall have been made under the order and direction
of said court, shall, upon payment of the owner or
owners respectively, ot' the appraised value, or in
case the said owner or owners refuse or neglect tor
fifteen days after the appraisement ot the cash value
of said lands and improvements by said court to
demand the same from the Secretary ot the Interior,
upon depositing the s. id appraised value m the
said court to the credit of such owner or owners
respectively, bo vested in the United States. And
the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized
and required to pay to the several owner or owners
respectively, the appraised value of the several
premises as specified 111 the appraisement of said
court or pay into court by deposit, as hereinbefore
provided, the said appraised values; and the sum
nece^aiy for such purpose'is hereby appropriated
out of at>y moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
■u>i>iopristed: J'i'ovtdcd, lhat the Secretary ol the
Interior is hereby authorized to cellar, public auc-
tion fueh materials m the buildups in squares Aos.
687 and 68$ as are not necessary tor the public
^rorks in this District; and turthur, that the moneys
realized by such sales shall be applied to the im-
provement and extension of the Capitol grounds.
Sec. 10. That said court may direct the time and
manner in which possession of the property con-
demned shall be taken or delivered, and may, if
necessary, enforce any order or issue any process
for giving possession. The costs occasioned by the
inquiry and assessment shall be paid by the United
States, and, as to other costs which may arise, they
bhail be charged or taxed as the court may direct.
Sec. 11. That no delay in making an assessment
of compensation, or in taking possession, shall be
occasioned "by any doubt which may arise as to the
ownership of the property, or any part thereof, or
as to the interests of the respective owners, but in
such cases the court shall require a deposit ot the
money allowed as compensation for the whole prop-
erty or the part in dispute. In all cases, as soon as
the United States shall have paid the compensation
assessed, or secured its payment, by a deposit of
money, under the order ol the court, possession of
the property may be taken.
Sec. 12. That the Washington and Georgetown
Railroad Company and the Metropolitan Railroad
Company be, and they are hereby, required to re-
move their tracks, respectively, from the Capitol
grounds, as hereby established, and run the same
as they may be directed, trom time to time, by the
officer m charge of the public buildings and grounds,
as the grading and filling up of said grounds may
render ncccssary.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. This ninety-
second amendment, of the Senate consists of
several sections, which, provide for the con- ■
demnation and purchase by the Government
of the United States of two squares east of
the Capitol lying, repectively north and south
of the public grounds immediately in front of
this building. This has been the subject of
discussion in Congress since 1861, at which
time proceedings were had to ascertain the
value of these grounds with a view to adding
them to our public grounds. The subject was
laid over, but two or three times since it has
been brought up in the House. At the last
session of Congress the Senate pat on the same
amendment,. Those two squares amount to
about three hundred and fifty thousand square
feet of ground, atid it is estimated it svill cost
in the neighborhood of half a million dollars.
The assessments made by the city authori-
ties on these grounds amount to about three
hundred and fifty thousand dollars and the
opinion has been expressed before the Com-
mittee, by gentlemen who are familiar with
the facts, that an increase to the sum of half
a million dollars would probably be the total
cost l'or the property so subjected to con-
demnation tor public uses.
It is said, on the one hand, that since the
Government gave the first intimation in 1861
that, it desired to take possession ot that prop-
erty. the interests of all parties concerned have
been paralyzed by the uncertainty hanging over
their decision. .
The Committee, after carefully considering
the question, came to the conclusion that
they would ask the House to non-concur, not
merely as a formal matter, but as the expres-
sion of the sentiment of the House, so that when
this matter goes to the cont'ereoce committee
the conferees on the part of the House may
know, as far as a vote can let them know,
what the wishes of the House are in this
regard. Of course a conference must be free
and without instruction ; but I ask the atten-
tion of the House to the matter, so that when
the vote is taken it may be in some manner
an index of what the House intends to do. I
have no doubt that some day or other those
two squares will belong to the Government
property here. But it seems to me, in the first
place, a bad practice to putin an appropriation
bill a measure of this sort. These provisions
ought to be in a distinct bill, where the whole
subject, can be debated on its own merits.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to ask the gentleman
|S from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] one question. 11
j! this purchase must sooner or later be made by
" the Government, will not the rise in value, on
the strength of that belief, be more than the
interest on this appropriation?
Mr. GAUFIELD, of Ohio. That may be
tiue. But the property has not been rising in
value since 18151 at anything like the rate at
which the surrounding property has been ris-
ing in value. It ought to be conceded, how-
ever, that this very naturally results from this
question of doubt hanging over it. ' We have
been informed thatonly $25,000 of betterments
in the way of buildings have been put on those
two squares since 1865, for the reason that
men will not risk their money on ground the
value of which hangs by so uncertain a tenure.
For my own part, I should have preferred doing
something to put these two public squares in
the general reservation, if the people of this
District, and the Congress with the people, had
not shown their disposbion to entertain the
future possibility of cutting our publicgrounds
in two by substantially giving away for noth-
ing one huudred and twenty thousand square
feet of ground.
Mr. FlNKELNBUftG. I would like to un-
derstaud from the chairman of the committee
what amount of expenditure there would likely
be under this provision?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We cannot tell.
This provision is for the condemnation of the
property. The estimate is that it will amount
to about half a million dollars.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. For the real estate ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That would be
the entire amount.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to strike out the
last word, for the purpose of saying that if this
measure had been adopted twentv years ago,
the time when it was determined to enlarge
the Capitol, it would have cost the Government
probably not one fourth part of the amount
which it will cost now. And it will not cost
now one fourth na.rt ol what it would cost the
Government perhaps five or ten years from
this time. We may as well decide now as ever
where we will have the public grounds around
the Capitol extend. Thatthe American people
will ever consent that the grounds around this
buildbig shall remain as they are now, or in
anything like the same general condition as
they are in now, surrounded by unsightly build-
ings, and in a generally dilapidated state, for
any great length of time, I have not the slight-
est idea. We owe it to the country of which
this is the capital, we owe it to the self respect
of the American people that we shall take early
and prompt action in removing now what is a
disgrace, and a disgrace which stares every man
in the face who comes to the city and stops at
the foot of Capitol hill.
I trust that the House will cooperate with
the Senate in this amendment—and I rose for
the purpose of expressing that opinion—and
in the carrying into effect what is a well-
digested and mature plan, having the approval
of the Committees on Public Buildings and
Grounds of the two Houses; a plan which has
had the approval of every committee and of
every one who has made an examination of
the matter by order of Congress, aud which
has been postponed only because it would cost
a considerable present sum of money.
The postponement, as I have already ob-
served, has cost the Government too much,
and if it is postponed further it will cost, us
a good deal more. It is a thing that wiU ulti-
mately be done, aud if we do not do it, it we
are not capable of doing it, our successors
will be capable of rising to the height of the
question, and will do it. There is no build-
ing anywhere of anything like the importance
of this public building that is surrounded by
such shabby premises as surround this Capi-
tol. Wc ought twenty years ago to have con-
demned this property and paid lor it such
sum as might have been agreed upon, or it we
could not agree upon any price, by some judi-
cial process the price of'the surrounding prop-
erty could have been settled. Then the sur-
rounding property would have gone into the
market and would have been built upon and
impioved. instead of the unsightly structures
which now surround the Capitol. I under-
stand that under the rules the first question
will be upon concurring in the amendment of
the Senate, and I trust that the amendment
