1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
581
He also presented a memorial of delegates
of the Creek, Cherokee, and Choctaw nations
of Indians, protesting against the passage of
bills granting territorial governments for the
Indian territory; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. ANTHONY presented an- additional
' paper in relation to the claim of Mrs. Ann B.
j Boyle for a pension; which was referred to
I the Committee on Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HAMILTON, of Mary-
land, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of John
Thompson Mason, praying the passage of a law re-
lieving him from certain liabilities incurred while
collector of the port of Baltimore through a defal-
cation of his clerk, be withdrawn from the files of
the Senate and referred to the Committee on Financc.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I ask leave to
withdraw the petition and accompanying papers
of James S. Golladay. There bas been an
adverse report, but he wishes to present the
papers to the House of Representatives, and
I think it is a case in which he ought clearly
to have that privilege. I therefore ask the
Mr. EDMUNDS. If there has been an
adverse report, I think copies of the papers
ought to be preserved here before they are
taken.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I have no sort
of objection ; I think that is very proper.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order will
be granted and copies required to be left.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask for an order allow-
ing Alpheus Forbes, formerly a pension agent,
to withdraw his petition and papers from the
files of the Senate. .
The VICE PRESIDENT. Has there been
an adverse report?
Mr. HARLAN. I am not aware of any
report having been made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is thai the Pennsylvania
Forbes, who was pension agent at Philadelphia?
Mr. HARLAN. The same.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think copies had better
be left in that case.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order will
be made, copies of the papers being required
to be left 011 file.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSTON, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of AV. A.
Hoppey be withdrawn from the files of the Senate,
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Committee, on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
217) to amend an act entitled "An act for the
relief of Rebecca S. Harrison," approved Feb-
ruary 25, 1865, have directed mo to report it
adversely. It is a bill providing for an increase
of her pension, which we think ought not to
bo granted, in fact, in any case, according to
recent practice.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am also instructed
by the same committee, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 190) increasing the pension of
Joseph Burnham, to report it adversely. This
is an increase in quantum depending on the
stare of health of the petitioner, and the com-
mittee have always held, and found it neces-
sary to do so, that we cannot- decide medical
questions of that character, but it must be left
to the Department to determine. We there-
fore report adversely.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am also instructed by
the same committee, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 216) to increase the pension of H.
Louisa Gates, widow of the late General Wil-
liam Gates, to report it adversely. The com-
mittee find that she already has a pension, the
largest allowed by law, and there is no ground
that, we are acquainted with on which it ought
to be increased.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am also instructed by
the same committee, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 223) granting a pension to
Harriet Dewitt Mitchell, to report it adversely,
it being merely a bill giving her an increase
of pension and arrears, when she now has the
highest pension the law allows.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. EDMUNDS'. I am also instructed by
the same committee, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 235) for the relief of Joseph
Ormsby, to report it adversely. This bill is
also merely to obtain arrears of pension which
we have determined now for two years cannot
be granted.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am also instructed by
the same committee, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 292) to place the name of James
C. Bates, of Indiana, on the pension rolls, to
report it adversely, upon the ground that it
appears from his petition, frankly and fairly
stated, that he was exclusively in the State
service, and not in the servicer of the United
States, so that he does not fall within the prin-
ciple of our pension laws, although I have no
doubt he is a worthy man, aud the State ought
to grant him a pension.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Pensions if
there is any objection to Senate bill No. 217,
for the relief of Mrs. Harrison, going on the
Calendar.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Of course I shall not
object; only I will tell my friend that it is now
the settled practice of the Senate to refuse
such claims. It is a matter we have discussed
so much that it seems to be useless to incum-
ber the Calendar with claims for mere increases
of pensions. It does not seem to be worth
while: but of course if my friend wants it to
go on the Calendar I do not object.
Mr. SAWYER. I was under the impres-
sion that the lady did not have the pension for
which she asked, by a simple error, and that
is the reason I want the bill to go on the Cal-
endar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That bill will
go on the Calendar, with the adverse report
of the committee, the vote to postpone indefi-
nitely being regarded as reconsidered.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 310) leasing the Presidio reservation
to the city of San Francisco for a public park,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. COLE. I should like to have that bill
put on its passage now. It is very short. It
only authorizes the authorities of San Fran-
cisco to embellish grounds which are now
lying waste.
The bill was read as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and Hume of Iteprcsenta
lives a/the UnitedStatea o/ America in Gmyre-w atttem-
hled. That all of the Presidio military reservation
in the city of San Francisco, excepting a tract not
exceeding three hundred acres in extent, compiis-
ing Fort Point, bo, and the same is hereby, leased to
the city of San Francisco, to be occupied for the sole
use and purpose of a public park.
Sec. 2. That the military authorities shall, within
one year from the passage of this act, remove from
every part of said reservation except the throe hun-
dred acre tract at Fort Point, and dispose ol, under
such regulations as may bo prescribed by the Secre-
tary of War, all property thereon belonging to the
Government of the United States.
Sue. 3. That the privilege of occupation contained
in the first section of this act is upon the express
condition that the United States military authorities
may, m time of war or great public danger, or m
case any portion of said reservation is claimed or
occupied by any person or persons except the author-
ities of said city, take possession of any portion
of said public park for the purposo of constructing
defensive worksithereon, or expelling persons there-
from, without any liability whatever tor damage to
San iTrancisoo or any person or persons for such use
of the same.
The amendments of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs were in section two, lines one
and two, to stiike out the words "within one
year from the passage of this act/' aud insert
"as soon as required by the progress of im-
provements for said park;" so as to reach
That the military authorities shall, as soon us re-
quired by the progress of improvements for said park,
remove from every part of said reservation, &c.
In section three, after the word ''city," in
line six, to insert, " or for purposes other than
herein provided;" and in line ten, .to strike
out the words "such use of."
Mr. BOREMAN. It seems to me that that
bill grants to San Francisco very nearly the
fee-simple title to this property. It is a lease
without term. That seems to me to be an
objection, aud I should like to ask the patrons
of the bill how many acres of land it covers ?
Mr. COLE. About sixteen hundred acres
are comprised in the reserve, which is now
nearly all a waste in the midst of the city of
San Francisco, and of no use under the sun
to the citizens of that city; and the authorities
wish to embellish it and make of it a public
park, which will be of some advantage to the
people of that city as a placc of recreation,
and this use of it can be of no disadvantage
to anybody else.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I think
the bill had better go over until to-morrow
morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The consider-
ation of the bill is objected to, and it will go
over. The amendments of the committee will
be regarded as agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee ou Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 480) for the relief of Brevet Colonel
Emeric Szabad, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 228) for the relief
of James Murphy, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee on"Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
329) for the relief of Charles \V. Whitney,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 342) to regulate
the pay of commanding officers in the Navy,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration; which was agreed to, and the bill
was postponed indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 259) (or the relief
of Mrs. Harriet B. Pendleton, widow of George
H. Pendleton, late of the United States Navy,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 173) extending
the provisions of the act of July 16, 1802,
granting ten years' additional service on the
active list to certain officers, to Lieutenant
Commander W. B. Cushing, reported it with-
out amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 87) for the relief
of Carlton A. Uber, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 320) to authorize
the restoration of Gilbert Morton to the naval
service, reported it without amendment.
Mr. KELLOGG, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 57) authorizing mail steamship service in
the Gulf of Mexico, between the port of New
Orleans, Louisiana, and certain ports of the
the republic of Mexico, reported it without
amendment,.
Mr. CALDWELL, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 50) authorizing the Ottawa In'dians to
bring suits in the courts of Kanses upon any
matter growing out of their late treaties, asked
to be discharged from itsfurtherconsideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciarv; which was agreed to.
Mr. CONKL1NG, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (b.
No. 37) for the preservation of the harbors
