1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
529
42b Cong....2d
Defense of President Grant—Mr. Logan.
in his different speeches in two different places
in reference to Ulysses Si Grant, and yet the
Senator from Massachusetts stands up here
and tells yoa that the last dying words of Sec-
retary Stanton to him were that he never
mentioned the name of Grant in any of his
speeches, because of the* want of confidence
in him.
Mr. COCKLING. Before the Senator -pro-
ceeds, will he let me inquire of him whether
he has before him the speech that Mr. Stanton
made at Steubenville on the 25th of September,
1868 ? If he has, I wish he would read two or
three passages from that speech, which I think
are much stronger than anything he has read.
Mr. LOGAN. If the Senator will read them
I shall be very much obliged to him. I have
them all here, but in running over them I did
not find that speech.
Mr. CONKLING. I have the speech here,
and I will read two or three short passages,
although I have marked more than I shall
read.
Several Senators. No, no ; read it all.
Mr. CONKLING. After speaking a good
many times of General Grant, Mr. Stanton
refers to the election of 1864, and he says:
"Some of these measures have been carried out,
others, for reasons needless to discuss now, still
remain an unexecuted dead letter, and they will
so remain until General Grant shall be elected Pres-
ident of the United States. [Great applause.] Grant
then stands this day before us the foremost mili-
tary commander in the world, with peace for his
watchword. [Applause.] Why should he not be
elected ? "What reason has any lover of country for
not voting for him? By his side stands Schuyler
Colfax, who by his own energy, good character, and
industry, advanced from the printing office to the
Speaker's chair, and for three successive terms has
filled that high office with honor and distinction.
Honest and upright men have been nominated for
your Representatives in Congress, pledged to stand
by Grnnt and the country; why then agaimlask,
should he and they not receive your support? The
history of Grant is known to you and to the world.
Educated at West Point, he served with distinc-
tion through the Mexican war, and wheii it was
ended, unwilling to be a drpne, resigned his com-
mission and engaged in the pursuits of civil life.
Leaving his peaceful pursuits at the commencement
of the rebellion, he joined theArmy, and soon ad-
vanced to the rank of major general, commanding
an army. After varied and important services, he
moved upon the enemy's works at Donelson, and
compelled their commander, Buckner, to surrender
with eighteen thousand prisoners of war. Soon
aftor ho grappled with Beauregard on the field of
Shiloh, and drove him and his routed army from
the field. Resolved to open the navigation of the
Mississippi river, he ran its batteries, fought and
defeated General Johnston, chased the rebel Gen-
eral Pemberton into Vicksbttrg, and forced him to
surrender with thirty thousand prisoners of war.
[Applause.] Advanced to command all the armies
of the West, he fought and defeated Bragg at Chat-
tanooga, shattered his army, and delivered that vast
territory from the hands of the rebels. [Applause.]
Advanced still higher as Lieutenant General, he
changed his headquarters to the Potomac; forty
days' marching and fighting through the Wilder-
ness drove Lee and his army into Richmond. Com-
pelled to evacuate, Lee was chased to Appomattox
Court-House, and forced to surrender himself and
his arms and men as prisoners of war, which prac-
tically brought the rebellion to an end. Applause.]''
Although I am reading for the Senator from
Illinois, I beg the especial attention of the
Senate to- what I am going to read now :
" And now I ask what reason has any man to vote
against General Grant? His capacity and integ-
rity for civil administration were equally manifest
in the vast territory in which he operated. If any
man among youwould hidefromthe boy the musket
and knapsack that his father carried at Donelson,
at Yicksburg, upon Lookout Mountain, through the
Wilderness, before Richmond, at Five Forks, at Ap-
pomattox Court-House, and.shouldering jproudly,
marched with two hundred-thousand of,his fellow-
soldiers through the streets of Washington and
around the Capitol and Executive Mansion that he
defeuded with his life for years in tholong march,
thewoarisomesiege. and the stor^i of battie, letsuch
a man vote against General Grant. [A pplause.] If
there is any man among you who would blot from
the page ot history the story of these greatachieve-
ments, let him draw black lines around them and
write across their face, 'Have no share in these
great deeds, for I vote against Grant/ [Applause.]
Is there any man among you that would compel the
armies of the Potomac, of the James, of the Ohio,
of the Cumberland, of the Tennessee, and of the
Gulf, to be again gathered at the tap of the drum
and surrendered as prisoners of war to Lee, John-
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 34.
:ton, Beauregard, and Forrest, and Preston, let him
vote against General Grant. [Applause.] If there
is any man among you who has forgotten that bright
summer Sabbath day the little Monitor, as she
steamed out against the new sea monster, the Mor-
nmac, and before noon drove, her, shattered and
crippled, to port; if there is any man who would
have rejoiced to behold a cannon ball shatter Farra-
sut, as lashed to his- mast, he drove through the
rebel fleet and pushed them to pieces, let that man
vote against Grant.
"If any man would have Wordeh, and Farragut,
ana Winslow, and all our great admirals, haul down
the star-spangled banner, never again to brave
the battle and the breeze; if he would see them
slink in shame from their own quarter-decks and
give up their ships to Maury, aud Buchanan, and
Seinmes. and Moffat, while the confederate bars,
emblems of slavery, flaunt on every sea, in every
State, let him vote against Grant. Vote early and
vote often; for if Grant be elected this globe shall
disappear from the firmament before the banner of
the United States shall suffer tarnish or shame on
the land or on the deep, [Applause.] If there is
any.mini among you ■that would reverse the order
ofhistery, who would bring upon you a,shame and
reproach never before known among the nations of
the_ earth; who would have the commander of the
United States armies deliver up his sword and hum-
bly bow before the rebel commander, let that man
vote against Grant, but never again call himself an
American citizen. [Applause.] If there is any man
whose eyeballs would not burn to behold Lee upon
the portico of the Capitol, with Beauregard, Pres-
ton, and Forrest at his side, with a confederate army
around him, and, as the Government is transferred
to them, listen to the rebel yell as it sounds on the
field of battle and in the Now York convention,
[loud cheers.] let such a man vote against Grant
and go to Washington ou the 4th of March. [Ap-
plause.] Why, then, I repeat, should any lover of
his country vote against Grant, Colfax, and the
Republican members of Congress? A convention
has been held in Now York and put in nomination
opposition candidates—Horatio Seymour and Frank
P. Blair. Seymour professes that he is an unwilling
candidate, caught up by a whirlwind. [Laughter
and cheers.] Blair was put iu nomination by Pres-
ton, of Kentucky, who fought for years against his
country, and the nomination was seconded by For-
rest, of Fort Pillow, That nomination was'received
with acclamation, and the opposing candidates thus
stand before you for your choice. The watchword
of Grant, as I have said, is peace. Now, what is the
j watchword of the New York convention."
That report was a special dispatch from
Steubenvilie t,o the Washington Chronicle. I
say to the Senator from Illinois that I have
here a bound file of the Cincinnati Commer-
cial, and although the report is different, I find
in that report as well as in this three lines
which I will read again :
" His capacity and integrity for civil administra-
tion were equally manifest in the vast territory in
which he operated."
[Applause in the galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) Order must be preserved.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. President, I only de-
sired to read portions of the speeches of Sec-
retary Stanton ; for the purpose of sustaining
what I said, that was that I did not believe the
statement of the Senator from Massachusetts.
I do not believe that any one who reads the
speeches of Secretary Stanton daring that
time, can believe the statement of the Sena-
tor. I am inclined to take a charitable view
of it, if we are allowed to view such statements
with charity. It is the only thing that can ex-
cuse him from being false in his statements
before the country.
Now, Mr. President, I should like to ask
this country just at this time on the eve of a
nomination and almost on the eve of the
presidential election, to reflect for a short
time and see what, if they follow the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts, will
be our position iu history, and how viewed by
the civilized world. Why, sir, a'tale as simple
as tbat which a child could tell will give all
the facts in a few words as to the position
which we will occupy, provided we are in-
fluenced in our judgment by this slanderous
attack on the President of the United States.
The question would be stated in this way:
the people of the United States of America at
one time being in the throes of rebellion, when
they saw one by one Senators leaving this
Chamber, one by one members leaving the
other Chamber of Congress, when the armies
were arrayed on the banks of the Potomac on
opposite sides, when disaster and defeat over-
took our arms at every pdint and at every
place, and when the United States itself-and
its preservation trembled in the balance, we
found a man who organized our armies, went
by night and by day, by camp-light or by moon-
light to the field, through sunshine and drt-ary
storms, leading our armies from one victory to
another, until finally the shout went up from
one end of this land to the other tbat the tri-
umph was ours. The bafiner floated over
every foot of territory belonging to the United
States of America. The Union wa« preserved.
The Constitution itself had not been sacrificed.
Our laws were not only unharmed, but had
been preserved in every letter and much added
to them. Slavery, the nccursed relic of bar-
barism, had drawn itself away from the face
of the earth. Freedom reigned, and men came
forth from the mid-night of slavery and lekped
for joy in the beaming suhshine of freedom.
And the question would be who the man irf
that led us to these great achievements,' and'
we would point to Grant. In answer to that
history would respond that after all these
achievements; after all that has been accom-
plished under his lead; after the great suc-
cess of the American people; after the ad-'
vance that civilization has received by his
success, there arose ou the last day of May
1872, in the Senate Chamber of the United
States, a man in whom the people had had
confidence, and that man declared before the
living world that this man Grant was an igno-
ramus; that this mau had forfeited his right
to the respect of the American people by sell-
ing office, by nepotism, by the various wrongs
that man can perpetrate had dwarfed himself
in meanness, and by that sunk in infamy and
disgrace in the presence of the civilized world,*
and 110 one made answer thereto, but allowed
all these achievements to be blotted from mem-
ory by the words of one man. What hearts
would be ours? No, sir. These statements
will uot be permitted to go down to history in
future years to mar the well-won fame of the
President, without being challenged and sternly
rebuked by the American people; and the re-
coil will be so great on the author as to brighten
the record of Grant and darken and mar his
owd. .
1 say the history of the world would write
the American people down as a people not
worthy of trust, as a people without gratitude,
as a people who had seen a man hew his way
to fame by hisown strong arm, and then allowed
an ambitious politician to strike him down,
down with a merciless blow, and no one to
stand by and to say,'' The Blow is too severe;"
and I say to the Senator from 'Massachusetts
that while he has struck this blow, as he be-
lieves a heavy one, on the head of the political
prospects of General Grant, he has made him
friends by the thousand, strong ones, too, that
were merely lukewarm yesterday.
He has aroused the spirit of this land that
cannot be ■ quelled. He has in fact inflamed
the old war spirit in the soldiery of the coun-
try. He has aroused the feeling of indigna-
tion in every man that warmed his feet oy a
camp-fire during the war. He has sent through
this land a thrill which will return to' him in
such a manner and with such force as will
make him feel it. For myself, I will say that
I have sat quietly here for months, and had
not intended to say anything; I had no argu-
ment to make, intending to await the nom-
ination of the Philadelphia convention, be it-
Grant or be it whom it might, believing how-
ever it would be Grant; but when I heard
these vile slanders hurled like javelins against
the President of the United States, it aroused
a feeling in my breast whio.h has been aroused
many times before. I am now ready to buckle
on my armor and am ready for the fray, and
