1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S269
stitution of the United States, and to bear true faith
and allegiance to the same, and that he is not, and
has not been at any time within two years preced-
ing the passage of this act, a member of either of the
organisations, &e.
Mr. CASSERLY called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I am paired
as I stated before.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 17 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aleorn, Ames, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell. Clayton, Corbett, Cragin, Ed-
munds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Gilbert, Har-
lan, Hitchcock, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey,
ltice, Scott, Spencer, Sumner, Wilson, Windom, and
Wright—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Davis of West Virginia, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hill, Johnston, Kelly, Norwood, Sauls-
bnry, Sprague, Stevenson, Tipton, Trumbull, and
Vickers—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Cameron,
Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Davis of Ken-
tucky, Fenton. Ferry of Connecticut. Frelinghuysen,
Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Howe, Kellogg, Morrill
of Maine, Nye, Patterson, Ransom, Robertson, Saw-
yer, Schura, Sherman, Stewart, Stockton, Thurman,
and West—27.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
first section by inserting in the twelfth line,
after the word "the" and before the word
"Congress," the words Thirty-Sixth and
in the thirteenth line, by striking out the words
"withdraw from and;" so that that proviso
will read:
First, members of the Thirty-Sixth Congress of
the United States who aided the rebellion.
My object in moving the amendment is to
have the classes to whom this act of grace is
not extended by this bill embrace those mem-
bers of Congress (and it is only members
of the Thirty-Sixth Congress to which this
applies) who, instead of on a certain sense of
honor withdrawing, bravely and boldly going
out to fight against us, stayed here until the
end of the session through the winter, draw-
ing their pay, embarrassing the action of Gov-
ernment, and giving information to the enemy.
I think they are a much less deserving class
than those who from a mistaken sense of Slate
rights or duty, or whatever they might call it,
told us flatly they could not abide by the Union
any more and bravely went out, leaving another
class of people here. There were several—I
do not remember their names at this moment—
who stayed through, as I say, for the purpose of
embarrassing the Government all they could
and giving information to the enemy, and the
moment their time was up on the 4th of March
went into the ranks ot the rebellion. My
amendment is designed merely to include them
with those other members of the Thirty-Sixth
Congress who are already excluded by this
bill as it stands.
Mr. HILL. I move to amend the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Vermont
by striking out the words " Thirty-Sixth," so
as to read -'members of Congress," and it will
embrace them from the beginning of the Gov-
ernment. I think we might as well include all
who were ever members of Congress as those
who were in that particular Congress.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont moves to amend the first sec-
tion so as to read "members of the Thirty-
Sixth Congress who aided the rebellion and
the Senator from Georgia moves to amend
the amendment by striking out "the Thirty-
Sixth," so that it will read " members ot the
Congress of the United States who aided the
rebellion." The question is first on the
amendment of the Senator from Georgia to
the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. HILL called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I merely wish to add, so
that there shall be no mistake, that the Thirty-
Sixth Congress ended on the 4th of March,
1861.
Mr. STEVENSON. I shall vote against
this amendment, because some of the mem-
bers of that Congress have already received
amnesty. The degree of guilt cannot be meas-
ured. If one did wrong, then all were wrong.
I do not see how this Senate, after having
extended amnesty to some of the members of
the Thirty-Sixth Congress, should now refuse
it to any.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—3'eas 23, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Buckingham,
Clayton, Corbett, Edmunds,FerryofMichigan, Flan-
agan, Gilbert, Harlan, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt. Ramsey, Rice, Scott, Spen-
cer, Sumner, Wilson, Windom, and Wright—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard. Blair, Caldwell,
Casserly. Cooper, Davis of West Virginia. Ferry of
.Connecticut, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kellogg, Kelly, Lewis,
Norwood, Saulsbury, Sprague, Stevenson, Tipton,
Trumbull, Vickers, and West—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Cameron,
Carpenter. Chandler, Cole, Conkhng, Cragin, Davis
of Kentucky, Fenton, Frelinghuysen, Hamilton of
Texas. Hamlin, Howe. Logan, Morrill of Maine,
Nye, Patterson, Pool, Ransom, Robertson, Sawyer,
Schurz. Sherman, Stewart, Stockton, and Tbur-
man—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move now to amend by
making it read " members of the Thirty-Sixth
and Thirty-Seventh Congress of the United
States who aided the rebellion." I am told
by my friend from Illinois that some members
of the Thirty-Seventh Congress participated in
the rebellion; it did not occur to me at the
moment, as I was not here. This is the same
amendment with the addition named so as to
include both Congresses. I presume Senators
do not wish to have this relief from .disability
apply to those two classes of persons; at
any rate. I move the amendment.
Mr. HILL. I renew my amendment, to
embrace all who were ever members of Con-
gress who aided in the rebellion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
Georgia moves to amend this amendment by
striking out " Thirty-Sixth and Thirty-Sev-
enth," so as to read " all members of the Con-
gress of the United States who aided the re-
bellion."
Mr. CASSERLY. That amendment has at
least this to recommend it, that it is a move-
ment in the same direction as the amendment
of the Senator from Vermont, the only differ-
ence being that it goes a little furtherandismore
logical than his. The next recommendation
is that it wtll be a great economy of time, be-
cause we be here adding Congresses by pairs,
and by threes, and one at a time, for an incon-
venient period all this evening.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As the Senator from
California is so much in favor of this amend-
ment of the Senator from Georgia, I will ask
for the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. CASSERLY. What I say is that I
think it is a much better amendment than the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I will not accom-
modate my friend by asking for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. CASSERLY. I consider neither of
them very desirable.
The ViCE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Vermont accept the amendment to
the amendment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; because that will
have the effect probably to defeat it.
Mr. CASSERLY. The adoption of an
amendment that will end this hanging, draw-
ing, and quartering of Congresses, as I said,
by twos and threes and ones, is desirable at
this hour of the evening. _ _ _
Mr. HILL. I merely wish to say, in justice
to myself, that I am not seeking to embarrass
anybody by this amendment, and I think it
simple justice if you are going to visit pen-
alties upon those who occupied seats in tho
Thirty-Sixth and Thirty--eventh Congresses,
who entered into the rebellion afterward,
that others who had occupied seats in pre-
vious Congresses should also as well be ex-
cluded. 1 cannot see any difference in the
enormitv of guilt.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment'of the Senator from
Georgia -to the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont, to exclude members of the
Thirty-Sixth and Thirty-Seventh Congresses
who aided the rebellion.
Mr. BOREMAN. I should like to inquire
why the Thirty-Seventh Congress is included?
The Thirty-Sixth Congress was the one that
ended in 1861.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It ended on the 4th of
March, 1861; but I was told after I had moved
the amendment—I did not hold the pape's be-
fore me—that some members of the 'Thirty-
Seventh Congress aided the rebellion, to wit,
Mr. Breckinridge and Mr. Bright, and peihaps
some other no'able examples.
Mr. BOREMAN. Those were members of
the Thirty- Sixth Congress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Breckinridge was in Ihe
Thirty-Seventh Congress.
Mr. STEVENSON. General Breckinridge
was a member of the Thirty-Seventh Congress,
and so was Mr. Henry 0. Burnett, of Ken-
tucky. They were two to whom this would
apply; I know of no others; but Mr. Burnett
is dead.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am told that one of the
Senators fiom Arkansas, Mitchel, was a mem-
ber of the Thirty-Seventh Congress, and after-
ward a member of the rebel senate at Rich-
mond.
Mr. STEVENSON. R. W. Johnson was
Senator from Arkansas in the Thirty-Sixth
Congress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mitchel was the Sena-
tor, as I am informed on the besc authority,
who took Mr. Johnson's place from Arkansas, in
March, 1861, and then left the Thirty-Seventh
Congress and went into the rebel congress.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont.
Mr. BOREMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 21; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Amos, Boreman, Buckingham,
Caldwell, Clayton, Corbett, Edmunds, Ferry of
Michigan, Flanagan, Gilbert, IIarl:in, Morritt of
Vermont, Moiton. Pomerov. Pratt, Ramsey, Scott,
Spencer,Sumnei, Wilson, Windom.and Wright—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard. Blair, Oasserly,
Cooper, Davis of West Virginia, Kerry of Conneoti-
cnt. (ioldthwaite. Hamilton of Maryland. Hill,
Johnston; Kellogg, Kelly, Norwood, Rice, Sauls-
bury, Sprague, Stevenson, Tiptun, Vickers, and
West—21.
ABSENT—Messrs Anthony, Brownlow, Cameron,
Carpenter. Chandler, Cole, (Jonklmg, Cragin, Davis
of Kentucky, Fenton, Frelinghuysen, Hamilton of-
Texa« Hamlin. Hitchcock, llmve. Lewi-, Logan,
Morrill of Maine, Nje, Osborn. Pattcrs-in, Pool,
Ransom, Robeitson, Sawyer, SHiurz. Sherman,
Stewart, Stockton, Thurman, and Trumbull—31.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEIIOY. I move to insert the lan-
guage of the House bill, which is " any Con-
gress." Our friends can all vote foi the House
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
fiom Kansas moves further to amend by strik-
ing out the first c'ause, as amended, and
inserting ''members of the Congress ot the
United States who aided the rebellion.''
Mr. WILSON. 1 hope that will not pre-
vail.
Mr. ALCORN. Why not say "Governors
of States," also?
