1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4165
Mr. COLE. Let u be reserved.
Mr. SAWYER. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be passed over for the present.
Mr. SAWYER. And also that in the suc-
ceeding paragraph. I have a communication
from the Department on the subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why not settle it now?
It will take 110 more time now than by and by.
Mr. SAVV'YBE. Very well. Then I send
the letter of the Secretary of the Treasury to
thedeskand ask for the reading of the por-
tions which I have marked.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"I find on line two hundred and twenty-seven,
page 111, of the same bill, that the Senate commit-
tee has recommended a reduction of the appropri-
ation for furniture for public buildings from Slot),000
to $100,000. The amount asked in the estimate and
appropriated in the bill as passed by the House
«f Representatives, namely, $150,000, is the same
amountaswas appropriated lastyoar. Thatappro-
priarion has been entirely expended, and it is esti-
mated that there will be a greater necessity for ex-
penditures of this description during the coming
fiscal year than in the present.
"On line two hundred and thirty, on the same
page, I find that the words 'and miscellaneous
items ' arc stricken from the paiagranh providing
an appropriation for fuel, lights, and water for pub-
lic buildings. These words were added to enable
the Department to pay for sueli minor expenditures
as soap, brooms, blushes, buckets, &c., tor the use
of the janitor mi cleaning the buildings, and which,
under exiting law, aie slill paid from the contin-
gent fund.- of the different Departments, whose offi-
cers occupy rooms m the buildings. The expendi-
ture for these purposes is necessarily small, and if
included in the manner in which it passed thellouse
will give the Department the control of this class
of expenditures, as it now has of all others in con-
nection with theconstructiQn, repairing,furnishing,
fighting, heating, and taking care of the public
buildings placed by law under its charge."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
why the commiitee propose to strike out
$50,000 under such a statement.
Mr. COLE. For the reason that it was
supposed $150,000 was a very large sum for
purchasing new furniture and repairing fur-
niture for one year; and it was believed
that the furniture which was on hand in the
building of the United States might possibly
last another year without so large an expendi-
ture.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
whether there were any data on which to base
that conclusion, or was it a mere guess? That
letter of the Secretary, if it is to be relied
upon, shows that t.he whole sum is necessary.
Mr. COLE. That is a showing which has
been made since the committee acled. We had
no showing before the committee to convince
us that so large an appropriation was neces-
sary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then the appropriation
ought not to be reduced, I think.
Mr. COLE. While I am up let me allude
to the next item " for fuel, lights, and water."
The words "'miscellaneous items" were
stricken out for the reason that they were not
in the law heretofore, and it was believed it
gave too much latitude in the expenditure of
that very considerable sum of money, the
words "miscellaneous items" including al-
most every conceivable object for which money
could be expended. The object for which the
money is really appropriated is for fuel, lights,
and water. We believed that to restrict the
use of the money to these particular objects is
advisable. Such was the view of the committee.
Mr. SAWYER. I will say a single word.
The chairman could not have listened to the
letter that was read in reference to that sub-
ject. The Secretary says there are such items
as brushes, brooms, buckets, and articles of
that sort, which are absolutely necessary, and
are included in this appropriation, and if the
words "and miscellaneous items " are stricken
out, it is alleged that will occasion serious
inconvenience, because then they can use the
appropriation only for fuel, lights, and water.
There is ice, brooms, towels, and a, dozen
or twenty different articles which it is neces-
sary to use, and there will be no fund to pay
for them unless these words remain.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment leducing the appro-
piiatiou to $100,000 for furniture and repairs
in public buildings.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was oil page 10, line two
hundred and thirty, after the word "lights,"
to insert " and," and after the word "water"
to strike out ""and miscellaneous items;" so
that the clause will read :
For fuel, lights, and water for public buildings
under the control of the Treasury Department,
$225,000.
Mr. SPRAGUE. That ought to be non-
concurred in.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WEST. We gave them $65,000 last
year for the same purpose, and now we are
giving $225,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This amendment does
not alter the amount.
Mr. COLE. Let us go on.
The reading of the bill was continued.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 11, in lines two
hundred and forty-one and two hundred and
forty-two, to strike out the words '• the unex-
pended balance of former appropriations is
hereby reappropriated" and insert " $10,000;"
so that the clause will read:
For photographing, engraving, and printing plans
of public buildings under control of the Treasury
Department, >10,0(j0.
Mr. SHERMAN. I take occasion, noticing
the insertion of these words m an appropria-
tion bill, which it is very properly moved to
strike out, to make the remark that if any offi-
cer of the Government procures the insertion
of such words in an appropriation bill in vio-
lation of law he ought to be punished for it.
It is in the face of the law which prohibits the
use of unexpended balances and requires them
to be transfered to the Tieasuiy and that the
appropriations shall be confined to the fiscal
year. It seems to me that whenever such
words are seen in an appropi iation bill they
ought to be regarded as evidences of fraud.
That is the only way Cong.ress can put a stop
to it. I am very glad, therefore, to see that
the committee struck out the words.
Mr. SAWYER. I may in justice to the
Treasury Department state that the amount of
the unexpended balance is much less than the
$10,000 as a matter of fact. There was a sum
of $10,000 appropriated last year, and they
have only used aboutone thousand dollars, be-
cause much of the work that it was intended to
to do has not been done at all, so that we
are really in this way appropriating more
money than we should if we had adopted the
language of the original clause; but the ob-
jection to the language is the same that has
been stated by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. COLE. Nevertheless, it is better that
we should know what we are doing rather than
appropriate an unexpended balance which we
know nothing about; and even if we do ex-
ceed the amount of the unexpended balance,
it is a better practice by far and a safer one on
the part of the Government. If it is agree-
able to my colleague on the committee, if the
$10,000 which was appropriated last year and
the year before is too much, I hope he will
move to strike it down to a less sum.
Mr. SAWYER. There is no objection to
striking it down to $5,000 with the information
I have on the subject now.
Mr. COLE. I hope he will make the motion.
Mr. SAWYER. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out "ten" and insert-
ing "five."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 11, line two hun-
dred and forty-four, to reduce the appropria-
tion for pay of custodians and janitors of public
buildings under the control of the Treasury
Department from $200,000 to $125,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 11, after
line two hundred and forty-eight, to strike out
the following clause:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
the city of Charlestown, Massachusetts, the expense
incurred by said city in curbing and paving the
sidewalks and streets adjacent to the navy-yard,
fcl,600.
The amendment was agreed to.
The following clauses of the bill were read
from line two hundred and fifty-nine to line
two hundred and seventy-two:
Supervising inspectors of steam vessels:
For carrying out the provisions of the act for the
better proteotiun of the lives of passengers on ves-
sels propelled in whole or in part by steaui, and of
the acts amendatory thereof, the following sums,
namely:
For salaries of steamboat inspectors: Payment of
salaries of supervising inspector general, supervis-
ing inspectors, local inspectors, assistant inspectors,
and clerks, $105,400.
Contingent expenses of steamboat inspection ser-
vice: Expenses of instruments, stationery, meetings
of board of supervising inspectors, mileage of super-
vising inspectors, at $1,000 each, and other miscel-
laneous expenses, SOI,000.
Mr. COLE. I will state in explanation that
the appropriations in these three paragraphs
are made in view of the possibility of the pas-
sage of a law which has passed the Senate,
and is now, I believe, pending before the
House, or in conference, relating to steam-
boats ; not the bill that was referred to by Sen-
ators to-night. If that bill should pass, these
appropriations would be necessary ; if it does
not pass, then these appropriations will not be
necessary. They seem pretty large ; but under
the law as it now is, these expenses are paid
by the steamboats, paid as fees for the inspec-
tion of the steamboat boilers and hulls.
The next amendment was on page 12, after
line two hundred and seventy-two, to strike
out the following clause :
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
eontractois for carrying the mails for services ren-
dered prior to July 1,1869, SI ■'villi.
The next amendment was on page 15, lines
three hundred and two and three hundred and
three, after the word "tube," to strike out
the words " upon the plan invented by Albert
Biisbane;" so that the clause will read :
That the sum of $15,000, be appropriated for the
purpose of constructing a pneumatic tube from the
Capitol, along North Capitol street, to the Govern-
ment Printing Ofhce, for the transmission of books,
packages, &e., to be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior, and the work to bo
done under the supervision of the architect of the
Capitol extension.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope that will not be
done.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why do you want to
adopt his plan?
Mr. HARLAN. There is no other.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It cannot do any harm
to strike these words out. If there is but one
plan, as the Senator says, the inventor of it
will have the benefit of this; and if there is
a better plan, the amendment ought to be
adopted to leave the matter open.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting in place of the words
proposed to be stricken out, the words "in-
cluding spheres."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment, as amended, will be considered as
agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 14, to
strike out lines three hundred and twelve to
three hundred and twenty, inclusive, in the
following words:
To enable the Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives to purchase such books as may not be within
his control as publio property as may be necessary
to carry into eflecta joint resolution approved June
