530
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May" 30,
Ho. op Reps.
Public Buildings in Selma, Alabama—Mr. Turner.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
from now until November next to fight this
battle in behalf of an honest man, a good sol-
dier, and a faithful servant. [Applause in
the galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The gal-
leries must preserve order.
Mr. LOGAN. And I tell the Senator from
Massachusetts that if the voice of patriots was
loud enough to reach the tombs of the dead
and sainted heroes who now lie fattening south-
ern soil, their voices would be heard repudi-
ating in solemn sounds the slanders which
have been poured out against their chieftain
and the patriot warrior of this country.
You will hear a response to this everywhere.
As I said the other day, it will be heard from
one end of this land to the other. The lines
of blue-coats that were arrayed upon the hill-
tops and along the valleys, with burnished
bayonets, ready for the fight, the same men,
although they have divested themselves of their
battle array, yet retain their warlike spiritburn-
ing in their bosoms. They will respond to this
challenge; they will say to the eloquent Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, "you have thrown
down the glove and we-will take it up." I tell
the Senator he will find a response in his own
State that will not give his slumberings much
quiet. He will find a response everywhere.
The people of this country will not see a man
sacrificed to vile calumny. I would be willing,
and I believe every one else would, to allow
the contest to be settled fairly and justly. Let
the people select whom they desire to have for
their President or for any other position. And
when the Senator from Massachusetts with his
thundering voice echoing in this Chamber pro-
poses to exclude every man who fought for bis
country, every man that has been a soldier
from civil office, and claiming that the right to
hold office belongs alone to men like himself,
I say he will find even poor but honest bard-
working men saying to him the time has not
come in this free Republic of America for such
doctrine to be tolerated on the floor of the
Senate or on the floor of the lower House of
Congress, and if so, it will not be taken and
relished as a sweet morsel by the people of
this land.
No, Mr. President, when we are challenged
to the contest, and when we are told that sol-
diers are only made to be soldiers, and edu-
cated civilians only should hold high positions
of trust in this country, I am sorry to say to
the Senator, unfortunate man, you were never
born to be President of the United States;
you will never be the President of that grand
party which you claim you have originated
and organized. No man with such aspira-
tions and such views and such feelings for the
common people of this country can ever suc-
ceed as a politician or statesman in the midst
of a people devoted to republican institu-
tions.
President Grant has made an honest Pres-
ident. He has been faithful. The affairs of
the nation are in good condition. We are at
peace with the civilized world. Notwithstand-
ing the Senator said we were in a muddle with
every nation, we are at war with none. Every
State in this Union is quiet; the laws have
been faithfully executed and administered; we
have quiet and peace throughout our land.
Such blessings we have not had since the war
until recently. But the Senator from Massachu-
setts would turn the Government of the United
States over to the hands of our enemies. That
is what we do not desire. If be desires not to
accomplish that, let him be faithful and stand
by the old Republican ship in which there is
life, and outside of which there is death.
But whether he does or not, success will be
ours, this Government will be peaceful, the
people happy and prosperous, harmony and
unity will prevail, to the great advancement
of the material interests of this great nation.
Mr. President, let me ask Senators here who
stood anxiously waiting at the close of this
war to see the very state of things brought
about that we see to-day, peace, comfort, quiet,
and prosperity, as they looked out upon the
boisterous ocean of secession and saw the
raging and fierce billows of angry strife, if it
was not the prayer then of every patriotic man,
women, and child in this land that the angry
billows should cease and that we should once
more have placid seas; and as we looked out
upon these angry waves of rebellion and strife
and saw "the old ship of State struggling to
make her way to a harbor of safety, and saw
this man, now President, then guiding and
commanding the crew that managed this craft
when at his command our guns ceased their
thunder and everything was still and quiet,
the old ship manned by her devoted crew came
safely into the harbor of safety, freighted with
the hopes of mankind, where she is moored
quiet and peaceful to-day? Who is there that
can describe the outbreak of over-joyous hearts
in strains of praise for the safety of our Repub-
lic that went forth on that day of triumph? Sir,
that feeling still is in the bosom of patriots,
and though slumbering will break forth again,
having been aroused by the blast of the enemy's
bugle.
Who is there among the Republicans that
desires to set the old craft adrift again into the
boisterous seas of tumult and confusion? I
presume there is not one. Then let us as quiet,
law-abiding, peaceable citizens, desirous of
doing the best we can for our country, go
straight forward in the execution of the proper
plans and designs for the accomplishment of
the objects for which republican institutions are
established and are maintained.
Let us then proceed with our business ; let
us go home and present to the people of this
country the indictment with its malignant
charges, and ask them if they will submit to
have a man so worthy as the President of the
United States receive such calumny at the
hands of any one without a proper rebuke, and
I pledge you that you will have a response in-
dicating no uncertain sound, coming from the
lips and heart of every true patriot in the land.
Mr. President, I have detained the Senate
much longer than I intended, but I deemed it
just to myself and to my constituents that
that document should not go before them
without my raising my voice at least in pro-
test against it. I have done so in my feeble
manner, not ably, but the best that I could do;
having done that, I have performed what I con-
sider my duty, and will now give way for the
business of the Senate to proceed.
Public Buildings in Selma, Alabama.
REMARKS OF HON. B. S. TURNER,
of alabama,
In the House op Representatives,
May 30, 1872,
On the bill providing for the erection of public
buildings in the city of Selma, Alabama.
Mr. TURNER. Mr. Speaker, in April last
I kad the honor to introduce a bill in this
House providing for the erection of public
buildings in the city of Selma, Alabama, suit-
able for the pressing demands of business and
commerce in that growing city. That bill has
been referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, and without knowing
what their report may be, I desire to offer
some reasons to this House why the bill should
pass at once. And before proceeding further,
let me say to the members of the House that
I am earnest and pressing for the passage
of this bill, and I shall not relinquish one foot
of ground until I shall have succeeded in my
efforts. The people of Selma have been mag-
nanimous toward me ; they have buried in the
tomb of oblivion many of those animosities
upon which we hear so many eloquent appeals
in this Chamber ; and I intend to stand by and
labor for them in their need and desolation.
In doing this I repay personal kindness, resent
wrong by upholding right, and at .the same
time advocate a measure of necessity to the
Government of my country.
In the year 1865 two thirds of the city of
Selma was reduced to ashes by the United
States Army. Churches, school-houses, man-
ufactories, stores, workshops, public buildings,
barns, stock-pens, and a thousand or more
private residences, were swept away by the
destroying flames. In short,, nearly the whole
city was burned. The Government made a
display in that unfortunate city of its mighty
power and conquered a gallant and high-toned
people. They may have sinned wonderfully,
but they suffered terribly. War was once the
glory of her sons, but they paid the penalty
of their offense, and for one, I have no coals
of fiery reproach to heap upon them now.
Rather would I extend the olive branch of
peace, and say to them, let the past be for-
gotten and let us all, from every sun and every
clime, of every hue and every shade, go to
work peacefully to build up the shattered tem-
ples of this great and glorious Republic.
But to proceed. From 1865 until quite
recently that city lay prostrate in the dust. I
now ask Congress, in behalf of the people of
that ruined city, to be as bountiful toward
them in mercy as the Army was vigorous and
ambitious in reducing them to subjugation. I
introduced the bill asking Congress to appro-
priate $200,000 for the erection of public
buildings in that city—
First, because there is a great and absolute
need for these buildings for Government use;
Second, because the erection of the build-
ings will give work to many who need and
deserve it, and who, without sinning, have
suffered from the sins of others; and
Third, because this is a growing city, and
if aided in this manner by the Government
will soon become flourishing and an honor to
the commercial growth of our country.
Already the city has a population of over
ten thousand inhabitants. Hine railroads
radiate from its center, manufactories, stores,
and private residences are springing up every-
where, the result of private enterprise. The
city is situated upon the Alabama river, where
steamboats and other water crafc can reach it ■
at all seasons of the year with safety. It is
within three miles of the center of the State,
and is in the midst of the largest and most pros-
perous cotton-growing region in the whole
United States. More cotton and property were
destroyed in this city than in any other place
in the reconstructed States. The future of
the city is brilliant, and I do hope that Con-
gress will see the necessity of making this ap-
propriation. All that is required to make this
place the "queen city" of the South is for
" Uncle Sam" to wield the scepter of "peace
and plenty" around her with the same determ-
ination and vigor as he did the fiery sword
in time of war. The passage of this bill will
convince my people that you mean forgetful-
ness of the bloody past, and only want har-
mony and peace with the proffers of your
aid.
And now, in conclusion, Mr. Speaker, let me
say that when Chicago, the proud city of the
West, was swept away and her noble people
left in penury and want, this same little city
of which I have spoken, destitute and impov-
erished as she was, was among the first in the
South to respond to the call of humanity and
send her heartfelt tribute to her fallen sister
of the West. The people of the city claim
j nothing for this act of kindness ; but they do
