1478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
whether this was a final judgment, whether
any appeal had been taken, or whether any
farther proceedings were likely to be had.
Mr. HOLMAN. This is not a judgment
against the United States at all.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Having got the
answer of the Attorney General, we referred
the matter to a sub-committee, Judge Mar-
shall, of Illinois, who I regret is not in his
seat to-day. That gentleman examined the
matter carefully, looked into all the papers,
and reported that this was a simple rendition
by the court of the law of the ease, which we
are bound to respect.
Mr. HOLMAN. Against the United States?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Against the
collector, for whom the United States is re-
sponsible, for an improper collection or an
over collection of duties. The case was car-
ried to the court, and the court decreed that
this amount of money should be paid back.
But it had been covered into the Treasury,
and there was no appropriation out of which
it could be paid. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury, therefore, sent a request to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations that this amount should
be appropriated.
Mr. HOLMAN. If this is an amount which
the Government is liable to repay, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury has the power to repay it.
It is in the power of the Secretary, in cases
where money has been paid to officers of the
Government and is afterward found to have
been wrongfully paid, to refund the amount.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. With the per-
mission of the gentleman, I will send up to the
desk the letter of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and ask that it be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department,
Washington, D. C., January 24,1872.
Sik : I inclose herewith a copy of the record of the
oirouit court of the United States for the northern
district oi Florida, in the case of Theodore T. Edger-
ton vs. Jesse W. Culpeper, deputy collector and in-
spector of customs at Cedar Keys, wherein a judg-
ment was entered by the court on the 17th day of
December, 1870, for the sum of $27,400, with interest
until paid, and costs of suit, taxed at twenty-six
dollars. And a certificate of "probable causo " was
given by the judge under the authority of the twelfth
section of theact of Congress approved March 3,1863,
entitled "An act to prevent and punish frauds upon
the revenue," Ac.
I beg leave to call the attention of the Committee
on Appropriations to the same, and to the copies,
also iiiciosed, of a letter from Nathaniel Wilson, esq.,
attorney for Edgerton, dated October 9,1871, the ro-
ply ot tbis Department thereto, dated November 15,
1871, and a subsequent letter from Mr. Wilson dated
January 8,1872.
Very respectfully,
GEO. S. BOUTWELL,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. J. A. Garfield, Chairman Committeeon Appro-
priations, House of Representatives.
Mr. HOLMAN. The fact is that letter
sheds no light whatever on the transaction.
Is the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations able to say that this money was col-
lected by the collector and covered into the
Treasury and wrongfully collected?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I cannot per-
sonally say it, but I can say that the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Marshall,] who isamem-
berof the committee, examined the papers and
has said it, and upon his report the committee
acted.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw the point of
order, although it seems to me very remark-
able that there should be no fuller explanation
of this appropriation.
The Clerk read as follows:
That the Secretary of the Treasury bo authorized
nrrl directed, in the adjustment of the accounts of
William E. Parker, United States marshal for the
pastern district of Texas, to allow $825 75, money paid
by.imd Parker for the traveling expenses of Thomas
11. Duval, judge of the western district of Texas, for
holding two terms of the United States circuit and
district court at Galveston, and one term at Browns-
ville, in Texas, under the direction of Mr. Justice
Swayne.
Mr. HOLMAN. I raise the point of order
on that paragraph thatthe appropriation is not
only unauthorized by law, hut is directly in
the face of the law, and upon that point of
order I desire to call the attention of the Chair
to the following provision of the act of March,
1871:
" It shall be the duty of the circuit judge in each
judicial cirouit whenever in his judgment the pub-
lic interests shall so require" * * . *
" The district judge of any judicial district within
his circuit to hold a district or circuit in place or
aid of any other district judge within the same cir-
cuit, and it shall be the duty of such district judge
so designated or appointed, to hold the district or
circuit court, as aforesaid, without any other com-
pensation than his salary, as established by law."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the Chair
will allow me to say, as to this paragraph,
that it is true that there is no specific provision
of law that provides mileage for the travel of
a judge, but under the rule that an additional
appropriation may be made for carrying on
any department of the Government or any
function of the Government established by
law, the point of order clearly cannot obtain.
I wish to say in one sentence all there is in
this case. One of the United States district
judges in Texas was stricken with paralysis.
For two years he has been incapable of per-
forming judicial functions. The entire busi-
ness of the district was neglected, and as the
judge sostricken did not resign, nobody could
be appointed in his place. At the earnest
solicitation of suitors in that court, Judge
Swayne, who had charge of that circuit, di-
rected the two judges named here to go to the
vacant district to hold court, which they did,
traveling a long distance to do that work, being
told at the time by Judge Swayne that the case
would be represented here and an appropria-
tion asked for to pay them for the actual ex-
penses of travel. Justice Swayne brought this
matter before the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and it seemed to every member of the
committee, without distinction of party, that
this provision ought to be made. It is an es-
pecial hardship to require a judge to travel
several hundred miles from his home, and
make it necessary for him to stop at hotels at
great expense, and require him to pay all these
expenses out of his own pocket. As the ap-
propriation was manifestly just the committee
introduced it into this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Will the gentleman
from Ohio state the section of the statute to
which he refers?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I said distinctly
that there was no specific statute providing for
the payment of mileage, but I did say that
under the rules of the House an appropriation
to increase the amount necessary in carrying
ou any given department of the Government
is not liabel to a point of order.
Mr. DAWES. 1 hope the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] will withdraw his
objection to this item. This matter came
before the Committee on Appropriations of
the last Congress, and they examined it and
were satisfied that it was a very meritorious
case, and that this judge ought to have pay,
although the law is as stated by the gentleman
from Indiana.
Mr. HOLMAN. It may be meritorious, but
in any event, under any circumstances what-
ever, it is a mere gratuity. I desire to call
attention to the fact that the judge of Texas,
with less business than the district judge of
Indiana, is paid his expenses when, as such
district judge, with little or no business of his
own, he goes to another district and holds a
court, and is paid in violation of the express
terms of the statute. No person has ever pre-
tended that the district judge of Illinois was
entitled to additional compensation for hold-
ing a court in Indiana.
Mr. PETERS. Do you ask for an addi-
tional judge?
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not. I insist upon
my point of order, that this appropriation bill
should contain no appropriation except that
which is expressly authorized by law. If we
intend to increase the compensation of judges
so as to cover their expenses, itshould be done
by a bill of universal application, and not in
this way of special favoritism.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would be
obliged if the gentleman would refer me to
the rule which makes this out of order.
Mr. PETERS. I call for the reading of
the fourth section.
Mr. BANKS. The rule referred to by the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] has
been amended within a few years, so that
appropriations demanded by the expenditures
of the several Departments are admissible in
the form of amendments.
Mr. HOLMAN. Where there is an express
law against it?
Mr. BANKS. Not where there is a law
against it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I insist that there is a law
against this.
Mr. SARGENT. The rule applicable to
this case will be found on page 16 of my Manual,
which is the latest edition. That rule says
that appropriation bills may contain appropria-
tions in continuation of such public works and
objects as are already in progress, " and for
the contingencies for carrying on the several
Departments of the Government."
'The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read
Rule 120.
The Clerk read as follows:
"No appropriation shall be reported insuch general
appropriation bills, or be in order as an amendment
thereto, for any expenditure not previously author-
ized by law, unless in continuation of appropria-
tions for such public works and objects as are already
in progress, and for the contingencies for carrying
on the several Departments of the Government."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The last clause
of that rule covers this case.
The CHAIRMAN. If it is desired, the
Clerk will read the last section of the statute
referred to by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Holman.]
Mr. HOAR. I desire to call the attention
of the Chair to the fact that this is not an
appropriation of money in the Treasury, but
a direction as to the settlement of the accounts
of Government officers.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is a change of
the law.
Mr. HOAR. I know it is. The rule of the
House which applies to the cases of existing
law may be applied to this. But the rule of
the House relating to the appropriates of
money in the Treasury has nothing to do with
this clause.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
is mistaken in this; the marshal did allow and
pay this mileage to the judge; but when the
marshal came to present his account at the
Treasury they said to him that they could not
allow him enough money out of the Treasury
to pay for that mileage, because there was no
law to authorize it. The moment this is passed
the officers of the Treasury will allow it to the
rD^rshdtl
Mr. POTTER. I ask that the aeefcion may
be read applicable to this case.
The Clerk read as follows :
"That the salaries provided for in the foregoing
section of this aofc shall be payable in quarterly in-
stallments on the 1st day of April, July, October,
and January of each year; and an amount sufficient
to pay the same is hereby appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated."
Mr. HOLMAN. That is not it at all. I ask
the Clerk to read the section which I have
marked. •
The Clerk read as follows:
"Sec.3. That from and after the 1st day of July,
1871, the annual salary of the Chief Justice of the
Supremo Court of the United States shall be $8,500,
and the annual salary of each of the associate jus-
tices of the Supreme Court shall be $8,000, and of
each circuit judge, $6,000; and all provisions of law
providing for additional compensation or allowance
to any judge for traveling expenses are hereby re-
pealed. And it shall bethe duty of thecircuit judge
in each judicial circuit, whenever in his judgment
the public interest shall so require, to designate and
appoint, in the manner and with all the powers pro-
vided in an act to provide for holding the courts of
