1
'3270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
Mr. POMEROY. It takes out any man
who left Congress.
Mr. WILSON. This goes further, and
includes those who served in Congress at any-
time.
Mr. POMBROY. If there is any objection
I withdraw it. I thought it would improve
the bill. ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. SCOTT. I think an amendment ought
to be adopted in the first and second lines of
the bill. The words "all legal and political
disabilities" are used. 1 move to strike out
the words "all legal and political " and insert
" the," so as to read, "the disabilities im-
posed by the third section of the fourteenth
article of amendments." There is no classi-
fication of disabilities in the amendment.
Mr. PRATT. That will probably obviate
the necessity of an amendment I was about to
offer at the end of the second section, whichl
will read for the information of the Senate :
Provided, That the removal of such disabilities
shall not havo tho effect of givinj? the persons re-
lieved the standing in court or elsewhere of loynl
persons so ns to assert any claim agiiinat the United
States which they do not. now possess for or on ac-
count of tho appropriation of or injury to their
property during the lato war by tho Army and Navy
of the United States.
One of these amendments ought obviously
to be adopted. If that suggested by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania is adopted it will
probably obviate the necessity of this.
The V1CK PRESIDENT. The_ amend-
ment cf the Senator from Pennsylvania is now
pending.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be en
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time.
The VIOK PRIOXIDKNT. The question
is, shall this bill pass? which by the Constitu-
tion requires a two-thirds vote.
Mr. DAVIS, of Wesi Virginia, and others,
called lot- the yeas and nays, and they were
ordered.
Mr. POMKItOY. The Senator from Rhode
Island [Mr. Antiioxy] is paired with the
Senator Irani Wisconsin, [Mr. Cakpioxti:!*..]
Mr. SCOTT. On the linal passage of this
bill I am paired with my colleague, [Mr.
Oamkron ] lie would vote " yea," il present,
und i should vote u nay."
Mr. RAMSKY. The Senator's colleague is
paired with the Senator from Texas, [Mr.
Hamilton ]
Mr. TRUMBULL. ITc pairs with two.
Mr. SCOTT, If that is the case, I suppose
I am at liberty to vote ; but he paired with me
befote be kfi.
Mr. SCOT P. Has the Senator from Texas
declined to vote ?
Mr. HAMILTON", of Texas. I have not
voted si nee 1 pnirod with the Senator irom
Penm-ylvani:i, [Mr. ('ammro.v.]
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. SCO TP, (when his name was called.)
The Senator fro in Texas informs me that ho
has voted, and he voting I will keep the pair
with my colleague, [Mr. Cameron',] who if
present, would vote '"yea,'' and 1 should vote
" nay."
The result was announced—yeas 32, nays
22, as follows:
YEAS— Mo^rs. Ames, Buckingham, Caldwell,
Cl.i> ton, Conkhns, (Joi hott, Oi ,i£jm, Kdmund1-, Feu-
ton, iV-riy ot xMic!n« tn, Flan-igan, Gilbert, Harlan,
Ilitcln'ofk, llowu, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill ot Ver-
mont, Mmmri. Usborn. Pomoroy, Pool, Pratt, Hum-
K <•<>, >pencoi\ Spi.iguo, Kuwait, Sumuor,
Wes'. and Windom—.52.
j\rA\ J5~Mi>mn Atcom, 1) tyard. Blair, Boreman,
Camber I > . Co'i|i"t. 1> i \  •> of Wcsi Vngim.i Feuy oi
ConnveMuut, (Joldi uwuti?, Hamilton ■ <£' M trviand,
llamn'on ot IV.x.i^, ilill, Johnston, Kelly, Logan,
]SToi wood, i?.iuN')ur\. Ssevonbon, Tipton, Trumbull,
Vi< .uid Wnijhi—
ABSENT—Me^r>. Anthony, Brownlow, Cameron,
Carpenter. Ciiandler. Cole, B.ivi.s of Kentucky,
Freimghuysen, Ilauilin, Morrill of Maino, Nye,
Patterson, Hansom, Robertson. Sawyer, Seburz,
Scott, Sherman, Stockton, and Thurman—20.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the passage
of this bill the yeas are 32 and the nays
are 22. Two thirds not having voted in the
affirmative, the bill is rejected.
fannie m. jackson.
Mr. HOWE submitted the following report:
Tho committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (II. 11. No. 2042)
entitled " An act for tho relief of Fannio M. Jack-
son, of Tennessee, having met, after fuU and iree
conference havo agreed to recommend to their
re?pectivo Houses sis follows :
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate and concur with an
amendmeut&triking out$698 50, and inserting $1,400;
and that the Senate nm
JOHN SCOTT.
HENRY COOPER,
Manager# on the vart of the Senate,
AUSTIN BLAIR,
JOUN T. HARRIS,
E. MoJUNKIN,
Managers on the part oj the House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have
that explained in a word for the sake of hav-
ing it on the record.
Mr. HOWE. There was a difference of
opinion between the House Committee and
the Senate Committee on Claims upon two
points: one was as to the quantity of cotton
belonging to this lady that the Government
had received, and the other was as to the price
that we ought to account for. Both were
agreed that we had no business with any of it;
it never belonged to us ; it was taken in viola-
tion of all orders and of all law. The testi-
mony was not entirely satisfactory upon either
of those points. The Senate committee were
quite averse to paying more for the cotton per
pound than went, into the Treasury, although
we were perfectly satisfied that that was much
less than the cotton was worth.
Mr. EDMUNDS. She would have a pri-
vate action against the party who took it.
Mr. I10W IS. 'That, is not so clear. The
dispute was finally settled. If the view of the
House committee had prevailed, she would have
heel! entitled lo about nineteen hundred dol-
lars. There was a mistake in figuring made
by myself when the claim was before me.
Upon my own principle, it should have beeij
between seven and eight hundred dollars. But
we finally compromised the mutter by agreeing
to report, in favor of
Mr. EDMUNDS. J do not wish this to be
taken as a precedent, in cases of this kind lor
paying any more money out of the Treasury
than has been got into it.
Mr. 110 WE. We do not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then it is all right.
Tho report was concurred in.
mkss4uk i'kow titb iiousr.
A message Irom the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. MePlIEitsotf, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills :
A bill (S. No. 807) authorizing the Secie-
tary of War to pay certain certiticatcs issued
for lortilication purposes in Lawrence, Kansas ;
and
A bill (S. No. 030) relinquishing certain
wharf property to the city of New Orleans.
'The message alsoannounced that the Ilout-e
had passed the following bills, with amend
ments ; in which it requested the concurrence
ot' the Senate :
A bill (S. No. 171) to amend an act entitled
"An act supplementary to an ae! to provideibr
furnishing artificial limbs to disabled soldiers,"
approved June GO, 1870 ; and
A bill (S. No. 009) to reduce the limits of
the military reservation at Fort Stanton, New
Mexico.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills ; in wlneh
it requested the concurrence of ihe Senate :
A bill (II. It. No. 1013) authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to expend certain moneys for
the purpose of sinking an artesian well on the
Fort D. A. llussell military reservation, in
Wyoming Territory;
A bill (H. It. No. 2702) to authorize the
Secretary of War to furnish the State of Min-
nesota with five hundred stand of arms;
A bill (H. R. No. 2703) authorizing the
Secretary of War to furnish a duplicate certifi-
cate of discharge where the same has been lost;
A bill (H. R. No. 2704) for the relief of S.
P. Jocelyn ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 270C) to amend an act
entitled " An act to provide for the disposition
of useless military reservations," approved
February 24, 1871.
AMENDATORY ENFORCEMENT ACT.
Mr. MORTON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 791.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the bill?
Mr. MORTON. It is in regard to the
election law.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The title of the
bill will be read.
The Chief Clerk. A bill (S. No. 791) to
amend an act entitled "An act to amend an
act approved May 31, 1870. entitled 'An act
to enforce the rights of citizens of the United
States to vote m the several States of the
Union, and for other purposes.' "
Mr. OASSERLY. What is the bill about?
Mr. BLAIR. Let us have it read, that we
may understand what it is.
Mr. MORTON. I can state the substance
of the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose it is only
desired to take it up and then adjourn.
Mr. MORTON. I want it taken up, and
left as unfinished business for to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there any objection
to that?
Mr. MORTON. As soon as it is taken up
I will yield for a motion to adjourn.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I move that
the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at seven
o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Fiuday, May 10, 1872.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by Rev. E. D. Owes, of Washington,
District of Columbia.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday's proceedings. After fifteen min-
utes had been consumed in the reading,
Mr. SHEUMAN. There is now a very full
Senate, and I move that the further reading of
the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, and Mr. HAM-
ILTON, of Maryland. I object.
'The Secretary continued and concluded the
reading of the Journal of yesterday's proceed-
ings.
elections in louisiana.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask the Senate to take
up Senate bill No. 58, on which we have had
so much trouble, so as to have a vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Louisiana asks that the Louisiana elec-
tion bill be taken up subject to morning busi-
ness. Is there objection ?
Mr. CASSEIILY. I do not think any bill
ought to be taken up subject to morning busi-
ness. It embarrasses those of us who have
morning business to present.
Mr. KELLOGG. I do not, desire to embar-
rass business. I propose to give way to morn-
ing business and take my chance. I do not
wi.sh to antogonizo with anv bill ot my friend
lioin California. It "vexes my righteous
soul" from day to day to antagonize my bill
against all others ; but I want it understood
that 1 propose that it be taken up subject to
morning business ; that is all. I do not want
to take it up against the morning business.
Mr. CASSERLY. I hope the Senator from
