582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
of the United States against encroachment,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. FERRY, of Conned icut, from the
Committee on Patents, to whom was referred
the petition of William Pierpont, praying the
extention of letters-patent, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
Mr. CARPENTER, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, to whom was referred the
memorial of Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Isabella
BeeeherHooker, Elizabeth S. Bladen, Olympia
Brown, Susan B. Anthony, and Josephine J.
Griffing, citizens of the United States, pray-
ing for the enactment of a law during the pres-
ent session of Congress to assist and protect
them in the exorcise of their right, and the
right of all women to participate in the elect-
ive franchise, which the memorialists claim
they are entitled to under the Constitution of
the United States, together with various other
petitions and memorials to the same effect,
and various protests in opposition thereto, sub-
mitted a report thereon; which was ordered
to be printed.
CHICAGO FIRE.
Mr. SAWYER. At the request of the Sen-
ator from Michigan who sits nearest me, [Mr.
Chandler,] and who voted with the minority
on the passage of the bill known as the Chi-
cago bill, I make the motion to reconsider the
vote by which the bill (EL R. No. 555) for
the relief of sufferers by firo at Chicago was
passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion will
be entered.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 52'.)) to provide for a circuit and district
court of the United States for the upper pen-
insula of Michigan ; which was read twice by
its title, and, with accompanying papers pre-
sented by him, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 5;S0) to provide for the disposition of that,
portion of the military reservation at Fort
Ripley, Minnesota, which lies east of the Mis-
sissippi liver; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
ami ordered lo 1)0 printed.
Mr. fc'ERRY, of Michigan, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 531) to provide for the
holding of additional terms of the district and
circuit courts of the United States in the State
of Michigan, and for other purposes; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee oil the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
532) to prohibit the deportation of natives of
the South sea islands by citizens of the United
States ; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. WILSON. I desire simply to say that
within a very brief period a slave trade has
sprung up with these islands of a most cruel
character, and the Anti-Slavery Society in Eng-
land and the society for the protection of the
natives are pressing upon the British Govern-
ment llie necessity ofiurther legislation. Our
own people are engaging in this horrible
traffic, and it seems to me we ought lo act on
the subject. I move that the bill be printed,
and laid on the table. I propose to call it up
at an early day.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BORKMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent, obtained. leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 534) to confirm the title of James V.
Bonghner to certain lands therein described;
winch was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 535) to authorize the Secretary of the In-
terior to expend the balance of an appropria-
tion made for the support of industrial and
other schools among Indian tribes ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduceabill (S. No. 53(5)
to confirm sales of Shawnee Indian land in
Kansas, under the direction and with the ap-
proval of the Secretary of the Interior ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HILL asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 537)
for the payment of Richard M. Green for the
use and purchase of hispatent by tlie Govern-
ment ; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. HILL. I ask that the papers hereto-
fore referred with another bill for the relief
of Mr. Green, to the Committee on Claims
bo withdrawn, and sent to the Committee on
Naval Affairs together with this bill. I move
that this bill with those papers be referred to
that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
ciiicauo fire
Mr. LOGAN. I understand that the Sena-
tor from South Carolina has entered a motion,
at the request of one of the Senators from
Michigan, to reconsider the vote that passed
the bill for the relief of Chicago yesterday
evening. I desire to have that question de-
cided now. I do not know why it should be
reconsidered. 1 presume the motion is made
merely that the Senator Irom Michigan may
get an opportunity of making some remarks,
if so, I prefer to take it up now and let us have
it decided, and not trouble the Senate any
longer with it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A motion to
reconsider was entered on the Journal during
the morning hour, but by the twe«tyTourt.h
rule the morning business must, be disposed
of, except by unanimous consent other business
is allowed to interpose. The call still rests at
the introduction of bills and joint resolutions,
and therefore the motion to reconsider cannot
be considered at the present time except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. LOGAN. I give notice that, I will call
up this question again as soon as the morning
business is through, and ask the Senate to vole
on it.
swaml' lands in iowa.
Mr. WRIGIIT. I desire to introduce a bill,
and before sending it to the desk I wish to
make a statement, and on the statement I shall
now make I should like to have action on the
bill at this time. It is a hill for the relief of
Lucas, O'Brien, Dickinson, and other coun-
ties in the Stato of Iowa. It relates to the
swamp lands in those counties. By a decision
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office
some years since, it was determined that reports
to the surveyor general of lands selected m the
counties should show that the land was of a par-
ticular character, and, based upon that decis-
ion, the surveyor general of the General Land
Office excluded or refused to receive or file the
lands that were returned from these counties.
Subsequently this decision was reconsidered
and overruled, but at too late a day, under the
provisions of the law and the instructions, to
have those lands treated as swamp lands. A bill
was introduced into the House of Represent-
atives fur the purpose of correcting this error,
and to allow these lands to be treated and rec-
ognized as swamp lands. The bill passed the
[louse, butfailed in the Senate for want oft ime.
Subsequently th same bill was introduced into
the Senate, ami failed in the House for want of
time. 1 now introduce the same bill that has
passed both Houses, and ask for its present
consideration. It is local iu its character, and
I say to the Senate that it is the same bill with
just these words added, "without prejudice to
the legal rights of bona fide settlers." This I
understand to be in accordance with the wishes
of the Secretary of the Interior, tor the reason
that he seems disinclined to accept and put
them on the list unless the rights of settlers who
may have gone upon the lands are proteced.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 533) for the relief
of Lucas, O'Brien, Dickinson, and other coun-
ties in the State of Iowa ; which was read the
first time. It requires the Commissioner of
the General Land Office to receive and exam-
ine the selections of swamp lands in Lucas,
O'Brien, Dickinson, and such other counties
in the State of Iowa as formerly presented
their selections to the surveyor general of the
district including that State, and to allow or
disallow said selections and indemnity pro-
vided for according to the act of Congress in
force touching the same at the time such selec-
tions were made, without prejudice to the legal
rights of bona fide settlers.
Mr. POMEROY. Has that bill been re-
ported?
Mr. WRIGHT. It is just introduced.
Mr. HARLAN. It is the same bill that
was reported at the last Congress from the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. POMEROY. I recollect something
about it, though I had forgotten whether we
had reported it or not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that bill ought to
go to a committee. It provides for indemnity
and all that sort of thing.
The bill was read the second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the bill bo
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
chicago firk.
Mr. SCOTT. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
31>2, declaratory of an act entitled "'An act to
reduce internal taxes and for other purposes,"
approved July 14, 1870, which has already
been partially considered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Logan ] gave notice of his desire
to act on the motion to reconsider the Chicago
bill, but the Senator from Pennsylvania has
claimed the floor, there being no further
morning business, and moved to proceed to
the consideration of another bill.
Mr. LOGAN, i ask that the question
raised by the motion to reconsider be taken
up now and decided by the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Pennsylvania yield, or insist on his right
to the floor?
Mr. SCOTT. This is n question in which
very many persons are largely interested, and
one that ought to be disposed of. I do no'
think it will take long to dispose of it. hut i
do not wish to interfere with the Senator fro
Illinois, if the Senator who made the mono,
to reconsider does not object.
Mr. SAWYER, i should prefer iiot'ohiU'
that taken up now.
Mr. SCOTT. I will, then, ask that this bid
be taken up.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania insists on his right to the
floor, and moves that, the Senate proceed to
the consideration of Senate bill No. 302. The
question is on that motion.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being
on a division—ayes 17, noes 2G.
Mr. LOGAN. Now t ask that the Senate
take up the motion made by the Senator from
South Carolina, to reconsider the voie on the
passage of House bdl No. 555, for the relief
of sufferers by tire at Chicago.
The VICE PEESIDEN 1'. The Senator
from Illinois moves that the Senaie proceed
to the consideration of the motion made this
