1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
531
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Schurz.
Senate.
ask, that while with lavish hands you rear
your magnificent edifices in other places, you
will not quite forget them who need so much,
and for whose honesty and sincerity in their
attachment to the Government I am proud to
boast.
Sales of Arms to French Agents.
SPEECH OF HON. CARL SCHURZ,
of missouri,
Ik the Senate op the United States,
May 31, 1872.
The Senate having taken up the motion of Mr.
Somnek to postpone indefinitely the sundry oivll ex-
penses appropriation bill-
Mr. SCHURZ said:
Mr. President: It was announced by the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] a
few days ago that he, as well as myself, desired
an opportunity to address the Senate on the
subject of the report of the committee charged
■with the investigation of the sales of arms to
France. The Senator from Massachusetts has
devoted but a few remarks to that subject; I
intend to discuss it more elaborately. Nobody
■will question the propriety of our speaking on
this report. The personal animadversions con-
tained in it are, I think, unprecedented in the
history of this body. They ought not to pass
without comment.
But the importance of that report goes far
beyond this personal attack; it goes even far
beyond the matter of the sale of arms. The
report has already been styled by the Senator
from Massachusetts as being of a character
so extraordinary that we may look in vain for
a parallel in our parliamentary history.
When in some European countries the court
and the aristocracy become so profligate and
so defiantly reckless of appearances as wan-
tonly to provoke public opinion, thoughtful
observers conclude that a revolution is immi-
nent. In this Republic, happily, violent revul-
sions are of very rare occurrence. Here great
changes are effected by the simple movements
of public opinion ; but here also we may
sometimes find in the reckless defiance thrown
out to public opinion by Administrations or
ruling parties, symptons indicating that a
change must come, and such a symptom those
will find in this report who attentively study it.
I will not call this report a white-washing
document as the Senator from Massachusetts
has done ; first, because I have some doubt as
to that expression being in strict accordance
with parliamentary courtesy ; and secondly,
because I think the word " white-washing"
is scarcely applicable to the case; lor all the
colors of the rainbow are heaped so thick and
heavy in this document upon truth and reason
that the whole subject in question disappears
under the monstrous accumulation of paint.
In sober earnest, facts and evidence and law,
and the principles of free institutions and
constitutional government, and the interests
of the country, have in this case been so hero-
ically dealt with that I do not hesitate to
affirm the political atmosphere which renders
such a production possible is so unhealthy that
a free government cannot long live in it. That
atmosphere must be purified or the miasma
will become fatal. It will renderusunabletosee
the truth, and to appreciate what so far has been
dearest to us as citizens of this Republic. In
this respect the report may well serve as a
warning example, and it becomes of interest
to the whole country.
Let us examine its principal features in
order to understand the bearing of what I say.
. Why was this investigation held? Its object
was to ascertain whether, as was asserted, in
the sales of arms conducted by this Govern-
ment in the years 1870 and 1871 illicit practices
had taken place. But behold, here is the
report of the majority of the committee, and one
half of that report is devoted to a sharp criti-
cism of certain members of this body, while
the larger part of the other half is devoted to
a th,eory advanced to prove that what was ad-
mitted to be wrong even by the friends of the
Administration on this floor, was right after
all. The Administration is there defended
against itself.
We are obliged to go into the details. The
first great question to be answered by this
investigation was, were the sales of arms con-
ducted according to the laws of the country?
The majority report of the committee by its
verdict places the officers of the Government
who conducted the sales above censure.
There are two statutes by which the sales of
ordnance stores aregoverned. One is astatute
enacted in 1825, and the other a statute
enacted in 1868. The statute of 1825 reads
thus:
"That the President of the United States be, and he
is hereby, authorized to cause to besold any ordnance,
arms, ammunition, or other stores, or subsistence or
medical supplies, which upon proper inspection or
survey shall appear to be damaged or otherwise un-
suitable for the public service, whenever, in his
opinion, the sale ofsuoh unserviceable stores will
he advantageous to the public servioe.
" Sec. 2. That the inspection or survey of the
unserviceable stores shall be made by an inspector
general, or such other officer or officers as the Sec-
retary of War may appoint for that purpose; and
the sales shall be made under such rules and regu-
lations as may be prescribed by the Secretary of
War."
The statute of 1868 reads thus:
" That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
authorized and direoted to have sold, after offer at
publio sale on thirty days' notice, in such manner
and at such times and places, at publio or private
sale, as he may deem most advantageous to the
publio interest, the old cannon, arms, and other
ordnance stores now in possession of the War De-
partment, whioh are damaged or otherwise unsuit-
able for the United States military service or for the
militia of the United States, and to oause the net
proceeds of such sales, after paying all proper ex-
penses of sale and transportation to the place of
sale, to be deposited in the Treasury of the United
States."
[At this point the Senate took a recess for
two hours ; at which time Mr. Schurz resumed
as follows:]
Mr. President, when I was interrupted this
evening by the vote to take a recess I wits dis-
cussing the question how far the report of the
majority of the committee of investigation
corresponded with the facts with regard to the
observance of the law in conducting these
sales by the War Department. I had quoted
two statutes, one enacted in 1825 and one in
1868.
I go into these details because it is neces-
sary in order to exhibit this majority report
as a valuable contribution to the history of
the political morals of our times. The pro-
visions of these statutes then were as follows :
the one provided that an inspection of ord-
nance stores to be sold should be held by
officers designated for that purpose ; the other
provided that there shall be an otfer at public
sale after thirty days' notice before private
sale should be permitted, and that only ord-
nance stores damaged or otherwise unsuitable
for the use of the Army or militia now, that
is to say, at the time of the passage of the act,
"in the possession of the War Department,"
should be sold.
Now, sir, have those provisions been ob-
setved? The committee says yes. 1 affirm
that not only were they not observed, but that
every one of them was most flagrantly vio-
lated. Let us see how things were done m
the War Department, and then let us examine
the judgment passed upon the official way of
doing things by a Senate committee.
In the first place, there is not even in this
testimony the least pretense of an inspection
in connection with the sales under investiga-
tion. The matter of inspection is not even
mentioned by the officers of the War Depart-
ment testifying before the committee. Sec-
ondly, there is not even a pretense of the
offering at public sale at thirty days' notice
of the lots of arms and ordnance stores that
were sold. The modw operandi followed by
the War Department is very curious. It was
this : the War Department advertises a very
small quantity of arms or ordnance stores,
say a few hundred rifles and a few thousand
cartridges. Thereupon at any future time the
War Department claim the right to sell at
pleasure any quantity of arms or ordnance
stores ever so large and ever so varied at pri-
vate sale. The consequences to which such
a modus operandi is calculated to lead are set
forth as follows:
" Question. In illustration of this ruling let me
put a question to you. It appears from the adver-
tisement before us that two thousand breech-loaders
were advertised for sale and bids were invited
thereon publiely. A party desiring to buy arms
might not desire to bay two thousand, and might
desire to buy twenty thousand, having a market for
twenty thousand and not for a small lot; the two
thousand, therefore, would not be sold possibly at
public sale: and then the two thousand not having
been sold, the Ordnance Bureau would have consid-
ered itself authorized to sell all the rest upon the
strength of tha.t advertisement for two thousand at
private sale. Was that the construction ?"
And the answer is given by one of the most
prominent officers of the Ordnance Bureau :
" That was the oonstruotion. One thing should be
considered, however, in that connection, and it is
this: that the dealers, and those parties who would
bo apt to make offers for the purchase of such arms,
were thoroughly informed as to what was going on
in the Department and what things they could buy.
They were constantly, you may say, in communi-
cation with the agency in New York gathering
information."
So that in fact the injunction of public deal-
ing was set aside and the whole matter virtually
given over to private transaction. I repeat,
therefore, there is not even a pretense that the
provision of the statute in this respect has been
faithfully executed
Thirdly, there is no pretense even that
only such ordnance stores were sold as were
then, at the time of the passage of this statute,
in possession of the War Department, for the
evidence shows that cartridges were newly
manufactured for the purpose of being_ sold,
and certainly that ammunition was not in the
possession of the War Department as ammu-
nition when the statute was passed.
Fourthly, were only such arms sold as were
"damaged or otherwise unsuitable arms or
ordnance stores" for the use of the Army or
the militia of the United States? There were
carbines sold to Remington on October 13,
1871, of the description "Spencer" and
"Remington." Were they damaged ? Gen-
eral Dyer, in an official document over his
signature, testifies here that they were fit to
be issued to our own troops. Were they un-
suitable for the Army or the militia? The
very same kind of arms are in the hands of
our regular soldiers down to this very day.
Was the ammunition to accompany the breech-
loaders sold " damaged or otherwise unsuit-
able?" Why, sir, that ammunition was newly
manufactured for the purpose of being sold,
and the same kind and caliber of ammunition
is used in our Army to-day. Were_ the breech-
loaders sold in such large quantities to Mr,
Richardson, a straw man of Remington's, "un-
suitable?" Why, sir, here is a report of our
officers, who have officially examined those
breech-loaders, and testify that they are a most
powerful and effective infantry arm. Another
officer of the ordnance department testifies
that those arms are to-day far better than any
arm now in the hands of any regular army
abroad, and certainly those arms are infinitely
better than a large majority of the arms now
in the hands of the militia of the United
States, for most of the arms in the.hands of
the militia are still the old muzzle-loaders.
Who will then pretend that the breech-loaders
