1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4167
Senator from Illinois. I ask that the letter be
read if the Senator from Illinois desires it,
Mr. TKCJMBIJLL. I want some statement.
It strikes me as a proper provision unless there
is some reason that I do not understand. Of
course it is for the public interest to have the
public work constructed for the least sum that
it can properly be done, and this is a provis-
ion requiring this work to be let out to the
lowest responsible bidder. Of course it is to
be under the charge and supervision of the
architect, and that is the way private persons
build houses. If the Senator from Illinois
wanted to construct a building in San Fran-
cisco or Chicago he would employ an architect
and get up his plans and let it out to the low-
est responsible bidder. Why the Government
should not do that, I do not know. There
may be reasons, if the Senator will state them,
or it will be shorter perhaps to have the letter
read.
Mr-. STEVENSON. I hope this amend-
mend will be disagreed to. There is no more
important provision in the bill than this which
has been proposed to be stricken out. There
is no security for the disbursement of the
public money without some such limitation.
I am prepared to show by official documents
that millions of dollars have been wasted,
expended by some irresponsible employe of
the Treasury Department without having
entered into a contract, without knowing the
amount the work would cost, paying exorbit-
ant prices when the work could have been
done for a much less sum. You must place
some check upon the expenditure of the mil-
lions of dollars which are now being put in
public buildings. I have before me a docu-
ment which shows that more than a million
dollars have been wasted for the want of some
such check, and I have been unable to see or
hear any good reason why some such limita-
tion as that should not be put upon this bill.
Mr. COLE. The Senator, when he speaks
of wasting millions of dollars upon public build-
ings, must be referring to the buildings that
were alluded to by my friend from Illinois a
few minutes ago, to wit, the buildings at New
Orleans and Charleston, and under former
administrations and under management that
did really result no doubt in the loss of large
amounts of money to the Government; but
such, I am very certain, has not been the case
in modern times. I ask that, the letter of the
Secretary of the Treasury, which will explain
the matter more briefly than I can, may be read.
The Chief Cierk read as follows :
Treasury Department,
Office of tiie Secretary, May 27, 1872.
Sm: I desire to caH your attention to two provisos
on the thirteenth page, lines three hundred and two
to three hundred and ten, inclusive, of the bill of
the House of Reprej-entatives making appropria-
tions lor sundry civil expenses ot the Government
for the fiscal year ending June 30,1873, and for other
purposes, as reported to the Senate by your com-
mittee.
These provisos require that in the erection of the
buildings under the Treasury Department the work
and materials shall be obtained by contracts duly
entered into in pursuance of advertisements for
proposals, the contracts to be given to the lowest
bidder.
It must be apparent to the committee and to Con-
gress, I think, upon further consideration, that it is
impracticable to erect public buildings in accord-
ance with the conditions herein imposed. It is the
practice at present to obtain proposals upon public
advertisement for the materials when they are re-
quired in any considerable quantities. These pro-
visos would compel the Department to let the con-
struction of buildings, including the structure itself
and the fixtures, to the lowest bidder, and I am fully
satisfied that a return to the former practice in this
respect would be expensive and injurious to the
public service.
The opportunities I have had for ascertaining the
facts in regard to public buildiugs satisfy me that
those constructed under the contract s>stem, and
especially from the year 1S50 to the year i860, are of
comparatively little value, while the expense was
very great. Moreover, contractors under that system
have contrived to obtain either through the Depart-
ment large allowances for extra work, or by appeal
to Congress to obtain large appropriations against
the judgment ot the Department. The evidence of
this may be found in the report of the supervising
architect for the year 1870, (pages 301 to <504 inclu-
sive.)
The statistics upon the pages referred to show that
tne contractors received for the work bums very
largely in excess of the contract prices, while in
most cases the work performed was f.ir below the
standard of work done under the system followed
during the past few years.
Very respectfully,
GEO.S. BOUTWELL,
Secretary.
lion. Cornelius Cole, Chairman Committee on
Appropriations, United Statex Senate.
Mr. STEVENSON. The chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations says that my
statement that a million or more of money has
been wasted in these public buildings must
apply to buildings constructed many years ago.
JVlr. President, I hold in my hand a report which
I find to be signed by John F. Farnsworth,
T. W. Ferry, the present Senator from Mich-
igan, S. H. Boyd, James N. Tyner, George
M. Adams, and J. S. Smith, made on the
20th of December, 1869. They constituted
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
of the House of Representatives at that period.
They were instructed by a resolution to invest-
igate the construction of certain new build-
ings which the Government had undertaken
at several places in the United States. I pro-
pose to read to the Senate a short extract from
that report:
" The Government thus seems to be in a measure
at the mercy of the contractor. It pays the wages
of the men employed by him. He charges up and
receives in addition a sum equal to fifteen per cent,
of the entire cost. If a workman shall occupy two
days in performing a job that ought to be done m
one, he realizes a profit on two days' woik instead
of one. The most favorable opportunity tor-con-
nivance is thus created, and every inducement
exists to favor the contractor and enlarge his
profits."
Further:
" The committee is painfully impressed with the
insecurity and danger to the Government in allow-
ing its money to the extent ot many millions—how
many, no one, not even the architect himself, can
tell—to be thus lavished upon the erection ot public
buildings, without any control or limit, either as to
design or amount, except the irresponsible discre-
tion of a subordinate employe of the Treasury
Department." * * * * * * *
" The Secretary of the Trea:*ury recommends that
the erection of no building be commenced until a
law he first enacted pioviding for its erection and
fixing or iimitingits cost. The committee earnestly
concurs in that recommendation, though even such
a limitation has failed to be effective, or to be
observed, in some cases which have been brought
betorc the committee. But, without some restraint,
experience shows that the money of the Government
is lavished upon public buildings, without any re-
sponsibility, and limited only by the taste or ca-
price of the officer or agent m charge of them, or,
when inthe hands of a bad or dishonest man, by his
avarice and cupidity."
Now, sir, I cannot see the least objection to
this limitation. I think it is just what a pri-
vate man would do in regard to his own busi-
ness, and I must protest, and so long as I am
on the Appropriation Committee, 1 will con-
tinue to protest, against putting at the control
of irresponsible employes and agents millions
of dollars of the public money, to be wasted
and squandered as this record shows has been
done. I do hope that this amendment will
not prevail. I have taken some little trouble
to investigate this subject., and I hold in my
hand the most monstrous bill that a contrac-
tor 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
five minutes have expired.
mkssagk from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhekson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the resolution of
the Senate to resciud the concurrent resolu-
tion of the two Houses, providing for the final
adjournment of the present session of Con-
gress ou Monday the 3d instant, with an amend-
ment ; in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. Oil) to continue
the act to authorize the settlement of the ac-
counts of officers of the Army and Navy, with
an amendment; in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 2672) for
the relief of Thomas Burke, of Virginia.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNKD.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills and joint resolution; and they
were thereupon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. IS) for the relief of Mrs.
Fannv Kelly;
A bill (S. No. 382) to provide for a build-
ing for the use of the Federal courts, post
office, internal revenue and other civil offices
in the city of Little Rock, Arkansas;
A bill (S. No. 429) supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to aid in the construction of
telegraph lines, and to secure .to the Govern-
ment the use of the same for postal, military,
and other purposes," approved July 24. I860 ;
A bill (S. No. 486) for the relief of Brevet
Colonel Emeric Szabad;
A bill (S. No. 546) relative to homestead
settlers burned out in the States of Minnesota,
Wisconsin, and Michigan ;
A bill (S. No. 595) to fix the pay of certain
rear admirals on the retired list of the Navy ;
A bill (S. No. 608) to correct an error in the
act approved February 24, 1871;
A bill (S. No. 659) relative to the entry and
clearance of ferry-boats and of bonded cars
passing from one State to another through for-
eign contiguous territory;
A bill (S. No. 739) for the relief of Sarah
A. Ward ;
A bill (S. No. 710) to refund certain duties
paid by the Winona and St. Peter's Railroad
Company;
A bill (S. No. 745) relating to a site for pub-
lic buildings in Harrisbarg, Pennsylvania, and
Sacramento, California;
A bill (S. No. 754} granting the right of
way through the public lands for the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph in Florida;
A bill (S. No. 757) to authorize the appoint-
ment of certaiu officers iu the quartermaster's
department;
A bill (S. No. 790) to extend the provisions
of an act entitled "An act for the relief of
certain purchasers of lands from the legal
representatives of Bartholomew Cousin," ap-
proved February IB, 1871 ;
A bill (S. No. 823) to cancel a certain deed
to the United States of America ;
A bill (S. No. 837) to authorize the issue
of an American register to the brig Delphine;
A bill (S. No. 855) to provide for the sale
of the marine hospital and grounds at San
Francisco;
A bill (S. No. 857) granting a pension to
Margaret H. Judd, of Wilmington, Delaware;
A bill (S. No. 897) in regard to the com-
mencement of increased pay to promoted
officers in the Navy ;
A bill (S. No. 910) relating to invent-
ories and accounts of the property of the
United Slates in public buildings and grounds:
A bill (S. No. 1105) for the relief of Har-
mon E. Wentworth, late second lieutenant
fourteenth New York heavy artillery;
A bill (H. R. No. 757) to carry into effect
the fourth article of the treaty of February 23,
18C7, with the Seneca, Shawnee, Quapaw, and
other Indians ;
A bill (H. R. No. 903) for the relief of
George A. Stevens, of the United States
Navy ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2384) to confirm to the
Great and Liittle Osage Indians a reservation
in the Indian territory;
A bill (II. R. No. 2411) granting a pension
to A. Schuyler Sutton ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2419) granting a pension
to William Freslione ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2623) to provide for the
removal of the Flathead and other Indians
from the Bitter Root valley, in the Territory
of Montana;
A bill (H. R. No. 2851) to provide for the
restoration of the records of the proceedings
