1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1479
theUnited States, in cass of the sickness or other dis-
ability of the judges of the district courts, approved
J uly 29,1850, the district judge of any judicial district
within his circuit to hold a district or circuit court
in the place or aid of any other district judgewithin
the same circuit; and it shall be the duty of such
district judge as shall be for that purpose desig-
nated and appointed to hold the district or circuit
court as aforesaid without any other compensation
than his regular salary as established by law."
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the Chair will
allow me one additional word in reference to
the point of order. I find following the rule
which has been read by the Chair this lan-
guage in Barclay's Digest, that it has been
decided under this law it is not in order to,
propose amendments to a general appropria-
tion bill which changes existing law.
Now the law which I have had read requires
these judges to hold court and fix the salary
which they are to receive, and provides that
they are not to have any additional allowance.
This clause, therefore, by making this addi-
tional allowance for traveling expenses, does
change that law, and of course is necessarily
out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is ready to
rule on the point of order.
Mr. POTTER. Before the Chair announces
his decision, I hope he will permit me to say a
word or two in reply to the gentleman from In-
diana. I think my friend from Indiana [Mr.
Holman] is right, when he says the salaries
were increased in consideration that the judges
were to perform these services 
Mr. DICKEY. This was in 1869, before the
passage of that law.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have a paper
before me which states that these services were
performed down to 1869.
Mr. POTTER. The section of the .law
which has been read relates to the salaries of
supreme and circuit court judges. It says that
t.he judges of the Supreme Court of the United
States and judges of the circuit court of the
United States shall not receive compensation
beyond the amount fixed in that section; but
it make no provision in reference to the sal-
aries of the judges of the district courts, but
leaves them under the same provision of law
which had existed previously. It is true, the
language at the end of the section is broad
and general; but if the gentleman's construc-
tion be the true one, just contemplate for a
moment the condition in which it will leave
these district judges. If the language will
bear the construction put upon it by the gen-
tleman from Indiana, then I beg to say the
law in that regard ought to be at once re-
pealed. Take for illustration the State of New
York, and see what will be the result of the con-
struction given to this law by the gentleman.
If the judge of the western district of that
State were to go to the city of New York to hold
court there, and receive no other compensation
than his salary, it would be an act of the gross-
est injustice. It is an actual fact, as is well
known, that the judge of the western district
of New York cannot go to the city of New
York and provide himself at any of the hotels
with even a small sitting-room without expend-
ing his entire salary. If such be the con-
struction of the law it ought to be repealed at
once, and some provision made for defraying
the extraordinary expenses of judges under
such circumstances.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to call
the attention of the Chair on the point of
order made to a point which I think it maybe
worth while to consider in this connection.
The Constitution provides that the salaries of
judges shall not be reduced during their term
of office. If you impose on them duties not
laid down in their letter of appointment, if
you send them on long journeys and compel
them to incur additional expense, cutting
down their salaries ten, twenty, or thirty per
cent. 
Mr. POTTER. Fifty per cent.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If you reduce
their salaries fifty per cent, in this way it does
seem to me you clearly violate the Constitu-
tion under which they hold their offices. I
venture to appeal to the Chair that that is
a point worthy of his consideration. I call
attention to it for the purpose of asking whether
it does not form a rule to control our action in
this case ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I only desire to call the
attention of the Chair to two decisions already
made on this rule, to which reference has been
made by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
and the last clause of the rule in reference to
contingencies for carrying on the several de-
partments of the Government. That has twice
been passed by the House before. In my judg-
ment, the question has been decided against
the gentleman from Indiana. The decision
was this:
"But it was also decided that the latter branch
of the rule not only permitted amendments increas-
ing salaries, but was framed for that very pur-
pose."— Congressional Globe, volume 54, pages 306,
325; also Congressional (rlobe, volume (3, page 224.
I ask the attention of the Chair to that
ruling, which will be found on page 16 of the
Manual, the last sentence of the clause.
Mr. FARNSWORTH rose.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is prepared
to rule upon the objection. Does the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] wish to
be heard on the point of order?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would like t® be
heard for one moment. I feol no interest in
the main question. I presume it may be proper
enough to pay this money. The only feeling
I have is in reference to the precedent that
may be established. The constant tendency,
especially in Committee of the Whole, is to
extend the rules and to make dangerous pre-
cedents. The tendency is not to circumscribe,
especially in Committee of the Whole, but
rather to extend until the practice bccomes
dangerous.
Now, I know that it has been decided by the
House that under this ruling an amendment to
an appropriation bill may be offered to increase
a salary. But admitting that it is right that
such an amendment should be in order, I beg
to observe that this is not a proposition to in-
crease a salary. Not at all. A salary is an
annual allowance or a periodical allowance to
an officer as compensation for the duties of
his office. This is a special provision. A gen-
tleman near me asks whether, in the case of a
statute providing a salary of $3,000, it would
be in order to move to increase it to $3,500?
It has been so decided before, as I have already
remarked, but I think the decision was wrong.
I do not think it was ever intended that it
should be in order under that rule to increase
salaries in this way in an appropriation hill
where the salaries are fixed by law. But ad-
mitting that that would be in order, this is not
a provision to increase a salary. It is a pro-
vision specially to compensate the judge or
reimburse the marshal for expenses which he
allowed the judge for traveling to another dis-
trict in the State. Now that, it seems to me,
is not admissible in an appropriation bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to make a single
remark in reply to the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Farnsworth.] Any allowance
made to an officer of the United States for
official duty is pro tanto an increase of his
salary, and is distinctly within the rules of the
House in the cases referred to. There cannot
be a question about it. If you make a special
appropriation, as is proposed in this bill, for
holding terms of court additional to what were
allowed by law, it is an increase of salary by
an additional allowance temporarily I admit;
it is not a permanent increase, but it is a tem-
porary increase of salary, and nothing else can
be made out of it. And I undertake to say
that this is strictly within the rule as I have
read it.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] has presented par-
tially a point to which I desire to call the
attention of the Chair. It seems to me that
there is here an increase of duty to a judge.
Now, suppose he had but two terms a year,
and we should order this judge to hold three
terms. There would be the additional travel-
ing of a third term around the circuit. The
question, then, is, would we have the power
under this rule to increase the pay of the
judge for traveling around a circuit of one
hundred or two hundred miles over what he
would have been compelled to travel if we
had not increased his duties? This, I under-
stand, is simply an increase of duties, and
these judges must perform the duties under
the law as it exists, and they receive their
salaries for so doing.
There is a very wholesome remedy for all
this. If they think that the salary is inadequate
to pay them for the extra duty imposed upon
them, they have the privilege which belongs
to every American freeman, that of resigning
the position they hold. And I take it for
granted when there is no provision in the law
prescribing pay for additional duty, it was not
the intention of the law-makers to allow these
judges anything beyond what was allowed
them at the time their duties were increased.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire just to say that
the question here is not whether you can make
an appropriation without authority of law, but
whether you can make an appropriation in
defiance of law and against law. That is the
question here.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will rale on
the points of order which have been raised.
It does not seem clear to the Chair whether
this clause proposes a change of law by pre-
scribing a new rule for the sentlement of an
account, or whether it is an appropriation.
But in either view the Chair holds that it is
out of order. If it be a change of law it is out
of order for that reason. If it be an appro-
priation then it is for payment of money
not authorized by law. The Chair would
give great weight to the point made by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gahfield,] the
chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and yet the Chair does not feel it to
be within the functions of the Chair to pass
upon the constitutionality of an act of Con-
gress, eertaiuly not to hold it unconstitu-
tional. It is the duty of the Chair to observe
the laws and to hold them as constitutional
until decided otherwise by the proper tribunal,
but if the act of Congress requiring extra
duties of judges be unconstitutional the rem-
edy is for the judges to disregard it aud not
for the House, certainly not for the Chair,
in Committee of the House, to nullify the
law.
As to the point raised by the gentleman from.
Ohio nearest to the Chair, [Mr. Bingham,] it
seems to the Chair that this is not an increase
of salary. It does not relate to the compen-
sation of an officer in the future, nor to the
regular compensation of a class of officers or
of any officer whatever ; but is simply an extra
allowance for services performed or expenses
incurred.
As to the point that this is an appropriation
for contingent expenses of carrying on the
J udicial Department, under Rule 120, it seems
to the Chair that the expenses sought to be
covered by this clause are not those of the
Department, but the personal expenses of
the judge incurred in the performance of a
duty required of him by law, and for which the
law provides no compensation save that of the
salary of his office. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The_ Secre-
tary of State, in a letter to the Committee on
Appropriations, calls attention to the fact that
an item in the regular estimates has been over-
looked and ought to be put in. I am there-
fore instructed by the committee to ofler the
following amendment;
On pa"e 3, after lino forty-three, under head of
Department of State, add the following; .
FoTpubWhinsr the laws of the third session of
the Eorty-Jfirst Congress and of the first ucs=ion oi
