1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
583
morning by the Senator from South Carolina,
to reconsider the vote by which the Senate
yesterday passed House bill No. 555.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded t,o consider themotion to reconsider.
The VrCB PRESIDENT. Tho question
now is on the motion of the Senator from South
Carolina, that the Senate reconsider the vote
on the passage of this bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, since
the passage of this bill I have received a large
number of communications from the State of
Michigan, from the lumber districts, and I
asked my friend from South Carolina to enter
a motion to reconsider, believing, as I do, that
if the facts in the case are properly appre-
ciated by this body, this bill will be reconsid-
ered, and will not be permitted to become a
law. I do not and cannot believe that the
Senate of the United States would intention-
ally commit a wrong or an injustice, and in
this case I expect to show that a very griev-
ous wrong and injustice has been done.
I tried yesterday to make the Senate under-
stand that the chief sufferers, and, I may
add, the only sufferers by the great confla-
gration in Michigan and in Wisconsin, were
those connected with the lumber interests of
those two States. The fires raged nowhere
else; property was consumed nowhere else,
and they were really the only sufferers. But,
Mr. President, I did not state another fact,
and that was that in addition to the enormous
losses in buildings, machinery, houses, barns,
stock, and every other species of property, in
addition to the burning of over twenty million
acres of pine lands belonging to these indi-
viduals, these very lumbermen were subjected
to enormous losses through failures in Chicago
in consequence of that fire. I cannot state the
amount, but it was very great. That was an
additional loss to their own individual losses
by fire. But besides all that, these are the iden-
tical individuals alluded to by my honored and
respected colleague who prevented, at their
own loss and cost, because they were honorable
and patriotic and benevolent men, the increase
of the price of lumber instantaneously after
the Chicago fire to the extent of over four
dollars a thousand, as the honorable Senator
from Illinois stated yesterday. But that, Mr.
President, is not all. In addition to their
enormous losses both by fire and by failures
in Chicago, they contributed more liberally to
the sufferers in Chicago than any other class
of men, I undertake to say, in these United
States. Notwithstanding their own losses in
the ways I have specified, these lumbermen
came forward with unexampled liberality, and
contributed of their means to the sufferers
there.
I said when I began that 1 could not and
would not believe that the Senate of the United
States would deliberately and with full knowl-
edge perpetrate a wrong. No Government
and no individual and no combination of indi-
viduals can afford to pepetrate a wrong, even
upon the humblest citizen of these United
States; and, sir, I stand up here in behalf
of men upon whom a gross wrong has been
perpetrated, and I ask the Senate of the Uni-
ted States to aid me in correcting that wrong.
Had this Senate and this Congress decreed
that a tax should be levied on the States of
Wisconsin and Michigan—for those are the
only two States that are interested in this mat-
ter—it would not have been so gross a wrong
as this, because the tax would have fallen upon
the whole population of those two States ;
those who had suffered and those who had
not; those who had been injured in their
property and those who had not. But in this
case you select the very greatest sufferers of
all, and you say, not that the States of Wis-
consin and Michigan shall pay this bonus to
Chicago, butyou say that these very men who
have suffered the most shall pay the whole of
it. 1 ask the Senate of the United States
vhether they are willing to say to these men,
"We care not how much you have suffered,
we care not how much you have lost, we, iu
our benevolence, will, by a forced contribu-
tion, take from you the balance that you have
left." That is what you say.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The hour of one o'clock
having arrived, it becomes the duty of the
Chair to call up the unfinished business of
yesterday, being the amnesty bill, and the
question is on the motion of the Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. Robertson,] to post-
pone the further consideration of that bill and
take up House bill No. 1050.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask that that be laid aside
informally until the Senator from Michigan
shall get through his remarks, and then I shall
ask the Senate to take a vote without further
discussion, if no other gentlemen wishes to
discuss the matter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois asks that tho pending bill be laid
aside informally by general consent. Is there
objection?
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to ask a
question in aid of the Senator. Did anybody
yesterday, before the adjournment, demand
the regular order ?
Mr. ROBERTSON. Yes, sir; I did. I
yielded the whole of the day yesterday for this
bill. If a vote can be taken now on the recon-
sideration, I shall not object, but I shall object
to the further discussion of the measure.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
subject to be called up by a single Senator.
The Senator from Michigan will proceed, by
general consent, on House bill No. 555.
Mr. CHANDLER. Here is a letter which
I received this morning from one of these
sufferers by fire:
" Inclosed please find an article referring to tho
bill passed by the House for tho remission of duties
on building materials for Chicago. Now, why the
sufferers by the fires through Michigan and Wis-
consin should not receive tho same favors by legis-
lation is only explained by the fact that this bill is
generally understood to bo a swindle and fraud
perpetrated by the free-traders, and my object in
thus writing to you is to urge you to use your best
endeavors to defeat tho bill in tho Senate, and
thereby save the interests of a very large proportion
of-your constituents and citizens of Michigan."
Here is the article inclosed, which I ask the
Clerk to read, as it expresses the views of the
people of Michigan, and especially of the suf-
ferers in Michigan. This, I believe, is taken
from a paper in their midst.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
" Tho bill for the remission of duties on building
material, lumber, iron girders, sleepers, rafteis, all
house trimmings, nails, glass, cement, &e., used in
rebuilding Chicago, has passed the House of Repre-
sentatives. This bill limits the importations to one
yearfrom thelOtli ot October last; but asinueb mate-
rial may be, imported within the year as lumber and
hardware dealers choose, enough to supply Chicago
for the next ten years.
" This bill we regard as probably one of the most
mischievous Congress has considered in many years.
It will probably not aid theactua.1 builders and own-
ers of buildings in Chicago at all, or only a little;
but it will bo a speculation for the lumber dealers
and hardware merchants of Chicago. They can
import lumber from Canada and iron from England,
and so control tho Chcago lumber market and the
market in house trimmings. If the cffect is to lower
tho price of lumber in Chicago, then the lumber
market and the lumber manufacturers of tho en-
tire Northwest wilt necessarily be affected. At any
rate, the effcct will bo to place thelumber manufac-
turers of the Northwest partially at the mercy of a
Chicago free-trade combination. And if Canadian
lumber can be introduced into Chicago at a lower
price than Michigan and Wisconsin lumber, no mat-
ter if it is only in small quantities, then tho entire
free-trade faction will point to that fact and use it
as an argument for the perpetual and totnl repeal oi
the tariff upon lumber. If excusing Chicago irom
paying the tariff upon lumber lowers the price ot
lumber in Chicago, or benefits Chicago, why not
extend the same benetit to the whole country ? will
e,^The whole thing is a dodge, a trick, concocted
by free traders, not for the benetit of Chicago, out to
obtain control of the lumber market, to the mjuiy
of the lumbor manufacturers and iron manufac-
turers of the entire Northwest. And these manufac-
turers cannot too soon expose the trick to the Senate
and oppose the passage of the bill. We warn every :
lumber and iron manufacturer in Michigan and the
Northwest of their danger, that it is a scheme to
place the lumbor market of the Northwest com-
pletely at the mercy of a combination of importers
and Canadian lumbermen, and the iron market par-
tially at the mercy of the English manufacturers.
If the lumber manufacturers of Michigan and "Wis-
consin are willing to allow Canada to fix the price
of lumber for the next year or two, all they have to
do is to let this bill pass unchallenged; but, if they
are not thus willing, they must make themselves
heard in Congress immediately."
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, these
lumber manufacturers have been compelled to
a very considerable extent to mortgage their
property and incur enormous liabilities in re-
building their mills, rebuilding their houses,
and so on ; but beside all that, they are com-
pelled to-day to put a double force, at enorm-
ous wages, into the woods for the purpose
of cutting down the logs where the life has
been destroyed. Unless those logs are cut this
winter the worms next summer will get into
them, and iu a year from this winter they will
be utterly worthless. Hence, there will be
probably more than double the amount of lum-
ber cut and thrown upon the market this year
than ever was before, from necessity, and this
work will be done at a vastly increased ex-
pense, because they are compelled, from the
very necessity of the case, to employ a much
larger force to put in the woods than they have
ever done before. Hence, although the pro-
duct will cost them a very greatly increased
amount, it must be sold for whatever it will
bring.
Now, what do you propose? You propose
to exclude from the Chicago market the entire
product of the States of Michigan and Wiscon-
sin, as was well said by my honorable col-
league yesterday. If the lumber is not in the
Chicago market from Michigan or from Wis-
consin those wanting it will go to Canada and
contract for lumber there; they will go where
they can get the rebate, as my honorable col-
league well placed the fact yesterday. It vir-
tually excludes this enormous extra product
from the Chicago market during the next year,
and perhaps for a year longer.
Sir, ia it right or is it just that you should
collect this tax from those ruined lumbermen
and from them alone? I am willing, as I
stated yesterday, to vote for the most liberal
sum that can be named in any bill which may
be brought in, consistent with reason, in aid
of Chicago; but I am not willing, and I pro-
test in the name of those ruined lumbermen
throughout the States of Wisconsin and Michi-
gan, against levying this forced contribution
upon them in their poverty at this time; and
1 ask other States, that come up here in the
benevolence of their hearts and vote relief to
Chicago from the States of Wisconsin and
Michigan, to reconsider their action, and unite
with as in undoing this great and outrageous
wrong that is proposed to be done. Mr.
President, I hope and 1" expect that they will
do it. In the interest of justice I expect they
will do it.
Sir, let this bill be reconsidered, and then
recommitted to the Committee on Finance,
and let them bring in a bill giving a rebate, if
you please, upon every particle of material
that goes into the reconstruction of the burnt
district of Chicago, and if it is recommended
by the Committee on Finance of this body,^ I
will vote for that, even ; but I cannot and will
not vote to rob these ruined lumbermen of
Michigan for the benefit of Chicago or any-
body else, and I ask this Senate to reverse its
action.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not desire to say a word ;
I only rise to express the hope that the vote
will be taken on the question of reconsider-
ation.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, after the appeal
that has been made by the Senator from Mich-
igan upon this question, we find ourselves in
an entirely different position from that in which
we weie placcd when this bill was reported by
the Committee on Finance. We were yielding
then over scruples on the ground of benevo-
lence and of charity. The appeal to us is made
now 
