632
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 31,
Senate.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Schurz.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
were not infinitely more suitable? To be sure
it is said that in the meantime improvements
were made in the breech-loading musket; but
what will it lead to if the doctrine be accepted
that any improvement which may be thus
made will render all other arms "unsuitable"
and fit to be sold ? Then you might change
only a screw in a gun, and changing that screw
the ordnance department may decide that
according to the statute all muskets in which
that screw is not changed may be sold at the
pleasure of the Ordnance Bureau. Would
not that be preposterous ?
It is evident that if such a doctrine be
adopted there will be unlimited latitude to
private dealing and jobbery. The restrictive
provisions of the statute were therefore in
these sales, as they were conducted, absolutely
set at naught. It appears that the arbitrary
pleasure of the War Department was regarded
as the law. They construed the law in such a
way that they might just as well have made
a law to suit themselves. Is not such a doe-
trine, therefore, utterly inadmissible ? Thus
my assertion is sustained that the law was
flagrantly violated in every particular. But
what does the majority of the committee say?
" Bat, as wo find those sales to have been made
according to the settled construction of the statute
in the Department, with results exceedingly favor-
able to the Government, your committee find noth-
ing in the conduct of the Secretary of War or his
subordinates deserving censure in this respect."
Now, mark the wonderful process of reason-
ing by which such a breach of law is justified.
First, not even the pretense of an inspection
having been had, it was found convenient that
no inspection should be necessary. Hear the
committee about that:
"Your committee are clearly of opinion that the
inspection and survey required by the first act, and
which was equivalent to a condemnation, was not a
condition-precedent to the sale under the last act."
In other words, that the last act virtually
repealed the first as to the matter of inspec-
tion. This is a somewhat desperate expedi-
ent. But it so happens that this construction
pul upon tbe two statutes by the committee
of investigation is contravened by the War
Department itself; for the law officer of the
War Department, the Judge Advocate Gen-
em!, in an opinion given at the request of the
Department, speaks upon the same subject as
follows:
" Wak Department,
Bureau of Military Justice,
Washington. October 12. 1869.
"ttespectfully returned.
"Under the act of March 3,1825, which is regarded
its siill in force, the sales referred to may beordered
by the President of the United States. That act is
in (lie tollowing words:
That the President of the United States be. and
is hereby, authorized to cause to be sold any ord-
nance, arms, ammunition, or other military stores,
oi subsistence or medical supplies, which, unon
proper inspection or survey, shall appear to be
damaged or otherwise unsuitable for the pubiio
service, whenever, in his opinion, the sale of such
unserviceable stores will be advantageous to the
public service.
Sec, 2. That the inspection or survey of the
unser\ iceable stores shall be made by an inspector
freneml or such other officer or officers as the Secre-
tary of War may appoint for that purpose; and the
Miles shall be made under such rules and regula-
tions as may be prescribed by the Secretary of
War.'"
!'h* Judge Advocate General further says:
"It will be observed that the ordnance, arms,
ammunition, or other military stores, or subsistence
or medical supplies, authorized to be sold by this
act, must first have been inspected as provided for,
and declared to be either ' damaged' or ' otherwise
unfit for the public service,' which having been
dor.e, the power of the President to dispose of them
is complete provided in his opinion such sale will
be advantageous to the public service."
This opinion was given by the Judge Advo-
cate General on the 12th of October, 1869,
more than a year after the passage of tbe stat-
ute of 1868. The occasion was the sale of a
number of muskets to the republic of Liberia,
sold in the same manner as afterward mus-
kets were sold to Mr. Remington or Mr. Rich-
ardson. The cases were entirely parallel, and
yet the Judge Advocate General insisted that
the inspection prescribed by the statute of
1825 could not, without a violation of law, be
dispensed with.
Thus we find here the curious spectacle of
an investigating committee defending the War
Department against its own law officer; the
law officer of the War Department affirming
that the action of the Department is wrong,
and theu the committee of the Senate stepping
in and saying "In the opinion of your own law
officer you may be wrong, but in our opinion
you did just right." The War Department
virtually through its law officer confesses a
violation of the law, and the committee tells
them iu spite of themselves they did not violate
the law. I call this a somewhat desperate
expedient.
The committee has shown, us that "some
things can be done as well as others." But
in other respects, the offer at public sale on
thirty days' notice, &c., the proceedings of
the War Department were so flagrantly arbi-
trary that even this committee is forced to ad-
admit what it euphoniously calls "error or
irregularity in the details of execution;" a
new and ingenious phrase for violation of law.
But the committee is up to the work; it finds
a justification for everything. How did that
arbitrary construction of the law pass into the
practice of the War Department? It was first
made by General Schofield, when he was Sec-
retary of War, and was then accepted by Gen-
eral Belknap. It was communicated verbally
in an off-hand way by General Schofieldto the
chief of ordnance, and then passed in a verbal
communication from tbe chief of ordnance
who himself was to conduct the sales to the
new Secretary of War, who without hesitation
and further inquiry adopted it. The Secre-
tary of War, as he himself testifies iu answer
to my question, consulted nobody for his own
satisfaciion ; what the chief of ordnance told
him was to the Department just as good as law.
No law officer of the Department was con-
sulted then.
The circumstances are somewhat peculiar.
We hear much about the looseness of construc-
tion and execution of the laws under Andrew
Johnson. in fact, whenever this Administration
is attacked we meet the standing argument in
excuse, " But how much worse was it under
Andrew Johnson!" And nowthe very loosest
construction of a law that ever was made and
acted upon under Andrew Johnson is adduced
as a justification for a far more extensive vio-
lation of the law made by the officers of this
Administration. With you, gentlemen, I con-
demn the misdeeds that were perpetrated under
Andrew Johnson, but, if you please, cease
claiming to be saints on your part; if the sins
committed under this Administration are to be
justified by the smaller and less considerable
sins committed under Mr. Andrew Johnson,
cease to exclaim, "We thank thee, Lord, that
we are not like those sinners who went before
us."
Now, I ask you in all soberness, is this the
way in which the high officers of the Govern-
ment are to construe the laws of the land ?
Is it, the part of good officers to accept the
most glaring errors of their predecessors as
their own rule of conduct without even taking
the trouble to satisfy themselves as to the jus-
tice of what they are doing? Is that intelli-
gent, is that conscientious government? It
seems to be more than intelligent and consci-
entious enough for the committee, but I doubt
whether intelligent and conscientious enough
for the welfare of the people.
But worse than that, the committee have
found another still more striking justification
for a violation of the law. Listen ; it is that
the violation of law as perpetrated by the War
Department was more beneficial to the Gov-
ernment in its results than the observance of
the law would have beenl Let us look at the
committee's own language:
"Nevertheless it must be admitted that the
soldier's construction "—
Meaning the construction of the law as made
by General Schofield and accepted by General
Belknap—
" was far more beneficial to the Government and
more in harmony with the object of tbe act than a
lawyer's construction would have been."
Now, sir, I call a doctrine like this the most
abominable, themostdangerousand destructive
doctrine ever advanced in a country enjoying
free institutions—a doctrine utterly subversive
of a Government of laws. Let the principle be
once established that the officers of the Gov-
ernment may be justified in violating the law
when the violation of the law in their opinion
is more beneficial to the Government than its
observance, and there is the end of all respons-
ible power. Let the practice be established
that the representatives of the people will con-
sider a violation of law justified on such a plea,
and there is the end of parliamentary Gov-
ernment ; there is the end of republican insti-
tutions. If you are willing to let executive
officers construe and exccute the laws, that is,
virtually make the law for themselves as they
deem best for the public interests, then you,
legislators of the country, may go home, for
you have'ereated an authority that will tell you
what is best for the country, instead of listen-
ing to your voices. Does it not seem as if we
were approaching that point at this present
moment? Look around you.
The Secretary of the Treasury negotiates a
loan, and in his expenditures he goes far be-
yond the allowance provided for in the statute ;
and he is justified on the ground that his trans-
gression facilitates negotiation of the loan!
The Secretary of the Navy pays a claim of
$93,000 in direct violation of the clear mean-
ing of the statute, and yet that lawless act is
justified on the plea that in the opinion of the
Secretary of the Navy that claimant had an
equitable claim against the United States I
And now an equally clear violation of the law
is committed by the War Department, and it
is vindicated on the ground that in the opin-
ion of the War Department that was the best
way to make money.
1 tell you, you go on in that direction, you
permit such precedents to be established, and
your officers will soon shrink from nothing in
construing, in obeying, or in violating the
laws, according to their, and not to your no-
tion of public, and by and by also of their
private interests.
Show me the vilest despotism in the world,
show me iu that despotism the vilest syco-
phants, rolling in the dust at the foot of the
throne, and those sycophants will justify the
vilest acts of that despotism upon the identical
doctrine that those in power know best whether
it is more beneficial to the public interest to
obey or to violate the law.
I am very far from comparing any Senator
on this floor with any of those sycophants;
but let me tell them it is alarming, it is humili-
ating to find something like this doctrine,
which is the very foundation of all irrespons-
ible power, of all arbitrary government, advo-
cated in the American Senate ; and as a Sen-
ator, as a friend of republican institutions,
and as an American, I declare I would
rather have this right hand cut off than that
it should sign my name to such a doctrine like
this.
After all this it is perhaps not surprising
that we should in the same paragraph of the
report be treated to something equally start-
ling and significant. Listen to this. Speaking
of the construction of the statute acted upon
by the War Department, the report says:
" This was rather a soldier's than a lawyer's con-
