1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
585
the part of the opponents of this bill to never
let it come to a vote at any time. Delay seems
to be the order all the time in reference to
nearly everything. I may be ill-advised. I
am under obligations, of coarse, to my friend
fiom Maine for the suggestion, because I have
great respect for his opinions as to parliament-
ary action; but I have a constituency behind
me, as well as other Senators have, who ask
of me to have this bill passed at the earliest
possible moment for other reasons, which will
naturally suggest themselves to the mind of
the Senator. It will soon be building time, and
they want an opportunity of commencing at
once. I must askthatthe motion be put to the
Senate. If the Senate is not willing to vote
on the bill now, of course it will be postponed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from Illinois is the same as the
motion already pending of the Senator from
South Carolina.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Illinois may accomplish his object by
moving to lay the bill on the table; but the
motion, as now presented, is debatable, and
opens the whole merits of the case.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose the demand of
the Senator from South Carolina calls before
the Senate the amnesty bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is before
the Senate, and the question is on the motion
to postpone it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Upon that bill the Sen-
ator from Maine [Mr. Morrill] has the floor,
and it seems to me the shortest, way is for that
Senator to resume the floor and go on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Maine is entitled to the floor on the
amnesty bill.
message i'rom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
ti\es, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 524)
to correct a clerical error committed in the
enrollment of an act approved March 7, 1870,
entitled "An act to relieve certain persons
therein named from the legal and political
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
and for other purposes."
The message also announced that the House
had passed a concurrent resolution for the
printing of the report of R. W. Raymond on
the statistics of mines and mining, with ac-
companying engravings, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
mining report.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the following concurrent resolution from the
House of Representatives; which was referred
to the Committee on Printing:
Jli-aolced, (the Senate concurring,) That there bo
printed, of the report of R. W. lia,} mond on the
statistics of mines and mining, with accompanying
engravings, three thousand copies for the use of the
House, one thousand copies for the use of the Sen-
ate, and one thousand copies for the use of the
Treasury Department.
political disabilities.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 380) for the removal of legal
and political disabilities imposed by the third
section of the fourteenth article of amendments
to the Constitution of the United States, the
pending question being on the motion of Mr.
Robertson, to postpone the bill and proceed
to the consideration ofthebill (H. R. No. 1050)
for the removal of legal and political disabili-
ties imposed by the third section of the four-
teenth article of amendments to the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
Mr. HILL. With the leave of the Senator
from Maine, I wish to say that I feel a very
greatly increased interest, in the amnesty bill,
an interest in the passage of some amnesty
bill that will include in its provisions, whether
they be very extended or not, a large number
of the most intelligent legal gentlemen in my
own State. The supreme court of Georgia is
composed of three justices 
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does the Sen-
ator rise to a speech?
Mr. HILL. No ; I shall be very brief. I
will not inflict on you a speech. You will see
the point directly. The supreme court, of
Georgia is composed of three justices when
the bench is full. It has met for a spring ses-
sion with about three hundred cases before it,
a great many of them involving life, others
liberty, and others again large amounts of
property, and the bench at present has but
two justices. Gentlemen will see at once that
a disagreement between these two justices
defeats any case that has been appealed from
a superior court to that tribunal. The Gov-
ernor of the State is awaiting the action of
this body, in the hope that some measure will
be adopted, and that at a very eai'ly day, which
will enable him to make a discreet selection
from among the ablest bars of the State to
supply the deficiency upon that bcnch. It is
very natural and appropriate that I should,
representing the State, feel a deep interest in
this subject. I should feel bound to appeal
to the Senate, if we had much more delay here,
to allow me to bring in a bill with the names
of a few of the most noted lawyers in the State
in order that they might be relieved on account
of the evil that is now pressing upon that
State.
I will not further interfere with the right of
the Senator from Maine to the floor. I thank
him lor his courtesy in allowing me to say so
much.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, addressed the
Senate in remarks which will be published in
the Appendix.
Mr. FLANAGAN, Mr. President,, it is
with great diffidence that I undertake briefly
to discuss this subject. I have listened to this
debate attentively for, lo 1 these many days,
and I have not the vanity to suppose that lean
impart any information that would tend to give
greater light than has already been given to
the Senate upon the great questions before it.
I am to some extent situated, as a distin-
guished Senator remarked very beautifully the
other day—would that I could do likewise—
as to his convictions and intentions on the
present subject. I have really been halting
between two opinions. Why? Candor requires
that I should properly explain myself. I was
born in the South, raised in it, never lived else-
where, nor do I expect to do so. 1 love the
sunny South, my native country; and the
great 'dfliculty presenting itself to my mind
on this occasion is that what I shall say as a
whole will not be well received by the South.
I am aware of that, and I most earnestly re-
gret that it is the case; but, sir, "facts are
stubborn things."
I see upon this occasion, and I am always
gratified to see it, a liberal spirit prevailing in
the Senate of the United States. They are
disposed most liberally to extend to the peo-
ple of the South that which most of them do
not claim—in the spirit, understand me, that
1 would wish them to desire or ask it. They
are being responded to, to say the least of it,
very liberally indeed. Many of them have not
asked to be relieved from their political disa-
bilities. To some extent, upon this occasion,
I shall depart from the principle upon which
I have heretofore acted—from my previous
course in life. I recognize the great principle
laid down in the good Book: the nations of
the world have sinned; and therefore there is
nothing very glaring or surprising to ns_in the
fact that the sons of the South have sinned;
but the great doctrine is, " Come unto me all
ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will
give you rest " There never has been a day,
first and last, that I would not have voted to
relieve almost any individual within the con-
federate States who would just send his peti-
tion to me and ask to be relieved.
I have presented, perhaps, as many peti-
tions for relief as any other Senator occupying
a seat here, during the time that I have been
on this floor. I have presented them in good
faith. I have presented them, in many in-
stances, when I knew the parties personally,
and knew them to be hard cases; but I was
disposed to be charitable toward them. They
came up, as I understand it, in accordance
with the spirit of the law; and it was not
for me to sit in judgment upon them; and
my response has invariably been favorable to
them; and if they were insincere, be it upon
them and the country.
Mr. President, we have heard many argu-
ments on the measure now before us; but it
is my painful duty on this occasion to com-
municate some information to the Senate from
my own State. I have hesitated as to whether
I should make known that which has recenlly
come into my possession yesterday and the day
before. To me it is deplorable. I regret that
it is my duty, as I conceive, to the great Repub-
lican party of the nation, and particulax-ly to
the Republicans of Texas, whom I have the
honor in part to represent here, to do so. I
should be unworthy of the confidence they have
reposed in me were I to withhold this inform-
ation, be the consequences what they may. I
regret exceedingly that I have to speak of my
own State. However, I must do so, and I ask
the Clerk to read the telegram which I now
send to the desk.
The Chief Clerk read the following telegram :
Marshall, Texas, January 22, 1872.
Hon. J. W. Flanagan, United States Senate :
One hundred armed men on horseback, from Na-
cogdoches county, are in Henderson this morning,
disturbing our peace and quiet. We are powerless.
Inform the President.
A. D. LINSLEY.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Now I ask for the read-
ing of the portion that I have marked of the
letter which I send to the desk.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"In conclusion, I report the animus of the south-
ern part of Rusk county, and thenorthern and west-
ern parts of Nacogdoches county, togetherwith some
of their crime; tor crime in full upon these peoplo
cannot be told by man, there being so many in the
trade that even ono of Greeley's sharpest reporters
could not find all to tell, for they deal in privity
upon the virtue of the country, a,nd hope thereby
to force Republicans to the wall, to die in terror,
and, if not, surely under their demoniac thrusts.
"Three weeks ago theKu Klux Klan and their
sympathizers, with a posse, ordered Hazlett and
Grayson, two police, shot. Hazlett being an expert
gunner, killed Harnell, ono of the Klan's men, and
by reason of their better arms, with Grayson and a
few friends, held the little town of Sinilat, in Nacog-
doches county, but left on other business when the
IClan, under semblance of law, raised three hundred
and fiity or four hundred men. In the mean time
old John Blrdwell (Allen's, the traitor's, brother)
was killed privily, and said two police accused.
Now, with said four hundred men, they, the Ku
Klux, are scouring, intimidating, imprisoning, and
swearing that the woods shall stink with Union men
and negroes. The F.veretts, Mack lloberts, and Mr.
Grimes have from fifty to seventy-five negroes and
whites guarding themselves and the Union men of
their vicinity. The Ku Klux scour their settlement
with from fifty to ono hundred, and as high as one
hundred and fifty men, I learn, in a crowd. Ono
man told me he counted one hundred and three
men pass through one lane. The law is a farce,
dear Senator, as enforced hero now. for the Ku
Klux are just as good witnesses where they are not
as where they are: and they have resolved that
honor, property, virtue, and uprightness shall scivc
none as a shield, if he lend his will, support, and
association to Republicans.
" Now, for your skill in the premises, the aspiring
good everywhere unite in one grave, solemn, and
loud appeal to their Creator, that you may see, hear,
feel, taste, and smell their condition, philosophic-
ally. and then bear us the balm ol relief.
" Yours, truly,
"S.W.MARCH.''
Mr. FLANAGAN. Now I ask, for a par-
ticular purpose, the reading of the letter which
I send to the desk.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Center, Shklby County, Texas,
January 12,1872.
DeakSik: I ara one of the number that is dis-
franchised, just from the simple fact that I was
justice of the peace and notary public before the
war. I was never amember ofthe Legislature. AIy
father and oldest brother, A. M. Truit, weie both
members of the Legislature beforo the war, but as
to myself, I never held any office higher than justice
