1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
533
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Sale-s of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Schurz.
Senate.
struction of tho act. In the opinion of your com-
mittee the letter of this act requires that nothing
should be sold at private sale which had not pre-
viously been offered, on thirty days' notice, at pub-
lic sale. Nevertheless, it must be admitted that the
soldier's construction was far more beneficial to the
Government and more in harmony with the object
of the act, than a lawyer's construction would have
been."
Look there ; a soldier's construction of a
statute of the United States ! A new sort of
legal authority, a soldier's construction, which
is so much more beneficial to the interests of
the Government, and so much more in har-
mony with the object of the law, than n law-
yer's construction would have been ! Is there
any doubt about the meaning of a statute ? Let
only a soldier be asked to construe it, for he in-
stinctively knows the object of the law so much
better than the lawyer would have known it;
his construction is so much more beneficial to
the Government than the lawyer's would have
been. Do you hear that ? Do you understand
what this means, especially in times like these ?
Is there a violation of the law ; nevet mind,
your committee tells you, you have instead of
the sanctity of law the soldier's construction,
which is so much more beneficial to the inter-
ests of this Government! Who of you will be
squeamish enough now to complain of a viola-
tion of the law when we enjoy the blessings
of a soldier's legal construction? Is it not
time to abolish the Cabinet and these legisla-
tive bodies, and to put in their places the
.higher and more beneficial understanding of a
council of war? Should we not make haste
to do away with the Supreme Court and tho
other legal tribunals of the country, and have
the laws interpreted and administered by the
far superior and more beneficial wisdom of a
court-martial? Bow your heads, Senators,
before that higher legal authority, a soldier's
construction of the law, and presume no longer
to stand in the way of a blessing which you
are so much less able to confer.
Speaking in sober earnest, sir, a committee
of the Senate of the United States fallen in
love with a soldier's construction of the law
in preference to a lawyer's—is not that a very
strange sign of the times ? Justifying a vio-
lation of the law on the ground that it is a sol-
dier's construction—is it not time that we
should at last come to our senses? Should we
not stop and consider what such enormousand
unprecedented doctrines will lead to, doctrines
fitted only for the military despotisms of the
Old World, and hardly accepted even there? I
doubt whether the sanctity of the law has ever
been trifled with in language of as wanton
levity in any constitutional Government as it
has been in this report.
Take care lest so insidious an example
become contagious, for if the spirit which dic-
tated this report obtain the sanction of the
representatives of the people in these legis-
lative Halls; if it become the accepted and
ruling sentiment of the American people;
nay, if it be not repelled with indignation and
alarm throughout this land, then indeed the
friends of popular liberty and republican insti-
tutions may well say that evil days are coming.
As for me, sir, I shall never cease to fight that
spirit which appears here in so repulsive a
shape as long as I have a voice to speak, and
I do not hesitate to affirm that, bad as the
willful violations of thelawby the War Depart-
ment and its officers may be, the justification
they have received at the hands of this com-
mittee, and the principles upon which such
justification is based, are infinitely worse.
They are among the most alarming symptoms
of the decay of this Government as a Govern-
ment of laws, and of that political demoraliza-
tion which is attacking our body-politic to its
very core. It is indeed time that the military
construction and administration of the laws
should be made to cease in this country when
we see Senators of the United States with such
delight bow to " the soldier's construction of
the law."
I now proceed to the second question in-
volved in this report, whether the sales of
arms were made in accordance to the rule
laid down by our own Government as to its
duties as a neutral. The majority of the com-
mittee says most emphatically that they were.
Let us see.
Under what circumstances was that rule
established by our Government? There was
a great war raging between Prance and Ger-
many. Our Government declared its neutral-
ity. Sales of arms and ordnance stores by
private persons were legitimately made at the
risk of their being confiscated by either bel-
ligerent party as contrabaud of war. But it
appeared that a belligerent party itself applied
to this Government for arms and ordnance
stores through its agent, Mr. Remington, and
in his name, Mr. Squire. On October 13,1870,
Mr. Squire exhibited at the War Department
a dispatch, which in the opinion of the Secre-
tary of War revealed Mr. Remington as an
agent of the French Government. Then the
Secretary of W ar ordered that no arms or
ordnance stores should be sold to Mr. Rem-
ington or persons acting for him, on the ground
that Mr. Remington was the agent of one of
the belligerent parties.
This order and rule was correct. It placed
the Government, as to the observance of its
neutral obligations in the right position. Had
this rule been observed, then certainly no com-
plaint would have been made on that head.
Was that rule observed by the officers of the
Government? Let us examine the testimony.
In the first place, on the very same day, the
13th of October, 1870, when, after the exhi-
bition of that dispatch and the discovery of
Mr. Remington as an agent of the French
Government, the Secretary of War prohibited
sales of arms to that agent, carbines to the
number of thirty-seven thousand and cartridges
to the number of seventeen million were sold
to the same individual. To be sure it is
asserted that the agreement upon which those
arms and that ammunition should be sold to
him was made previous to his discovery as a
French agent; but it must also be observed,
and it appears very clearly from the testimony,
that previous to the discovery only a verbal
understanding took place between an officer of
the ordnance department and the agent of the
French Government, and that by no act on
either side was that bargain confirmed.
It was the usage of this Government that
when arms and ordnance stores were sold to
any private party a deposit was made, a so-
called margin was put up by the purchaser to
bind the bargain. It appears from the testi-
mony before us that such deposit was not
made and accepted before the discovery was
made that Mr. Remington was a French agent;
that the deposit was offered and was accepted
two days after the War Department, had issued
the order that no arms and ammunition should
be sold to that agent of the French Government;
and itappears farther from the evidence that six
weeks after that time the arms and cartridges
were delivered by the Government to the same
agent of the French Government.
Now, is there a Senator on this floor who
will deny that this was a flagrant violation of
the rule established by the War Department-—
the rule, I mean, that in consideration of the
neutral duties of this Government no arms or
ordnance stores should be sold to any agent
of either of the belligerent parties ? If, in the
opinion of the Government, our neutral duties
were violated by the sale of arms to a belli-
gerent, is it not clear that they were still more
pointedly violated by the delivery of arms to
a belligerent party? Is not the delivery the
main thing ? And certainly no previous con-
tract could justify such a delivery. As the
minority report drawn up by the Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Stevenson] very conclusively
shows, if a druggist had sold poison to an in-
dividual and actually taken the money there-
for, and afterward discovered that individual
to be a criminal, would thatdruggist be bound
to deliver the poison to him? Would it not,
on the contrary, be his duty to withhold the
article so sold, although the buyer mav have
put the purchase-money into his hands ?
In order to understand this matter still more
clearly, look at the case of the rebel cruisers
which at this time gives the Governmentof the
United States and that of Great' Britain so
much trouble. I assert that the British Gov-
ernment might have permitted the building
of ever so many war-ships had it only not
permitted them to go out. Not that the rebel
cruisers were permitted to be built in Great
Britain, but that they were permitted to escape
from British ports, was the circumstance
which constituted the violation of neutral
duties on the part of the British Government,
and which furnished our Government a ground
upon which to put forth its claims. I repeat,
the failure to prevent their escape was the sin
for which Great Britain is held to account, and
not the mere construction of the vessels ou the
Mersey. In one word, the delivery constituted
the real crime. And thus the delivery of these
arms constituted the breach of that rule which
our Government laid down to guard against a
violation of oui neutral duties, and not the
mere contract of sale. I suppose every school-
boy can and should understand that; and if the
War Department was not intelligent enough to
understand it, then it is indeed time that we
should have a War Department with common
sense enough to justly construe rules established
by itself to guard our ueutral obligations. But
if they had sense enough in the War Department
to understand it, and yet did not act accordingly,
then it is high time we should have a War De-
partment with honesty enough to enforce its
own rules m good faith. If the President of
the United States had appreciated and cared
to execute his duty in the premises, then I
assert he should not have hesitated to remove
the officer responsible for the delivery of arms
and ammunition to the same person who
had been excluded from the sales made by the
Government ou the ground of his being a
French agent.
Now, let us look at the testimony in the
celebrated case of the breech-loaders, bought
in the name of Mr. Richardson, the lawyer of
Ilion of whom we have heard before. The
order was that no arms and ordnance stores
should be sold to Remington, uor, as the Sec-
retary of War testified in response to a ques-
tion put by myself, to any person known to buy
for Remington. Mr. Remington spent several
months in France in the year 1870. About
the 3d of December, 1870. he returned to this
country for the express object of purchasing
breech-loaders. At once a mysterious exchange
of dispatches takes place between the ordnance
agency in New York and the Ordnance Bureau
here at Washington. The ordnance agent at
New York requested General Dyer to come to
New York "for the purpose of meeting par-
ties." General Dyer telegraphed back that he
had not time to goto New York, but reques;ed
that the parties meet him here. Finally, how-
ever, he did go to New York to look atter the
business there.
Let the minority report drawn up by the
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. StevknsojiJ tell
the story:
"The sale of tbe breeoh-lpading muskets, which
to a great extent were still in the hands of troops,
was then taken in hand, and soon thereafter the
manufacturing of a large quantity of cartridges to
accompany them was ordered.
** The arms merchants known in the trade were not
invited by letter to send in bids, as they had been m
October. General Dyer addressed the following
