1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2377
for the payment of their claims against the
Government—claims which the gentleman as-
sumes have been refused on account of the
poverty of the nation. Now, with all due re-
spect to the gentleman, I think that precisely
the contrary is the fact. *
It has seemed to me, in listening to the
various private bills and private appropriations
which we have passed, that there has been a
widow in every one of them, and that it is
almost impossible to get,anything appropriated
unless th ere is a widow interested. [Laughter. ]
When we have had a pension claim before us,
its payment has been demanded and obtained
because there was some elderly widow depend-
ent upon it. When we have had under con-
sideration some other claim, it has been urged
because some young widow desired it. [Laugh-
ter.] When an extension of a patenthas been
demanded the reason urged has been that some
handsome widow was to receive the proceeds.
[Laughter.] It has seemed to me, Mr. Chair-
man, as though the widows had entire control
of the appropriations in this House; and for
my part I would hang up in every committee-
room the warning of the elder Weller to his
son, "Samivel, Samivel, beware of widders.'
[Laughter. ] It seems to me that we have money
enough to provide for all the widows who need
it, and can also spare a little for the proper
improvement of the public grounds around
the Capitol.
I have had a pleasure that perhaps many
of my associates have had, the pleasure of
traveling abroad and observing there the
handsome buildings erected by those old mon-
archies, as well as the worn-out temples and
castles ot' ancient times ; and in my opinion
not one of them equals or ever equaled, in
beauty, in architectural adornment, in extent
and elegance, this building in which we stand
to-day. I should like to see it surrounded
with grounds befitting it, extensive, adorned,
and beautified as they ought to be, in harmony
with the extent and beauty of the building
itself.
But what have we now? What is there
in the surroundings so appropriate that it
should be retained, so precious that gentle
men would not sacrifice it, or so valuable that
they would not be willing to do away with it?
We have on the left-hand corner, as we pass
out of the Capitol, a drinking-saloon, used
and appropriated more especially, if report
be true, by members of the Senate. [Laugh-
ter.] So, on the right-hand side, as we pass
out, is another drinking-saloon. and that, I
am sorry to say, is occasionally made use of
by members of this House. [Laughter.] We
have nothing else but barracks around those
drinking-saloons on the one liaud and on the
other. Is there anything so elegant here thai,
we shall retain it as it is ? I appeal to my
fanatical friends on the other side of the
House whether they will not lend a willing
and helping hand to break up these nurseries
of Democracy while they at the same time
improve the appearance ot the Capitol.
[La ughter.] .
Why, it seems to me, Mr. Chairman, that
we have abundant money to appropriate to so
laudable a purpose. We should at least ap-
propriate from our national Ireasury a small
sum of money toward beautifying these grounds
when the people of this city have shown a
willingness almost to ruin themselves for the
same purpose. I happen to belong to a com-
mittee of this House which during sixty or
seventy sittings has been investigating into
the amount of money that the residents have
been expending on improvements in this cap-
ital of the nation. They have incurred a
debt of how much neither they nor 1 am
able exaciiy to say, but running up to any-
where from five to fifteen million dollars,
in order to make the streets more elegant,
moie level, better drained, better paveu,
more handsome, more appropriate _ to the
magnificent design on which this cny was
laid out; and it seeais to me that Congress,
representing the wealth of this great nation,
and speaking for the forty million people who
go to make it up, might appropriate at least
$500,000, or whatever sum may be necessary,
in order to give this building, which has no
superior the world over, the Capitol of that
nation, the front view and approach and the
surroundings intended when it was origin-
ally laid out, and appropriate to its imposing
grandeur.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs on
the amendment of the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Holman.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I can
only say, Mr. Chairman, if this thing is to be
done at all now it had better be done well.
Three hundred and fifty thousand dollars will
not pay for the property to be taken, taxed
one half of its value ; not for more than two
thirds, and yet its assessed value exceeds that
sum. We may as well look the matter in the
face. This improvement will cost more than
treble that sum, and yet there is no man who
desires to see the improvement made more
than I do. I hope at some time to vole for
it, and vote for it too in the most liberal form.
But when the Senate think the resources of
the country will not allow soldiers' widows to
have pensions from the date of the death of their
husbands who died in the war, but only will
allow them pensions from the date of the pas-
sage of the special pension acts, and when that
proposition comes from Vermont, I am not in-
clined to voteforanotherpropositionfrom Ver-
mont to give one or two millions dollars for the
purpose of beautifying the Capitol grounds
just now. That is the difficulty we find here
and now. In other words, with the great
claims of our soldiers in the war of 1812 to go
upon the pension-lists, and to claims for
bounty, and the appeals now before the
House, which I think very just, that the first
volunteers going out under Lincoln's procla-
mation should have their bounties, some eighty
thousand of whom have never received any,
which will take from the Treasury 8*1,000,000,
I doubt whether it is worth while to do this
thing now.
We shall not gain anything substantially and
we shall not lose anything. I do not agree
this will be like the sibylline leaves, when one
pare was gone twice as much would be asked
for the remainder; but what I desire is that
our Committee on Public Expenditures, having
now ample time, shall investigate this matter
and bring in a bill which we may carefully
consider, and prescribe how the lands needed
may be taken and appraised and the true value
ascertained, so that we may know exactly how
much is necessary to pay and how much we
will pay for this improvement. And next ses-
sion," if it commends itself to our judgment,
let us go on knowing exactly what it is to cost.
It will take six months at least to arrange the
preliminaries in this matter, and when at the
end of six months or a little more we come
together again, we will be in a condition to
see what has been the prosperity of the coun-
try, and what is best for us to do in this large
expediture.
Mr. POLAND. I would like to ask. the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butleb]
a legal question. How is he going to institute
and carry out proceedings for the condemna-
tion of land bctore he takes it?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Pardon
me. I have not said any thing about taking it.
I have talked about paying for it, which is an
entirely different question. All railroads take
land and then settle the question as to the pay
afterward when the amount, is determined.
Now, I want the Committee on the Public
Lands to report a law providing for tile ap-
puusement of the land, so that we may ascer-
tain how much it will cost us, and who has
the title. We will then know whom and how
much we have to pay, ami if, on seeing just
what it is going to cost us, we think right to
do so, we can then vote to pay for it and take
possession of it for the use of the Capitol.
Mr. POTTER. I have been absent, Mr.
Chairman, during most of the debate on this
Senate amendment, and, without fully appre-
hending the details of the proposition under
discussion, desire now to occupy a moment in
which to say that while I entirely appreciate
the importance of avoiding unnecessary public
expenditures, and particularly of avoiding
them at this time, it does seem to me that if
there is any expenditure in this city on the
part of the Government which would be
proper, and which the country can afford, it
is an expenditure for finishing the grounds
about this Capitol. It has been my fortune,
sir, to see most of the great public buildings of
Europe, and I agree with my colleague on my
left [.Mr. Roosevelt] in thinking that the
Capitol of the United States is, in its dimen-
sions and character and beauty, a building
worthy of this great Republic. And if it was
right to spend so many millions of money for
erecting on this hill this magnificent structure,
surely, because of that eternal fitness of things
which must prevail everywhere, it is also
becoming and proper that the grounds about
it should be decently completed and made
respectable.
It has been a subject of regret, I think, to
any man who had any eye or any regard for fit-
ness and propriety, to see the shabby and un-
finished condition in which the grounds around
this Capitol have been left almost ever since
the buildings were constructed. I am glad
they are now approaching completion, and for
myself, I shall conceive it wholly within my
duty to support any measure which will pro-
vide that by suitable extensions and expendi-
tures these ground are completed, and made
worthy of tlie Capitol which they surround.
Sometime or other we must do this. The
longer it is put off the greater will be the cost
to the Government, and the wiser therefore the
economy of doing now that which ought to be
done, and must ultimately be done, and which
a nation so rich and prosperous as this can so
amply afford to do without further delay.
Mr. POLAND. I do not precisely under-
stand what the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] means by his proposition upon
this subject. If I understand the provision in
the bill, it proposes precisely what the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts says we ought
to do.
Many years ago, as far back as 1861, a com-
mission was appointed who appraised all the
lots of these two squares; and it is said that
a portion of their appraisal was very much
Jess than the appraisal of the assessors in this
district for taxing purposes, which 1 suppose
is here as in other places, less than the actual
value. The bill provides that the Secretary
of the Interior shall not by agreement pay
more for these lands than the appraisal, and
that if the owners will not take that appraise-
ment, then he shall go on by certain proceed-
ings in the courts to have the land-condemned.
Now, my friend from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Butler.] if I understand him aright, desires
that there shall beacondemnationofthese lands
before we take them. So far as 1 understand
the legal proceeding by which you condemn a
man's land, and take it against his will, at a
valuation fixed bv somebody, you cannot take
it until you have instituted legal^ proceedings
for its condemnation. And before anjthmg
of the kind can be done which the gentleman
sajs ought to be done here, we must proceed
precisely in the manner which this bill orders.
,\lr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 he hill
makes tins piovision:
In -dl eases as soon as the United States shall hove
paid the compensation assessed, or secured its pay-
ment bv a deposit of money, under the order oi tile
coui t, possession of the property may be taKen.
Mr. POL A N D. I am not aware, Mr. Chair-
man, that it has ever been provided in this
