586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
of the peace or notary public, &c. X never voted a
secession ticket, nor ever entered the confederate
service until forced to do so by the abominable con-
script law. General, will you do me the kindness to
assist me in getting a pardon, or my disabilities re-
moved, for X think it very probable that I will be a
candidate for the Legislature in this district at the
next election, provided X can get my disabilities re-
moved in time ? I am well aware of the fact that
you have a great deal of influence in both Houses
of Congress, and with the President. "You know me,
from the fact that you and my father, James 'fruit,
were always very intimate friends, and always pulled
together in the Legislature of Texas when you were
both members of the senate. Anything you may bo
pleased to do in my behalf will be duly appreciated,
and should the time ever come for me to aid or assist
you in any way, manner, shape, or form, I am at your
service. Should it be necessary, I can send up a
petition in my behalf from the best and most loyal
citizens in Shelby county.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
L. M. TRUIT,
or LEVI MARION TRUIT.
General J. W. Flanagan.
_ Mr. FLANAGAN". I merely call the atten-
tion of the Senate to these letters for the pur-
pose of showing that we are acting upon the
liberal line. The last read I introduce some-
what for the purpose of showing that my dis-
tinguished friend from Nevada, [Mr. Nyu,]
though he does not live very nigh, [laughter,]
understands very well the true features of the
citizens of the South. He represents them
properly. The friend who wrote that letter—I
so call him because he claims me as a friend—I
know to be agood young man, of a good, peace-
able family. lie (lid not vote for secession.
Such a party as he is I would always fondly
respond to, and ask in good faith, in perfect
honesty and sincerity, that he be relieved.
But. upon this occasion I do not propose
invidiously to say that no other party shall
be. I wish to be as liberal, being from the
South and of the South, as my northern friends
dare bo.
Therefore, I propose to vote broadly and
unqualifiedly for the general bill with the
exceptions therein contained, and upon those
exceptions I base my action in the premises.
There are men within the limits of the late
southern confederacy that I am unwilling to
vote to relieve. I could not vote to relieve
Mr. Davis. There are some lew gentlemen—■
one I know who was a member of one of ihe
secession conventions—-that [ shall ask you to
relieve after the passage of this bill. I will
not offer that proposition, however, at this
time. 1 will let his ease go upon its merits.
He. was in very bad company, and we must
hold him, I think, for further action.
.Now, sir. be it remembered that Jefferson
Davis is living. Ho is not numbered with the
dead. I think I understand the spirit of the
South. I think 1 comprehend to some extent
(for (he man does not live who does compre-
hend to the whole extent) the intention of the
Democrats ofthe country. If'the disabilities of
Jefferson Davis were removed, the Democrats
would not fiud it necessary to ask the Congress
of the United States to incorporate an addi-
tional amendment in the fundamental law to
enable them to go broadcast throughout the
civilized world to lind candidates for the Pres-
idency and Vice Presidency. No, sir; they
would go_no further than Jefferson Davis.
There is the great Greeley himself—a name
that 1 love, because he was in his early life so
devoted a friend to the great Kentuckian,
Henry Clay. He was a true Whig. I loved
bim in those days, and I love their recollection
at this. Horace Greeley went down to Rich-
mond when Mr. Davis was upon trial, and
voluntarily became his bondsman. I know
not, nor do I care, what the promptings may
have been that caused him to act as he did;
but when he put the bell upon Jefferson Davis
upon that occasion, with the idea, perhaps,
that Davis would follow him, he was decidedly
in error, because if there be any following the
one after the other, Horace will have to follow
the bell upon Jefferson Davis. [Laughter.]
That will be the result unmistakably. Put
them upon an equality, and Horace will be
ignored. He will have to stand to the right
or the left or far in the rear ; he will never be
promoted by the action of Jefferson Davis,
because he is for himself. Why, sir, when the
"new departure" was spoken of, as suggested
by the great and lamented Vallandigham, the
northern Democracy were ready to follow after
that idol of theirs, and consistently, too—any-
thing for success—but Jeff. Davis could not
indorse that, because it ignored him forever;
and therefore the sons of the South, the
Democracy at large there, repudiated that idea,
and they would not come up and accept any
such proposition.
Now, sir, I ask whether the great Repub-
lican party can afford to go thus far? I main-
tain that they dare not do so. If their acts
heretofore upon the subject of reconstruction
were correct, wherein are they wrong to-day ?
Is not the same spirit abroad in the South now
as heretofore? If so, it would be a clear
acknowledgment to the world that they were
then in error. If they were, and thus conclude,
surely it would be praiseworthy for them thus
to act. Can they afford it? I think not. The
papers that I have had read here afford clear
evidence to my mind, because they speak of
occurrences particularly in my neighborhood.
I regret most earnestly that such are the facts.
They are not to be gainsaid, however. Sir,
who are they who are roaming about that State
to the number of hundreds doing deeds of vio-
lence? Are they Republicans ? My word for
it, there is not a Republican in one of those
organizations. Whence come they ? Who are
they? Where are they to be placed ? Rebels.
It' so, win you stop there? No. They were,
directly after the failure of the southern rebel-
lion, Conservatives, begging the question ; but
now, in my humble opinion, there is not a
Conservative within the State of Texas; they are
unqualified, unmistakable Democrats. Why?
Because they think they have the sympathies
of the northern Democracy.
We are told that the President of the Uni
ted States has said the time has come for gen-
eral amnesty. He does not, however, go
unqualifiedly the length that is demanded
here, on the part of whom ? On the part of
the Democrats. They have ever been for
amnesty. They have ever said that the recon-
struction laws were tyrannical and unconstitu-
tional. Everything that could be arrayed and
said against the action of the Government of
the United States, tlioy have arrayed and said.
Is it expected of us to do anything that tliey
will indorse? As an instance of that, to show
you that they cannot bo satisfied, I desire to
refer you very briefly to some very able re-
marks of my distinguished friend, for such I
place him, and am happy to recognize him,
and he, too, a Democrat, the elder Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Thuiiman,] who is not now
in his seat—l wish he were here. In his very
able argument the day before yesterday, in dis-
cussing this question, he said:
"So much for that, Mr. President. But I must
confess that 1 am again at a loss to comprehend the
course ofthe Senator."
Alluding to the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
moktox.] ' l
"My Radical friends, X begin to think, will have to
ffo mto a new election of what in the Gorman infan-
try is callod a fugleman, some one to take the load
and show how the thing is to bo done. The Senator
Irom iudiana spoaks hero this morning the key-note
oi the campaign; butlo! and behold thai key-note
is, in effect, a denunciation of the President and of
the 1 resident's message which substantially recom-
mends this very bill."
llerc is tho President saying that the time for
amnesty has come. The President said in 186S, "Let
us have peace," but we found no peace. There were
some of us who thought ho has not lived up to that
declaration. IIowasmauguratedinMareh,1869. and
I860 passed away, and if wo credit fiadical state-
ments we had no peace. And certainly we saw very
littlo on the part of tho President that tended to
promote an era of peace and good will. The year
18(0 passed by without any act or recommendation
of tho President to encourage the hope that we were
at last to have peace. Then came 1371: and finally,
at the close of that year in his annual message to
Congress, for tile fiist. tune we have something prac-
tical in tho way of " Lot lis have peace." It was
contained m tho President's recommendation to
pass the amnesty bill. It informed us that at last
the time had come, and although I think some of
the reasons that he gave for his recommendation are
not exactlyof the soundest and are not a little un-
gracious, I will " cot looka gift horse in the mouth."
He recommended amnesty. He said the time had
come to " Let us have peace."
Upon this I must briefly remark, and I regret
that the Senator is not in his seat, "Out of the
abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh."
What says my distinguished friend here? Of
what was he thinking at the time ?
"My Radical friends. I begin to think, will have
to go into a new election of what in the German
infantry is called a fugleman."
Now, I propose to show to my friend from
Ohio that we are situated to-day unlike him.
Perhaps the issue will not be raised, and I
certainly would not wish to be invidious to the
prejudice of any other distinguished gentleman
in the Democratic ranks in the Senate; but I
think the Senator might well perhaps be termed
tho fugleman of the Democratic party in the
Senate to-day. The great Republican party
are not permitted to do what this remark fore-
shadows, particularly when taken into asso-
ciation with the proposition now before the -
Congress of the United States, to add an addi-
tional article to the Constitution authorizing
us to go to Germany, of which the Senator
speaks, Russia, Prussia, or elsewhere, to find
a standard-bearer for the Democracy. No,
sir. We have a proud standard-bearer who
has well borne up the stars and stripes at the
Appomattox apple-tree, at Vieksburg, and
wherever he has been placed; and since he
has been seated in the White House be has
acquitted himself well. Thousands and thou-
sands have been after him, just as they go
hunting in my great State. We have many
deer, we have much game there, and we have
many hounds to get them up, and we have our
shots, fine shots, all around at various stands,
and as the noble animal rnns the country, with
his great horns extended a great distance to the
right and to the left, every little fellow takes
a pop at him, some with squirrel shot, some
with mustard-seed, if you please, and some of
them with a pretty heavy load. [Laughter.]
There is no doubt about that. They chime in
upon all parts of the ground. If he escapes
upon that occasion they all get together, blow
their horns, call the huntsmen in, and say,
" Well, he has beaten us; he has outrun us;
he has made his escape; we must have him,
however; we will hunt him down." And so, '
in the case of the President, the huntsmen
say, " VV"e will find him in New York ; we will
go into bis strong thicket there, and if we are
not able to get him there, we will quarter him
elsewhere." He is to bo quartered, because
he is in the way here. [Laughter.] That is
all very well; but we have hira and we rely
upon him. We are perfectly satisfied to stand
by him. We ask not a change in the Consti-
tution so as to permit a German or Russian
or any other foreigner to be President.
Mr. President, I am an American, and I
thank my God that such is the case, and I do
not want to go out of' the United States for a
candidate for the Presidency or the Vice
Pi'esidency. I want to adhere to the sound
old doctrine that ''Americans shall rule
America." I want no foreigner to come here
to rule me. I have some of the pride that
was inculcated in my early life when I was
a school-boy. One of the first books that
was placed jn my hands as a school-boy was
Weems's Life ot Washington, and in that I
learned the simple dialogue, if you please to
call it such, between General Braddock and
the then stripling of my own native State,
Washington. He was a colonel, I believe, in
the^ colonial army, leading the Virginians
against the French and Indians, while General
Braddock was the leader of the British forces.
Colonel Washington, as he was 011 that occa-
sion, remarked that the warfare, the course
pursued by General Braddock, was dangerous.
u High time," was the reply, ufor an American
