2878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
country; either by Congress or by any State
Legislature, that you may take a man's prop-
erty and take possession of it until you do pay
him for it. I, for one, will never vote for a
bill allowing you to take a man's property
from him until you pay him compensation
for it. Now, Mr. Chairman, I desire to say
another word.
Mr. HOAR. The gentleman will allow me
to state that in Massachusetts, in the case of
highways, railroads, and school-houses, it is
the universal practice to take the lands before
payment is actually made.
Mr. POLAND. I will not enter into any
controversy in relation to the law of my State.
If gentlemen know better what it is than I do,
they are welcome to their knowledge.
There was another suggestion which the
gentleman made which I desire to answer, and
that is in reference to something the Senate
has done with regard to some pension bills.
Now, if you are never to pass this measure or
any other in this House until everybody here
is satisfied with what the Senate does in rela-
tation to all other measures, I apprehend very
few bills will ever get through. If the gentle-
man from Massachusetts should be satisfied
with the action of the Senate in relation to the
pension bills, I do not think his ingenuity
■would be at tanlt to find something else that
he could object to in the action of the Senate,
and the gentleman or somebody else who may
be his successor, or the successor of some of
the rest of us may always find a valid excuse
for opposing this measure.
Having said this much, I desire to say a word
111 regard to the proposition itself. It seems
to me that, with the amount of money ex-
pended upon this national Capitol, to leave
to private ownership grounds within ten rods
of the Capitol itself, and private grounds so
occupied as has been stated by the gentle-
man from New York, is a burning shame,
and that it would not be allowed anywhere
else. There is on the face of it a niggardly
parsimony in allowing private grounds to come
within ten rods of a national building which
has cost so many millions as this has.
Mr. W.R.ROBERTS. I desire to say only
a few words in relation to this matter. It
strikes me as being very extraordinary, indeed,
that a proposition should be presented here
asking so large an appropriation for beautify-
ing the surroundings of the Capitol, when we
remember that it was only a few days ago
that another bill was introduced giving away
a large portion of the grounds, that was origin
ally intended and appropriated for a public
park, for the purpose of erecting a railroad
depot thereon.
One of the excuses, or rather the chief argu-
ment urged on behalf of that bill by those who
fought for it here day after day, obstructing
the legitimate legislation of the country in
order that it might be carried through at all
hazards, was that we would never require the
grounds for a public park, as it would cost
too much, and the location whereon stands
the unfinished monument to the memory of
Washington is mostly occupied by old wood-
sheds, shanties, and cow-pens, to the great
disgrace of Congress and of the entire nation
which permits sacli things to exist. And now,
after voting away a valuable square in the very
heart of the intended park without one dollar
of remuneration, and chiefly on the plea that
we did not want any more pleasure-grounds
than we had already, we are asked to ap-
propriate §500,000 as the iirst installment
toward the purchase of two squares near the
Capitol. This seems to me a most extraor-
dinary proceeding. We give land away to a
railroad as a gift on the ground that we did
not want a park, and now after doing this,
we conclude, or at least are I fear about to
do so, that we want a park, and must purchase
at an enormous price adjacent grounds for that
purpose.
Another objection I have to the purchase is
that we have no definite idea of how much this
addition to the present park will ultimately
cost the nation. We are asked for §500,000.
Now, the next Congress will in all likelihood
be asked for as much more, and God only
knows where or when the costs will end; for
when once the nation's purse-strings are
unloosed we know by a sad and costly expe-
rience that it requires a desperate national
effort to draw them tight again.
Sir, I oppose this appropriation at this time
when the nation can ill afford to expend its
money even in beautifying the Capitol of the
nation. Let us beautify the grounds we have
first, and the time will arrive when we can
afford to purchase more land for the extension
of the public grounds. I oppose the amend-
ment and hope it will not pass.
Mr. HIBBARD. I desire to ascertain
whether the adoption of the amendment moved
by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman]
will defeat the object of the amendment of the
Senate. For the purpose of ascertaining that
fact I will call upon the gentleman from the
District of Columbia [Mr. Chipman] to in-
form the Committee of the Whole in regard to
the probable expense of successfully carrying
out the proposition iuvolved in the Senate
amendment.
Mr. CHIPMAN. In reply to the gentle-_
man from New Hampshire [Mr. HibbardJ
I will state that when in 1861 Congress author-
ized a commission to assess the value of these
two squares of ground, that commission was
composed of ten of our most eminent citizens,
whose leanings, if they had any at all, were
in favor of our own people. They reported
the value of the property at $417,574 90. The
then district attorney reported to Congress
that $500,000 would be ample to purchase
these two squares and to complete the adorn-
ment of the grounds surrounding the Capitol.
The improvements upon those squares are
worth $150,000, which would reduce the total
cost, and would go to the adornment of the
Capitol grounds. Under our present District
government the valuation of those grounds, for
purposes of taxation, is now $378,481.
Mr. DAWES. It has been stated here that
this is precisely the same proposition which
was attached by the Senate to the appropri-
ation bill of last year.
Mr. PETERS. It is not the same.
Mr. DAWES. I see it is not, but it has
been so stated. I would like to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman to that difference, and I
wish to ask his opinion as a lawyer upon the
effect of that difference. The amendment of
the Senate last year provided for an appeal to
a jury by any dissatisfied owner of real estate ;
I see that that provision is left out of this
amendment. I would inquire of the gentle-
man if he thinks it is possible to take away
this property without a trial by jury.
Mr. CHIPMAN. I understand this amend-
ment allows the owner of the property to go
to court in case an agreement is not arrived
at by the commissioners mentioned in the
amendment.
Mr. DAWES. That is not the question, as
to where this amendment allows the owners
of the property to go. The question is, whether
the- gentleman thinks this property can be
taken from the owners without a trial by iurv.
Mr. CHIPMAN. I think the owners will
consent 
Mr. DAWES. That, is not the question. I
know if they consent to have it taken away
from them it can be taken away from them
without any action of the court,. But what I
want to know is, if any of them are dissatisfied
with the award of these commissioners, does
the gentleman think, as a lawyer, that this
property can be taken from them without a
jury?-
Mr. CHIPMAN. This Government
sesses the right of eminent domain.
Mr. DAWES. I know that. Butlaskthe
gentleman as a lawyer if he thinks they can
pos-
take his farm, for instance, without his con-
sent and without the intervention of a jury ?
Mr. CHIPMAN. I think so. I know the
United States have seized millions of property
which is being paid for by the Court of Claims
without jury. But this bill does not deprive
the owners of property from having a jury.
The bill sends them to the court, and when
there, they can have the jury under general
provisions of law.
Mr. DAWES. I differ with the gentleman.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the gentleman
question the correctness of the opinion of the
gentleman from the District of Columbia?
Mr. DAWES. 1 certainly have an impres-
sion to the contrary ; I think there is some-
thing in the Constitution about it.
Mr. HTBBART). I move to amend the
amendment, of the gentleman from Indiana
so as to increase the amount to $450,000.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Hibbard, and it was not agreed
to, upon a division—ayes 45, noes 84.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Holman, and on a divis-
on there were—ayes 50, noes 72.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Holman
and Mr. Sargent were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tell-
ers reported that there were—ayes 62, noes 71.
So the amendment moved by Mr. Holman
was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of the Senate as amended.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I desire to pro-
pose an amendment to the amendment which
was adopted on motion of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [ilr. Banks.] I have
drawn up this amendment in consultation with
him, and I believe it is satisfactory to him. I
move to amend his amendment by inserting
after the words "authorized and dirpcted "
the words "within six months from the term-
ination of the present session of Congress
so that his amendment, if so amended, will
read :
And the Commissioner of Public Buildinra and
Grounds shall be, and hereby is, authorized and
directed, within six months from the termination
of the present session of Congress, to cause tue
removal of the locomotive railway track in front
of the west entrance of the Capitol, &e.
Mr. BANKS. I have no objection to that.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objec-
tion, the amendment will be considered as
agreed to.
There was no objection ; and the amendment
was adopted.
The question then recurred on concurring in
the amendment of the Senate as amended.
Mr. KELLOGG. I move futther to amend
the Senate amendment by inserting after the
word " necessary," in line sixteen of section
nine, the words " not exceeding $500,000."
Mr. HOLMAN, I move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Connecti-
cut [Mr. Kellogg] by striking out "five hun-
dred thousand" and inserting •' four hundred
thousand."
On agreeing to the amendment there were—
ayes 47, noes 54 ; no quorum voting.
Teljers were ordered ; and Mr. IIolmax and
Mr. Kellogg were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 78, noes 56.
So Mr. Holman's amendment to the amend-
ment was agreed to.
^ The question recurring on agreeing to Mr.
Kellogg's amendment as amended, it was
agreed to.
I lie Senate amendment, as amended, was
then concurred in ; there being—ayes' 110,
noes 32.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by add-
ing the lollowing at the end of secti' n nine:
Provided, howevrr^ That this appropriation is mil do
oil the express condition that no railroad shall bo
