534
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 31.,
Senate.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Schurz.
42d Cong....2d Bess.
letter to the Ordnanoe Bureau at Washington,
(page 108:)
Sale of Springfield breech-loaders, model of 1866,
and ammunition.
Office op United States Ordnance Agency,
Corner Houston and Greene Streets,
(Entrance on Greene,) P. 0. Box 1811,
New York City, December 10,1871.
SrR: You will please ascertain and inform Major
Crispin by telegraph on Monday next as follows,
namely:
Within what time five thousand Springfield
breech-loading, model of 1866, with two hundred
rounds of ammunition, can be delivered in New
York ?
Within what time ten thousand breech-loading,
model 1866, with two hundred and fifty rounds of
ammunition, can be delivered ?
Within what time twenty thousand, with ammuni-
tion, can be delivered?
What number, with ammunition, can be delivered?
Reply in cipher, using this key :
Five thousand muskets and ammunition, A.
One thousand muskets and ammunition, B.
Twenty thousand muskets and ammunition, C.
To express the total number of muskets, with
ammunition, that can be delivered, and the time in
days within which the deliveries can be made, use
the following cipher, namely."
I will not read the cipher signed UA. B.
Dyer, chief of ordnance, Washington, D. C."
In reply Colonel Ben6t, in charge of the
Ordnance Bureau at Washington during Gen-
eral Dyer's absence, sent a statement of the
number of arms and the quantity of ammuni-
tion that might be had for sale. General
Dyer then addressed the following letter to
Colonel Ben6t, (page 109:)
Office of United States Ordnance Agency,
Corner Houston and Gueknk Streets,
(-Entrance on Greene,) P. 0. Box 1811,
New York City, December 12,1870.
t Sir: Your answer of yesterday by mail to my
cipher dispatch of the 10th instant, in relation to
Springfield breech-loading muskets, model 1866, is
received. I find that ail the muskets of this model,
or any portion of them, can be sold at our price,
(cost,) provided four hundred cartridges per gun
can be furnished with them.
As these guns are of obsolete pattern, and the
troops are anxious to obtain the model 1868, it
would seem that we should sell as many of these
muskets as we can, and as it is vital that in order
to do it that ammunition should be furnished, we
might very properly labricate it to go with them,
(to be sold at its full value,) but this cannot be done
without tho full knowledge and approval of the
Secretary of War.
You will please learn from him, and inform me,
whether he will authorize ammunition to be made
at Frankford and sold wilh the arms, and should he
authonze it, direct the commanding officer of Frank-
ford arsenal at once to increase the manufacture
oi cartridges to tho extont of the capacity of the
arsenal.
You can explain to the Secretary why it is desir-
able that all of the 1866 model muskets should be
3<>ld, and that only so many as we can furnish ammu-
nition for can be sold.
I may leave for Springfield armory to-morrow
ni^ht. Advise mo to-morrow forenoon by telegraph
of the result of your interview with the Secretary,
and should he approve tho sale, have all of tho
unserviceable muskets of 1866 model ordered to
Springfield armory to be repaired, and take meas-
ures to call in the muskets of this model which are
now in the hands of the troops, and replace them
by muskets of the 1868 model.
Those calledinshould be sent to NewYorkagency.
If an exchange of fifteon to twenty thousand or
more of these muskets, now in the hands of troops,
for nn equal number of Remington arms could be
made by the Department, it is worthy of considera-
tion whether it is nut desirable that it should be
done, especially in view of tho recommendations
of the board of which Major General Schofield
was president, and of the admitted excellence of
the Remington system, and of the fact that the same
cartridge canbo u^ed in the Remington andSpring-
field standard muskets.
The question oi exchange is more especially to be
considered, <?s it is not deemed best to materially
deplete our prosent limited supply of breech-load-
ers, even of inferior models, to extent below the
present quantity. If a sale is made and not an
exchange, the moneys will of course go into the
public Treasury, and not be available for the fabri-
cation or purchase of arms.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
A.B.DYER.
Chief of Ordnance, United States Army.
Lieutenant Colonel S. B. Bsxfrr,
Ordnance Office* Washington, D. O.
Approved:
December 13,1870.
WM. W.BELKNAP,
Secretary of War.
The minority report proceeds :
"In reply, Colonel Ben6tannounced that the ap-
proval of the Secretary of War, except as to tho pro-
posed exchange, had been secured, and that the
ammunition had been ordered to be made. The arms
were at once ordered to be sent to New York from
all parts of the country by speediest means of con-
veyance, (see telegrams,) and the troops were ordered
to deliver them up.
" On December 16General Dyer, still at New York
authorized the sale of arms by Colonel Crispin, at
twenty-one dollars cash, and also ammunition, at
thirty-five dollars per thousand.
" On December 29 a letter was received from Mr.
Thomas Richardson, offering to buy the arms at
established prices. General Dyer and Colonel Cris-
pin both testify that they never saw Mr. Richardson
until a long time afterward. In his testimony, Gen-
eral Dyer made the following statement:
"Question. Did you sell a lot of breech-loading
muskets to one Thomas Richardson ?
"Answer. A lot of breech-loading muskets was
sold, aud, I believe, to one Thomas Richardson. I
saw from the report that he was the purchaser. Who
he was I did not know.
" Question. Did you see him ?
" Answer. I never saw him.
"Question. Was any public notice given thirty
days before the sale of those breech-loading arms
took place, that that kind of arms were to be sold ?
"Answer. Of some of the breech-loading arms
there was.
"Question. Is the public notice on the records of
the Department?
"Answer. I presume so.
"Question. The breech-loading muskets sold to
Richardson were of Allen's patent of 1866, were they
not?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. Have you the original of the bid which
was sent in by ThomasRiehardson?
"Answer. It may be in the office. As I said before,
the sale of those arms was made by the officer in
New York, Major Crispin, and I did not know to
whom they were sold. He had my authority to sell
those 1866 model arms at a particular price. After
I gave that order I made no further inquiry, and I
did not know until after the sale had been made
who was the purchaser.
"Question. The bids for the arms would regularly
come to the Ordnance Bureau, would they not?
"Answer. No; they were with him.
" Question. Dd the Ordnace Bureau inquire who
were the bidders for those arms, so as to ascertain
whether there were agents of any of the belligerent
Powers among them?
"Answer. Itdidnot. That was left entirely to the
officer making the sale.
" Question. In the case where Richardson bought
those breech-loading arms, were there any sealed
bids invited?
" Answer. Not that I am aware of. As I told you,
I knew nothing whatever about the sale ef those
arms. The last thing that I did in regard to it was
to authorize the sale at the established prices. I had
fixed the prices.
" Question. Who urged that the cartridges should
bo manufactured ?
"Answer. I do not remember who. I think, in
conversation with Major Crispin, we concluded that
if ammunition could be furnished with those guns
we could find a sale for them. I knew we had no
such ammunition on hand. I considered it desira-
ble to get rid of tho guns on the best terms we could,
and thought it would be good policy to furnish the
ammunition, just as we would put guns in order.
" This would convey the impression that General
Dyer, when he resolved upon the sale of the breech-
loading muskets and had them ordered in from all
parts of the country, and even from the hands of the
troops,and when cartridges were ordered to be manu-
factured to accompany the arms, had no particular
purchase atallinview. But in his letter of Decem-
ber 12, 1870, we find the following statement: 'I
find that all the muskets of this model, or any por-
tion of them, can be sold atour price, providedfour
hundred cartridges per gun < an be furnished with
them. You can explain to the Secretary why it is
desirable that all of the '66 model muskets should be
sold, and that only so many as we can furnish for can
be sold.
"From this it appears that the purchaser had
already been found, and that this purchaser insisted
upon a certain quantity of ammunition to accom-
pany the guns. Who was this purchaser? There is
a letter in evidence addressed by Mr. Remington to
Mr. Le Cesne, president of the commission of arma-
ment in Franco. Tho authenticity of this letter has
not been questioned. It is dated at New York,
December 13,1870. Mr. Remington was at the time
in that city. In that letter Mr. Remington says:
' Regarding the purchase of Sprin-gfields, trans-
formed, Allen system, I am sorry to say the great-
est number we may hope to get will not, I fear,
exceed forty thousand. The Government have never
made butabout seventy-five thousand, all told, and
forty thousand is the greatest number they think it
prudent to spare. I may be able to procure, depend-
ing upon an exchange of our arms at some future
time, for the number of breech-loading Springfields
over and above the forty thousand they are willing to
let go now. This question of an exchange, with the
very friendly feeling I find existing to aid France, I
hope to be able to procure. More cartridges for these
forty thousand will, in a great measure, require to
be made, as the Government have not above three
million on hand. But the Government has con-
sented to allow the requisite number, four hundred
for each gun, to be made, and the cartridge-works
have had orders (given yesterday) to increase pro-
duction to full capacity of works. This question of
making cartridges at Government works was a diffi-
cult one to get over, but it is done. Tho price the
Government will charge for the gun and cartridges
will be cost, or as near that as possible. The forty
thousand guns cannot all be shipped immediately,
as they are distributed in the various arsenals
throughout the country. The chief of ordnance
thinks it may take twenty or thirty days before all
would be brought in,
"We find between this letter and that addressed by
General Dyer to Colonel BenSt on the previous day,
a singular correspondence: an offer to purchase all
the Springfield breech-loaders that can be had; the
cartridges which must accompany the guns in each
letter stated exactly at four hundred rounds per
gun; the cartridges to be manufactured in the Gov-
ernment workshops, and that the production must
be increased to the full capacity of the works; the
exchange with Remington arms to be effected at
some future time; the price of arms to be cost.
"Colonel BenStinformsGeneral Dyer by telegraph
of the approval of tho proposition by the Secretary
of War, (page 110,) that the ammunition had been
ordered*to be made, and that General Dyer's wishes
were fully carried out. And onthesameday, Decem-
ber 13, Mr. Remington writes the same information
to Mr. Le Cesne. What a wonderful coincidence
between Dyer's dispatches and Remington's letterl
"Was Goneral Dyer at New York in direct com-
munication with Mr.Remington? He testifies as
follows: <
"Question. When you were in New York about
December 19,1870, when the order was given that
these breech-loading arms were to be sold, did you
see either Remington or Squire there ?
" Ansioer, I have no recollection of it.
"But other witnesses did have a recollection of it.
Colonel Crispin testifies as follows, (page 194:)
" Question. Was not General Dyer there, according
to his correspondence, on the9th of December, 1870?
"Answer. He was there when his correspondence
was written. His letter of instruction to me was
dated m my office.
" Question. Did he have any intercourse with Col-
onel Squire?
"Answer. I do not think he did at that time. That
is my impression, but I will not speak positively.
M Question. You never saw them together?
"Answer. Icannotsay thatatthattimelsaw them
together.
"Question. At what time did you see them to-
gether?
"Anstoer. Ihave seen them together herein Wash-
ington, I do not recollect at present where. I saw
them together in New York.
" Question. Did you see Mr. Remington there
aboutthat time ?
"Answer. I saw Mr. Remington there,
"Question. Did you see General Dyer in inter-
course with him ?
" Ansxoer. I have seen them together.
" Question. That was about the 9th or 10th of
December, 1870 ?
"Answer. I cannot say positively what was the
time they were together. I do not recollect. I
simply know by the date of the correspondence.
W hether General Dyer was there on the 9th or 10th,
I have forgotten.
" Question. General Dyer was in your office at that
time frequently ?
Answer. He was in New York only twice. I
said in my testimony before the House committee
once or twice; I think it was twice.
" Question. I mean aboutthe time that correspond-
ence took place with regard to the breech-loading
rifles, in December, 1870 ?
"Answer. He was in New York at that time.
" Question. Did you hear anything said about the
manufacturing of cartridges?
"Answer. I did not listen attentively to the con-
versation which was occurring between them.
" Question. Between whom?
"Answer. Between Mr. Remington and General
Dyer, whom I said I saw together. I may haveover-
heardsome conversation as to that subjeot; lean-
not be positive.
"Question. As to manufacturing cartridges?
Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. You say you may have heard some
conversation about the manufacturing of cartridges?
t Ansioer. Yes, sir.
"Question. You are not sure ?
Answer. I cannot be positive at this date what
the conversation exactly was. At that time I was
ve4£ykus.y in mv office, and so was my chief clerk.
Question. Was there not some conversation be-
tween them as to the propriety of selling the breech-
loading guns of the model of 1866, or whether they
could be sold, and how many could be sold ?
'Answer. I should not be surprised if such a con-
versation did take place; but it was one of those
evanescent things that made no impression on my
mind, so that I cannot state the facts distinct y.
" Question. Is it your impression that such a con-
versation occurred ?
"Answer. It is my impression that conversations
on these general subjects took place between Mr.
Remington and General Dyer."
