1482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I thought the gen-
tleman rose to correct me.
Mr. DAWES. Well, I did.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I said that this
amendment will take over four hundred thou-
sand dollars out of the Treasury, and he says
it will amount to $450,000.
Mr. DAWES. It is $450,000 that the Gov-
ernment of the United States now holds of
the wages of these poor men.
Mr. fARNSWORTH. We have paid to a
large number of men only the same wages
precisely that were paid to the eight-hour men
and who did ten hours' work everjr day.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman is mistaken
there.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We pay Peter five
dollars a day for ten hours' work, but the law
requires us to pay Paul ten dollars a day for
eight hours' work of the same kind. This is
an outrage, and you know it.
Mr. HOAR. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word.
The argument of the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farnsworth] proceeds, as it seems
to me, upon a total misconception of the
points which this law presents, and a total
ignorance of the history of this vei-y important
question in political economy and in social
affairs. Somewhere there is a limit at which
the highest degree of production from a day's
work stops. Formerly workmen worked
eighteen hours a day. Gradually the day's
work has been reduced to sixteen, fourteen,
twelve, and ter, hours. The workingmen of
the country claim that in a large number of
employments the work can be reduced to
eight hours a day without any diminution of
production. They asked the Government to
try that experiment for their relief, at the pub-
lic risk, and, sir, the Government has tried
that experiment in the arsenal at Springfield,
in the district of my colleague. The result has
shown, as proved by recent reports of the
foremen of Springfield armory, that eight
hours' labor a day will produce, year in and
year out, from skilled and industrious labor-
ers in that branch of mechanical employment,
more product to the Government than the ten
hours' system did.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then a six-hours,
system would produce still more.
Mr. HOAR. I decline to be interrupted.
Of course, there is a limit somewhere. The
House has called upon the Secretary of War
for the reports of the foremen in the Spring-
field armory, and those reports will show that
although you can carry this thing down too
far, yet that you have not yet reached the
proper level of diminution in a day's work
when you reduce the day's work from ten
hours to eight hours. It is not therefore pay-
ing A as much for eight hours' work as you
pay B for ten; it is paying A for the same
results accomplished by him in eight hours as
formerly in other days took sixteen or eighteen
hours to accomplish.
Now, sir, it is little which the laborers ask
of the Government, when they ask that in
their employment at the public charge this
experiment should be honestly and faithfully
tried.
Mr. DAWES. A single word. While what
my colleague [Mr. Hoar] has said is true 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 desire to in-
quire of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. IIoak] whether he thinks it is good
policy for the General Government to estab-
lish a system of hours of labor different from
thai established by private individuals, or by
the States?
Mr. HOAR. I think it is good policy for
the Ueneral Government to establish the best
system. Ana when the laborers of the coun-
try ask of us that we shall give th?m what they
can get from private establishments, I think it
is good policy for us to give a generous and
fair trial to the experiment.
•Mr. FARNSWORTH. The State of Illi-
nois has tried this eight-hour system, and it
has proved a failure.
Mr. HOAR. That is not the question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is a question
whether it is good policy on the part of the
General Government to establish a different
system of labor from that which is established
in the States.
Mr. HOAR. I think it is good policy to
establish the best system of labor.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to say only a word.
While what my colleague [Mr. Hoar] says
about the beneficial effect of this law is all
true, and it is a boon to the laborer, yet in
this case the laborer does not ask for any
boon; he asks simply for his rights, for his
day's wages as the law fixes them. And I
want to correct my friend from Illinois, [Mr.
Farnsworth,] who says that in some public
works they labor ten hours for a day's work.
That is a mistake; they labor eight hours for
a day's work, and then they work two hours
extra, for which they receive extra compen-
sation. But while this rule was held they
were cut down; they were neither permitted
to work ten hours a day nor to be paid a full
day's wages for eight hours' work.
My friend wants to know if it is proper to
establish this policy on the part of the Gov-
ernment. I want him to remember that the
policy is already established, and that here are
a lot of laborers who have lost one fifth of their
daily wages, and the Government has put it
into the Treasury. The fact that it amounts
to $450,000, and that we have obtained it
from the day's wages of these employes, is
no reason why this appropriation should not
be passed, but it is a reason why it should be
passed. The fact that we have taken this from
the laborer by an erroneous construction of
the law is a reason why we should make haste
to correct the mistake. I am sorry it is so
much. But it is a poor argument to say that
because by this erroneous construction of the
law we have got $450,000 from these day
laborers, therefore, that is a reason why we
shall hold on to it. Yet that is the argument
of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to otter an amend-
ment to the pending proposition which I think
is germane. I send it to the Clerk's desk, and
ask that it may be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
That the sum necessary to pay, in conformity with
the decision of the Supreme Court of the United
States, to the soldiers who were mustered into the
service of the United States for three years between
the 4th day of May and the 22d day of July, 1861,
and who wero honorably discharged and not enti-
tled to such bounty under existing laws, and to the
widows and children, in the order named, of such
as are deceased, the bounty of $100 contemplated in
the President's proclamation of May 3, 1861, and
ordors oi tho War Department of May, 1861, be, and
the same is heroby, appropriated.
Mr. DAWES. I make the point of order
that this is not germane to the pending propo-
sition. It will be in order after this has been
disposed of.
Mr. HOLMAN. It involves the same prin-
ciple as does the pending proposition.
Mr. DAWES. I know it does, but it is an
entirely different subject.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is compensation for ser-
vices rendered.
Mr. DAWES. I know that; but the rule
says there shall not be two separate, distinct
subjects in one proposition.
Mr. HOLMAN. If we pass this as a sep-
arate measure in conformity with the decision-
of the Supreme Court 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that
the proposition of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] is not germane to the pending
proposition.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, when this day's debate began 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the pending
amendment is exhausted.
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw the formal amend-
ment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I renew
it. Now, Mr. Chairman, I was about to say
that we commenced this day's discussion by
debating the question whether we should give
to a large corporation property worth a mil-
lion and a half or two million dollars for the
benefit of commerce, upon the ground that it
was necessary the Government should give this
aid to capital in trying an experiment. Cap-
ital has heretofore worked men thirteen, four-
teen, and sometimes sixteen hours a day. I.
can remember when the mills of New England
ran fourteen hours a day. That condition of
things has been gradually ameliorated. But
capital is thus far unwilling to try the great
experiment of make eight hours a day's work.
They want assistance in this direction from the
General Government precisely as commerce
wants assistance; precisely as the Pacific rail-
roads want assistance; precisely as any great
experiment in which the cupidity of capital
comes in needs assistance from the General
Government. The Congress of the United
States, with more or less wisdom, which we
need not now discuss, passed a law providing
that the experiment of eight hours for a day's
labor should be tried in the Government work-
shops, where the statistics could be ascertained
as to what was done in comparison with the
old system, where the whole question could be
determined for the benefit of capital and labor.
That system was inaugurated by the Gov-
ernment, but through some mistakes, some
misapprehensions, some little want of clear-
ness in the law, it was put in force in only a
portion of the yards and workshops of the
Government. Under these circumstances,
after the thing had gone on for some months,
the President of the United States issued his
proclamation declaring that eight hours should
be the rule in all the establishments of the
Government throughout the country. We are
not now considering the question whether that
was good policy or not. Congress having
passed a law to make this experiment for the
benefit of the laborer, the question now is
simply whether a portion of the wages of the
laborer withheld from him under a miscon-
struction of the law while the experiment was
being tried, was rightfully withheld.
Since I have been iu thts House I have heard
very many things about the good faith of the
Government, about the faith of the Govern-
ment being pledged to the bondholder and to
others. I have heard many speeches here in
advocacy of the position that the Government
should maintain its plighted faith. I now ask
this committee whether we shall not maintain
good faith with the laboring man ? We said
that wewould try this experiment as to whether
his condition would be ameliorated by the eight
hour system; and the question is whether in
consequence of a misconstruction of that law we
shall now take $500,000 out of the pockets of
the laborers while this experiment is being
tried?
Mr. HAWLEY. I wish to say a single word
on the question now before the committee, and
I would particularly call attention to the point
presented by this amendment. The question
is not whether the original passage of the eight-
hour law was wise or unwise. I believe it to
have been a wise policy and one to be adhered
to. But that is not the question now before
the committee. That law is now in force; it
is recognized by all the departments of the
Government. There has been no change in
the law since its original passage in 1868.
There was a period from the time of its pas-
sageuntil the issuing of the President's procla-
mation when in some of the Government work-
shops wages were not allowed according to the
true intent of that law, while in "other work-
shops the full legal pay was allowed. The
question now is simply whether the law is to
be enforced, whether laborers in a portion of
our public works are to receive full pay ac-
cording to the provisions of the law, while in
other places laborers for the Government shall
