18T2.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
535
42d Cons...2d Sess.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Schurz.
Senate.
Who was Mr. Remington? He wastheagent
of the French Government to whom, accord-
ing to the order of the "War Department, no
arms or ordnance stores should be sold on ac-
count of the neutral obligations of the United
States. And who was General Dyer? He was
the chief of ordnance in our War Department.
Now, considering that Colonel Crispin, to say
nothing of his high character, is a subordinate
of General Dyer, and cannot be inclined to
create impressions prejudicial to his chief,
seems to be conclusive as to General Dyer's
and Mr. Remington's personal conferences on
the subject of these guns and cartridges, and
there can be no reasonable doubt as to the
purchaser alluded to in General Dyer's letter,
who would take all the breech-loaders, with
four hundred rounds of ammunition per gun ;
and that purchaser was Mr. Remington himself.
The minority report of the Senator from
Kentucky continues:
44 Between the 13th and 19th of December, 1870, the
breech-loading Springfields, model of 1866, were
ordered to be sent forward to New York from all
parts of the country, (see telegrams, pages 807-809.)
and orders were issued to military officers to deliver
those still in the hands of troops.
*4 The manufacture of cartridges had also been
ordered atFrankford arsenal, all in accordance with
General Dyer's letter, corresponding with that of
Remington to Le Cesne. On the 19th, formal au-
thority to sell was given to Colonel Crispin at New
York, and at last, on December 29, appears the offer
to purchase all ttie breech-loading Springfields, .50
caliber, the Government would sell, at established
prices, by Thomas Richardson, dated at Ilion, (page
195.)
"Thomas Richardson confesses, in his testimony,
that he merely gave his name for the purchase of
breech-loaders and ammunition, which passed at
once into the hands of Remington. He remembers
nothing of the particulars of the bargain. He tes-
tifies that Mr. Smoot, a late lieutenant in the ord-
nance corps, who at the period of the sales in ques-
tion was in the employ and pay of Remington &
Sons, transacted business for him without any writ-
ten authority and without any power to conclude
purchases. He verbally authorizes Smoot to speak
lor him but a few days before he put in his offer for
the breech-loader.^ (December 19,) and Smoot, who
was also known as being in the employ of the Rem-
ingtons, was received by Colonel Crispin as Richard-
son s representative without any questions being
asked.
44 Colonel Crispin testifies that the only question
he asked about Richardson, when the name of the
latter appeared as a large purchaser of arms, was
addressed to Colonel Squire, Mr. Remington's
agent, whether Mr. Richardson was a member of
the Remington firm. Colonel Squire's reply being
in the negative, Colonel Crispin was satisfied, in
spite of all the surrounding circumstances, and the
transactions went on. The breech-loaders and am-
munition purchased in the name of Richardson
gassed, as soon as delivered, into Remington's
ands, and were shipped to France.
44 The testimony bearing upon this transaction
forces the conclusion upon our mind that Richard-
son's bid was put in as a blind to avoid the appear-
ance of a direct sale from the Ordnance Bureau to
Mr. Remington; that after all that had occurred
between General Dyer and Mr. Remington, in New
York, touching the breech-loading Springfield mus-
kets and ammunition, General Dyer could easily
have ascertained that Thomas Richardson was but
a cover to avoid the appearance of a direct sale
from the Ordnance Bureau to Mr. Remington."
Now, I ask, is there any member of the
committee or can there be any Senator who
has listened to this recital or who has studied
the testimony contained in this report and will
then gainsay the truthfulness of the assertion
that General Dyer and Mr. Remington did
transact this business in person? I therefore
affirm, on the strength of this testimony, that
the purchase of breech-loaders and cartridges
was negotiated directly between General Dyer
and Mr. Remington, between the chief of
ordnance and the French agent, in person, in
flagrant violation of the order of the War
Department, and no sane man can read the
evidence in this case without arriving at the
same conclusion.
Another case of similar import is that of
the Gatling guns, which I will lay before the
Senate in the language of the minority report:
"The circumstances surrounding the exchange
of Gatling guns with General Franklin, vice presi-
dent of the Colt's Arms Manufacturing Company,
at Hartford, Connecticut, are equally singular.
Sometime in December, 1870, Mr. Remington, or
his agent, whom he met in New York, told General
Franklin that the Government had certain Gatling
guns which he (Remington) hoped to be able to get,
(General Franklin's testimony, page 494.) and that
this oould be effected in the way of an exchange, if
the Colt's Arms Manufacturing Company would con-
sent to take nine Gatling guns then in the possession
of the Government, and to deliver in their place, to
the Government, nine Gatling guns of a superior
model. The Remingtons informed him that'such
a thing oould probably be done,' (testimony, page
495.)
"General Franklin went to Washington, saw Gen-
eral Dyer about it, and found General Dyer under-
stood the matter as the Remingtons had represented
it to him, (Franklin testimony, page751.) A contract
was made, accordingly, in the following language,
(page 622:)
Washington, D. C., December 30,1870.
General: The Colt's Arms Manufacturing Com-
pany will agree to receive from the United States
nine .50-caliber six-barrel Gatling guns, with car-
riages, and return the same number of guns and
carriages in six months from the date of the receipt
from the United States of the guns, Ac., the guns to
be returned to be fitted with improved extractors
and traversingmotion, if required. It is understood
that the carriages are to be made by the ordnance
department, at the expense of Colt's Arms Com-
pany.
Very respectfully, yours,
W. B. FRANKLIN,
Vice President and General Agent
Colt's Arms Company.
Major General A. B. Dyer,
Chief Ordnance, Washington, D. C.
" Thereupon General Dyer issued the following in-
structions to the ordnance agency at New York,
(page 623:)
Ordnance Office, War Department,
Washington, D. C., January 5,1871.
Sir: Upon the application of the Colt's Arms
Company you will make requisition upon Colonel
Hagner for the delivery to them of nine .50-cal-
iber Gatling guns and carriages on hand at the
Watervliet arsenal. This will be done upon thd
Colt's Arms Company depositing with you tho sum
of $14,400, and giving you a written agreement to
deliverat the Watervliet arsenal, free of cost to the
United States, within six mon ths from this date, the
same number of guns and carriages, tho guns to be
fitted with improved extractors of thelatestpattern,
and the carriages to have a traversing motion, it
being understood that the carriages are to be made
by the ordnance department at the Watervliet
arsenal, and at the expense of the Colt's Arms Man-
ufacturing Company, who, upon the fulfillment of
their agreement, are to receive from the United
States the difference between the amountdeposited,
(814,400,) and the cost of making the nine gun-car-
riagcs. The guns are to be inspected by an officer of
the ordnance department.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
A. B. DYER,
Chief of Ordnance, United Stale# Army.
P. S.—Tho agreement must be sent to this office.
S. V.B.
Commanding Officer, United State* Agency.
"General Franklin had a conversation with Gen-
eral Dyer about the deposit of $14,400 to be made,
but he did not make that deposit himself, nor did
he pay any attention to it. The deposit was made
by somebody,' without General Franklin's or the
company's action, lie acicd upon being advised
of it. lie thinks th£ deposit was made by the Rem-
ingtons, ' because there were no other people who
had the slightest interest in depositing $14,400 ex-
ccptthcRemingtons,' for the reason that the nine
Gatling guns were to be delivered to them, (page
753.) And yet General Franklin never exchanged a
word with the Remingtons about it, and the deposit
was made, (testimony, page 754.) That the Reming-
tons really made the deposit appears from their set-
tlement with Franklin, (page 723,) tho Remingtons
accounting for the amount of the deposit, minus the
cost of the gun-carriages manufactured at Water-
vliet arsenal. Neither General Franklin nor the
Gatling Gun Company, with whom the Colt's Arms
Manufacturing Company had business relations,
(page 754,) advi sed the Remingtons of the necessity
of making the deposit, the Remingtons must have
been advised by another party as to this matter,
and there was no other party interested but the
Ordnance Bureau.
" The nine Gatling guns were, according to con-
tract, delivered from Watervliet arsenal to General
Franklin, who repaired them for the Remingtons.
But the carriages of these guns not needing re-
pairs, General Franklin requested that instead of
being sent to Hartford, they r>e kept at Watervliet
arsenal, which was done. When General Franklin
had repaired the guns for the Remingtons ho for-
warded them to their address in New York.
44 To the carriages of those guns which had been
retained at Watervliet arsenal General Franklin
gave no further attention. He did not request that
they be forwardod, but they were sent to Colonel
Cii^pin,commanding officerof theordnance agency
at New York, and then found their way into the
hands of the Remingtons. The correspondence be-
fore the committee throws no light upon this matter.
General Franklin testifies that he understood the
carriages were sent to the address of the Reming-
tons at New York, bat has no positive knowledge.
Mr. McGowau testifies that be thinks the carriages
were delivered to Austin Baldwin & Co., in pursu-
ance of some verbal instructions from somebody.
But General Franklin positively denies that he
gave any instructions to that effect, or any instruc-
tions with regard to the delivery of the carriages at
all, and he is sure there was no other member of the
Colt's Arms Company through whom that business
went, (pages 755-756.) Certain it is, however, that,
without am' instructions being given about that
matter bv General Franklin, or any other member
of the Colt's Arms Company, the gun-carriages sent
from Watervliet arsenal to Colonel Crispin went into
the hands of the Remingtons, as accounted for by
them toGeneral Franklin,(page723.) General Frank-
lin further testifies, in answer to thequestion whether
he had any personal conversation with Dyer or
Crispin about it, that he thought it was 'generally
understood by everybody that he (Franklin) had
any business connection with in regard to this mat-
ter that the Remingtons were the people to whom
the guns were to be delivered,' (pages 495.) And fur-
ther: ' these nine guns that were got from Water-
vliet came to us without any instructions from any-
body, but I knew perfectly well all the time that
they were to go to the Remingtons, although there
may have been no mention made in the correspond-
ence of it. I knew very well that everybody I dealt
with knew that too. As soon as these nine guns
came to our factory we received instructions from
tho Remingtons with regard to them, and from no-
body else, and the guns were disposed of according
to their instructions.'
"In reply to the question: 'Was there not a
design upon your part that the Ordnance Bureau
should not know?' General Franklin declared:
'Not the slightest in the world. The Ordnance
Bureau knew just as much as I did.' He subse-
quently qualified this declaration as follows: 'It
was my impression that the Ordnance Bureau knew
just as much as I did.'
"General Dyer denies having any knowledge of it.
We seok not to impugn him, and least of all to do
him the slightest injustice. But it is evident from
the testimony that the Remingtons were advised of
the probability that the bargain could be made be-
fore General Franklin made his proposition to the
Ordnancc Bureau ; that the Remingtons made the
deposit of $14,400 at the ordnance agency at New
York, through a New York bank, without having
been advised about it by General Franklin, and that
the gun-carriages found theirwayfromthoordnance
agency at New York into Remington's hands with-
out any knowledge of or instructions from General
Franklin, or any memborof the Colt's Arms Com-
pany. The conclusion is inevitable that there was
an understanding between Remington and some-
body connected with the Ordnance Bureau; for with-
out this neither the matter of the deposit nor the de-
livery of the gun-carriages could have been effected
in the absenceofinstrnctionsand advioe of any kind
from General X'ranklin. In no other way can the
testimony be harmonized."
Now,sir, I ask you, is it not as clear as sun-
light that the ordnance department was in
direct personal contact and collusion with
Remington, the French agent? We see Rem-
ington's hand again in the sale of a lot of ten
thousand Navy rifles, which, when they were
sold, had not yet been finished in the Spring-
field armory, but were sold on the part of the
Navy Department ostensibly for the reason
that some slight defect had been detected
which in the opinion of the Department ren-
dered it advisable that they be disposed of;
and, remarkable enough, according to the cor-
respondence which appears in this report,
that defect had been discovered and had been
brought to the notice of the Navy Department—
by whom do you think ? By Mr. Remington, the
French agent himself, and the Navy Depart-
ment confesses itl And then the Navy rifles
are sold to a third party, and forthwith pass
into Remington's hands to be shipped to
Franco.
And now I ask, are not these things true?
Are they not fully developed and conclusively
proven by the evidence? Is there any sano
man who can gainsay it? But what has the
majority report to say about snch startling rev-
elations ? To bring the facts proven in con-
formity with the rule laid down by the War
Department was indeed a desperate task, and
it was desperately performed. If I admire
anything in the report of that majority of the
committee, it is its exuberant spirit of enter-
prise. In the first place, the testimony ia
entirely lost sight ot in the report. There
is not the slightest allusion to the evidence
