1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2379
permitted to cross or railroad depot be located on
the public grounds of the city of Washington, be-
tween the Capitol and the grounds around the Presi-
dent's House.
Mr. M AYNARD. I raise the point of order
that that amendment is not germane ; that it
proposes new legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
well taken.
Mr. HOLMAN. When an expenditure of
$500,000 is at stake we should be able to un-
derstand what is transpiring. As far as I can
understand in the confusion, there has been a
point of order made, but nothing beyond that.
1 desire to say on that point of order 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has ruled
upon the point of order; and debate is not in
order.
Mr. HOLMAN. My amendment proposes
a limitation on the appropriation. Is it not
in order to limit an appropriation ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not so
understand the amendment. It will be again
read.
The Clerk again read the amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. I raise another point of
order—that the Committee of the Whole hav-
ing concurred in the Senate amendment, that
amendment, is not now open to amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
well taken.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to add this pro-
viso 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must state
to the gentleman from Indiana that before
he rose to offer bis former amendment the
Senate amendment had been concurred in as
amended.
Mr. HOLMAN. All the paragraphs to-
gether?
The CHAIRMAN. It was agreed by the
committee that they should all be treated as
one amendment.
The ninety third amendment of the Senate
was read as follows :
Add fo the bill the following as a new section :
Sec. 13. That from and after the 1st of January,
A. I). 187J, the annual salaries of tlse Assistant
Secretaries ot the several Executive Departments,
;iiid also the Second Comptroller, the Register, the
Auditors, the Commissioner of Customs, and the
supervising architect of the Treasury Department,
the Assistant Postmasters General ot the Post Office
Department, the superintendent of the moncv orders
and foreign mails, the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, the Commissioner of Pensions, and the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, of the Interior
Department, and the Commissioner of Education,
shall be $4,000; and the salary of supervising sur-
geon of the marine hospital service shall be?3,000;
and the annual salaries of the Commissioner of Ag-
riculture and the Solicitor of the Treasury shall be
$4,000; and thesalaryof the solieitorof the internal
revenueshall be thesame as that of the Solicitor ofthe
Treasury ; and the annual salaries of the judges of
the Court of Claims shall be $5,000 from and after the
1st day of July, 1872; and the annual salaries ofthe
judges of the district courts of the United States
from and after the 1st day of July, 1872. shall be
$5.01)0; and it shall bo the duty of said district
judges, without additional compensation, to hold
district and circuit courts in any district ofthe same
circuit in the United States when thereto requested
by the circuit judge of said circuit, and in any other
circuit on the request of any justice of the Supreme
Court; and a sum sufficient to carry into effect the
provisions of this section to the end ofthe fiscal year
ending June 30, 1873, is hereby appropriated out of
anv money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee on
Appropriations recommend non-concurrence
in this ;imendment.
Mr. STORM. Mr. Chairman, I trust that
the Committee of the Whole will agree to the
recommendation of the Committee on Appro-
priations and non concur in this amendment.
It is one of the most extraordinary of the
amendments coming to us from the Senate.
It proposes to increase seventy-nine salaries,
t he i-g^regato amount of the increase is $S9,-
720. !t increases the salaries of seven assist-
ant secretaries of the different Departments
S'iuO each, it, increases the salaries uf seven-
teen other officers SI.000 each. It increases
the salaries of ten others §500 each, and
buy seven others SI.300each. Of the seventy-
nine officers whose salaries it is proposed to
increase fifty-seven are officers who will be
pensioned for life when they have become, by
reason of age, unable to discharge their duties.
This amendment, I believe, involves in every
instance except one or two a proposition* for
an increase of salary. The salaries of the
judges of the district courts, fifty-two in num-
ber, are to be increased to the extent of $1,360
each, without any regard to the services to be
rendered.
Mr. HOLMAN. Without any regard to
their services?
Mr. STORM. Without any regard to the
services to be rendered. There are other ob-
jectionable features in it. It places the sala-
ries of several officers of different grades at the
same amount. Any one who will take the book
of estimates for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1873, as furnished to us by the Secretary of
the Treasury, will find the figures I have given
correct. The six different Auditors and five
Commissioners all have their salaries increased
$1,000 each, when it is known to all that the
labors and responsibilities of these officers are
vastly different. This wholesale system of
raising salaries should be at once condemned
by the committee. Now is the time to practice
a little civil service reform.
Mr. CONGER. It may not be desirable,
Mr. Chairman, to concur in the amendment
of the Senate, but why this Committee on
Appropriations should not have amended the
amendment of the Senate to have done justice
in giving the salaries to some officers of the
Government, which they have premised from
year to year to do, I am utterly unable to
know to-day. I have heretofore, on two oc-
casions, attempted to call the attention of
members of this Congress and of a former
Congress to the fact that there ate two officers
of the Government of the United States who
have the entire and universal control of the
payment of all the moneys out of the Treas-
ury—the First and Second Comptrollers—hav-
ing equal responsibilities, equal ability being
required of them ; and yet one of these officers
receives year after year a salary of $5,000,
and has received it for years, while the other
of these officers, having not only an equal
number of cases to examine, but a greater
number of cases to examine and a larger
proportion of the vouchers on which money is
paid out of the Treasury to sign and pass, bas
received a much lower sum in the way of
salary, and if this proposition of the Senate is
non-concurred in, he will still cofitinue to
receive but $3,000 a year, while the First
Comptroller is and has been receiving and will
still continue to receive the sum of $5,000 per
annum. Why is this?
While gentlemen are talking constantly and
earnestly and vehemently, with eager madness
rushing through their veins, about civil service
reform, year after year passes by and there is
a want of reform in the salaries of the officers
having charge of the highest responsibilities
of the Government of the United States, one
officer performing the same kind of duties re-
ceiving $5,000, while the other receives but
$3,000, and yet there is no Committee^ of
Appropriations—although they have promised
upon this floor to bring in a bill to provide
for doing away with this discrepancy—no Com-
mittee of Appropriations of the last Congress,
and it seems to me there is no Committee ot
Appropriations of this Congress, which will ;
bring to the attention of this House, and which
will correct this great discrepancy in the sala- j
ries of these two officers of equal responsi-
bility, the one receiving the lower salary per-
forming as a matter of fact the greater amount ■
of service. j
There are many officers in the Treasury :
Department whose salaries are entirely and j
utterly inadequate to t.hc duties which they are !
called upon to perform. Mr. Chan man, this j
House ought to put the Second Comptroller I
of the Treasury upon the same footing with ij
the First Comptroller of the Treasury. The
Second Comptroller supervises the distribution
of millions and millions of money going out of
the Treasury every year. He is responsible
both for the examination of accounts as to the
correctness of the accounts themselves and as
to their correctness under the laws of the land,
for the payment of .these vast sums of money.
Yet for all these services and all these re-
sponsibilities yon pay him a salary less than
many bank clerks receive in many of the cities
of the Union, and less than is received by
some clerks in the larger mercantile establish-
ments of the country.
I am sorry I have not here, but I have in
my possession, a full statement of the vouchers
and accounts passed upon by both Comptrol-
lers ofthe Treasury, and for years the Second
Comptroller has had a larger number of vouch-
ers and claims and accounts to pass upon than
the First Comptroller, and a larger amount of
money was drawn from the Treasury'under his
signature than uuuer the signature of the First
Comptroller, and yet for years the Second
Comptroller has received a salary only three
fifths in amount of wliat has been paid to the
First Comptroller in the way of salary. I will
say to the House., and I will say to my friend, the
chairman ofthe Committee on Appropriations,
that when he recommends non-concurrence in
the Senate amendment which raises the salary
of the Second Comptroller to $4,000, still
$1,000 behind the salaryof the First Comptrol-
ler, there ought to be some provision made in
this bill making the pay of these two officers
more nearly equal when their duties and re-
sponsibilities are so similar. My friend from
Ohio and the Committee on Appropriations
will not have done their duty to the House
until the present discrepancy has been done
away with.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment of the Senate was non-con-
curred in.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the com-
mittee to go back to the twenty-fifth amend-
ment, in regard to which I desire to give a word
of explanation. We voted on the amendment
of the Senate as it appears in the printed bill.
The paragraph in the bill as it passed this
House was as follows :
For publishing the laws in pamphlet form, $12,000.
To this the Senate added an amendment,
which in the printed bill reads as follows:
And in newspapers $50,000: Provided, That all
laws requiring the publication of the laws and
treaties in newspapers are hereby repealed.
The Committee on Appropriations discov-
ered after the vote had been taken that this
was a misprint. I ask the Clerk to read the
amendment of the Senate, number twenty-
five, from the engrossed amendments.
The Clerk read as follows :
On page 15, lines three hundred and fifty-five,
three hundred and fifty-six, and three hunred and
fifty-seven, after the word "dollars," in line three
hundred and fitty-five, insert the words " and in
newspapers. $50,GO,): Provided. That after the pub-
lication ofthe laws of the present Congress, the pub-
lication ofthe laws in newspapers shall cease."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That proposi-
tion is different from the one we voted on.
The proposition the committee voted on was
that, the laws requiring the publication of the
laws and treaties in the newspapers should be
repealed. The $50,000- appropriation in the
Senate amendment seems to be utterly neu-
tralized by the repeal of the law under which
it would "be expended. The Committee of
the Whole struck out the appropriation and
agreed to the repeal. This having been done
in connection with a misprint, the Committee
Oil Appropriations have instructed me to rec-
ommend concurrence in the Senate amend-
ment as it is found in the engrossed amend-
ments just read. I ask the committee to go
back to the twenty-fifth amendment for that
purpose.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
