1484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. BANKS. No, not now, if you please ;
at any other time; when the gentleman has
the floor he may ask me as many questions as
he pleases. [Laughter.]
It is a system of cooperation that we want
to establish, and the effect of the example of
the Government is to lead private employers
in every pursuit of life to adopt a system of
cooperation which shall admit labor to a par-
ticipation more or less in the profits of capital.
I do not hesitate to say that in my judgment,
if such a system should be adopted, the indus-
trial products of the country would within five
years be doubled. Under that system there
would be an accord between capital and labor,
there would be a cooperation between capital
and labor which has not existed and could not
exist under the old system.
If the regulation of the Government shall
lead to this, as we hope will be the case, the
difference between employes outside the Gov-
ernment and those withm will be removed,
and we shall have a harmonious system, hon-
orable to the country and beneficial to the
laborer.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent that we may now take a vote.
No objection was made.
The question was on Mr. Dawes's amend-
ment to add to the bill the following :
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That iho proper
accounting officers be, and hereby are, authorised
and directed, in tho settlement of all accounts
for the services of laborers, workmen, and mechan-
ics, employed _ by or in behalf of the Govern-
ment of the United States between tho 25th day of
June, 1868, the date of the act constituting eight
hours a day's work for all such laborers, workmen,
and mechanics, and the 19th day of May, 1869, the
date of tho proclamation of tho President concern-
ing such pay, to settlo and pay for the same, without
reduction on account of tho reduction of the hours
of labor by said act, and a sufficient sum of money
is heroby appropriated for that pnrposo out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to offer an
amendment to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair undcrstanus
that debate is closed on the amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Debate is closed;
but it is in order to move to amend.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I thought it
was agreed by unanimous consent that we
should take a vote.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to add to
the amendment of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] tho following proviso :
Provided, That other laboring men in the United
Btates who work ten hours a day shall no the taxed to
malto up the deficiency to the men who work but
eight hours a day.
[Laughter.]
The question was put on the amendment
to the amendment, and there were—ayes 84,
noes 39.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Dawes's
amendment as amended, and being put, thoro
were—ayes 68, noes 69.
Mr. DAWES. I call for telllers.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
make a parliamentary inquiry. I want to ask
where the Davis men are on the opposite side
of the House. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. That is not a parlia-
mentary inquiry. [Laughter.]
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Dawes and
Mr. Fauxsworth were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tell-
ers reported that there were—ayes 45, noes 78.
So the amendment, as amended, was not
1 to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now renew my amend-
ment that I offered a short time since, to come
in at the end of the section.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let me suggest
to my friend from Indiana [Mr. Holman] that
this is a deficiency bill. His amendment should
be moved to the miscellaneous appropriation
bill rather than to this.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that my amendment
may be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
That the sum necessary to pay, in conformity with
the decision of the Supreme Court of the United
States, to all the soldiers who were mustered into
the service of the United States for three years be-
tween the 4th day of May and the 22d day of July,
1861, and who were honorably discharged, and not
entitled to such bounty by acts of Congress then in
force, and have not received the same, and to the
widows and children, in the order named, of such
as are deceased, the bounty of $100 contemplated in
the President's proclamation of May 3, 1861, and
orders of the War Department of May, 1861, be, and
the same is hereby, appropriated.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let it be put in
the miscellaneous appropriation bill, because
if itis putin that bill it can be expended dur-
ing the coming year, and if it is put in this bill
it will not become a law for a month or two,
and there could be but little done under it
during the present fiscal year.
Mr. HAY. There is a bill before the Military
Committee in regard to this matter.
Mr. HOLMAN. A separate bill on this
subject will get through Congress very slowly.
This matter has been pending before Congress
for three years without action.
Mr. HAY. I agree that this matter should
be acted upon by Congress.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman will withdraw his amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the gentleman make
a point of order upon it?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not.
Mr. PETERS. I make the point of order
upon it.
Mr. HOLMAN. The point of order is too
late.
Mr. PETERS. I understood the gentle-
man to request that a point of order be made
on it.
The CHAIRMAN. What is the point of
order made by the gentleman from Maine?
Mr. PETERS. I make the point of order
that it is new legislation.
Mr. SLOCUM. There is a bill upon this
subject before the Military Committee which
will bo reported by them on the next call of
that committee.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then you do
not want it here.
Mr. SLOCUM. I do not want it here.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is the bill the same as my
amendment?
Mr. SLOCUM. I cannot tell; I have not
had time to consider this amendment.
Mr. PETERS. I make the point of order
that this is new legislation, and appropriating
money without authority of law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will rule
according to the decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States the proclamation of
the President of the United States was, by a
subsequentaet of Congress, validated and given
the force of law. If there be debts due by law
to these soldiers, an appropriation to pay them
is in order. The Chair, therefore, overrules
the point of order.
Mr. DICKEY. I rise to another point of
order.
TheCH AIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. DICKEY. I make the j>oint of order,
although I am in favor of this proposition
properly guarded. My point of order is, that
under the rule no appropriation can be made
in general terms and without naming a specific
sum or maximum amount to be appropriated.
Mr. HOLMAN. That point of order is too
late, and besides is entirely technical.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Dickey,] The Chair would
suggest to the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Holman] that this objection can be readily
removed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now move
that the committee rise, and report the bill to
the House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Before
that motion is made, I desire to move to amend
by adding to the bill the following provision :
That the sum of £450,000, or so much thereof as is
necessary, be appropriated to pay thelaborers, work-
men, and mechanics in the Government works ac-
cording to law as defined by the President's procla-
mation.
From the discussion already had, the House
fully understands this question. This proposi-
tion stands simply upon the ground of a con-
tract under tho law. I hope the House will
sustain it.
Mr. COGHLA-N". I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last word. I
wish to say but a few words in regard to this
matter. I believe that the majority of the
members of the House do not losk at this
question as they should. Jt is simply whether
we shall fulfill a solemn contract entered into
by the Government of the United States with
its workmen, that if they would do a certain
amount of work the Government would pay
them a certain sum of money. It is as clear
and solemn a contract as was ever entered
into by any Government or any individual.
By the law to which reference has been made
the Government made eight hours a day's
work. It said to the workman, "Go to the
navy-yards and other public works of the Uni-
ted States and labor eight hours, and it shall
be a day's work, and for that day's work you
shall receive a certain specified sum, which shall
be ascertained by the rules contained in other
statutes." Those other statutes provided tho
rate of wages which should be given for a
day's work. The men went to work under
that solemn contract with the Government.
They performed their portion of that contract;
they gave their labor to the Government; and
the question is, whether the Congress of the
United States shall stand here to-day and say
that these workmen shall not receive what the
laws of the United States provided they should
receive.
The present question has nothing to do with
the principle of the eight-hour law. I am in
favor of that principle, although the majority
of gentlemen on this floor seem not to be.
But the case presented here is that the Gov-
ernment hired these men to do work at rates
established by law, the work has been per-
formed, and now the Committee of Appropria-
tions come before the House and ask that
money shall be appropriated to pay them. Gen-
tlemen who vote against this proposition declare
in effect that men who have labored for the
Government shall not receive what the Gov-
ernment itself agreed to pay them for their
work. That is all there is in this question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to oppose
the amendment, and I call for a vote.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment,
The CHAIRMAN. The noes appear to
have it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call
for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Butler, of
Massachusetts, and Mr. Fauxswokth were
appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 40, noes 81.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by add-
ing to the bill the following:
That tho sum of $700,000, or so much thereof as
may be necessary to pay in conformity with the de-
cision of the Supreme Court of the United States to
all the soldiers who were mustered into the service
of the United States for three years, between the 4th
day of May and the 22d ot July, 1861, and who wore
honorably discharged and not entitled to such bounty
by act of Congress then in force, and have not re-
ceived the same, and to the widows and the chil-
dren, in the order named,of such as are deceased, the
bounty of $100 contemplated in the President's pro-
clamation of May 3, 1861, and orders of the War
Department of May, 1861, be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated.
