3276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
Interior to make partition of the reservation to
Me-shin-go-me-sia, a Miami Indian, have di-
rected me to report it back with amendments.
Mr. PRATT. I ask for the present con-
sideration of that bill, and I appeal to my col-
league to give way for a moment that it may
be considered. It provides for a partition of
an Indian reservation situated in the counties
of Grant and Wabash, in the State of Indiana.
It will occupy but little time.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior, on
written application of the chief of the band
being first filed in his office, to cause partition
to be made of the reservation in trust for the
band of Me-shin-go-me-sia, of ten sections of
land made by the seventh article of the treaty
between the United States and the Miami tribe
of Indians, entered into on the 28th of No-
vember, 1840, and by the Senate amendment
thereto ; and the United States release to the
band all right of purchase of the reservation.
The expenses of the partition are to be paid
by the band, and the amount to be deducted
by the Secretary of the Interior frora any an-
nuities or other moneys due or to become due
the several persons to whom partition shall
be made ; but any costs or expenses made by
claimants who shall not be found entitled to
share in- the lauds are not to be a lien thereon,
but are to be paid by the claimants, to be
retained by the Secretary out of any moneys
that may be due or become due them from
the United States ; and if l'rom any cause the
chief of the band shall fail to make this written
application within six months next after the
passage of the act any person or persons
interested in the lands may make it.
The Secretary of the Interior is to ascertain
by name what persons constituted the band of
Me-shin-go-me-sia on the 28l.li of November,
lH'iO, and then shall proceed to make partition
of the ieserved land per capita, in quantity,
to the survivors of the band, and to their
descendants, and to the descendants of those
who were members of the hand at that date,
but who have since deceased. He shall also
include in the partition list those personsol'
Miama blood not of the band, but who have
intermarried with a member of the band, and
who may he" living at the date of the partition.
The Committee on Indian Affairs reported
the bill with amendments. The first amend-
ment was in section one, line five, alter the
word "band," to insert the words "and a
majority of the adult male members of said
band so that the clause will read:
That the Secretary of tho Interior be, nnd he is
hereby, authorized and direeted, on written applica-
tion of the chict of said bum!, and a majority of tho
adult mute members of said band, iirst tiled in his
oliiue, to cause partition, &o.
Mr. POMIiUOY. I suppose this bill only
relates to Indians in Indiana.
Mr. IIAIUjAN. None others whatever.
Mr. POMliKUX". A part of this tribe are
in my State.
Mr. HARLAN. It is merely to enable them
to divide the lands among themselves.
Mr. POMKROl". Cannot they become citi-
zens by the Constitution of the United States
without a law of Congress?
Mr. PRATT. The supreme court of Indi-
ana have recently decided to the contrary.
Mr. POMIiUOY. Then they have decided
against the fourteenth amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; not necessarily.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Indian A Hairs was to strike out the proviso
at the end ot the "first section, in the following
words:
And provided fiirfhcr. That if from any cause the
chief ot h.inl band shall tail to make said "written
application vvitlmi six months next alter the passage
of this act, any person or persons interested in baid
lands may make the same.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next; amendment was in section two,
lines three and four, to strike out the words
"on the 28th day of November, A. D., 1840,"
and insert, i 'according to the recognized laws
and usages of said Miami Indians;" so that
the clause will read :
That the Secretary of the Interior shall ascertain,
bv -name, what persons constituted the band of
Me-shin-go-me-sia, according to the recognized laws
and usages of said Miami Indians, &o.
The amendment was agreed to.
The nextamendmentwasin section two, line
five, after the words "per capita^' to strike
out the following:
In quantity to the survivors of said band, and to
their descendants, and to the descendants of those
who were members of said band at said date, but who
have since deceased. He shall also include in said
partition list those persons of Miami blood not of
said band, but who have intermarried with a mem-
ber of said band, and who may be living at the 'late
of said partition.
And to insert, " to said persons share and
share alike in value ; " so as to read:
And then shall proceed to make partition of said
reserved handler capita to said persons, share and
share alike in value.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
It was ordered that the amendments be en-
grossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
goat island.
Mr. COLE. I offer the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to l'unnsli to the Sen.ito as soon as practicable any
information in hi^ possession bearing upon the an-
nexed House bill, No. 1553, relating to the use of
Goat Island for railroad purposes, including inform-
ation relating to tho expediency of reserving said
island for military purposes exclusively, and also
relating to the effects, if any, upon the harbor of
fc>an Francisco of appioaeliing said island from the
main land with railroad structures.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
states that it is unusual to send a bill not yet
passed to an executive department.
Mr. COLE. It is only sent for information.
If you will read the language of the resolu-
tion, the purpose is stated there.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, thp resolution is before the Senate
for consideration.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to have it
reported again.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution.
Mr. STEWART. We have got all that in-
formation here now in a report. I object to
the present, consideration of the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from California, to re-
move the objection, as the proposition in rela-
tion to Goat Island is referred to, that the
Senator can himself inclose the pending bill
to the department. It is a little unusual to
send a pending bill to a Department in this
way.
Mr. COLE. I will change the resolution in
that particular.
Mr. STEWART. I object to its present
consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent.
Mv. COLE. I should like to change it in
the respect suggested by the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. 'That change
will be made, and then the resolution will lie
over.
Mr. C ASSERLY. Do I understand that the
Senator from Nevada objects to taking up this
resolution?
The VICE PRESIDENT. He does, even
in the modified form.
Mr. STEWART. I do, unless the bill can
be referred, so that the whole matter can be
considered by the committee.
Mr. CASSERLY. That is a most singular
bargain for any Senator deliberately 
Mr. MORTON. I call for the regular
order if this matter is to be persisted in.
flections in louisiana.
Mr. KELLOGG. Now, I wish to ask the
indulgence of the Senator from Indiana. I
believe he has a bill before the Senate as un*
finished business, and I appeal to him to allow
me to call up Senate bill No. 58, the bill in
regard to which I have had so much trouble.
It is purely a local measure, and I desire to
appeal again to the Senate to dispose of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to get a little bill
passed to allow the change of the name of a
vessel, but I will not interfere with the Senator
from Louisiana.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Louisiana asks consent that the bill in
regard to the Louisiana election may be taken
up, subject to a demand for the regular order*
if it gives rise to extended debate.
Mr. MORTON. This matter must stop
somewhere or these little bills will take up all
the afternoon. I give notice that after the
Senator from Louisiana gets through I shall
call for the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the bill referred to by the Senator
from Louisiana will be taken up, subject to a
demand for the regular order.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maryland objects.
change of name of a vessel.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, I ask the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to take up Senate
bill No. 1002, merely to correct a misspelling
in the name of a vessel.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No.
1062) to change the name of the schooner La
Pettc to La Petite was read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It directs that the name of the schooner La
Pet.ie, Huron, Erie county, State of Ohio, be
changed from its present name to that of La
Petite.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No.
854) relating to the Reform School of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, with amendments; in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills ; and they were thereupon signed
by the Vice President :
A bill (S. No. 440) authorizing the issue of
clothing to certain enlisted men of company
B, fourteenth regiment of infantry;
A bill (S. No. 8G7) authorizing the Secretary
of War to correct an Army officer's record ;
A bill (S. No. 347) granting a pension to
Sarah McNana;
A bill (S. No. 448) to establish a system of
deposits, to prevent desertion, and elevate the
condition of the rank and file of the Army;
A bill (S. No. G07) to establish the pay of
the enlisted men of the Army ;
A bill (S. No. 955) granting a pension to
Mary Ann Montgomery, widow of William W.
Montgomery, late captain Texas volunteers;
A bill (S. No. G71) to authorize the West
Wisconsin Railway Company to keep up and
maintain a bridge for railway purposes across
Lake St. Croix, at the city of Hudson, in
the State of Wisconsin ;
A bill (EL R. No. 1666) to establish certain
post roads ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 838) to provide that minors
shall not be enlisted in the military service
of the United States without the consent of
parents or guardians.
amendments to bills.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
