2380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
Committee do now rise and report to theHouse
the action of the committee on the bill.
"• The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee have
decided to rise.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Am I
too late?
The CHAIRMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
will attain my object in the House.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker havingresumed theehair, Mr.Wheeler
reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to
order, had the Union generally under consid-
eration, and particularly the amendments of
the Senate to a bill (H. R. No. 1060) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
theyear ending June 80,1873, and for other pur-
poses, and had directed him to report that the
committee had concurred in certain amend-
ments of the Senate, had non-concurred in
others, and had concurred in others with
amendments.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a question of order. It appears that the Com-
mittee of the Whole, in reporting this bill
with the amendments of the Senate to the
House, have reported a paragraph as voted
on which is not in the bill. We voted upon
an amendment which is in the printed bill, but
is not in the engrossed amendments of the
Senate. I desire that that may be corrected,
and that the bill may be referred again to the
Committee of the Whole for the purpose of
correcting that mistake. It could not be done
before the committee rose, because the com-
mittee could not go back on a single objection
being made. But I think now we are in the
House the mistake can be corrected, and I
therefore raise the question of order.
The SPEAKER. That is not a question of
order so much as a question of fact.
Mr. RANDALL. The fact is that the Com-
mittee of the Whole concurred in the Senate
amendment, and that is the end of it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The Com-
mittee of the Whole did notconcur in the Sen-
ate amendment.
The SPEAKER. As presented by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] the
Chair is under the impression that the question
is one of fact rather than of order, and of course
it is the duty of the House to ascertain what
is the fact.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the Chair
will allow me, I will make a statement about
the case. It is not correct, as the gentleman
from Massachusetts alleges, that the Commit-
tee of the Whole have voted on a paragraph
that was not in the bill. The paragraph is in
the printed bill precisely as in the engrossed
bill, with this difference: one clause of the
amendment of the Senate was incorrectly
printed. The Committee of the Whole, how-
ever, struck out a portion of the Senate amend-
ment, and adopted an amended form of the
amendment, and that amended form of the
amendment, being concurred in by the Com
mittee of the Whole, is reported back to the
House for its action. The Committee of the
Whole voted, therefore, on what was read to
them, and what was in print before them, and
it may be considered that the form they have
adopted supersedes the form of amendment
which the Senate proposed in the printed
bill.
1 considered it my duty, as a matter of good
faith, to call the attention of the Committee
of the Whole to the fact that there was a dis-
crepancy between the printed and the engrossed
bill.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman indi-
cate wherem the discrepancy consists?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. By comparing
the amendment number twenty-five, on page
15 of the printed bill, with the amendment as
it appears in the engrossed bill, the Chair will
see that a discrepancy exists.
The SPEAKER." Amendment number
twenty five of the Senate, as printed, will
be found on page 15 of the engrossed bill in
italic letters. The Clerk will read the actual
amendment as it stands in the engrossed bill,
so that the question of fact may be placed
before the House.
The Clerk read as follows:
After the word " dollars," insert these words:
And in newspapers, $50,000: Provided, That after
the publication of the laws of the present Congress,
the publication of the laws in newspapers shall
cease.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I rise to a question of
order. The point of order that I make is that
no question of fact can arise on the report of
the chairman of the Committee of the Whole ;
that we must take the report he makes.
The SPEAKER. That is correct, but the gen-
tleman will observe that this raises a different
point. The printed bill is a bill ordered to be
printed by the House ; the engrossed bill is in
the possession of the House. The question
then comes up in the House whether the
printed bill corresponds with the bill that came
from the Senate.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The House has acted
on it, and the chairman of the Committee of
the Whole has made his report to the House,
and I submit that no question of fact can be
raised by individual members of the Commit-
tee of the Whole in the House which shall
contradict or impugn the report of the chair-
man of the Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. It does not necessarily do
that, but at the same time, while the Chair
never takes cognizance of what is done in Com-
mittee of the Whole, except as reported by
the chairman of the committee, that does not
necessarily bar the House from seeing whether
the printed bill sent to the Committee of the
Whole differed from the real bill on the Clerk's
de?k. It was the House that sent the printed
bill to the committee, and it is for the House
now, in the exercise of its own proper func-
tions, to see whether the bill which they sent
to the committee and the engrossed bill from
the Senate correspond. It does not raise the
question of what took place in Committee of
the Whole ; if it did the Chair would not enter-
tain it.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Then I submit that if
that decision stands it must admit of the rais-
ing of this question on all occasions when a
member'of the Committee of the Whole differs
with the chairman of the committee.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask if the
printed bill can be recognized parliamentary
as ever being in the Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows, as a
member of the Committee of the Whole, which
he is, not as Speaker of the House, that the
printed bill was used in the Committee of the
Whole, though he does not use that knowledge
as bearing upon the point at issue.
Mr. RANDALL, For convenience and by
unanimous consent. Were it otherwise we
should never get through with a bill.
The SPEAKER. There was an error com-
mitted here, a plain, palpable error of print,
under which it is alleged that the Committee
of the Whole voted under a misapprehension.
The Chair could not possibly conceive it to be
within the sphere of his duties to so rule that
the House could not correct an obvious error
in the printing of the bill. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] has it within his
own control to place this matter within the
action ol the House by allowing an amend-
ment to be entertained and voted on in the
House before calling the previous question.
Mr. ELDREDGE. If the Speaker will
allow me, I desire to say that I do not think
the committee voted under any misapprehen-
sion. 1 would like to know the fact if any
member of the committee alleges that he voted
under a misapprehension. The question was
discussed and understood, and there was no
misapprehension.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will not con-
sent to argue or to hear any gentleman argue
upon that point. The Chair calls the atten-
tion of the House back to the point that the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
rises and calls attention to the fact that the
printed bill which the House sent to the Com-
mittee of the Whole is not a true copy of the
engrossed bill at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. ELDREDGE. But I understood the
Speaker—and I beg pardon if I seem to be
contending with him, for I am not—to base
his decision upon the fact that the Committee
of the Whole voted under a misapprehension.
The SPEAKER. The Chair distinctly stated
otherwise. He stated that he, as a member
of the Committee of the Whole, knew that to
be the fact, but that he would not as Speaker
make use of that fact.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Then what is the pre-
cise question raised by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler ?]
The SPEAKER. That the printed bill sent
to the Committee of the Whole does not cor-
respond with the manuscript bill that came
from the Senate.
Mr. BANKS. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion. It is that if this matter has not been
properly considered in the Committee of the
Whole, it should be recommitted to that com-
mittee with instructions to consider that part
of it.
The SPEAKER. That is not necessary,
because, as it has already been discussed and
considered in Committee of the Whole, it may
be now considered in the House. The gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] who has
charge of the bill, before calling the previous
question upon it can allow an amendment to
be offered thafwill obviate the difficulty.
Mr. BANKS. But I understand that this
matter has not been properly considered in
Committee of the Whole ; therefore the proper
way would be to admit an amendment by gen-
eral consent, or"to recommit it to the Commit-
tee of the Whole.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Gentlemen will
beahtf^a.witness that while we were in Com-
mitted, within tfhole I endeavored to go back
and'®alp^®gj; fatter corrected, and objection
wase west entr^he moment I found out that a
mistaue hau oeen made I called the attention
of the Committee on Appropriations to the
matter, and they instructed me what to do. I
myself brought the matter to the attention of
the Committeeof the Whole, and would have
much preferred that the mistake should have
been corrected there. Now that we are in the
House, I desire to say that I shall assume the
right to offer myself, or allow some one else to
offer, an amendment so that we may be able
to vote on the original proposition as it came
over from the Senate, and to say that the
Committee on Appropriations have instructed
me to ask that the House concur in that
amendment.
Mr. ELDREDGE. If that be so, then a
member of the House can originate a propo-
sition and call for the yeas and navs upon it,
whether the Committee of the Whole have
acted upon it or not.
The SPEAKER. Any member of the House
has the right to call for a separate vote upon
any Senate amendment. The Chair will direct
the Clerk to read the Senate amendment as it
is recorded in the manuscript received from
the Senate.
The Clerk read as follows:
After the word "dollars," insert:
And in newspapers, $50,000: Provided, That after
the publication of the laws of the present Congress
the publication of the laws in newspapeis thj.ll
cease.
Ihe SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Eldredge] assert that that
amendment was passed upon in Committee of
the Whole?
Mr. ELDREDGE. If it was passed upon 
