4172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
will not be defeated? Ten men can defeat it;
one man can defeat it, and as a matter of course
you place in a minority of the House, or in a
few men, or in one man of the House of Rep-
resentatives the' power to control the action
of Congress. On' the contrary, if we accept
the time fixed by the House of Representatives
and any unforeseen event shall occur by which
we are not able to complete our business on
the 10th, how easy it is for the majority of the
two Houses, a very large majority of both
Houses being composed of our Republican
friends', to extend the time. Would you rather
trust a single one of your adversaries to con-
trol the power of adjournment than the ma-
jority of a body composed of your political
friends?
I do not believe anything can occur that
will make it necessary to postpone the ad-
journment of Congress beyond the 10th. We
can even give one day or two days for political
debate, and dispose of all the other measures
of Congress ; we can take up and pass those
bills from the Committee on Claims that the
Senator from Wisconsin has been so desirous
to pass; we can act upon the appropriation
bills; we can do everything that can be rea-
sonably required of us, and leave upon the
House of Representatives the responsibility
of passing Or rejecting such bills as we may
send to them ; but if we now, by dallying with
this question, place it in the power of our
political adversaries to control our movements,
we only follow out that line which has been
pursued from the beginning on this question
of adjournment. Sir, the Senate made a mis-
take in attempting to inaugurate a resolution
of adjournment for the first time in the his-
tory of the Government. We made a mistake
in the outset, and let us share in the responsi-
bility and say no more about it.
The House have twice yielded to our request
to extend the time, and now they have given
us a time which it was said on this floor to-day
they would not give. Why not accept their
offer? If any extraordinary event should
arise, making a further extension necessary,
have we not a right to believe that the House
of Representatives, composed of our friends,
will yield to the public necessity and remain
here as long as may be necessary to discharge
their public duty?
I hope, therefore, that all amendments—and
I see an effort is to be made to test the sense
of the Senate—will be voted down. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina gave us notice that
he intended to try us with many amendments.
Any amendment to this proposition means an
extra session, and defeats it, or at least places
it in the power of any one determined man in
the House of Representatives to defeat it and
compel the President to call us together in
extra session—to call together the Houses of
his friends to finish the business they are sworn
to discharge I
I hope, therefore, that we shall accept the
proposition made by the House, in the full re-
liance that if anything shall occur to demand
an extension of the time, our political friends
and our political adversaries in the House of
Representatives, and in the Senate also, will
concurin such further timeas may be demanded
for the proper discharge of our public duty.
Mr. WINDOM. It is not worth while for
us to attempt to conceal from ourselves, for
we certainly conceal from nobody else, the
objects of these amendments. As has just
been said by the Senator from Ohio, any
amendment that takes this question back to
the House of Representatives means an extra
session, and theiefore I shall vote for the res-
olution as it came from the House, desiring to
avoid an extra session. I suppose we could
get the votes of some of our friends here who
are anxious to adjourn on the 20th, to adjourn
next Thursday or any day rather than the day
set by the House of Representatives.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Kansas, to strike out " Monday, the
10th of June," and insert "Saturday, the 15th
of June, at noon."-
Mr. POOL. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. While no person can be
more "anxious for adjournment than I am—and
I hope we shall be able to get through with
the business of the country without, haying
any extra session—I do not understand, if it
should be necessary, where is the great evil of
a session called by the President over the pro-
longation of the present session. The Senator
from Ohio speaks as though it would be a
great misfortune for the President to call us
together.
Mr. SHERMAN. It would be saying, if
my friend will allow me, that the two Houses
of Congress, belonging to the same great polit-
ical organization, were not able to decide for
themselves a question which affects themselves
alone, and the reserved power of the President
of the United States—a power given to him
only for extraordinary occasions—should be
called into use for an ordinary occasion to
compel Congress to pass the necessary appro-
priation bills to carry on the Goverument. I
do not want to see that done.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not think that is any
great misfortune. I prefer that it should not be
done. I prefer, if we do not get through with
the business in time, that both Houses should
agree to a prolongation of the session; but I
cannot see any very great misfortune if, failing
to agree, the President shall be obliged to call
us together.
Nor do I understand what the Senator from
Ohio says, that the House has twice at our re-
quest prolonged the session. I do not under-
stand that the House has at all at our request
prolonged the session. The Senate, early in
the session, desired that the session should
be a short one, in consideration of our hav-
ing been in session two months at the be-
ginning of the Congress,, and passed a res-
olution, whether wisely or unwisely, that we
should adjourn on the 29th of May. The
House in its undoubted right kept that res-
olution back so late that it was apparent to
the Senate that we could not transact the
proper business of the country in time to
adjourn on the 29th. Of course there is much
business that must be transacted by the Senate
after it has been perfected in the House. Then
the Senate asked the House to send back the
resolution of adjournment. The reply to that
was the passage of the resolution of adjourn-
ment. All that the House had a perfect right
to do. I make no complaint. Then it being
apparent that we could not adjourn on the
2;)ih, the House twice, not, as I understand,
by request of the Senate or any suggestion of
the Senate, has sent to us a resolution pro-
longing the session. I do not understand why
the Senator from Ohio says this has been
done twice at the request of the Senate. There
has been, so far as 1 am aware, no suggestions
at all of the Senate. It has been entirely upon
the motion of the House.
Mr. HOWE. If I felt as the Senator from
Rhode Island says he does, my course would
be very much clearer than it is. But I can-
not for my life feel so. I should feel it a great
misfortune to have these two Housesconvened
on Monday next or on any other day upon the
allegation that the Houses had adjourned
without having transacted the public husiness.
I say I should feel it a great misfortune. I
should feel it a humiliation to somebody, either
to the executive or the legislative depart-
ment of the' Government. If I felt that the
reassembling of the two Houses was made
necessary because in fact we had adjourned
before we had transacted the public business,
then I should feel that we had brought upon
our own heads a deep disgrace; we had dis-
honored the legislative department of the Gov-
ernment. If, ou the other hand, we should
deliberately adjourn after having transacted
all the public business, so far as we thought
the public exigencies demanded, and then the
President should reassemble us, which I do
not think is a supposable case, I should cer-
tainly think that was an act dishonoring to the
executive department of the Government.
Peeling thus, I feel that the most important
step for us to take is that which secures us the
most time to legislate during this session of
Congress. Now, I believe the Senator from
Ohio and the Senator from Minnesota spoke
the indubitable truth when they said that if we
amended the proposition which the House of
Representatives has sent to us at all, either by
prolonging the time or shortening the time,
that meant, and must inevitably result in, au
adjournment of this session of Congress with-
out the transaction of a great deal of business
which we know must be transacted before we
can be permitted to go to our homes, before
we would be willing to go to our homes.
The House have offered us an extension, as
has been said over and over again, of one week
from Monday next. During that week we
can transact a good deal of business. I am
one of those who believe that we could spend
more tftne than that week profitably to the
country ; but I had rather take that week
since it is offered to us now, and trust to the
future to provide for any emergency that may
present itself within that week, than to refuse
the week now with the certainty that we cannot
have a day beyond Monday next except by the
intervention of the executive department of
the Government. I am afraid that when the
end of that week shall come, when the tenth
of the month has arrived, we shall not be en-
tirely prepared to go to our homes. Some
woik which I believe ought to be done is veiy
likely to be undone at that time.
I am one of those who would be extremely
glad to see a few hours or a day or two de-
voted to a reply to the speeches made in the
Senate yesterday. I shall not be entirely con-
tent if 1 am obliged to leave Washington with-
out hearing what the Senator from New York
[Mr. Conkling] and the Senator from Michi-
gan [Mr. Chandler] may have to say in reply
to those remarkable speeches. But, sir, I
shall not be altogether unhappy if I am obliged
to leave Washington without hearing those
replies. This unhappiness will be spared me.
I shall leave with the most confident assurance
that the country will not suffer, nor the Repub-
lican party either, because those speeches are
not replied to on this floor and before the
adjournment. I shall feel the less unhappy
about it because to-day we have heard a pretty
fitting and a pretty ample reply to those
speeches from the mouths of the Senator from
Texas [Mr. Flanagan] and the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Logan.] But, sir, 1 shallfeelall
the more contented because I am very confi-
dent that whatever there was of weight in those
speeches was responded to by the country a
year ago, and if there should not be ,a word
uttered here there is not a third-rate county
politician to be found anywhere between the
two oceans, between the Lakes and the Gulf,
who has not the reply to those speeches by
heart and has not made it over and over again.
So we can go home with entire safety. We
have only got to crucify ourselves so far as
those speeches are concerned, forego the great
temptations they hold out to us, to keep still a
little longer, to devote ourselves to the business
of the day and the hour, to show the country
once more an example of men who care more
about transacting the business of the country
than they do about making speeches to peddle
for political purposes and for political effect.
I therefore think that we had better not agree
to this amendment moved by my friend from
Kansas. I think we had better concur in tba
proposition sent to us by the House of Repre-
sentatives. I think we had better take this
week and work during the coming week.
Mr. POMEROY. Day and night?
