1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4173
Mi-. HOWE. Day and night if it is neces-
sary to transact the public business; day and
night in silence if it is necessary to transact the
public business; day and night with our hands
upon our mouths except when we take them off'
to say ''yea" or "nay" to some proposition
pending here; do the business that the coun-
try demands. Whatever few chores there may
remain to be done for the good of the Repub-
lican party we can do on any rainy day and be
entirely confident, of the result.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, lam very
much inclined to take the resolution as sent
to us from the House, for the reason that I
believe in a week we can finish all the business
we have to do. I think we could have been
ready to adjourn on Monday next without any
trouble if we had not been interfered with by
business which was extraneous, which did not
really belong to the legislation of either House.
I am sure that we can complete the business
next week if we do our duty. We have the ma-
jority here, and we can prevent long speeches ;
and if we agree as we did a week ago that we
should have no speeches except by a person
who made a motion, and he only five minutes,
under which we carried three of the most im-
portant bills of the session in a couple of
hours, we can certainly dispose of the busi-
ness which may come to us from the other
House.
Now, I should like very well to have speeches
from the distinguished men ot' the Senate in
reply to the speeches madeyesterday against the
Administration ; but I remember now since I
have got on my feet that I was once traveling
along the road, and I saw a most beautiful rep-
tile, and just in front of me on the road was a
man with a club in his hand, and he broke the
back of the rattlesnake. The snake in its frantic
efforts to move out of the way bit itself and
killed itself, destroyed itself by its own poison.
So it will be with these gentlemen who have
turned around upon the party which has
brought them out of obscurity into importance
and dignity. They will kill themselves with-
outhurtinganybodyelse. I regret their action,
because I have had great respect for all those
gentlemen; I have admired their great abili-
ties, and I have felt proud of all their efforts
to restore the slave to liberty and to give glory
to the .Republican party. I ouly regret tliat
now, when the great victory of the parly has
been achieved, they would destroy everything
because they have lost the power to control
the Administration.
Why, gentlemen, I am an old man, and I
have seen parties for more than fifty years
rise and culminate and fall, and I have never
seen a leader of a party who deserted that
party and changed his principles who did not
say that he belonged to the party which lie
had started with. They always say so, but the
only result has always been their own destruc-
tion. The people never trust a traitor to the
party a bit more than they trust, a traitor to the
country. I regret the course of these gentle-
men, and I regret to use these words, which are
harsh, but they are words of soberness and
truth, and the country will carry them out
faithfully.
Now, about our legislation, there can be no
doubt as to our ability to finish it next week;
and if we do not, acting right, as the House
believe they are doing, they will extend the
time. It is not worth while to impugu the
motives of the other House a bit more than it
ia to impugn the motives of your adversary ;
and therefore I say that doing our duty here,
we shall expect the House, if we do not have
time, to extend the session, and if they do not,
there is power given by the Constitution to the
President to call us together; and its exer-
cise will be no censure upon us, nor upon the
House, nor upon anybody, if having tried to
get through and kaving failed in a faithful
effort to do so he should call us together.
Then we can remain as long as may be neces-
sary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Kan-
sas. striking out Monday, the 10th, and insert-
ing Saturday, the 15th.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 35 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Chandler, Clay-
ton, Conk]ing, Flanagan, Harlan, Kellogg, Osboru,
Pomeroy. Pool, llamsey, Kice, Spencer, Stewart, and
Wilson—1c.
HAYS —Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Boreman,
Caldwell, Cameron, Casserly, Cole, Cooper, Corbett,
Davis of West Virginia, Ferry of Michigan, Gold-
thwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of
Texas, Hitchcock, Howe, Johnston, Kelly, Morrill
of Vermont, Norwood, Pratt, Ransom, Robertson,
Saulsbury, Seott, Sherman, Sp_rague, Stevenson,
Stockton, Trumbull, Vickers, West, Windoin, and
Wrifrht-35.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Buckingham, Car-
penter, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds, Fen-
ton, Ferry of Connecticut, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert,
Hamlin, Hill, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
ton, Nye, Patterson, Sawyer, Schurz,Sumner, Thur-
man, and Tipton—23.
So the amendment to the amendment was
not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs on concurring in the amendment of the
House of Representatives.
Mr. POOL. I am satisfied that the business
of the session which is absolutely necessary to
be done cannot be done by next Monday week,
and the Senate will find it so unless I am more
mistaken than I ever was in ray life. When
next Monday week comes it will be worse that
a called session should take place than it would
be to have it take place on next Monday. I
would prefer to see the two Houses adjourn on
next Monday and have a called session than to
see a called session a weak later. I therefore
move that theSenatedo now adjourn, and I ask
for the yeas and nays upon that motion. The
effect of that motion will be to compel an ad-
journment of the two Houses next Monday and
a called session, and I make the motion for the
purpose of effecting that, if it can be done in
that way.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 42: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames. Chandler, Clayton, Flana-
gan, Kellogg, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Scott, and
Spencer—10. - .
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Bayard, Blair,
Boreinan, Caldwell, Cameron, Casserly, Cole, Conk-
ling, Cooper, Corbett, Cragin, Itavis of West Vir-
ginia, Ferry of Michigan, Goldthwaite, Hamilton
of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hitchcock. Howe,
Johnston, Kelly, Logan, Morrill of Vermont, Nor-
wood, Nye, Pratt, Ransom, Robertson, baulsbury,
Schurz, Sherman, Sprague, Stevenson, Stewart,
Stockton, Trumbull, Vickers, West, Wilson, Win-
doin, and Wright—42.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Buckingham, Car-
penter, Davis ot Kentucky, Edmunds, Fen ton,
Ferry of Connecticut, Frehnghuysen, Gilbert, Ham-
lin, Harlan, Hill, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morton,
Patterson, Ramsey, Rice, Sawyer, Sumner, Thur-
man, and Tipton—22,
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on concurrence in the amendment of
the House of Representatives to the Senate
concurrent resolution.
Mr. POOL. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon that.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 42, nays 13 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Boreman,
Caldwell, Cameron, Casserly.Cole,Conkiing. Cooper,
Corbett, Cragin, Davis of West Virginia, Ferry of
Michigan, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton of Toxas, Howe, Johnston, Kelly, Logan,
Morrill ot Vermont, Norwood, Pratt, Sanson), Rice,
Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott,.Sher-
man, Sprague. Stevenson, Stewart, Stockton, irum-
ba!l,Vickers,West, Wilson.Windom, and Wright—42.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames. Anthony, Chandler, Clay-
ton, Flanagan. Harlan, Kellogg. Nye,Osborn, Pome-
roy, Pool, Ramsey, and tipencer—13.
ABSKNT—Messrs. Brownlow, Buckingham, Car-
penter, Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds, Fen ton. Ferry
of Connecticut, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, H iinlm,
Hill, Hitchcock, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morton,
Patterson, Sumner, Thurman, and Tipton 19.
So the amendment was concurred in.
BUSINESS Off CLAIMS COMMITTEE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate re-
sumes the consideration of the appropriation
bill.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President 
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that when we
adjourn we adjourn to meet at twelve o'clock on
Monday. I think we have had sueli fatiguing
sessions that we had better do this.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin yield to the Senator from
Rhode Island?
Mr. HOWE. In one moment I will yield.
I desire now, once more, to throw myself on
the indulgence of the Senate. A week is
snatched to us, and i hope now the Senate
will unanimously concede the evening of
Monday next to the consideration of bills
reported from the Committee on Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin asks that Monday evening,
commencing at half past seven o'clock, be
assigned to the consideration of reports frym
the Committee on Claims. [''Agreed!"
''Agreed!"] The Chairs hears no objection.
It is so ordered.
the rawlins statue.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask indulgence of the Sen-
ate to have a bill read and acted on. If there
is a solitary objection I will withdraw it. I
report it from the Committee on Military
Atfairs.
The bill (S. No. 1164) appropriating$10,000
for a statue of General John A. Rawlins was
read, and by unanimous consent considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
adjournment.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that when the
Senate adjourns it be to meet at twelve o'clock
on Monday,
Mr. BOREMAN". Is that motion in order?
TheVlCE PRESIDENT. It is not, because
the appropriation bill is before the Senate.
Mr. BOREMAN. I object.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I move to lay the
appropriation bill on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The appropria-
tion bill is before the Senate, and the Senator
from Rhode Island moves to lay it on the table.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Marylaud. .1 move
that the Senate do now adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from Maryland is that the Senate
adjourn, which will have the effect of making
the Senate meet on Monday at eleven o'clock.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I am op-
posed to adjourning until twelve o'clock. We
have but one week, and 1——
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 object to debate and
call the Senator to order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the adjournment, and that is undebatable
except by unanimous consent, and debate is
objected to by the Senator from Michigan.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 21, noes 18.
So the motion was agreed to ; and (at eleven
o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 3, 1872.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. tn.
Praver by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Boiler,
D. D.
The Journal of Saturday was read and
approved.
message jprom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of their clerks, announced that the
Senate had agreed to the amendment of the
House to the resolution of the Senate resci nd-
ing the concurrent resolution of the two
Houses fixing the 3d of June as the day for
the final adjournment of the second session
of the Forty-Second Congress.
The message further announced that the
