1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1485
Mr. BOLES. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding the following:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
colored soldiers, enlisted as slaves, the same bounties
allowed and paid other soldiers enlisted at the same
time and for the same term of service, the sum of
§200,000.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Holman, there were—ayes 47, noes 83.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the amendment of Mr. Holman was not
agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now move
that the committee rise, and report the bill to
the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to add the follow-
ing amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
That no appropriation made by this act shall be
applied to tne payment of any claim against the
Government for service in the Navy or Army of the
United States or otherwise, which accrued more
than twenty-two years prior to the passing of this
act.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman, there is
a provision in this bill which appropriates
$50,000 on the pretense of satisfying some
Mexicap war claims.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That provision
was struck out of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. No, sir, it was not. If
the gentleman will look to it ho will see that
the $50,000 item 13 still in the bit?.
Mr. DICKEY. If that provision still re-
mains in the bill I do not think there will be
any objection to allowing the gentleman from
Indiana to move to strike it out in the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let us take a vote on it
now.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Oh, no; it
would be rather awkward for us to go back,
but I do not believe there will be objection to
the gentleman making his motion in the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask unanimous consent
to move to go back and strike out that clause.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
men on the other side do not wish to pay Detn-
ocratic war claims I am sure 1 do not.
Mr. HOLMAN. These are claims belong-
ing to claims agents, and nothing else.
Mr. COX. Yes; and owned by Republican
claims agents.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to
going back?
Mr. ARCHER. I object to going back.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will ask leave to offer
the amendment in the House to strike out that
appropriation.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. So far as I am
concerned, the gentleman may have the oppor-
tunity to make that motion in the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. Very well, then, I will
withdraw the amendment which I have just
offered.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now move
that the committee rise and report the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose: and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Ste-
venson- reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, aceord-
•ing to order, had the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly a bill (H. R.
No. 1G54) making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1872, and for former years,
and for other purposes, and had directed
him to report the same back to the House
with sundry amendments.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 now ask the gentleman
to allow me to make my motion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I promised the
gentleman from Indiana to yield to him to
make a motion to strike out, and I now yield
to him for that purpose.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to yield to me for the purpose of offering
this following amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted. That the proper ac-
counting officers be, and hereby are, authorized and
required, in the settlement of all accounts for the
services of laborers, workmen, and mechanics em-
ployed by or on behalf of the Government of the
United States, between the 25th day of June, 1868,
the date of the act constituting eight hours a day's
work for all such laborers, workmen, and mechanics,
and the 10th day of May, 1869, the date of the pro-
clamation of the President concerning such pay, to
settle and pay for the same, without reduction on
account of t reduction of hours of labor by said act,
and a sufficient sum for said purpose is hereby ap-
propriated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will not object to my offering that amend-
ment, so we may have a vote on it in the
House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not see
how I can yield to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts to offer his proposition. We have had
already more than one vote on it.
Mr. DAWES. I appeal to the gentleman to
let us have a vote on my proposition in the
House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I cannot yield
for that purpose.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out from
the bill the following.
Te Clerk read as follows:
For three months'extra pay to the officers, non-
commissioned officers, musicians, and privates en-
gaged in the military service of the United States
in the war with Mexico, who served out the term
of their engagement, being a reappropriation of
this amount, which was carried to the surplus fund
June 30,1856, and June 29,1863, and is now required
in the settlement of the accounts ponding in the
office of the Second Auditor, $50,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now demand
the previous question on the bill and amend-
ments.
Mr. HOAR. I now move that the House
adjourn.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
83, noes 38.
So the motion was agreed to; and accord-
ingly (at four o'clock and fifty-five minutes
p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropri-
ate committees:
By Mr. ARCHER: The petition of Wil-
liam B. Muse, for relief.
By Mr. BANKS: The memorial of William
Wood, of Boston, Massachusetts, asking com-
pensation for false imprisonment by the Gov-
ernment in May, 1865.
By Mr. BROOKS, of New York : The memo-
rial of stove manufacturers of the city of Troy,
in the State of New York, asking the re-
moval of all duty on foreign pig iron, as they
smelt annually more than twenty-five thou-
sand tons.
By Mr. CRITCHER: The petition of Cow-
ardin & Ellyson and 13 other firms in Vir-
ginia, praying the removal of the tariff on
type.
By Mr. DOX: Several petitions from citi-
zens of De Kalb county, in the State of Ala-
bama, who are tax-payers, askingtariff reform.
Also, several petitions from citizens who are
tax-payers in Darlington county, South Caro-
lina, asking tariff reform.
By Mr. DUNNELL: The petition of Daniel
S. Hart and 68 others, of Minnesota, late of
the Union Army, asking an equalization of
bounties.
Also, the petition of W. L. Hawkins and 10
others, for the same object.
By Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan: The petition
of 60 soldiers, asking an equalization of pay by
an allowance of §8 33 J per month, first deduct-
ing all bounties.
By Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio: The petition of
Valentine Doller and 110 others, citizens of
Put-in-Bay, Ohio, asking an appropriation for
the improvement of the harbor of Port Clinton,
Ohio.
By Mr. LAMISON: The memorial of
Luther M. Miley, J. H. Daque, Isaac Bailey,
and 150 others, citizens of Lima, Allen county,
Ohio, praying the repeal of all protective
duties, so called, the readjustment of the tariff
upon strictly revenue principles, and the aboli-
tion of all duties on coal, salt, and pig iron.
By Mr. MANSON: The memorial of Sam-
uel Davis, T. F. Davis, John A. Lewis, John
A. Leming, William Handy, and 25 others,
all soldiers in the late war to suppress the
rebellion, and the war of 1812, praying the
speedy enactment by Congress of a law pen-
sioning every soldier, and the widows of such as
have died, of the war of 1812, and pay $8 33J
per month bounty to the soldiers of 1861 who
got no bounty; grant a land warrant, as prom-
ised by the people, to every soldier who served
ninety days in the late war to suppress the
rebellion; and finally, pay the back pensions
due disabled soldiers of 1861, whose claims
for back pension have been barred by opera-
tion of law.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The petition of
Joseph Cooke and 19 others, ex-soldiers, and
citizens of Waynesburg, Pennsylvania, praying
the equalization of bounties.
By Mr. Mc'INTYRE: The memorial_ of B.
Pittman and a large number of others, citizens
of Colquit county, Georgia, praying a modifi-
cation of existing tariff rates.
By Mr. RANDALL: The petition of 101
soldiers of the late war, asking an equalization
of bounties and the passage of additional laws
granting bounties.
By Mr. E.^H. ROBERTS: The petition of
citizens of Utica, New York, for the removal
of the duty on pig iron.
By Mr. SAWYER: The petition of Joseph
H. Osborn and 50 others, for a modification
of the tariff to a revenue standard, and for the
repeal of the duties on salt, coaL and pig iron.
By Mr. SPEER, of Georgia: The petition
of VVilham T. McCuliough, of Jones county,
Georgia, asking the removal of his political
disabilities.
By Mr. SWANN: The petition of Frederick
B. Didier, heir of Thomas Tenant, deceased,
praying the settlement of the French spoliation
claims.
By Mr. VOORHEES: The petition of the
ladies and officers of the League of the Daugh-
ters of Cuba, located in the city of New York,
asking in their own names and in the name of
their countrymen that the Congress of the Uni-
ted States grant belligerent right to the insur-
gents of Cuba.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 7, 1872.
Prayer by Rev. James J. Kane, chaplain
United States Navy.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Jour-
nal of yesterday's proceedings.
Mr. NYE. We want to pass two or three
little bills this morning, and I therefore move
to dispense with the further reading of the
minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent. Is there objection ? The Chair
hears none, and the further reading of the
Journal is dispensed with.
public building at albany.
Mr. FENTON. I ask the Senate to indulge
me for a few minutes in taking up and putting
on its passage House bill No. 1534. It is
the same bill that passed this body at the
last Congress, and it has now passed the House
of Representatives.
Mr. RAMSEY. Will the Senator allow us
to present morning business after the bill is
taken up?
Mr. FENTON. It will take but a moment
to dispose of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If thero be no
