538
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 31,
Senate.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Schurz.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
of whom was by permission engaged in conduct-
ing it; and standing there as such, we not only
could claim it as a right, but .we could regard
it as a duty to refuse a disclosure of confiden-
tial communications and conversations with
other Senators on the subject under inquiry.
How is information received in such cases?
In many, perhaps in most instances, from
voluntary communications of persons who do
not want their own names to appear, but sug-
gest names of witnesses to be put on the stand.
Everybody who has conducted an inquiry
knows that this is so. You force the dis-
closure of the names of such persons and
there is an end of such communications; and
there is an end, to that extent, of the inquiry
itself. The Senate has ordered an investiga-
tion. It is duty of each Senator to promote
it, and it cannot be the right of the commit-
tee charged with its conduct to hamper and
to defeat it. Let it be understood that the
private correspondence of a Senator about
such a matter can be forced to light, and that
therefore no confidential communication with
a Senator on such a subject can be had, and one
of the most important sources of information
is stopped, and investigation in many cases
becomes a mere mockery. There is a certain
official confidence which a Senator must have
a right, and which he may claim it as his duty,
to guard for the public interest.
But now as to disclosing a conversation with
a Senator about public business, which we were
asked to do; if we can be forced to that by
order of the majority, I ask you where are we
going? Have you considered that? If we,
gentlemen, among ourselves, cannot exchange
-a word about a matter of public concern with-
out fear that some day a committee of investi-
gation may lay its hands upon our shoulders
and force us to answer the questions, " What
did you say to your associate," and " What
did he reply "—if that can be done, where will
be the end of the encroachments of' the ma-
jority upon your independence and discretion
as legislators of this Republic?
As for myself, I may say I had absolutely
nothing to conceal concerning myself in this
case; and 1 did not conceal anything. The
information I received by confidential letters
appeared in the shape of evidence, every item
of it. I might Jiave exhibited those letters
but for the fact that they were confidential,
and that their exhibition would have stopped
at once further information.
I might have testified also that it was the
Senator from New Hampshire, not now in his
seat, [Mr. Patterson,] who communicated to
me the letter from Remington to Le Cesne.
I might have obtained his permission to say
it; but I did not want to say it until he said it
himself. Every man in this land shall under-
stand that he can communicate with me about
public business in confidence, and that this
confidence shall not be violated; and every
Senator on this floor shall understand that he
can speak to me in confidence on public busi-
ness, and that confidence shall be sacred,
whatever the consequences may be to myself.
I call these the natural privileges of a posi-
tion like ours, and as far as in me lies I shall
endeavor to maintain them, and if maintaining
them should cost me the high honor 6f a seat
in this body, I shall not be the man to set a
precedent to the contrary.
The committee must indeed have been in
great need of argument when they had to de-
vote one third of their report to degrading
their own position as Senators in order to find
culprits upon this floor, instead of finding
them among the officers of the Government.
And now I again affirm if such expedients are
resorted to in order to cover up the misdeeds
of our executive officers, there is an end of
"esponsible power.
Let me now for a moment turn to another
aspect of this business. How does our Admin-
istration appear in it? We behold an instruc-
tive spectacle as unrolled by the evidence. Look
at these sales of arras in the light ofsurround-
ing circumstances. There was a great war
raging abroad. Our Government had declared
its neutality; and as a neutral our Govern-
ment was in a most delicate position. It had
especial reasons for carefully guarding its
duties in the premises. The Alabama case
was pending. We accused another Govern-
ment of a violation of neutral obligations. Our
own acts, therefore, we had to expect to become
the subject of the most minute scrutiny by
that other Government. Mpre than that, the
war abroad was a matter of very peculiar
interest to a large, valuable, and patriotic por-
tion of our population ; I mean the Germans.
They made remonstrance after remonstrance
against the sales of arms to the French, com-
plaining with much feeling, and nobody will
deny that there was some justification for
that feeling, that the same muskets which they
had borne in the war in the defense of this
Republic were now sold to the French Gov-
ernment for the purpose of being used in
slaughtering their friends and kindred. What-
ever view may by some have been taken of
their complaints in other respects, nobody will
deny that their feeling was natural and appeal-
ing to generous sentiments. That feeling was
at least entitled to some respect by their own
Government.
Such circumstances would have suggested to
a wise Government the propriety of selling at
such a time no arms from their arsenals at all,
for the pecuniary advantage to be gained by
taking advantage of a good chance stood in
no proportion whatever to the risk incurred.
But if the Government was not wise enough
for that, it should have been at least careful
enough so to conduct the sales of arms as not
to lay itself open to any imputation of unfair
and illicit dealing. The official position taken
by the War Department as expressed in the order
not to sell to any agent ot a belligerent was
correct. It was of the highest importance
that it should be kept correct by the most scru-
pulous enforcement and observance. The
strictest surveillance of the subordinate offi-
cers of the Government was therefore neces-
sary.
Now, sir, what was done? The Secretary
of War, according to the testimony, simply
gave verbal directions to the chief of ordnance
that no arms should be sold to Remington,
and there he stopped; that was all. There
were no written or other instructions at all
issued by the War Department to subordinate
officers to stimulate their watchfulness—abso-
lutely nothing of the kind. As General Dyer
himself testifies, he entirely left that practical
conduct of the details of the business to the
subordinate officers themselves. Neither the
President nor the head of the Department
troubled themselves any further about the
matter. Subordinate officers did absolutely
what they pleased. The newspapers reported
that cargo after cargo of arms was being
shipped to France. The War Departmentknew
nothing about it. It was a matter of general
notoriety that arms were bought for France by
French agents. Everybody knew it except
the President and the War Department. They
felt no concern. Large quantities of arms and
ammunition were delivered to Remington after
the War Department itself had discovered him
to be a French agent; but the War Depart-
ment did not stop to inquire whether this would
do or not. Breach-loading arms were taken
out of the very hands of our troops and deliv-
ered to French agents. The War Department
thought it all right without further inquiry.
A great commotion arose among a certain
class of our citizens. The War Department
went on without any regard to it. Direct deal-
ings with French agents were carried on so
openly in the glaring light of day, under the
very eyes of the Government, that its officials
with the least degree of watchfulness could not
have failed to discover the character of the
proceedings; but the War Department was
blind as well as deaf.
The honor and the international standing
of the country, the relations of this Govern-
ment with a large body of our citizens, the
laws of the land were absolutely left at the
mercy of General Dyer and Colonel Crispin—
a mere plaything in the hands of subordinate
officers, and the Administration did not wink.
There was, in one word, the completest anar-
chy in our public service with regard to one
of the most delicate, dangerous, and respon-
sible affairs ever conducted by this Govern ment,
and those at the head of the Government did
not in the least trouble themselves about it.
What were the consequences? Here at
home, under our very eyes, flagrant violations
of law and of orders, proceedings so unjusti-
fiable that no Government could have toler-
ated them that respected itself. And what
were the consequences abroad? I think we
heard something said in this debate to-day as
to our present standing in foreign countries.
What were the consequences of these proceed-
ings abroad ?
The Senator from Massachusetts and myself
were tauntingly told that if we insisted on this
inquiry the German Government would raise
claims against us, and we were inciting it to
do so. The gentlemen belonging to the ma-
jority of the committee must in the mean time
have come to the conclusion that when we
predicted that the German Government would
do nothing of the kind we understood the pol-
icy of that Government much better than they
did; that we were right in what we predicted.
Bismarck's policy not to disturb the relations
between Germany and the United States on
account of this matter, and to consider him-
self satisfied with the official position of this
Government as declared by the order of the War
Department was undoubtedly wise and well con-
sidered, and there is no reason to doubt that he
willadheretoit. But, sir,we must not forget that
such a policy was favored, nay, was rendered
possible only by very fortunate circumstances.
The war in France was carried on with unin-
terrupted success in spite of the arms imported
from the United States into that country ; and
Bismarck's pleasantry that he could pick up
these arms on the banks of the Loire cheaper
than he could buy them was rather cheap under
the circumstances. We also, I think, would
scarcely have had so long and so acrimonious
a quarrel with Great Britain, had that Power
during the war been otherwise friendly to
us, and had we captured the rebel cruisers
immediately after their leaving British ports,
before having burned a single American craft.
We might have considered it good policy to
overlook many things in order to keep up a
friendly understanding with a foreign Power,
had we not been materially damaged by its
delinquencies.
But, sir, what would have happened in this
case if, in consequence of the importation of
arms from the United States into France,
untoward accidents had befallen the German
armies; if defeats had occurred, if the war
had been materially prolonged ? Then i sub-
mit the matter would not have been dismissed
with a mere joke.
Was it not the part of a wise Government
to look forward and consider such possibil-
ities? Was it not wanton levity in our rulers
to trust the honor and the interests of our
country to mere fortunate chance? But as it
was, although we have been lucky enough to
