2382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
House adjourns to day it be to meet on Mon-
day next.
The question being taken, there were—ayes
37, noes 86.
Mr. MeNEELY. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We willadjourn
the instaut the previous question is ordered.
Mr. MeNEELY. I want to adjourn now.
I want to see what has been done this after-
noon.
The SPEAKER. If gentlemen make an
undebatable motion they must not debate it.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes nineteen, not one fifth of the last vote.
Mr. MeNEELY. I demand tellers on the
yeas and nays.
On the question of ordering tellers there
were—ayes twelve, not one fifth of a quorum.
So tellers were refused, the yeas and nays
were refused, and the motion that when the
House adjourns to day it be to meet on Mon-
day next was not agreed to.
Mr. MeNEELY. I move that the House
do now take a recess until seven o'clock this
evening.
The House divided, and there were—ayes
14, noes 109.
So the House refused to take a recess.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] to order the previous question on
the amendments.
The previous question was seconded—ayes
97, noes 24.
The main question was ordered.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accord-
inglyjat five o'clock and ten minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &o., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AMES : The application of Marshall
Conant for compensation in organizing and
forming the internal revenue department.
By_Mr. BELL: The petition of James E.
Larkin and others, for the passage of House
bill No. 1788.
By !Mr. BRAXTON: The petition of Alex.
S. Taylor, asking to have his political disabili-
ties removed.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee: The
memorial ot P. M. Williams, of Tennessee^
praying relief.
Also, the petition of James G. Rose, of
Tennessee, praying the removalof his political
disabilities.
Also, the petition of Sarah A. Timmons,
praying a pension on account of the services
of her deceased husband, Stephen D. Tim-
mons, company D, fourth Tennessee cavalry
volunteers.
By Mr. COTTON: The petition of citizens
of West Liberty, Iowa, asking that Congress
set apart to the dependent fiee colored people
in and about Washington a portion of the pub-
lic lands, and cause to be erected thereon
buildings for the aged and infirm.
By Mr. EAMES: The remonstrance of
Henry W. Gardner and others, citizens of
Rhode Island, against the repeal of the registry
laws and the registry of foieign-built ships.
By Mr. HALSEY: The petition of Josiah
Hornblower and others, of Hudson county,
Now Jersey, asking the enactment of a law to
prevent the absorption of the public lands
of the United States by railroads or other cor-
porations.
^ By Mr. MERRIAM : The protest of Lott
Frost and others, citizens of Jefferson county.
New York, against a reduction of duty on for-
eign salt.
By Mr. MONROE: The petition of A. G.
Beers aud 88 others, citizens of Ashland,
Ohio, praying Congress to pass House bill
No. 1738.
By Mr. MOREY: The petition of the Choc-
taw nation, protesting against the passage of
the third section of House bill No. 2232 to
dispose of the military reserve at Fort Smith,
Arkansas.
By Mr. L. MYERS: The petition of Henry
Brunner, jr., Turner G. Morehead, H. A.
Brown, H. H. K. Elliott, William Lawson,
and 95 others, citizens of Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania, for the passage of House bill No.
1738, entitled "A bill allowing totally and
partially disabled soldiers and seamen in-
creased pensions."
By. Mr. PACKARD : The petition of citi-
zens of Lake county, Indiana, for the imme-
diate repeal of the duties on coal, salt, and pig
iron.
By Mr. PARKER, of New Hampshire:
The petition of George S. Dean aud 41 others,
citizens of Grafton county, New Hampshire,
praying the passage of House bill No. 1728,
granting relief to invalid soldiers.
By Mr. PETERS : The petition of J. S.
Wheelright and others, in favor of House bill
No. 1738.
By Mr. WILLARD: The memorial of Bar-
bara McGleason for a pension.
IN SENATE.
Friday, April 12, 1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday's proceedings.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I move to dispense with
the further reading of the J ournal this morning.
Mr. ROBERTSON. 1 hope not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nebraska asks unanimous consent that
the reading of the Journal be dispensed with
for the purpose of calling up a bridge bill.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I certainly
have no objection to the calling up of the
Senator's bill if the reading of the Journal
will be continued afterward.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a local
bill which the Senator from Nebraska has
several times already called up.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I do not
object to the bill.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the bill will be regarded as up.
Air. HITCHCOCK. It is Senate bill No.
828, reported from the Committee oil Post
Offices and Post Roads.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maryland states, however, that he desires
to hear the remainder of the Journal read,
and the Journal must first be read, if at alij
before any business is entered upon. If the
Senator desires to hear the remainder of it read,
the Secretary will resume the reading of it
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Yes, sir.
The Secretary resumed and concluded the
reading of the Journal.
bridge at nebraska city.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate,
by unanimous consent, authorized the Sen-
ator from Nebraska to call up a bill, subject to
objection if it should give rise to debate. It
is a bridge bill leported from the Committee
on Post Offices aud Post Roads.
Mr. HI1CHCOCK. It is Senate bill No.
828, and 1 hope the Senate will take it up.
ihe Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 828)
authorizing the construction of a bridge across
the Missouri river opposite to or within the
corporate limits ol Nebraska City, Nebraska.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads reported the bill with amendments.
The first amendment was in section one, line
fourteen, after the word " bridge," to strike
out the following words :
For a reasonably remunerative compensation, to
be fixed and established by the mayor and city
council of Nebraska City aforesaid, to be paid by
the owners thereof.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
And that said bridge shall not interfere with the
free navigation of said rivei beyond what is neces-
sary to carry into effect the rights and privileges
hereby granted; and.
So that the section will read:
That it shall be lawful for the Nebraska City Bridge
Company, a corporation having authority Irorn the
tit ate of Nebraska and from the State of Iowa, to build
a railroad, transit, and wagon-bridge across the Mis-
souri river, opposite to or in the immediate vicin-
ity of Nebraska City, in the county of Otoe and
State of Nebraska; and that when constructed all
trains of railroads terminating at the Missouri river
at or near the location of said bridge shall be allowed
to cross said bridge fur a reasonable compensation,
to be paid t,o the owners thereof; and that all other
property, goods, passengers, teams, and other modes
of transit shall be allowed to cross said bridge, and
that said bridgc_ shall not interlere with the free
navigation of said river beyond what is necessary in
order to carry into effect the rights and privileges
hereby granted; and in case of any litigation aris-
ing from any obstruction, or alleged obstruction, to
tlie free navigation of said river, the cause may be
tried betore the circuit court of the United Statesof
any State in which any portion of said obstruction
or bridge touches.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line seven, after the word " assigned," to in-
sert the words '"without any remunerative
compensation;" in line eleven, after the word
" transfer," to insert the words " upon the
payment of the reasonable expenses thereof
and at the end of the section to add the follow-
ing proviso:
Provided, That the said Nebraska City Bridge
Company, and their associates, shall fail to com-
mence in good faith the erection of said bridge
within one year from the passage of this act, and
complete the said bridge without unnecessary and
unreasonable delay in accordance with the provis-
ions of this charter.
So that the section will read :
Sec. 2. That the corporators named in the above
incorporation shall hold the said charter here
granted in trust for the sole and exclusive use and
benefit of any person or persons, company or com-
panies, corporation or corporations, who shall build,
erect, and complete such bridge herein provided in
accordance with the provisions of this act; and said
original incorporators shall transfer and assign,
without any remunerative compensation, all their
rights to any party or parties, company or coin-''
panies, corporation or corporations, who shall erect
said bridge; and if said corporators, or any of theui,
shall refuse or tail to make such transfer, upon the
payment of the reasonable expenses thereof, they
may be compelled to do so by any court having ju-
risdiction : Provided, That the said Nebraska City
linage Company, and their associates, shall fail to
commence m good faith the erection of said bridge
within one year from the passage of this act. and
complete the said bridge without unnecessary and
unreasonable delay in accordance with the provis-
ions of this charter.
The amendment, was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
third section of the hi 11 in the following words:
Sec. 3. That any bridge built under the provisions
of this act shaft not be in any easo ofless elevation than
fifty feet above extreme high-waterinark, as under-
stood at the point of location, to the bottom chord of
the bridge, unless such bridge shall be constructed
with such necessary draw or draws as shall not ob-
struct the free navigation of said river; nor shall tho
spans be of less than two hundred feet in length in
the clear and the piers of said bridgeshall bepaial-
lel with the current of the river, and the main span
shall be over the main channel of the river.
And to insert in liou thereof the following:
That any bridge built under the provisions of this
act may, at the option of person or persons, or cor-
poration building tho same, be built as a draw-
bridge, with a pivot-draw, or with unbroken or con-
tinuous spans : Provided, That if the same shall lie
made of unbroken continuous spans, it shall not be
ol less elevation, in any case, than fifty feet above
extreme high-water mark, as understood at the
point ot location, to the bottom chord of the bridge,
nor shall the spans of said bridge be leas than thieo
hundred, and filty feet m length; and the piers of
said budge shall bo parallel with the current of tho
river, and the mam span t>hall be over the main
channel of the river, and not less than three hun-
dred leet 111 length: And provided also, That if a
bodge shall be built undeT this act as a draw-bridge,
the same shall be constructed as a pivot draw-
bridge, with a draw over the main channel of the
uver at an accessible and navigable point, and with
spans ot not lush than one hundred and sixty feet m
length in the clear on each side of the central or
pivot-pier oi the draw, and the next adjoining spans
draw shall not be less than two hundred and
luty icet; and said spans shall not be less than
