1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
148?
the United States, post office, and other offices
of the Government, and appropriates $100,000,
to bo expended under the direction of the Sec-
retary ot' the Treasury, who is to cause proper
plans and estimates to be made, so that the
whole expenditure for the erection arid comple-
tion of the building shall not exceed $200,000.
The Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds reported the bill with amendments.
The first amendment was in line five, after
the word "building," to insert the words "with
a Dre-proof vault extending to each story."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines thirteen
imd fourteen, after the word "exceed," to
strikeout "$200,000" and insert " the sum
hereby appropriated."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, read the third time, and
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Alabama has morning business and declines to
yield further.
Mr. SPENCER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Petitions must
first be received, however.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, presented five
petitions of citizens of Michigan, praying that
the Chicago relief bill may not pass with any
provision for the remission of the duties on
lumber; which were ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. RAMSEY presented additional papers
relating to the application of Samson W. Fry
for additional bounty; which were referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FENTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Albany, New York, merchants, deal-
ers in tea and coffee, praying that if the law
abolishing or reducing duties on tea and coffee
shall pass, at least ninety days' time be granted
before the same shall take effect, so that all
may be prepared alike to meet the change;
which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Troy, New York, praying that if the bill for
the repeal of the duties on tea and coffee should
become a lav/, it shall not take effect for at
least ninety days after its enactment; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
lie also presented a petition of citizens of
Buffalo, New York, merchants, dealers in tea
and coffee, praying that if the law abolishing or
reducing duties on tea and coffee shall pass,
at least ninety days' time be granted before
the same shall take effect, so that all may be
prepared alike to meet the change; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented two memorials of citizens
of Onondaga county, New York, remonstrating
against the reduction of the duties upon foreign
salt; which were referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. FENTON. I present also a petition
from citizens of Onondaga county, New York,
who after stating that our own country is right-
fully entitled to perform the mechanical and
other work required to supply the national
demand for labor, ask at the hands of their
Representatives such legislation with refer-
ence to the tariff as will secure to them, as far
as possible, the complete monopoly of the
labor of the country. This petition I think
should also go to the Committee on Finance,
and I move its reference to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT presented additional papers
relating to the claim of Anna Peale, daugh-
ter of Franklin Peale, for remuneration for
certain services of her father; which were
referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Juniata county, Pennsylvania, praying for the
passage of a special act granting a pension to
John Carbaugh, late private, unassigned, forty-
sixth regiment Pennsylvania volunteers; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
_ Mr. SCOTT. I also present two petitions
signed by a number of persons, citizens of
Pennsylvania^ Ohio, West Virginia, Kentucky,
and Indiana, interested either as transporters
upon the waters of the Ohio river or as con-
sumers of the commodities thus transported.
They call attention to a report of the engin-
eer's department made at the late special ses-
sion of the present Congress and priated in
Executive Document No. 1, relating to the
damaging character of the bridge at Steuben-
ville, as it affects the interests of navigation,
and praying for that relief from the bridge of
which they complain recommended by the
official organ of the Government appointed
for the special purpose of inquiring into the
subject-matter of their complaint, the results
of whose investigations, with the requisite
remedy for the wrong, they ascertained are
fully set forth in that report. I move the ref-
erence of these petitions to the Committee on
Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. I also present a petition signed
by a number of citizens of Alleghany county,
Pennsylvania, who are interested in the trans-
portation business upon the Ohio river, and
set out that for the purpose of preventing an
obstruction to the navigation by the erection
under the law of the Parkersburg bridge, they
contributed some $30,000 for the purpose of
procuring an extension of the span of that
bridge. They furnish with this petition the
evidence that they did pay that amount of
money, and ask that it be reimbursed to the
individuals who paid it. I presented some
time ago a similar petition, which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce ; and I move
that this petition, with the accompanying evi-
dence, be referred to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. OSBORN presented the memorial of
W. H. Gleason, asking that a light-house be
constructed at the harbor of Punta Kassa, on
Sanibel island, Florida, and giving statistics
of a portion of the commerce of that harbor;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of
female employfis in the model room of the
Patent Office, praying increase of pay to sev-
enty-five dollars per month; which was referred
to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Ohio, praying that a bounty of $100
be allowed to those who served in the late
war and who were honorably discharged before
or after the expiration of two years of their
enlistment; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CHANDLER. I present a memorial
of the National Board of Trade representing
some forty or fifty different Boards of Trade
throughout the United States in all of the
large cities of the United States. These
memorialists ask that Congress pass a law at
its present session authorizing American cit-
izens to purchase foreign-built ships, and to
register them for service under the Amer-
ican flag in our foreign maritime commerce ;
and also, as a low cost of maintenance is no
less necessary than a low cost of construc-
tion, that all articles of foreign productneeded
for subsistence on board vessels engaged in
foreign trade, or in the sailing or repairing of
steamships or sailing-vessels, may be with-
drawn free of duty from bonded warehouses,
and divers and sundry other things. I move
that the memorial be printed and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON presented a memorial of
citizens of Pennsylvania concerning the in-
justice of the present method of assessing the
tax on distilleries; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of anthracite
coal miners of Pennsylvania, praying that the
duty on bituminous coal may be allowed to
remain at $1 50 per ton, and pointing out the
reasons which urge them to make this appeal
for the protection of their fellow-miners;
which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
RAILROAD MAIL TRANSPORTATION.
Mr. CAMERON. While I am on my feet,
I desire to present a telegram which I received
last night of a somewhat personal nature; and
I ask to have it read, so that it may appear in
the Globe.
The Secretary read a3 follows:
New York, March 6, 1872, 9.10 p. m.
Allow me to thank you for prompt response on
my behalf to a circular read in Senate to-day at tho
instance of Senator Morrill. of Vermont. No such
use of my name was ever authorized. I heard of it
in Washington in January last, and called upon
Mr. Smith for explanation, when ho assured me that
no such application had been or would be presented
to either House ot Congress.
THOMAS A. SCOTT.
Hon. Simon Cameron, United States Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that this telegram
lie on the table, with the paper which was
presented yesterday.
The motion was agreed to.
FORT RIPLEY RESERVATION.
Mr. AMES. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
530) to provide for the disposition of that por-
tion of the military reservation at Fort Rip-
ley, Minnesota, which lies east of (he Missis-
sippi river, have had the same under consider-
ation, and direct me to report it back without
amendment and recommend its passage, and
I ask that it be considered at the present time.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is very brief.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to authorize the
Secretary of War to transfer to the custody
and control of the Secretary of the Interior,
for dispesition according to the existing laws
of the United States relating to the public
lands, such portions of the reservation at Fort
Ripley, in the State of Minnesota, lying east
of the Mississippi river, as may no longer be
required for military purposes.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
CHANGE OP VESSELS* NAMES.
Mr. SPENCER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 035) to change the name of the pleasure-
yachtLoisto thatof Sea-Witch, have instructed
me to report it back with an amendment and
recommend its passage. I ask that it be con-
sidered at the present time.
By unanimous -consent, the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment of the Committee on Com-
merce was to add the following as an addi-
tional section:
Sec. 2. That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and
is hereby, authorized to change the name of the yacht
William M. Tweed, owned by A. B. Stockwell, of
the city of New York, to that of Julia, and grant
said yacht registry in said name.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The amendment was ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third rime, and passed.
The title was .amended so as to read, "A
bill to change the name of the pleasure-yacht
Lois to that of Sea-Witch, and that of Wil-
liam M. Tweed to that of Julia."
PRESIDIO RESERVATION.
Mr. COLE. I should like to call up Sen-
ate bill No. 310, in relation to the Presidio
reservation at San Francisco,
