1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
42d Cons....2d Sess.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Schurz.
Senate,
escape an interruption of our friendly rela-
tions with a friendly Government, there is
another thing we have not escaped. We must
not forget that in the long run the strength of
our diplomacy consists in a favorable public
opinion abroad; that what we say,will be
respected by Governments in the same meas-
ure as their people think well of us.
. Now, sir, what is public opinion abroad with
reference to this subject? How has it been
affected by this business ? Let us flatter our-
selves with no delusions. In Germany the
people think and say that we have treated
them to very fair words of sympathy, and in
the mean time our Government has furnished
their enemies with arms. In France the peo-
ple say that we have indeed furnished them
ordnance stores, but have taken advantage of
their misfortunes and necessities to drive a
hard bargain. What they think and say in
England at this moment I need not further
detail, nor will I go through the rest of the
list. The result of it, then, is that we have
forfeited to a very great degree the confidence,
the esteem, and the friendship of foreign
nations.
And now what is the justification of all
this ? It is, as the officers of the Government
testifying before the committee, and indeed
the committee itself, proclaim with great ex-
ultation, that we have made much money; that
if we had not taken advantage of a foreign
war to sell these armswe could not in time of
peace have received half the price for them.
We have made money, gentlemen ; let us re-
joice. We could not have sold the arms so
profitably had we not permitted them to go to
the battle-fields of the French-German war,
and we have indeed made money. Have we
violated the laws? Never mind; we have
made money. Have we offended a respect-
able and patriotic class of American citizens?
No matter; we have made money. Have we
imperiled our friendly relations with a foreign
Government? Never mind that; wehavemade
money. Have we forfeited the affection and
the esteem of foreign nations? No matter;
we have made money.
Well, gentlemen, how much money, then,
have we made? I have figured it up some-
what minutely, and I find that had we refrained
from selling these arms in times of war, we
might in peaceable times have received per-
haps two and a half or three million dollars
less for them. I will put it at a higher figure
and say we have actually made four millions
which otherwise we would not have made.
Well, then, this is a nation of forty millions,
and the four millions make a gain per capita
of just ten cents. So we have made ten cents
apiece, gentlemen. [Laughter.] For ten
cents a head we have violated and trampled
under foot the laws of this country; for ten
cents a head offended a very large and patri-
otic class of our citizens; for ten cents a head
imperiled our relations with a foreign Gov-
ernment; for ten cents a head forfeited the
esteem and friendship of foreign nations. Let
us rejoice, Americans; we have madeten cents
a head. [Laughter.] Is this worthy of this
proud Republic; worthy of the great Amer-
ican people ?
When mere money becomes the motive of
action of a great Government at the expense
of duty and honor, then that nation certainly
is on its downward course. Napoleon insult-
ingly said of the British that they were a na-
tion of shop-keepers. Let the cry of money be
generally accepted as a justification for every-
thing, and the American people will soon be
degraded to the level 8f a nation of horse-
traders. Is that what you will have? Shame
upon those who, in justification o" wrong, use
so degrading an argument—although 1 may
Bay it is well in keeping with the spirit of an
Administration whose head permitted one of
his friends to claim a second term of office for
him on the ground that he had accepted the
Presidency of the United States only with the
understanding that he should enjoy its emolu-
ments for eight years—perhaps the first time
that the highest honor of the Republic was
looked at in a pecuniary light.
Consider now, sir, what must have been the
cause of such blunders, blunders so dangerous
and so disgraceful as are here disclosed?
How can it happen that the highest interests
and the honor of a great people can be put so
recklessly at the mercy of mere subordinate
officers, and that all higher considerations are
sacrificed for mere gain ? It is that there is
no intelligent head at the helm of this Gov-
ernment; ho head understanding and appre-
ciating the greatness of its duties and respon-
sibilities. That is the cause. It is as if a
parcel of boys were playing with the great
powers of the State. Only thus can it happen
that the Government becomes the foot-ball of
official anarchy and of capricious accident.
And it is the justification of just such things
that this committee has undertaken.
Now, sir, I repeat, if there is anything worse
than the action of the Administration and of
its officers in this case, it is the attitude of its
defenders. Look at the full significance of
th-is report. What lesson does it teach the
officers of the Government? It tells them
that they may violate the laws as they please,
and here they will always find a ready defense.
It- tells them, as the evidence in this case
shows, that they may put forth the flimsiest
pretenses, the shallowestaubterfuges, the most
bare-faced jugglery, such as that with which
the transactions between Remington and the
Department were attempted to be covered up,
and here they will always find men violently
closing their eyes against the most glaring
facts; and that they can always rely upon the
friends of the Administration in Congress
ready to exhaust their whole ingenuity to pro-
tect those in power.
Have you considered what that means and
what it will lead to? Let the officers of the
Government understand that they can violate
the laws of the land and the orders of their
superiors with entire security, and what will
become of their respect for the law and of
their obedience to superior authority ? Where
will their lawless assumptions stop if we with
thoughtless levity defend and justify them?
Where will the safety of our public concerns
be if we teach our public servants they can do
what they please and we shall not hold them
to account ? What kind of spirit are we en-
couraging in the executive branch of this Gov-
ernment if we make it feel that its transgres-
sions, howeverscandalons, and its usurpations,
however glaring, will always, even under the
extremest circumstances, find defense and pro-
tection in the legislative halls of the Republic?
Let this go on, and you will prepare for
absolute power on one side and for absolute
and degrading subserviency on the other; and
indeed we have already gone very far. We
have already seen strange things, very strange
things right here upon this floor. Sometimes
it has already appealed as if there were but
one ruling will in this Republic, and as if the
rest of us had only to bow our heads in sub-
missive obedience. Let me give you an exam-
ple which may still be fresh in the memories
of some of ns.
Do you remember the day when the Senator
from Massachusetts was removed from the
head of the Committee on Foreign Relations,
a position he had filled so long with so much
honor to himself and so much advantage to
this country? I remember that day well; it
was a sad day for the Senate. Do you remem-
ber how in the debate of that day the question
was passed around, what reason could ,ba
assigned for the degradation, of that dis-:
tinguished gentleman ? and when the only tangi-.
ble answer was that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts had ata dinner-table refused to notice
a question addressed to him by the Secretary
of State; and to this very day it has not been
decided yet whether that question was on duck
or partridge. [Laughter.] Do you remember
how in that debate every Senator who spoke
on the Administration side seemed anxious to
shake off from his shoulders the responsibility
for that act, as if ready to exclaim, "Thou
canst not say I did it." Ah, sir, if nobody on
this floor did it, who did it then ? No impar-
tial observer could have listened to that debate
without jumping to the conclusion that it was
the President's will that did it; that the Presi-
dent's will stalked into this Senate Chamber
demanding the head of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts ; that to the President's will that
head was given; and that before the Presi-
dent's will on that day the Senate lay in painful
prostration.
I remember another spectacle of equal sig-
nificance, to which the Senator from Massa-
chusetts has already alluded to-day. It was
when the Executive was arraigned for his open
and flagrant usurpation of the war power in
the San Domingo case. That act of usurpa-
tion, striking at the very foundations of con-
stitutional government, was so clearly proven
by documentary evidence, by the showing of
the Administration itself, by arguments so ir-
refutable, and by conclusions go imperative,
that the whole ingenuity of the President's
defenders exhausted itself in utterly useless
efforts. And yet the Senate, seeing the Ad-
ministration in danger, did not rise up to the
supreme duty of vindicating the fundamental
law of the land, of protecting against wanton
encroachments those safeguards with which
the Constitution surrounds the rights of the
people, the prerogatives of the national Legis-
lature, and the peace and safety and honor of
the country. That flagrant act of usurpation
on the part of the President was tamely acqui-
esced in, and remains tamely acquiesced into
this very day; the Constitution remains vio-
lated with impunity and.without remonstrance;
and a precedent was then established which,
if suffered to become a rule of constitutional
construction, places the war power, that is, the
peace, the honor, and the welfare of the Amer-
ican Republic, at the mercy of one single man's
ambition and recklessness. The Senate sub-
mitted then, and is submitting yet.
But, however alarming those occurrences
may have been, they are even surpassed in
dangerous tendency by what we now see before
us. This report seems to cap the climax in a
certain respect, for I believe never in the his-
tory of this country has every respect for evi-
dence and fact as proven by evidence, have the
privileges of the national legislator, have the
principles upon which every civilized Govern-
ment regulates its international conduct, have
the laws of the land, have the safety of our
free institutions and the rights and liberties of
the citizen which find their security in the
sanctity of the laws, been more recklessly
thrown at the feet of executive officers than it
is done by that daring justification of wrong
and the destructive doctrines advanced in this
document.
And why is this done? Sir, I would not be
the first man in this case to discuss the
motives of other Senators, but the committee
have set an example for following which they
must not find fault with me. The committee
say:
" But in that case
Meaning if we had obtained our information
from the Departments directly—
" Chambrun would have failed in his effort to use
