1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4115
ence supplies furnished to the Army of the
United Stales, and for oilier purposes" which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. BECK. 1 move that, the bill be referred
to the Committee on the Revision of'the Laws
of the United States, and be printed.
Mr. STOUGH I'ON. I think it. ought to go
to the Committee on Military Affairs, which
has the same subject under consideration.
Mr. BECK. I have presented the bill at
the ins'inice of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. ICehu,] who is now absent upon a com-
mittee of conference, anil who tequesied that
the hill might be leferred to the Committee on
the Revision of the Laws of the United States.
The motion of Mr. Beck was agreed to.
OUDER OF BUSINESS
Mr. PENDLETON. I am instructed by
the Cormui'tee on Printing to call up from the
Speakei's table Senate bill No. 1182.
The SPEAKIiK. The Chair will take up
bills in their order. The House is already
acting under an order to proceed with the'con-
sideration of biils on the Speaker's table.
31AHSIIAL OF SOU I'll CAROLINA.
The first business on the Speaker's table was
the amendments of the Senate to the bill (II.
R. No. 2683) to grant additional compensation
to the marshal of the district of South Catolina
for the peril >d of lour months and ten days.
The amendments of the Senate were read,
as follows:
In line twelve, on page 1, strike out "February"
and insert " April."
Amend the title so as to read, "An act to grant
additional compensation to the marshal of the dis-
trict ot Suutb Carolina."
Mr. PETERS. I move that the House
concur in the amendments. This bill was
unanimously repotted by the Committee on
the Judiciaiy, and was passed by the House
upon a full explanation. The object of the
bill is to allow Mr. Johnson, who was marshal
of South Carolina, his actual expenses in the
arrest of persons under the Ku Iilnx act. The
measure was recommended by the Attorney
Geneial and by Jnd^e Bond, and the commit-
tee were well satisfied that it ought to pass.
In the Senate Mr. Wallace satisfied the coin-
mi tee that he was at similar expense in con-
tinuing the same business up to April of the
same year, and it extends the payment up to
April to his successor. 1 hope there will be
no objection.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirma-
tive) the amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
DENVER AND ItIO GRANDE RAILROAD COMPANY.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. W84) granting the right of
way through the public lands to the Denver
and ltiu Grande Railway Company, which
was returned (rum the Senate with noti-con-
currence i  the amendment of lhe House and
a reque-t lor a couuuinee of conference
Mr KEl'CUAM. I move that the request
of the Senate for a committee of conference
be acceded to.
The motion was agreed to.
INDIANS OK NOHTtlKKN SUPEKINTBNDENCY.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No 508) for the relief of certain
tribes of Indians in the northern superintend-
ency, returned from the Senate with amend-
ment of the House non-concurred in and a
request for a committee of conference.
There was no objection; and a committee of
conference was uideied on the disagreeing
Votes of the two Houses.
It. II. PRATT.
The next, business on the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 549) for the relief of It. H.
Pratt; which was taken up and read a first
and second time.
The bili, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized
and directed to pay to li. H. Pratt, tirst lieuten-
ant tenth cavalry, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of $'200. for horse Rtoleti from him by Coman-
che Indians in 1869.
Mr. HOLM AN. That bill ought to be re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims, and I
make tliat motion.
The motion was*ogreed to.
8 D HOUSTON.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 549) for lhe relief of S. D.
Houston, late receiver of public moneys at
Junction City, in lhe State ol Kansas; which
was taken up, and read a fitst and second
time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
bill he referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. LOWE. If the motion to refer is
insisted on. I would prefer that, the bill should
be retained on the Speaker's table.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
sum of $223 34 be appropriated, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to reimburse S. D. Houston, late
receiver of public moneys at the United States
land office at Junction City, Kansas, for one
month's salary and commissions paid to John
Williams, the register of that office, after the
act of the 2d of March, 18G7, known as the
"civil tenure office law;" and thai in the
settlement of the accounts of said Houston
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
be authorized to allow and pay the sum of
$223 34, as settlement in fu:l of payment
made lo John Williams by S. D. Houston.
Mr. MAYNARD. That is a very small
matter, and unless the statements can be im-
paired I hope the bill will be passed.
The SPEAKER. That is the question.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended, and the bill was passed.
BLACK BOB INDIAN LANDS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was an act (S No. 620) for the sale of the
Black Boh Indian lands, in the State of Kansas;
which was taken up, and read a first and
second time.
Mr. SHANKS. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
klbkidgk gerry.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 63G) for the relief of Elbridge
Gerry; which was taken up, and read a first
and second time.
'The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury he authorized to
pay to Elbridge Gerry the sum of $7,650, out
of any monejs in the Treasury belonging to
or which may hereafter become due to the fol-
lowing Indian tribes, and in full of all his de-
mands against them on account of loss of
stock in the years 1864 and 1865, to wit, the
Cheyennes, Biulfe Sioux, and OgallaHa Sioux;
the money to be paid Irom the respective funds
of the tubes, as follows: from the fund of
the Cheyennes. $3,300; from the fund of the
Brul6 Sioux. $1,050; and from the fund of the
Ogallalla Sioux, $3,300.
Mr. BURDEIT. This matter of the claim
of Elbridge Gerry was before the Committee
on Indian Afidiis. On regular call of the
committee a bill was reported appropriating
a sum of $13,200. The committee weie not
only satisfied that Elbridge Gerry was clearly
entitled to the sum specified in lhe Senate bill
and to the larger sum of $13,200, and further
that it should not come out of any Indian
money as specified in the Senate hill, but
ought to be, as that committee reported, a
direct appropriation from the Treasury.
I move, therefore, Mr. Speaker, a substitute,
for the Senate bill, which I seud to the desk to
be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out ail after the enacting clause, and insert
the following:
That there be, and is hereby, appropriated out of
any moneys in the Treasury of the United States
not otherwise appropriated, the sum of$13 200, to be
pnid by the Secretary of the Treasury to El bridge
Gerry, in full compensation fur valuable services
rendered the Government in 1864.
Mr. HOLMAN. I raise the point of order
that this amendment is not germane to the
bill. The Senate bill is to pay ihis mail out
of certain Indian funds. This is io pay lam
out of the Treasury of the Uni ed States.
The SPEAKER. As the Ho use is acting
under a suspension of the rules, the poiut of
order would not apply.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 ask that the bill of the
Senate and the amendment of the gentleman
from Missouri be again read.
The hill and amendments were again read.
Mr. HOLMAN. The amendment is a prop-
osition which certainly is not germane to the
bill.
Mr. BURDETT. With the consent of the
House I would like a few moments to make a
statement of this case. My objection to the
form of the Senate bill, which approptiates
from the lunds of these Indians, is this, that
it is at best a mere pretense; and lhat. just so
much as we take from the funds of the Indians,
provided they have any in the Treasury sub-
ject to such draft, will hereafter have to be
made up in the regular Indian appropriation
bill; and we will find lhe appropriation in it so
soon as another Indian appropriation bill
comes in to the House.
Now, let me say one word as to the case
i'self. 'This Elbridge Gerry lived in Colorado
Territory, and had lived there for many years.
He was and ever had been on friendly terms
with the Indians. In 1864, when the first
attacks upon the white settlements wete made
by the Brul6 and other Sioux, two old chiefs
came to his house and notified him of the time
and place and all the circumstances of the
attack. 'They came to him, as an old ftiend,
to warn him lo gather in hia stock, that he
might not suffer any loss. The proof is ample
and beyond all quest'on that he had gatlieted
around hitn a very large amount of valuable
stock. He was a tlnifty man.
Well, sir, instead of waiting one mo-
ment lo secure a sing'e head of his stock,
scattered all over the Territory, ihis man
Gerry, in the night-time, mounted lis burse
and for iwo days, without resi, made his way
along the line of settlement, giving notice io
all along the trail and eventually at the capital
of the Teriitory. The result was that, such
proceedings were had that a slaughter was
prevented. This is testified toby the Governor
of the Teriitory, who says lhat Elbtidge Gerry
rendered services which the people of the
country never can sufficiently ivpay him.
'J his bill is simply to repay htm for such
stock as weie actually taken and dtiven a ay,
upon the confession of the Indians themselves
viho were engaged in that raid.
And now, m<ti k you, while Gerry by his self-
denying efforts prevented the lobbery and
slaughter of the settlers, it was at oi.ee ascer-
tained by ihe Indians from whom ihe news
came; and his properly and lanches being
alone left defenseless, were attacked, and ho
alone was the sufferer.
This sum of $13,200 was not one fourth
of the amount which is pioved to have been
lost by him, in consequence of his sell denying
efforts. And therefore the Committee on In-
dian Affairs thought it but just that this sum,
comparatively a small one, should be appro-
priated direcily from ihe 'ireasury.
Mr. ADAMS. As one of the members of
the Committee on Indian Affairs by whom
this claim of Mr. Geiry was considered I
could not agree to the conclusions arrived at
by the commi tee. I concede that the state-
ment made by the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Burdett] is substantially correct. But
Mr. Gerry must have had a considerable num-
ber of emploj6s to takecharge of the immense
amount of stock he had. It was takfn by the
Indians, and it does no t appear that he left any
