1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
591
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust the Senator
will not press that motion now, but let us
take up the apportionment, bill, so that it will
be in order at one o'clock to-morrow to pro-
ceed with it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island insist 011 his motion?
Mr. ANTHONY. We might as well take
the vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I hope the Senate
will not agree to the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Rhode
Island, that when the Senate adjourns to-day
it adjourn to meet 011 Monday next.
The motion was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 23, noes 25.
apportionment op representatives.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Imove that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the apportion-
ment bill, being House bill No. 243.
The motion was agreed to.
executive session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
The motion was agreed to ; and after nine-
teen minutes spent in the consideration of
executive business the doors were reopened,
and (at four o'clock and thirty-four minutes
p. m.)the Sanate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 25, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. J. P. Newman, D. D., Chaplain of
the Senate.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
educational fund.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour begins
at ten minutes past twelve o'clock, and the
House resumes the consideration of the bill
(H. R. No. 1043) to establish an educational
fund, and to apply the proceeds of the public
lands to the education of the people. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Speaker, the earliest
American constitution which contains a bill
of rights was adopted by Virginia on the 29th
day of June, 1776. It was largely inspired bv
Jefferson, with the fire3 of the Declaration of
Independence still burning in heart and brain.
It contains this sentence:
"No free Government or the blessings of liberty
can be preserved to any people-but by a frequent
recurrence to fundamental principles."
This sentence is repeated in the constitutions
of many of the other original States. It was
copied into that of Massachusetts, by the pen
of John Adams. Our late wise and venerable
Chief Justice delighted to quote it. I suppose
our fathers meant to assort that it was not uppn
ihe form or mechanism that they were contriv-
ing, but on the ideas and principles upon which
it was based, that they depended for the per-
manence of their work. Possessed by this pro-
found truth, the Democratic party of the State
of Connecticut, in the year 1870, in State con-
vention resolved—
"That the source of power being in the people, free
schools and general education are essential to good
government and the pexpetuation of free institu-
tions."
What prompted this admirable utterance I
do not know. Whether it was sincere will per-
haps be shown by the action of the political
associates of these gentlemen in relation to
this measure. Perhaps the Connecticut Dem-
ocrats were led to assert this fundamental prin-
ciple by the memory of the fact that it was
to the statesmen of Connecticut largely that
this country owes the admirable division of
power between the nation and the States upon
which the permanence of our institutions and
the liberties of our people so largely depend.
I desire, while so much fear is expressed that
the necessities of self-preservation and recon-
struction have caused an encroachment by the
General Government on the proper functions
of the States, to spend a little time in asking
the favor of the House to a measure calculated
to secure State rights.
Our Republic differs from all other forms of
civil polity, not only in its object, but also in
its mechanism. The principle of democracy
was no new thing in history. Lofty and gen-
erous conceptions of the end of government
have in almost every age lent a charm to the
dreams of poets and the theories of philoso-
phers. But the peculiar division of powers
between the general and the local authority,
which is the distinction, and to foreigners the
puzzle of the American Constitution, was first
conceived in the Convention of 1787, and was
due largely to three or four of the members
of that body. Men trained in European
methods of thought find it hard to under-
stand how there can exist two separate and
distinct sovereignties, the State and the nation,
whose jurisdictions cover precisely the same
territory, and are distinguished only by the
subject-matter over which they extend, and
yet which no more jostle or jar each other
than the light and heat which pass from the
sun to the planets crowd out the forces of
gravitation which chain them in their orbits.
This admirable arrangement combines the
strength of a great empire with the freedom
of the smallest democracy. The national
power which defends, the local self-govern-
ment which educates the citizen are here com-
bined. But the sincere friends of State rights
sometimes forget, the noisy and blatant pre-
tenders to such friendship cannot understand,
that as the division between these two func-
tions is not material or territorial, so the
security which each has against an infringe-
ment by the other is moral and not physical.
I11 their ordinary routine, the duties of the
State and the nation never conflict. The lines
which separate them are distinct and plain to
be seen. The surest way to prevent them from
being obliterated is to prevent the recurrence
of those great State necessities in the pres-
ence of which the people can afford to neglect
no means and fail to use uo instruments
which are needful to the public safety.
If the Democratic party had opposed the
rebellion, the vast and undefined war powers
would have slumbered in the Constitution for-
ever. If the Democratic party had opposed
murder and outrage on unoffending citizens
at the South, the legislation of last spring and
the proclamation ot' martial law would have
been unheard of. If the Democratic party
will honestly lend its aid in promoting educa-
tion at the South by State instrumentalities, 110
others will be needed or desired.
How ignorance renders necessary those
appeals to the central power which have of
late excited alarm for the powers of the States,
the following extract from the remarks of
Judge Bond, of the United States circuit
court, to the prisoners just convicted in the
Ku Klux trials, furnish an impressive lesson:
" (JloHt of the Kit Klux TriaU—Judge Bond'% Charge
to the Prisonpi-x—Judge Bond thereupon addressed
the following remarks to the prisoners:
" You have pleaded guilty to an indictment which
charges you with conspiring with other men through-
out this State to intnmdato a certain class of voters
by means of threats, beating, and even killing,
because that class of citizens were opposed to the
conspirators in political opinion. We acknowledge
great perplexity in determining what punishment
should be meted out to you.
"We have no words strong enough to signify our
horror at the means employed to carry out the pur-
pose of the Klaus. Our difficulty is personal to you.
You have, as it appears from your statements to the
court, been brought up in theniostdeplorableignor-
ancc. At the age ot manhood, but one or two of
you can either read or write, and you have lived in
a community where the evidence seems to establish
the tact that the men of prominence o.nd education,
those who by their superiority in theso respects
establish and control public opinion, were for the l
most part participants m the conspiracy, or so much
in terror of it that you could obtain from them
neither protection nor advice, had you soughtit. ' I
"There is abundant proof of the nature and char-
acter of the conspiracy. Evidence of mighty raids
by bands of disguised men, who broke into the houses
of negroes and dragged them from their beds parents
and children, and, tying them to trees, unmercifully
beat them, is exhibited in every ease. Murder and
rape are not unfrequent accompaniments, the story
of which is too indecent for public mention. The
persons upon whom these atrocities are committed
are almost always colored people. Whatever excuse
is given for a raid, its conclusion was almost always
accompanied by a rebuke for the former exercise of
the suffrage and a warning as to the future exercise
of the right to vote. But what is quite as appalling
to the court as the horrible nature of these offenses,
is the utter absence on your part, and on the part
of others who have made confession here, of any
sense of feeling that you have done anything very
wrong in your confessed participation in outrages
which are unexampled outside of the Indian ter-
ritory.
"Soino of your comrades recite the circumstances
of a brutal,unprovoked murder, done by themselves,
with as little apparent abhorrence as they would re-
late the incidents of a pic-nic, and you yourselves
speak of the number of blows with a hickory which
you inflicted at midnight upon the lacerated, bleed-
ing back of a defenceless woman, without so much
as a blush or sigh or regret. None of you seem to
have the slightest idea of or respect for the saered-
ness of the human person. Some of you have your-
selves been beaten by the Klans without feeling a
smart, but the physical pain. There appears to bo
no wounding of the spirit; no such sense of injury
to yourself as a man as wouldbefeltby thehumblest
of your fellow-citizens in any other part of the
United States with which I am acquainted.
"There the citizen upon whom such outrages were
perpetrated, stung to madness by the insult to his
manhood, would bo swift to follow the wrong-door
to the end of the world to make him atone for it.
You make excuse for this in your statement to tho
court that you are very ignorant; that the Ivlans
would have beaten you and even killed you had you
refused to join them in their crimes. Some of you
now particularly before me have actually suffered
for your refusal before you really united in mem-
bership with them. The court, in an endeavor to
recognize some features of humanity in you, hag
considered these l'.icts which you plead as excuses.
You have grown up in a country where slavery existed
for a long time, and where the whipping-post was a
standing institution.
"To sec blacks llagelatcd was no unusual occur-
rence. The scene often viewed, with its novelty,
lost its revolting effect. And when it came to be
understood that the human person was not so
sacred in the colored man as to secure immunity
from outrage, it did not take it long to loso its sacred
character in yourselves, and in all other men who,
like tho colored man, was obliged to labor. It must
be from this cause that your utter indifference to
wrongs, which among freemen would stir a fever in
the blood of age, arises. And then you tell us that
you differ from many other portions of the country
in this, that it has always been obligatory upon you,
and the class to which you belong, to look to per-
sons of wealth and education for command, and that
you, in your ignorance, had to follow such persons
implicitly."
Now, Mr. Speaker, the most earnest friends
of State rights will certainly agree with me that
nothing can protect the local power against
the central so much as the promotion of gen-
eral education. The more educated and in-
telligent the people become, the more certain
are they in the first place to take just views of
the meaning of the Constitution. The bet-
ter educated they are, the greater their capa-
city to grasp the fundamental principles upon
which the protection of the rights of the States,
the weaker power, against the nation, the
stronger power, is in the end to depend. The
better educated the people, the surer they are
to see the importance of obeying the general
rules, of respecting constitutional safeguards,
and of opposing law and duty against tempo-
rary inclination accompanied by power.
Education secures to a State the possession
of all those forces upon which it must depend
for the protection of its rights against any
other power.
Education means wealth, and equality in its
distribution. This is one great means of de-
fense against any encroachments from above.
Education, the simple capacity to read and
write, adds twenty-five per cent, to the wages
of the working classes of a State, and of course
tends so much to the creation and distribution
of its wealth.
Education increases the number of patents,
index of tho mechanical power and ingenuity of
a State, which, in our history, we know us one
of the chief sources both of its wealth and of its
capacity i'orself-defense. In California, where
the number of peisons who cannot read and
