540
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 31,
Ho. of Reps.
Refunding the Cotton Tax—Mr. Turner.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
the Senate as an instrumentality for obtaining testi-
mony to vindicate his friend, M. Place, and the
opportunity would have been lost to cast suspicion
upon, and raise a scandal against, the executive
administration of our Government."
Thus the Senator from Massachusetts and
myself are charged with having moved and
advocated this inquiry for the purpose of rais-
ing scandal against, and of injuring the
Administration. If, for the sake of argument,
1 admitthat, what of it? Does not the Admin-
istration deserve to be injured if the disclosure
of the truth will injure it? Have we not served
the interests of the American people by draw-
ing the truth to light ? Have not the American
people a right to know the truth, even if the
Administration may not like it? Was it not
our solemn duty as representatives of the peo-
ple to attack the Administration if the truth
tells against it? Are the interests of the
Administration of greater moment than the
interests of the people at large as involved in
the laws of this Republic ? Should we violate
our duty to vindicate those laws for fear of
displeasing or injuring those in power? Not
we, sir, whatever others may do.
But now let me measure the members of
the majority of the committee by the same
standard which they have applied to us and
see bow they will appear. If we have advo-
cated this inquiry to hurt the Administration,
let us see what the committee have done to
defend the Administration. They have justi-
fied the most flagrant and barefaced violations
of the law. They have placed that justification
upon the doctrine that a violation of law may
be excused when it becomes an established
habit; may be excused when its effects are
advantageous in the opinion of the law-break-
ers themselves. They have taught the officers
of the Government that, upon such grounds,
they may violate the laws with impunity. They
have made the officers of the Government
understand that by the flimsiest pretext and
by the most transparent jugglery, they can fur-
nish members of this Senate with satisfactory
material to justify a wrong ever so glaring.
They have thus contributed to nourish that de-
moralization and anarchy which are so danger-
ously infestiqg our public service. They have
to this end laid down a doctrine, which, if
carried out, would lead to the ruin of all re-
sponsibility in our Government. They have
attacked the natural privileges of the national
legislator, without which the investigation of
abuses would in most cases become a mockery.
They have, even at the expense of our posi-
tion in that great international trial now pend-
ing, laid down a doctrine of neutral duties
which is a disgrace to this civilized age, and
by the observance of which we should forfeit
the esteem and friendship of every civilized
nation, dishonor the American people in the
eyes of the whole civilized world, and involve
this Republic in endless quarrels with our
neighbors; and all this, if we apply the same
criterion of motives which they applied to us,
to defend the Administration! They have
sacrificed what should be dearest to every
American citizen to that end. Ah, gentlemen,
if you lay down a standard of motives in this
case, you must not object if you have the full
benefit of it.
And now, while you call our action the off-
spring of a factious spirit, you call yours
patriotism. Patriotism, sir! If this becomes
the standard of patriotism in this country,
then good night free institutions and repub-
lican liberty; then it may be truly said that
the decay of constitutional government in the
American Republic is in full operation. That
is the patriotism preached in the document
before us.
I called this report at the commencement
of my remarks a symptom of a morbid tend-
ency of our political life, and as such its im-
portance goes far beyond the question involv-
ing the mere sales of arms. I said, and I
repeat, the moral and intellectual atmosphere
which renders such productions possible is so
unhealthy that republican government cannot
long live in it. That atmosphere must be puri-
fied or the miasma will become fatal. It is
not merely the offenses here disclosed that
must be punished now and prevented in the
future, but that spirit must be checked which
so recklessly protects offenders, or this will
become no longer a Government of laws, but
a Government of factions, without conscience,
without self-respect, and without restraint, or
a Government whose powers are wielded with-
out responsibility, and whose arrogance is sub-
mitted to without shame.
If there be already in this land afl authority
above our heads which, not by superior intel-
ligence, but by the mere brutal force of its be-
ing, renders such performances as this report
acceptable to the Senate and to the ruling
party, and threatens to stifle among the guard-
ians of the public welfare that independence
of spirit without which the sanctity of the laws
cannot be maintained and free government
cannot be kept alive—if there be such an
authority above our heads, then it is time that
this authority be overthrown. If there be a
party spirit abroad which so subjugates the
hearts of men that they welcome error and
deception when the truth stands in the way of
party interest, that they are willing to see the
laws sacrificed, wrong called right, and our
republican institutions undermined for the pro-
tection of those in power against the conse-
quences of their misdeeds, then, sir, it is time,
it is high time, that the despotism of party be
broken.
As for me, I have fulfilled what I consider a
solemn duty in warning the Senate and the
American people of their danger. I rejoice
to see a spirit sweeping over the land which
makes the patriotic citizen rise above the par-
tisan, breaking the fetters which have so long
cramped every free movement, and promising
to restore to all the full liberty of political con-
science. May that spirit be victorious, for
surely the Republic stands in great need of its
speedy triumph, and I fervently hope that in
the struggle which is now upon us the surest
means will be found to unite, upon the most
honorable and most fruitful ground, for a com-
mon, irresistible effort, all the forces that can
and ought to work together for that great end.
Refunding the Cotton Tax.
REMARKS OP HON. B. S. TURNER,
of .alabama,
In the House of Representatives,
May 31, 1872,
On a petition and memorial praying Congress and
the country to refund the cotton tax.
Mr. TURNER. Mr. Speaker, I had the
honor on the 20th day of February last to
present a petition and memorial to Congress
praying Congress and the country to refund
the cotton tax. Sir, the understanding of the
people is that this tax fell upon a certain sec-
tion and class. It did not fall upon the owner
of the land, nor upon the merchant, nor upon
the consumer, but directly upon the laborer
who tilled the soil and gathered the cotton
with his blood-stained fingers from the pods.
The seventh section of the Constitution of the
United States authorizes Congress to levy a'
uniform tax. Our understandingof uniformity
is that every State in the Union shall pay a
tax in proportion to its population and wealth;
hence we claim that the cotton tax falling
upon a special section of the country and upon
a certain class of citizens is unconstitutional;
because, in the first place, it is detrimental to
one section of the country and beneficial to
another; next, it is a direct tax upon industry
in that part of the country where cotton is
made. And, sir, instead of paying the people
a premium for their industry it is a direct
prohibition of cotton making.
In 1866, 1867, and 1868 there was a cotton
tax levied amounting to $70,000,000. We
claim that this tax was unjust, inequitable,
and unconstitutional. This law was the crea-
ture of Congress, for it was not supported by
the people in any section of the country ; and
we hold now that Congress has the same
power to refund this tax as it had to collect
it. This tax wrought a more serious influence
and destructive consequence than seems to be
understood by Congress and the people in
general.
The war through which we have passed
stopped cotton making for a time, and thus
caused cotton to be scarce and high in other
markets of the world. Other nations, look-
ing upon cotton as one of the chief neces-
sities of life, went into cotton making in self-
defense, and continued so to do till the war
was over in the United States.
During the war cotton went up as high as
eighty cents per pound ; and as soon as the war
ended and cotton was shipped from the Uni-
ted States it began to go down and was as low
as forty-three cents in 1866. This was no
doubt caused by other nations taking the
idea that American cotton was coming into the
markets of the world, and could be purchased
for less than they could make it at their homes.
But when Congress imposed the prohibitory
tax in 1866, it caused the people of the world
to believe as before, that it would be impossi-
ble to purchase cotton from the United States
at any reasonable price ; therefore, they again
made an effort to defend themselves by going
into cotton making and bringing their cotton
in competition with that of the United States.
These nations, by their energy, industry,
and success, glutted the markets of the world
with cotton, so much so that it reduced the
cotton of the United States from forty-three
cents in 1866 to thirty-one cents in 1867, a tie',
to seventeen cents in 1868.
And when the cotton tax was repealed in
1868, the outside influence began to decrease
and the price of our cotton to increase, and
has been getting higher and higher ever since.
Mr. Speaker, a fair calculation will show
that if there had been no tax upon cotton
the minimum value would never have gone
below thirty-five cents per pound.
And, sir, as I have said before, the Gov-
ernment collected $70,000,000 upon cotton,
thereby bringing about the influence of which
I have spoken before, namely, increasing com-
petition, glutting the markets and reducing
the price of our cotton to an additional amount
of $250,000,000, besides the $70,000,000 paid
on cotton. This $250,000,000 fell into the
hands of other nations by the prohibitory
influence of our own Government, conse-
quently the whole loss to the cotton making
section of the country by the direct tax and
its indirect influence amounts to $320,000,000.
To prove my argument to be true, I will
refer to other products of industry than cot-
ton. For instance, take away the tariff from
iron and place a prohibitory tax of three cents
per pound for making iron. What would be
the effect? Iam satisfied, sir, that such would
be the effect that iron-masters from all parts
of the world would be bringing iron to the
United States, while the iron-masters in our
country would have Io abandon their business
or starve. This I know, Mr. Speaker, will
not be disputed by the tariff men of Pennsyl-
vania upon this floor.
Mr. Speaker, I will place any other article
