3280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
saving of time to men of labor and of business
as well as the saving of expense? If the effect
of it is to throw around the presidential elec-
tion that incidental protection which Congress
has thrown around congressional elections,
what is that more now than is thrown around
elections in Delaware, New Jersey, Illinois,
and New York? The elections are held there
upon the same day, and the incidental protec-
tion is thrown around the presidential election
that is given to the congressional election, be-
cause the elections take place at the same time
and the votes are put in the same boxes and
they have the same inspectors. Does anybody
object to it upon that ground 1 If it is not
objectionable in New York or Delaware, why
should it be objectionable in Louisiana?
Mr. President, if I were disposed to im-
pute motives to Senators upon the other side,
suppose I should take up the charge made by
the Senator from Delaware that the election
laws of Louisiana are monstrous, and have
placed extraordinary powers in the hands of
the Governor to control elections. Suppose
1 should admit that these powers have been
abused, or are likely to be abused. If I were
disposed to call motives in question, I might
say now that the Governor of Louisiana, hold-
ing these extraordinary powers, has separated
himself formally from the Republican party,
and proposes to join the ranks of its enemies.
I might say that they are now desirous to have
the benefit of the exercise of these extraor-
dinary powers placed in his hands.
Mr. BAYARD. It would be very curious,
Mr. President, that I should stand here and
denounce those laws, and that the Senator
should say because 1 denounce them that I am
in favor of their application. I do not care
whether the Governor of Louisiana may be
of one piuty or another. 1 agree that laws
to recommend themselves should be advan-
tageous and right. I am not in favor of giv-
ing powers that may be abused into the hands
of any man, nor does it make any difference to
me who the man is if the power is wrongful
ami unconstitutional; I seek to putit no more
in the hands of my friends than I would of my
foes.
Mr. MORTON. I am not imputing this
motive to the Senator from Delaware; but I
am simply saying that if 1 were to follow his
bad example I might do it. And I will say
one tiling further : that if the law for the pro-
tection of congressional elections should be in
force on the day of this election it might pre-
vent the abuse of those extraoidinary powers
of which he has complained; and he ought to
he thankful for any restraint that might be
thrown around those extraordinary powers.
Mr. Piesident, inasmuch as it has been
alleged that it is the main purpose of this bill
to throw around the presidential election the
safeguards and protection that Congress has
thrown around congressional elections, and 1
Said myself that it would incidentally have
that effect, although it was not the main pur-
pose of the bill, and the Senator from Illinois
has commented somewhat severely upon that,
1 beg leave to refresh his recollection as to
what occurred in Louisiana only three years
and a half ago, and what may probably occur
again it this bill shall not pass. Three years
and a half are a long time, but the outrages
committed three years and a half ago may be
repeated. The men are there, nearly ail of
thern, wlio perpetrated those outrages, and the
inducements may exist to perpetrate them
again. I think 1 have the right to call upon
him and to call upon every holiest man to
unite with me in providing any means that
may be provided to prevent the repetition of
those bloody and extraoidinary scenes. Let
me refer to a statement that I find in the Tri-
bune Almanac in regard to the election for
President in Louisiana in 1868.
I find that in the city of New Orleans at the
State election in the spring of 1868 there were
14,224 votes cast that may be called Repub-
lican votes, those in favor of reconstruction,
and 14,60-1 votes against, which maybe called
the Democratic vote and that represented
something like the condition of parties in the
city. But in the fall following, General Grant
received in the city of New Orleans 1,178 votes
and Mr. Seymour received 24,008 votes, show-
ing that Grant got about one out of twenty-
four. What brought about that remarkable
change? At the spring election the Repub-
lican party carried Louisiana by a handsome
majority, a majority of over 8,000; but Sey-
mour carried the State against Grant by about
SO,000. How were those results produced ? 1
beg leave to refresh the memory of Senators
and of the country upon that subject. It be-
comes perfectly legitimate that I should do
so. I will read an extract from the report
of the Committee to Investigate Southern
Outrages, an extract embodied in the report
of a committee to investigate a contested elec-
tion for member of Congress in Louisiana in
1808:
"The testimony shows that over two thousand
persons were Killed, wounded, and otherwise injured
in that State within a few weeks prior to the presi-
dential election; that halt the State was overrun
by violence; midnight raids, secret murders, and
open riot kept the people in constant terror until
tho Republicans surrendered all claims, and then tile
election was carried by tho Democracy. The parish
of Orleans contained 29,910 voters, 15,020 black. In
the spring of 1868 that parish gave 13,97.1 Republican
votes. In tho tall ot 18G8 it gave Grant 1,178, a fall-
ing oil" of 12,795 votes. Itiots pievailed for weeks,
sweeping the city of New Orleans and tilling it with
scenes ot blood, and Ivu Klux notices were scattered
through the city warning the eolored men not to
vote. In Caddo theic were 2,987 Republicans. In
tho spring ot 1X6S they carried the parish. In the
fall they gave Grant one vote. Here also there were
bloody riots.
"But the most remarkable ease is that of St.
Landry, a planting parish on tho river Teche. Ilere
the Republicans had a registered majority of 1,071
votes. In the spiing of 1SG8 they carried the parish
by!378. In tho fall they gaveGrant no vote, not one;
whilo tho Democrats cast 4,787, the full vote of the
parish, for Seymour mid Blair.
"Here oecuired one of the bloodiest riots on
record, m which the Ku IClux killed and wounded
over two hundred Republican,-, hunting and chasing
them for two days and nights through field-; and
swamps. Thirteen captives were taken troin the
jail and shot. A pilo of twenty-fivo dead bodies
was found hnlf buried in the woods. Having con-
quered the Republicans, killed and driven off the
while loaders, the Ku Klux captured the masses,
marked them with badgos of red flannel, enrolled
them in clubs, led them lo the pulls, made them vote
the Democratic ticket, and then gave them certifi-
cates of the fact."
Mr. BLAIR. Will the Senator allow me a
word?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. BLAIR. I wish to make one statement
in connection with that report. That is the
report of the Committee on Southern Out
rages, the same committee that refused, by a
party vote, to allow a single witness to be
called lrom the State of Louisiana ; the same
committee that refused to take any testimony
in regard to the State of Louisiana, as the
journals of the committee will show, by a
strict party vote. Motions were made on the
part of the miuority to take testimony in Lou-
isiana, and they were refused; motions were
made to call witnesses from Louisiana, and
they were refused, the majority preferring to
reproduce in their report the lying extractjust
read than to take testimony from the Slate.
They did not dare to encounter an honest in-
vestigation of affairs in Louisiana. So much
for the Senator's authority.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania and my colleague can perhaps answer
that_ charge. I am sure that statement will
not invalidate the sworn testimony in repeated
investigations that 1 have before me, testimony
piled mountain high.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, the Senator
from Missouri does not state all the facts. He
was a member of the sub-committee, with my-
self, which took testimony in the States of
Alabama and Mississippi, and we were com-
missioned also to take testimony in the State
of Tennessee, but found it utterly impossible
to do so. So large was the volume of testimony ,
■we took in the States of Mississippi and Ala-
bama, that seven weeks, or nearly seven weeks
were consumed in taking it. If there was any
other motive for not prosecuting the investiga-
tion in Louisiana than a want of time, I do
not know it. That was the only considera-
tion that influenced my vote in the committee.
I cannot answer for the motives which in-
fluenced other members of the committee; but
a little testimony, as the Senator is aware,
was taken in the State of Georgia. There was
a sub-committee that was sent into Georgia,
Florida, and South Carolina, and perhaps an
additional State, and they gleaned but a small
portion of the evidence in those States, and
partly for want of time.
Mr. BLAIR. I wish to say, in reply to that,
if the Senator from Indiana will permit me to
do so, that while certain members of the com-
mittee were investigating in the States of
Georgia and Florida and Alabama and Mis-
sissippi, there were many other members of
the committee who might have been dele-
gated to investigate elsewhere that were at
home doing nothing. It, was not want of
time, but want of inclination.
Mr. PRATT. But is not the Senator from
Missouri aware of the fact that the other
members of the committee complained that
they had been on duty here all summer in the
city of Washington, and ought to be excused
from farther duty ?
Mr. BLAIR. There were others who had
not been on duty here any part of the time.
I had been on duty here all the summer my-
self, and still I went to Alabama and Missis-
sippi, but the committee voted down directly
a proposition to investigate either Louisiana,
Arkansas, or Texas. They selected the States
to be investigated, and refused to investigate
the other States. They had ample time ; they
had means enough ; but they did not dare to
confront the facts. That is my judgment.
Mr. PRATT. I have only to repeat the
statement I made before, so far as my own case
is concerned; I cannot answerfor the motives
of other members of the committee; but it
was understood that so far as Louisiana and
Arkansas were concerned, recently there were
not many K u Klux troubles in those States, and
our object was to ascertain what was the pres-
ent condition in the late insurrectionary States
that we were commissioned to visit. W.e were
sent, therefore, to those States where the Ku
Klux outrages within the last year or two were
reported to have been most numerous.
Mr. BLAIR. I produced before the com-
mittee at the time the proclamation of the Gov-
ernor of Texas. showing that he had declared
martial law in Texas, and I asked that Texas
might be investigated to see if there was any-
thing that authorized this declaration of mar-
tial law by the Governor. 1 brought to the
minds of the committee the fact that General
Gram had taken possession of a political con-
vention in the State of Louisiana with arms
and with soldiery, and invoked the committee
to go there and investigate that. It was not
thought proper to do it. 1 culled attention to
the facts in regaid to the State of Arkansas,
the turbulence which had existed there and the
charges that the elections had been carried by
Iraud, one of which is now being investigated
before a committee of this House. The com-
mittee voted by a strict party vote not to in-
vestigate either of these States, and yet they
come here and repoit upon them, and this is
the result of their report upon a subject which
they did not dare to investigate and give us
the opportunity of confronting these state-
ments.
Mr. PRATT. Allow me to inquire of my
friend from Missouri why, inasmuch as he
was on the committee, and it was in session
all the summer last year in the city of Wash-
ington, if he wished to obtain information as
to the condition of affairs in the States of
Louisiana and Texas and Arkansas, he did not
make application for subpeoas for witnesses ?
