592
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
■write is only four to the hundred, the number
of patents taken out during the last year was
one to every 2,400 persons. In Connecticut,
where the numoer who cannot read and write
is the same, the number of patents during the
last year has been one to every 966 persons;
■while in Arkansas, where the number of persons
who cannotread and write is sixteen to one hun-
dred, the number of patents taken out is one
to every 87,267 of the inhabitants. In Florida,
where the number of persons who cannot read
and write is twenty-three to one hundred, the
number of patents taken out during the year
was one to every 31,291 persons ; and the
same general principle holds good through the
whole United States.
So that education protects State rights, first,
by increasing wealth, which is power; sec-
ondly, by distributing wealth, which is general
power; thirdly, by adding twenty-five per
cent, to the earnings of the laboring classes,
which is power and wealth to them; and
fourthly, by increasing the ingenuity and me-
chanical power of the State, which is wealth
and strength.
Education also stimulates the wants of the
educated people, and develops and increases
the activity which supplies them, iti that way,
also, bringing wealth m its train.
Education promotes in the State understand-
. ing of the laws of tiade and of political econ-
omy, and so it promotes the understanding of
the laws by which the State best asserts its
rights. In a word, education ia general brain-
power, with which, in the contest of political
forces, universally in the end the victory
rests.
Education is also military power. The best-
educated nations, by the common experience
of mankind, are the strongest in war.
Education is power of diplomacy, rendeiing
the State strongest in defending itself by the
arts of peace.
liducation is influence over other men,
which, in the political contests in this coun-
try, determines the political power.
On the other hand, ignorance creates weak-
ness, creates dependence, substitutes blind
and jealous hatred fur self-respect and inde-
pendence.
Now, what State valuing its own rights
can object to that, development within itself
of its mental and moral forces, those forces
wliicti govern the world? The habit of gov-
erning himself, which grows up in the citi-
zen with education, depends mi his mental
and moral power. And the habit of govern-
ing himself in the citizen brings with it (In-
habit of self government, of tlie btat.e of which
he is a member. The habil of governing him-
self in t lie individual also red rids and dimin-
ishes the functions ami the neeesMiy of gov-
ernment. So far as the people are edue ued,
just so far the functions and the necessities
of government recede and disappear, thus
rendering unnecessary the appeals to the cen-
tral power which constitute the pretext of its
interference.
Why, Mr. Speaker, we have had in this
House, within the past week, an instance of an
appeal by the conflicting and turbulent forces
of a State made to the central power, as to
which both parties in this House concurred both
in lamenting it and in conceding that it was
necessary. Both parties in this House agreed
that the condition of the governments of the
South, so eloquently depicted by the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Voomikes,] and the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] was
due to the fact that, in reeonsti uciing those
Slates, you had based their governments npon
their ignorance. The criticism was just, in
part. irou did, Republican statesmen, in
reconstructing those States, found their gov-
ernments upon their ignorance. You could
not do otherwise. The education of those
States had proved itself unfit to govern. Those
Stales had proved the mexoiable truth, that
tyianny of one class over another is bad and
degrading to both. What we have to say,
however, is not that the event has shown
that ignorance is fitted to govern the State,
but only that the event has shown that the
ignorant slave is less injured and degraded
by the relation than the educated tyrant.
The mistake you made was this: that you
failed to see that the power to establish gov-
ernment on the will of the whole people, which
you asserted, was in the nature of things in-
separable from the power to require the edu-
cation of the whole people. And the Repub-
lican statesmen of the close of the war are
only to be reproached, in regard to their deal-
ing with the South, with the fact that this truth
dawned slowly on their minds, or that they
failed altogether to see it. You thought if you
wrote on a paper, "Let the whole people gov-
ern;" you thought if you wrote on parchment,
"Let the black man vote," and stamped it
with a seal and. put it away in the archives of
the State Department, and had it proclaimed
by the President, you had done something.
But you failed to remember that the Govern-
ment you had created would be a reproach to
the principle of democracy itself unless you
added, "But when the black man votes he
shall have secured to him the knowledge how
to vote." You thought in the precedents of
this Government that the powers of the national
Government, and the distinction between them
and the powers of the States, were to be ascer-
tained by seeing what particular machine had
been used heretofore in their accomplishment,
and not by looking to see what end has the
national Government the right to accomplish
or to guaranty.
But your offense toward the South is light
compared with that of your Democratic oppo-
nents. With what hatred, what bitter and
relentless hatred, has the Democratic party
pursued these unhappy States of the South I
How has that party sought to fasten upon that
beautiful and unfortunate section of our land
everything that degrades mankind 1 Slavery,
poverty, crime, disorder, ignorance, have in
turn found in that party otiieie.it and active
allies. When measures t,o redress these are pro-
posed in Congress, Democracy clamors that
they should be left to the States; when pro-
posed to the Stages, it clamors that they should
he left to counties or localities In the comity
or locality they are left by that pnrty to the
Ku Klux Klan, who burn the school-house
and murder or whip the teacher. Look at
Tennessee to-day, under the rule of that party,
with a school system in hut twenty-two or
twenty-three out of ninety-one counties, and
the schooi system, although adopted by a vote
of the people, not actually put in force in all
those. In that State, Mr. Speaker—1 have it
from the most trustworthy information—there
can be found county after county in which
there has not been a child at school for twelve
months, and will not be a child at school for
twelve months to come.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Buck]
the other day spoke eloquently and reproach-
fully of the debt which he said had been piled
up in the southern States under Republican
misrule. It is doubtless a great wrong waste-
fiiliy to impose a burden of debt on the ener-
gies of a State, but how trifling compared
with crushing out the intellect of a people by
ignorance. I think I could refer that gentle-
man to a State where the Democratic rule has
been uninterrupted for years. Throughout all
the period of the war, throughout all the
period of' reconstruction, the Democratic rule
in Kentucky has been undisturbed. Now, in
Kentucky there is a white native population
of 1,035,000. Of these there are, over ten
years of age, 721,712; and of that number—
I speak now of the white native population,
not (he colored—there cannot read or write
193,84(5—native whites over the age of ten
years.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in taking the census they
take the statement of tho man inquired of
whether he can read and write. In a large
number of instances the pride of the ignorant
person leads to a false answer. In all instances
a person who can barely write his name or
recognize a few characters makes the claim.
It is awell-settled fact in educational statistics,
never disputed, that at least thirty per cent,
should be added to that census number to get
at the actual number of those who are practi-
cally illiterate for all purposes of acquiring
information by reading, or using writing as a
means of communicating with others. Adding
that thirty per cent, you have 251,999—more
than one third of the entire white native popu-
lation of Kentucky, who are practically illit-
erate.
Mr. BECK. Where does the gentleman get
his information ?
Mr. HOAR. From the census.
Mr. BECK. The census, taken by fellows
who tried to make the showing as bad as pos-
sible ! And let me tell the gentleman that
nearly every one of those men who cannot
read or write, understands and practices the
Constitution better than the gentleman himself.
Mr. HOAR, if that be true, what admira-
ble citizens they will make if they are only
educated. Now, Mr. Speaker, that State has
turned out of office, within a year, its Demo-
cratic superintendent of schools, simply be-
cause his heart was too great for his Democ-
racy, and he urged measures of relief; that
State makes no provision at all for the
education of its colored youth ; and yet gen-
tlemen come here and talk about a few million
dollars of debt, while at the same time
they advocate a policy which crushes to the
earth in ignorance, and which means to keep
crushed to the earth under the feet of a few
powerful and ambitious white men, this mass
of American souls.
Mr. Speaker, education is the great means
of preserving State rights, because it secures
also vitality throughout the entire body of
members of the community. An ignorant
nation will have its brain educated at the
center ; and the center of power will be also
the center of intelligence and the center of
life. An educated nation has the intelligence,
the power, the nerve, pervading and p"rme-
ating the whole, extending to the entire ex-
tremities.
Universal education, too, more than all other
agencies, produces the habit of exercising
political functions in large numbers of men.
The citizen who understands the history, the
politics, the interests of the State, honorablv
aspires to take his share in turn in its adminis-
tration ; and you have in every State where
the people are universally educated large num-
bers of persons fit for and aspiring to hold
political office. Now, what is the effect, of
that? Why, in every State where that exists
you have one hundred men exercising State
for every one that, exercises national func-
tions. City officers, county officers, school
district officers, members and officers of I he
State Legislature, outnumber as one hundred
to one the national officers; that is, persons
charged with national political power. What
is the result? You have these men close to
the people, carrying on their political func-
tions among the people, constantly in contact
with them, seeking all the time to promote
the dignity, the importance, and the power of
the State offices which they hold against men
removed from the people here in Washington
at a distance seeking the dignity and import-
ance of the national office. Under a system
of universal education all thepowers andtorces
are centrifugal and not centripetal.
Now, I ask the consideration of members
on both sides of the House whether in the im-
mediate future, in the disturbed and angry
period which possibly may be upon us, they
prefer to trust to constitutional restraint to
protect the rights of their States which they
value, or whethe- they will trust the protec-
tion of those rights to the powers which educa-
