1488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees are in order, but the Senator from
California asks unanimous consent to call up
a bill.
Mr. POMT3R.OY. The Senator from Ver-
mont who sits beside me [Mr. Edmunds] has
frequently called the attention of the Senate
to that bill, and I should not like to have it
proceeded with in his absence. I know he
takes an interest in it, and spoke to me about
it. I feel under the necessity of objecting
until he is in his seat.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reportsof com-
mittees are in order.
deposits of soldiers.
Mr. WILSON. I ask unanimous consent
to take up the bill (S. No. 448) to establish a
system of deposits, to prevent desertion, and
elevate the condition of the rank and file of
the Army. I should bo glad to get this bill
through. It is very brief.
The bill was read. It provides that any
enlisted man of the Army may deposit his
savings, in sums of not less than five dollars,
with any Army paymaster, who shall furnish
him a check-book, in which shall be entered
the name of the paymaster and of the soldier,
and the amount, date, and place of such
deposit. The money so deposited shall be ac-
counted for in the same manner as other public
funds, and shall pass to the credit of the appro-
priation for the pay of the Army, and shall
not be subject to forfeiture by sentence of
court-martial, but shall be forfeited by deser-
tion, and shall not be permitted to be paid
until final payment or discharge, or to the
heirs of a deceased soldier. For any sums of
noteless than fifty dollars so deposited for the
period of six months, or longer, the soldier,
on his final discharge, is to be paid interest
at the rate of four per cent, per annum. The
money value of all clothing overdrawn by the
soldier beyond his allowance is to be charged
against him, every six months, on the muster-
roll of his company, or on his final statements
if sooner discharged. The amount due him
for clothing, he having drawn less than his
allowance, is not to be paid to him' until his
final discharge from the service.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts for a
moment. Has he considered the amount of
labor he is putting on the paymasters without
any further compensation? Besides, the bill
obliges the paymaster to furnish a check-book,
lie has to do that out of his own funds, so far
as this bill is concerned. Nov/, suppose there
are one hundred thousand soldiers; the pay-
masters have to provide one hundred thousand
check-books, and then to keep these accounts
and have these savings banks without compen-
sation, it seems to me.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say, in reply
to the suggestion made by the Senator from
Kansas, that we have about twenty-five thou-
sand soldiers. A few hundred of them will
probably make these deposits. We had a sys-
tem of this kind once, but it was broken up
by a law we passed to ha\e the money turned
over into the Treasury. This bill has the
approval of the pay department of the Army,
who are earnestly for it, and the War Depart-'
ment believe it to he a measure that will be
for the benefit of the soldiers, to keep them
from spending their money and deserting.
We had eight or ten thousand desertions last
year. I believe it is one of the best measures
we can devise. As to the paymasters, we pay
them well, and if we impose a little addi-
tional duty on them for the good of the Army,
I do not think my friend from Kansas ought
to object to it, and I am sure he is the last
man that will.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I desire to ask the
Senator from Massachusetts one question. I
understand the bill authorizes soldiers to
deposit their money with paymasters. I desire
to know whether the bond of the paymaster
will cover any defalcation that will occur in
this respect. The bonds given must be strictly
construed; and what I want to ascertain is
whether there is any sufficient bond executed
by the paymaster to reach him in case he
defaults in reference to these moneys.
'Mr. WILSON. The pay department think
there is no difficulty in the case at all, and so
does the War Department. Both strongly
recommend it as a measure for the good of the
Army in every respect, and I see no objection
to it in the world, and did not suppose there
was a man in Congress or out of Congress in
this nation who would oppose it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I have no doubt of
the measure being a proper one, provided the
bond of the paymaster will be responsible in
case he defaults in accounting properly for
these moneys; but on that point I am not
satisfied, and that was the reason of my
inquiry.
Mr. COLE. I inquire if this bill increases
the compensation of paymasters?
Mr. WILSON. Not at all.
Mr. COLE. I think it is a most excellent
measure, and is altogether in the interest of the
soldiers, who, as we are all aware, have not a
very good faculty of taking care of their means;
and if this is a ready place of deposit I am
sure they will save their means, and it will be
of great advantage to them, and prevent deser-
tions.
Mr. CORBETT. I would suggest a change
in the fifth line of the first section. I see it says
1' check-book.'' I would change that to '' book
of deposit," a book in which shall be entered
the deposits. A check-book is simply to draw
checks. I think that is a mistake.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to that
change.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
boy in the chair.) The amendment of the
Senator from Oregon will be reported.
Ihe Secretary. The proposed amend-
ment is in line five, section one, to strike out
the word " check" and insert " deposit; " so
as to read " deposit-book."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FIIELINGJ3UYSEN. I would sug-
gest to the Senator from Massachusetts that
after the word "heirs" he insert " or repre-
sentatives," so as to cover the soldier's exec-
utor or administrator. It is now only to be
paid to his heirs in the event of his death.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to the
change.
Mr. FRELINGHOYSEN. Another thing
I would suggest, which is much more import-
ant, that this deposit should be exempt from
liability for his debts. Let that be inserted in
the first section.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am not satisfied as
to whether the bond executed by the paymas-
ter would cover a case of this character. The
bonds of public officers, like all other bonds,
must be construed strictly. Now, if we pass
this law authorizing deposits with paymasters
of the funds of the soldiers, the question which
I want to know is whether the bonds they have
now executed will reach a case of that kind.
Can we, in other words, increase the pecu-
niary liability of parties on official bonds by an
act passed subsequent to the date when those
bonds were executed? Can we impose any
enlarged condition 011 the sureties? Unless
that is the case, unless the Government can
be secured in the bonds given by paymasters, I
think it would be very unsafe to pass the bill.
I have no question the measure is a proper
one, provided the Government is properly
secured. On that point I should like inform-
ation.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator
from Delaware that I prepared this bill for
the purpose of trying to prevent desertions in
our Army, which are frightfully large, costing
the Government a vast amount of money and
demoralizing the Army. Until we passed a
law which required all the money at the end
of the year to be paid into the Treasury, these
moneys were received by paymasters. Theso
moneys now go often into the hands of officers
of the Army; sometimes they are lost. It was
thought that if we made paymasters responsi-
ble, and paid a small interest, it would have a
tendency, a strong tendency, to encourage men
to save their money, and when they had money
deposited with the Government to be forfeited
by desertion they would not be likely to desert.
As to this question of liability, the pay
department believe that there is no difficulty
in the case whatever. I have not the slightest
idea there is any difficulty about it at all. The
War Department see no difficulty in the case.
I do not believe there is any whatever.
We propose to increase the pay of the men
of the Army this year. I do not see how that
is going to affect the bondsmen of paymasters.
I do hope the bill will pass. I believe it a
measure that will have a tendency to save
money to the Government in the first place,
and in the next place, to encourage soldiers to
be careful of their money, to be respectable
men. I think it will have a tendency to pre-
vent their desertion, and I do, therefore, hope
there will be no opposition. I accept the sug-
gestion made by the Senator from New Jersey.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are
two bills here, one with an amendment, and
one without an amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I sent to the Chair the one
that had an additional section to be added.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Committee on Military Affairs will
now be reported.
The Secretary. The proposed amendment
is to insert the following as an additional sec-
tion :
Sec. 5. That the amount of deposits and clothing
balances accumulated to the soldier's credit under
the provisions of sections one and three of this act
shall, when payable to the soldier upon his discharge,
be paid out of the appropriation for the " pay of the
Army" for the then current fiscal year.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. This is a matter which
depends so much upon professional knowledge
and experience such as the military authori-
ties and military men have, that I feel very
diffident about making even a suggestion in
regard to it. Of course, in so far as it is a
measure for the benefit of soldiers, and likely
to deter them from desertion, everybody must
feel with the Senator from Massachusetts. I
venture, however, to make a suggestion to
him.
One provision of the bill is that money
in sums of not less than five dollars shall be
deposited with the paymaster, who shall issue
a bank-book to each man, and then upon ali
sums over fifty dollars iuterest of four per
cent, shall be drawn. It would strike one who
knows no more about this than I do, and who
would naturally compare it with transactions
which occur among civilians, that inasmuch
as wherever a paymaster is stationed—and I
mean now to except the case of paymasters
traveling in the field—there are in all such
places savings banks, where a better rate of
interest than this is paid, and also private bor-
rowers, who pay a better rate of interest, it
would be but a small benefit in such cases
to the soldier. Of course, the money is to
remain on deposit; it is to be used so that
the Government holding the money unem-
ployed is to pay four per cent, iuterest upon
it. If that were the only way for the soldier
to receive four per cent, it would be an addi-
tion of so much to his pay in consideration
of the benefits to result from it, and nobody
ought to object to that. But I submit to the
Senator from Massachusetts whether it is a
good arrangement for the Government to pay
interest upon unemployed funds, when in
most cases the soldier can deposit them with
equal security in a savings bank, or is at the
option of selecting any depositary he pleases
for a longer or shorter time ?
The Senator will answer me by saying, '• No
