4176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
word with his employes, or made any efforts to
secure his own stock, while he was gone giving
information of the impending attack.
Mr. LYNCH. He lost hi3 stock while he
was so gone ?
Mr. ADAMS. He did. But I maintain
that there is no obligation on the part of the
Government to make good to Mr. Gerry the
loss he sustained at the hands of.the Indians.
It was a hardship upon Mr. Gerry of course,
but it is a hardship upon any man to suffer
losses at the hands ot Indians by reason of
their depredations. Why, sir, the city of
Chicago was burned not long ago ; it wasahard
case, and one that commended itself to the
sympathies of every one; but no one would
undertake to indemnify the people of Chicago
for the losses they sustained. Thousands of
persons have suffered losses at the hauds of
the Indians as well as Elbridge Gerry, and it is
a dangerous precedent, it seems to me, forthis
Government to undertake to pay every man
for the losses he has sustained at the -hands of
Indians.
If Elbridge Gerry had left word with his em-
ployes his stock could have been got out of
the way of ihe Indians; but it seems that he
took no pains to secure himself, relying en-
tirely on the friendly relations that existed
between himself and the Indians.
These are the facts of the case. I am the
last man upon this floor who would undertake
to oppose any claim when I felt there was
any obligation on the part of the Government
to pay the claim; but in this ease there is
absolutely none. Thousands and thousands
of claims are presented here where the Gov-
ernment is legally bound to pay the claims
that have been refused. It occurs to me that
the Government ought to be just before it
undertakes to be generous.
examination at west point.'
The SPEAKER. The Chair is required by
law to appoint three members of the House to
attend the examination at ihe Military Acad-
' etny at West Point, New York. The Chair
appoints for that purpose, Mr. Stocghton of
Michigan, Mr. Sargent of California, and Mr.
Cox of New York.
klbridgk gerry.
Mr. POTTER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Missouri what he says in respect of
the suggestion of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, L-VIr. Adams,] that if this man had given
l.otic e to his employs to gather in the stock
it would not have bqeu lost, and. that the luss
was the result of his own negligence ?
Mr. BURDK1T. 1 shall be very glad to
make a ieply to that question, and my reply is
simply this, which semsto me must be effective
atonce : here was a man having a ranche on the
plains, and living as men on the frontier do, by
himself. The friendship of the Indians which
protected Elbridge Gerry himself and his prop-
erty was personal, on account of long acquaint-
ance and old association. I ask the gentle-
man frnm New Yoik how many oft.be simple
employes about a western ranche, if there had
been any there, would have remained after
notice had been given at that ranche that fif-
teen hundred braves were on the war-path?
And my further answer is this : that as soon as
the absence of Elbridge Gerry was known—
and it was known to the Indians instantly—no
matter how many men had gathered in the
stock, Elbridge Gerry had become a traitor to
his Indian friends, and they would not have
spared his stock, even if it had been gath-
ered in.
Let me make a still further reply. In 1834
the Government of the United States enacted
a lawwhich remained on our statute-book until
within the last two years, expressly and in
terms providing that the Government should
be responsible to its citizens for damages done
by the Indiana upon proof being shown that
the citizen himself had made no reprisals.
That was the law of the land (and it was a
just law) until within the last two years, when
it was repealed.
Now, there is a vast difference between a
case as against Indians and a case as against
citizens. The United States has provided by
its laws that there shall be no reprisals upon
the property of the Indians.
No matter if they have millions in the Treas-
ury, the citizen cannot appeal against the
Indian fund for redress. As to reprisals
against the white neighbor, the law is open to
him, the courts are open, into which he can go
and obtain redress. We have ourselves said
to the Indians, who are almost overloaded with
wealth, at least many of the tribes are, that no
man shall appeal against them for redress.
Having said so, .shall we not afford them re-
dress when, as iu this case, the patriotism,
self-denial, and mercy of this man toward five
thousand settlers on the frontier led to the
destruction of his 'property ?
Mr. SHANKS. The virtue in this case lies
in the fact that Elbridge Gerry did not stop to
take care of his property. If he had stopped
to take care of his stock his patriotism and
virtue would have ceased.
Mr. POTTER.. Do the Committee on Indian
Affairs find that this man lost his stock in fact
from the result of his action?
Mr. BURDETT. It was done on the spot,
almost; there is no question about that.
The question was upon suspending the rules
and passing the bill of the Senate with an
amendment; and being taken, there were,
upon a division—ayes eighty-six, noes not
counted.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended, and the bill,
with the amendment, was passed.
land titles in dakota
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 1045. to quiet the title to
certain lands in Dakota Territory ; which was
taken np, and read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that it
shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to examine and report to Congress what
title or interest the Sisseton and Wahpeton
bands of Sioux Indians have to any portion
of the lands mentioned, and particularly
described in the second arlicle ot' the treaty
made and concluded with said bands of Indians
on February 19, 18G7, and afterward amended,
ratified, and proclaimed on May 2, 1867, or by
virtue of any other law or treaty whatever,
excepting such rights as were accorded to said
bands of Indians by the third and fourth arti-
cles in said treaty as a permanent reservation ;
and whether any, and if any what, compensa-
tion ought, in justice and equity, to be made
to said bands of Indians respectively for the
extinguishment of whatever title they may
have to said lands.
Mr. AVERILL. I move that the rules be
suspended and tbe bill passed.
The question was taken ; and (two thirds
voting in favor thereof) the rules were sus-
pended, and the bill was passed.
WILLIAM G. LANGi'ORD.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 744; for the relief of Wil-
liam G. Langford ; which was taken up and
read a first and second time.
Mr. SHANKS, i move that this bill be
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
WILSON BOWLBY.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 1107, for the relief of Wil-
son Bowlby, collector or internal revenue for
Oregon : which was taken up and read a first
and seoond time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to credit Wilson Bowlby,
collector of internal revenue for Oregon, with
the sum of $1,104, the value of internal rev-
enue stamps alleged to have been sent by mail
on April 26, 1871, to said Bowlby, but which
never reached him.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that the rales be
suspended and this bill passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, I desire to move
that this bill be referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. SARGENT. This bill states the exact
facts in the case. The stamps were ordered
and sent by mail. On the Atlantic side there
is an arrangement by the Department by
which stamps are sent by express, and at a
very low rate. No such arrangement exists
with reference to the Pacific States, and tbeie
is no place on the Pacific coast where the
Government keeps stamps for sale. The
only method of supplying that portion of the
country with stamps is to transmit them by
mail. Very rarely indeed are the stamps
thus sent lost. In this case the stamps were
sent by mail in an unregistered package, as
the Department certifies. I have here affida-
vits, which it is not necessary to read, of Mr.
Bowlby, and his deputy, to the effect that
they never received these stamps. I think
there can be not the slightest doubt of the
bona fide correctness of this claim.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think the bill should be
considered by a committee of this House.
Mr. SARGEN f. The bill was considered
by the Finance Committee of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. If the House should not
pass the bill, the next question would be upon
its reference to the Committee of Claims.
The question was taken upon suspending
the rules and passing the bill; and upon a di-
vision there were—ayes 61, noes 22 ; no quo-
rum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Sargent and
Mr. Holman were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 85, noes 38.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the bill was passed.
west wisconsin railroad company.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1025) to quiet the tide to
the lands of the settlers on lauds belonging to
tbe West Wisconsin Railway Company.
Mr. RUSK. I ask that this bill remain on
the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
that order will be made.
There was no objection.
jacksonville and st. augustine railroad.
The next business on tbe Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1036) granting the right
of way through the public lauds to tbe Jack-
sonville and St. Augustine-Railroad Compauy ;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. DUNNELL. I ask that this bill be
put on its passage.
The bill was read at length, ordered to a
third- reading, read the third time, and (two
thirds voting in favor thereof) passed.
claims of pottawatomie indians.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 944) to provide for the
claims of the Pottawatomie Indians residing
in Michigan and Indiana; which was read a
first and second time, and, on motion of Mr.
HOLMAN, referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
land titles in iowa.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1015) to quiet the title to
certain lands in the State of Iowa; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It provides that the title
to the lands in the State of Iowa heretofore
approved and certified by the Department of
the Interior for railroad purposes, to aid in
the construction of a railroad from tbe city of
Davenport, via Iowa City to Council Bluffs,
under the grants made by Congress, according
to the adjustments thereof,made at the Gen-
eral Land Office* be .confirmed to tbe Missis-
