1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4177
sippiand Missouri Railroad Company and the |l
Chicag-o, lioek Island and Pacific Railroad
Company, and their assigns, they being the j'
corporations to whom said lands were certified. !'
But this act is to be construed as conveying
only any reversionary or other interest which l|
the United States may have in the lands j and jj
all lands settled upon in good faith and now ;;
occupied by homestead or preemption settlers ||
are to be excluded from the operation of the jj
act. jl
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of jj
order. I submit that it is unjust to the House !|
that a measure which has once failed upon a "
vote of the House should be brought up a j;
second time. T his bill has already been before j
the, House upon a motion to suspend the rules j
and pass the hill, and was voted down. j
'1 he SPEAKER. The Chair does not see I
that this is a question of order. j
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the bill will be !
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands, j
Mr. SAWYER. I hope not. 1 ask that it |
may be passed. !
Mr. McCOltMICK, of Missouri. I have a |
substitute which I wish to offer if this bill is i
to be considered. The bill is an important one,
and cannot be understood by the House from
the mere reading.
Mr. HAWLEY. I desire to debate the
bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. The bill has already been
twice vol ed down.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I ask that
the triends of this bill may allow it to be
am ended.
Mr. HAWLEY. This bill has the approval
of the Committee on the Public Lauds.
Mr. STEVENSON. If there is to be any
debate I want some understanding about the
matter.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman
object to debate?
Mr. STEVENSON. T do, unless there is to
be debate on both sides.
The SPEAKER. Debate can only proceed
by unanimous consent.
Mr. HAWLEY. So far as I am concerned
I am willing to debate the bill; but if gentle-
men do not want it debated. I am willing to
proceed to vote upon it without debate.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think the bill is already
understood. It has been twice voted down
by the House.
.Mr. HAWLEY. I propose that the bill be
discussed ten minutes on each side.
Mr. STEVENSON. And be open to amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. Amendments will not be
in order under a motion to suspend the rules.
Mi. STEVENSON. 1 ask the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Hawley] whether liis prop-
osition includes tile right to offer amend-
ments ?
Mr. HAWLEY. If we bad more time I
would have no objection to allowing amend-
ments, but the lime is too sliort to discuss
amendments as well as the bill itself.
Mr. S I'E VENSON. Then I cannot consent
to the arrangement.
Mr. HOLMAN. I shall object to debate
unless more time be given than is suggested by
the gentleman from illinois.
The SPEAKER Debate is objected to-
The question is, "'Will the House suspend the
rules and pass the bill?" On this question the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Hawley] and
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. McCormick]
will act as tellers.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ases 94. n-i^s 81.
Mr. STEVENSON demanded the yeas and
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 91, nays 58, not voting
91 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Averill, Banks. Barnum,
Bevetidge, Bigby, Austin Blair. Buckley, Buffintou,
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 262.
Burdett, Roderick R. Butler, Caldwell, Clarke,Cobb,
Conger. Conner, Cotton, Crocker. Dickey, Donnan,
Duett. Dunnell, Eumes, Charles Foster, Wilder D.
Foster, Frye, Garfield, Goodrich, Hale, llalsey,
Hainbleton, Harper, George JS. Harris, Havens,
Hawley, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazel-
ton, Hill, lioar, Kellogg, Ketcham, Lansing, Mc-
Crary, RlcHenry. McJunkin, McKee, Mercur,
Moore, Morey, Morplns, Niblack, Orr, Packard,
Palmer, Peck, Pendleton, Perce, Peters, Poland,
Prmdle, Siou H. Rogers, Husk, Sargent, Sawyer,
Sheldon, Slocum, Sloss, H. Boardman Smith, Worth-
ington C.Smith, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Stark-
weather, Sutherland, Swa.nn, Taffe,Thomas. Wash-
ington Townsend, Turner, Tuthill/i'wichel I, Waddell,
Wakoman, Walden, Waldron, Wallace, Walls.War-
ren, Whiteley, Whitthorne, and Williams of New
York—91.
NAYS—Messrs Acker. Adams, Arthur, Beatty,
Beck, Bell, Bird, James G. Blair, Braxton, Bright,
Benjamin F. Butler, Campbell, Comingo, Crebs,
Cri'eher, Crosslanu. Dox, Du Bose, Fmkelnburg,
Forker, lienry D. Foster, Garrett, Getz, Giddings,
Haldemiiu, Hancock, Hundley, John T. Harris,
Hay, ilerndon, liiobard, Holman, Lamison, Lewis,
Marshall, McClelland, McCormick, McGrew, Mc-
Intyre, Merrick, Moigan, llosea W. Parker, Aa-ron
F. Perry, Potter, Price, Randall, Edward Y. Rice,
Ritchie, Slater, Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Strong,
Terry, Tvner.Vsn Trump, Wood, and Young—68
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Auibler, Archer, Barber,
Bt'rry, Biggs, Bingham. Boles. Brooks, Burchard,
Carroll, Coburn. Coghlan, Cox, Creely, Darrall,
Davis. Dawes, De Large. Duke, Eldredge, Elliott,
Ely, Farnsworth, Farwell, Golladay,Griffith, lianks,
Harmer, Heretoid, Hooper, Houghton. Kolley .Ken-
dall, Kerr, Killinger, King, Kinsella. Lamport,
Leach, Lowe, Lynch, Manson, Maynard, McKinney,
McNeeiy, Merriam. Beujamin F. Meyers, Mitchell,
Mmroe, Leonard Myers. Negley, Packer, Isaac C.
Parker. Eh Perry, Piatt, Porter, Rainey. Read,
John M. Rice, Ellis H Roberts, William R. Reb-
el ts, Robinson, John Rogers, Roosevelt. Scotield,
Seeley, Sessions, Shanks, Shellabarger, Sherwood,
Shober. Shoemakei. John A. Smith, Snapp, Sny-
der, R. Milton Speer. Stongluon, Stowell, St. John,
Sypher, Dwight Townsend, Upson, Vaughan, Voor-
heos. Wells. Wheeler, Willard, Williamsol Indiana,
Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, and Win-
chester—91.
So (two thirds not having voted in the
affirmative) the rules were not suspended, and
the bill was not passed.
During the vote,
Mr. WILLIAM R. ROBERTS stated that
he was paired on this question with Mr. Mit-
chell, of Wisconsin, who would vote in the
affirmative, while he would vote in the nega-
tive.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. STEVENSON. Let the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
1 make that motion.
The motion was disagreed to.
The SPEAKER. The bill remains on the
Speaker's table.
POTT AW ATOMIES.
Mr. CONGER. I ask that the bill (S. No.
944) to provide for the claims of the Potta-
watomie Indians residing in Michigan and
Indiaua remain on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKElt. It was referred to the
Committee ori Indian Affairs.
Mr. CONGER. I did not, hear it, or I
should have objected.
The SPEAKER. A single objection would
not have availed.
Mr. CON'GER. I move to reconsider the
vote by which it was referred.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order.
recess.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
House now take a recess until three o'clock
this afternoon, as I understand by that time
the committee of confercnce will be ready to
make a report on the tariff bill.
alabama claims.
Mr. BANKS. I move, by unanimous con-
sent, to take from the Speaker's table a concur-
rent resolution in reference to printing the
cases under the Washington treaty with an
amendment returned from the Senate.
There was no objection.
The concurrent resolution, which was read,
provides (the Senate concurring) that there be
piinted twenty-two thousand copies of the case
presented on the part of the Government of
her Britannic Majesty to the tribunal of arbitra-
tion tinder article one of the treaty concluded
at Washington, May 8, 1871, between ber Bri-
tannic Majesty and the United States of Amer-
ica, seven thousand copies of which shall be
for the use of the Senate and fifteen thousand
copies of which shall be for the use of the
House.
Mr. BANKS. The Senate moves to cut that
down to three thousand. I move to concur.
The House provided for a large number of
copies, which the Senate has reduced to three
thousand.
Mr. BROOKS. How far down does this
case go?
Mr. BANKS. All the papers received by
the Government.
Mr. BROOKS. Down to how recent a
date ?
Mr, BANKS. It does not include the cor-
respondence between the Governments, but it
includes all the cases.
Mr. BROOKS. I think it is quite time that
the committee should have entire information
on this subject.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Does it include the
correspondence concerning the supplemental
treaty ?
Mr. BANKS. It does not include corre-
spondence at all. It includes the cases.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not think we would
seriously object if you cut it all down.
The amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
ORDEli Of BUSINESS.
Mr. RANDALL. I now call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business is the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] that there be a recess
until three o'clock this afternoon.
The question being taken, there were—ayes
73, noes 49.
Mr. McHENRY called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. McHexiiy
and Mr. Farnsworth were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 83, noes 37.
So the motion that the House take a recess
was agreed to.
Pending the announcement of the vote,
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found duly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 1) to revise, consolidate,
and amend the statutes relating to the Post
Office Department; and
An act (H. R. No. 1541) making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the
year ending June 30, 1873, and for other pur-
poses.
EDUCATIONAL LANDS IN FLORIDA.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre
tary of the Interior, transmitting to the House
of Representatives a list of all lands patented
or conveyed in any manner to the State of
Florida for educational or school purposes;
which was referred to the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor, and ordered to be printed.
COAST SURVEY.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, transmitting, in accord
ance with the act of March 3, 1853, a state-
ment of the number and names of all persons
employed in the coast survey during the fi.scal
year ending June 30, 1871, and a statement
of expenditures under the Superintendent
thereof; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
SCHOOL PROPERTY Off OTTAWA INDIANS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
