1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1480
doubt he may do so; but in many instances
the paymaster is in the field at a distant point;''
and there is another set of objections which
occur to me. Each one of these paymasters
is to be a walking savings bank. Where does
he keep his funds? I think the Senator told
me some time ago in a strong box, or what-
ever it may be. It would occur to me that
such an arrangement as this will be likely
to multiply instances of which we have heard
so much, and that the case is sufficiently pro-
vided for by the opportunity of the soldier to
go to any officer or to any person whom he
selects himself, somebody whom he may prefer
to the paymaster, and make loan or deposit
of his money.
However, I am not going to vote against
this bill if the Senator from Massachusetts
presses it. He understands vastly more
about it than I do ; and I venture only these
suggestions because this seems to me to be an
experiment which, unless it has been thought
of, is pretty hazardous in ils character.
Mr. CORBETT. The former law allowed
the soldiers to deposit with the paymaster
any sum of money which they desired, and the
money was received by the paymaster and was
placed on his books and reported to the Treas-
ury as so much money deposited, and was paid
out to the soldiers like all other money. This
law a few years ago, by some means, was re-
pealed, and the soldiers were compelled to take
back their money. It caused demoralization,
caused thega to desert; and this bill lias been
prepared, as I understand, with a view of simply
restoring that law, and giving to the soldiers
four per cent, on the amount they may leave
with the Government. As the Government
has to pay others interest to the amount of
four per cent, at least, it would seem to be just
to allow the soldiers at least that rate on the
funds they may accumulate with the Govern-
ment until they are discharged. The money
is not to be paid to them until they are dis-
charged. This bill does not prevent them
from selecting any other persons and deposit-
ing their money with them, but simply gives
paymasters an opportunity to receive this
money and pay it out like other money. There
is no trouble in this bill. It has been prepared,
I understand, with a great deal of care.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President 
Mr. PRATT. Is it in order to make a
report?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill is
before the Senate by unanimous consent. It
can be displaced by a call for the regular order.
Mr. PRATT. 1 call for the regular order.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I asked the Senator
from Massachusetts some time ago whether the
paymasters would be responsible on their bonds
for this money deposited with them, and 1 re-
ceived no answer but that these bonds were
properly prepared by the Military Department.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to my friend that
I have looked at, the law on that point
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
being proceeded with by unanimous consent,
and the Senator from Indiana objects to its fur-
ther consideration. Reports of committees are
now in order.
HUPOKTS OF COMMITTEES.
My. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 895) granting a pension to Hannah Gray,
reported it with an amendment, and submitted
a report thereon ; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 495) granting a
pension to Mrs. Charlotte Barnaby^reported
adversely thereon, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Josephine 0. Rep-
sher, praying to be allowed a pension, asked
to be discharged from its further considera-
tion ; which was agreed to.
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 94.
He also, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the petition of Beverly M.
Botts and others, children and heirs-at-law
of John Minor Botts, of Culpeper county,
Virginia, praying remuneration for property
used and destroyed by United States troops
during the rebellion, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill (S. No. 760) for the relief
of Beverly M. Botts, Rosalie S. Lewis, Isabella
McLean Lewis, and Mary Minor Hoxey, chil-
dren and heirs-at-law of John Minor Botts,
deceased.
The bill was read and passed to the second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee, on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Melinda Walters, widow of Robert Walters,
late of the United States Marino corps, pray-
ing to be allowed a pension, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and
that the petitioner have leave to withdraw her
papers; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of soldiers and eiti-
zeus of New York, praying that pensions be
granted to women for services rendered in the
military hospitals, asked to b'e discharged from
its further consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of survivors of the
war of 1812, praying an amendment to the act
of February 14, 1871, granting pensions to the
soldiers of the war of 1812, so that soldiers
who served fourteen days in that war may be
allowed a pension, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mrs. Ann M. Mar-
shall, widow of Captain Patterson Marshall,
deceased, praying for a pension, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Charles F. Bey-
land, praying to be allowed a pension, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration j
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Jane D. Mum-
ford, of Massachusetts, praying that a pension
be granted her for the services of her son,
Captain Dudley C. Mumf'ord, who was killed
in battle at Prospect Hill, Virginia, May 3,
18G4, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Joseph Burnham,
praying for an increase of pension, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration,
and that the petitioner have leave to withdraw
his petition ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (II. li. No. 450) increas-
ing the pension of Joseph Burnham, reported
it adversely, and moved its indefinite postpone-
ment ; which was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was recommitted the bill
(S. No. 41) to enable the Secretary of War to
enlarge the depot at Fort Leavenworth, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 65) to amend an act
entitled " An act to authorize the construction
of certain bridges, and to establish them as
post roads," approved July 25, 1866, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration ;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Alabama in favor of landsbeing grant-
ed in aid of the construction of the Mobile and
Northwestern railroad, asked to be discharge!
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands;
which was agreed to.
Mr. SAULSBURY, from the Committee ok
Pensions, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R, No. 624) granting a pension to Elizabeth
H. Morgan, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, ta whom
was referred the petition of Mary Mudgett, of
New York, praying the payment of arrears of
pension due her son, James Mudgett, asked
to be discharged from its further considera-
tion ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom,
was referred the petition of George W. True-
heart, praying an increase of pension, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Louisa Norman-
din, praying the payment of arrears of pen-
sion due her son, John Normandin, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration j
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Captain Isaac V.
Dennis, of the Iowa volunteer infantry, pray-
ing that he be allowed a pension, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration ;
which was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, from the Com-
mittee on Patents, to whom was referred the
petition of Samuel Gardiner, jr., praying com-
pensation for the use of .his patent apparatus
for lighting gas in the Capitol by electricity,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee to Audit and Control the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate j which was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 639) to provide for the protection of navi-
gable waters of the United Stales from obstruc-
tion and damage, reported it without amend-
ment.
biils introduced,
Mr. CLAYTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 761) for the relief of Albert A. Morey;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Pensions, and ordered to
be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 702)
for the relief of John W. Crawford; which
was road twice by ils title, referred to the
Committee on Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WINDOM asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 763) annulling all laws of the District of
Columbia, imposing a license or tax as^ a
requisite for the transaction of business with
any of the Departments of the General Gov-
ernment; which was read twice by its title;
referred to the Committee oil the District ot
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. 1UCE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave t,o introduce a bill (S. No.
764) to relieve innocent purchasers of lands,
entered in accordance with an act of Congress
approved August 4, 1854, in the State of
Arkansas; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed,
Mr. BUCKINGHAM asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduces,
billfS No. 765) for the relief of the heirs of
Captain B. It. Perkins, of the United States
Army; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (o.
No. 766) to establish an additional land dis-
trict in the Territory of Dakota ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the commit'
tee on Public Lauds, and ordered to be printed.
Mr OSBORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introdueea bill I[S.
No. 767) to establish the western judicial dis-
