1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2385
ward Berry, John McFall, and William H.
Judd, praying that certain internal revenue
taxes paid by them for sales made while acting
as Siate agents for the inspection and sale of
tobacco he refunded; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. JOHNSTON' presented the petition
of William McDaniel, of Culpepper, Virginia,
a soldier of the war of 1812, praying to be
allowed u pension ; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. THUUMAN presented the petition of
Mrs. Jane W. Brent, praying to be allowed a
pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. PATTERSON. I present a petition
signed by the Governor, the Governor-elect,
and quite a number of other leading gentle-
men of my State, asking for the enactment of
a law granting to each State the proceeds from
the sales of public lands to the amount of
$30,000 for each of its Senators and Repre-
sentatives in Congress, for the endowment of
one university in each such State, whose lead-
ing object shall be the higher education of
women. I move the reference of this petition
to the Committee on Education and Labor.
The motion was agreed to.
reports of committees.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask leave to have taken
up for present consideration Senate bill No.
881, to provide for the abatement or repay-
ment of taxes on distilled spirits in bond
destroyed by casualty.
Mr. POMEROY. I will make no objection
as soon as we get through reports.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the bill indicated by the Senator
from Delaware will be called up, subject to
the morning business.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection, and the bill referred to by the
Senator from Delaware—a bill which was
under consideration yesterday morning—will
be regarded as before the Senate, subject to the
reception of the morning business. Reports
of committees are now in order.
Mr. SAWYER, from the Committee on
Education and Labor, to whom were referred
the memorial of officers of the California
Academy of Sciences, and others, asking an
appropriation to enable American astrono-
mers to observe the transit of Venus in De-
cember, 1874; the petition of the Philosophical
Society of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, at-
tested by the officers, for a liberal appropri-
ation by Congress to enable it to make a full
observation of the transit of Venus across the
sun's disk on December 8, 1874; and also the
memorial of the Connecticut Academy of Arts
and Sciences, asking an appropriation to enable
American astronomers to take part in the
observation of the transit of Venus, to occur
December, 1874, reported a bill (S. No. 963)
making an appropriation for instruments to be
used in taking observations upon the transit
of Venus in 1874.
The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. SAWYER. I give notice that on Mon-
day or Tuesday next, after the morning hour,
I shall crave the indulgence of the Senate for
a few minutes to make some remarks upon
this subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Perhaps, then,
the Senator had better have this bill printed
and recommitted to the committee, and he can
make his remarks when he reports it back
again.
Mr. SAWYER. Very well.
The bill was read the second time, and
recommitted to the Committee on Education
and Labor.
Mr. SAWYER, from the Committee on
Education and Labor, to whom the subject
was referred, reported a bill (S. No. 964) to
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 150.
amend an act entitled " An act to amend the
fifth section of anactentitled ' An actdonating
public lands to the several States and Terri-
tories which may provide colleges for the
benefit of agriculture and the mechanic arts,'
approved J uly 2, 1862, so as to extend the
time within which the provisions of said act
shall be excepted and such colleges estab-
lished," approved July 23, 1860 ; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 799) to amend an act to regulate the
foreign and coasting trade on the northern,
northeastern, and northwestern frontiers of
the United States, and for other purposes,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. KELLOGG, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 82) providing for a
more effective system of quarantine on the
southern and Gulf coasts, reported it with
amendments.
Mr, HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of John W.
Smith, praying for compensation for services
as scout, &c., in the years 1861, 1862. and
1863, reported adversely thereon, and the
committee was discharged from its further
consideration.
report op claims commission.
Mr. HOWE. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 105) authorizing the commissioners of
claims appointed under the act approved
March 3, 1871, to make an additional report
during the present session of Congress, have
instructed me to report it back withoutamend-
ment, and recommend its passage. It is very
desirable that there should be early action on
this resolution, and I am requested to ask for
its present consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware has had consent to call up a bill on
the conclusion of the morning business. There
are but sixteen minutes left of the morning
hour.
Mr. HOWE. There will be no objection to
this resolution. It will be passed as soon as
it is read, I am sure.
Mr. WEST. There will be no debate on it.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. POMEROY. I think that ought to be
changed to a concurrent resolution or a bill.
Mr. WEST. Oh, no ; it is simply a resolu-
tion calling for information.
preemptioners in the northwest.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 864) to extend the time of payment
for their lands by persons holding preemptions
on the public lands in the State of Minnesota,
report it with amendments. The committee
propose to amend the bill so as to include, at
the suggestion of the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Hamlin,] the Territory of Dakota and the
States of Wisconsin and Michigan, where the
fires prevailed last year. It extends the time
for one year to these preemptioners to make
payment. I am requested to ask that the bill
be put on it passage.
Mr. BAYARD. I understood the Senator
to consent to taking up the bill indicated by
me.
Mr. POMEROY. There are only four or
five lines in this bill, and it will not take time.
By unanimous consent the bill (H. R. No.
864) to extend the time of payment for their
lands by persons holding preemptions on the
public lands in the State of Minnesota, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Committee on Public Lands proposed
to amend the bill so as to make it read:
That all persons holding preemptions upon any of
the public lands of the United States within the
Territory of Dakota and the State? of Minnesota,
\v lsconein, and Michigan, whose final payment hag
not been made, shall be allowed the additional time
ot one year in which to make final proof and pay-
ment from the time at which such preemptions are
required to be paid for by the present laws.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in. It
was ordered that the amendments be engrossed
and the bill read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
notices op business.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I give notiee
that at an early day next week I shall endeavor
to get action on the bill donating a further
amount of land in aid of agricultural colleges.
Mr. RAMSEY. I give notice that at some
early day next week, or to-morrow, if the Sen-
ate will give me that day, I shall call up the
postal code bill.
bills introduced.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
965) authorizing the Secretary of the Interior
to have jurisdiction over the people of Alaska
called Indians, and for other purposes ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
966) to amend an act entitled "An act to aid
in the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the Missouri river to the Pacific
ocean, and to secure to the Government the
use of the same for postal, military, and other
purposes," approved July 1, 1862, and to es-
tablish the point for the western terminus of
said railroad; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 967) granting the right of way to the Da-
kota Southern Railway Company ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
AUSTRALIAN MAIL SERVICE.
Mr. COLE. I have tried several times to
get up the Australian mail steamship bill.
Senate bill No. 49. I move now that that bill
be made the special order for Thursday, the
18th instant, next Thursday.
The motion was agreed to.
taxes on spirits destroyed in bond.
Mr. BAYARD. I now ask that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 881.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 881) to provide
for the abatement or repayment of taxes on
distilled spirits in bond destroyed by casualty.
Mr. PRATT. I offer the following amend-
ment to the first section of the bill:
Provided., however, That when the owners of sueh
distilled spirits so destroyed as aforesaid may be
indemnified against said tax by a valid claim of
insurance, said taxes shall not be remitted to the
extent of such insurance.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not think there is any
objection to that. As we have had a general
law in force for some twenty-five or twenty-six
years making this rebate of duties on all im-
ported merchandise, in which the restriction
as to insurance has not been found necessary,
the committee did not report it; but I do not
know that there is any objection to the amend-
ment.
Mr. CORBETT. Do I understand the Sen-
ator to state that there is a rebate upon all
imported merchandise in bond that is destroyed
by fire ?
Mr. BAYARD. Distinctly so.
Mr. CORBETT. I understand that the Com-
mittee on Finance have reported against such
