4'M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3.
Secretary of the Inferior, transmitting a re-
port of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs in
relation to the disposition of school property
of Ottawa Indians in Kansas, under treaty
of June 24, 18G2; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
l>e printed.
new district land offices.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent," laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a com;
^ miinication from the Commissioner of the Gen-
era! Land Office, submitting estimate of appro-
priations required for the expenses of the nine
new district land offices recently created by
Congress; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
compendium of nintii census.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting to t.he
House of Representatives a letter from the
acting Superintendent of the Census recom-
mending the printing of two hundred and fifty
thousand copies of t.he compendium of the
ninth census; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
ROCK ISLAND BRIDGE.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
Bent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, transmitting a communica-
tion ftotn Colonel J. M. Macomb, corps of
engineers, in relation to the balance of appro-
priations for the construction of the Rock
Island bridge ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, aud ordered to be
printed.
fenian prisoners.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of State, in relation to a joint resolu-
tion referred to the Committee 011 Foreign
Affairs, stating that 110 persons are now in
prison in Canada 011 account of complicity in
the Fenian invasion of Canada in June, 1806;
■which was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
TEXAS AGRICULTURAL SCRIP.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Governor of the State of Texas, in compli-
ance with the act, of July 2, 1802, relating to
the sale of agricultural scrip received by the
said State under said act; which was referred
to the Committee on Education and Labor,
and ordered to bo printed.
william s. malcolm.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, transmitting papers relating
to the petition of William S. Malcolm ; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be primed.
bids for mail service.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent. laid before the House a letter from the
Postmaster General, transmitting, in compli-
ance with the act of July 2, 1836, abstracts
of offers for conveying mails upon the dif-
ferent routes in the United States : which was
referred to the Committee on the' Post Office
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
national asylum for disabled volunteers.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House the report of the
board of managers of the National Asylum
for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers for the year
1811 : which was referred to the Committee
011 Military AB'airs, and ordered to be printed.-
DAM ACROSS THE OHIO RIVElt. ' '
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before tiie House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in answer to the resolution
of the House of the 24th instant, transmitting
a report of Major William E. Merrill, in rela-
tion to the building of a dam across the Ohio
river atMcKee's rocks; which was referred
to the! Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
sales of property by navy department.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to a
resolution of the House of the 14th of Febru-
ary last, transmitting information relative to
the amount of money paid into the Treasury,
or to t'he Treasurer of the United States, from
sales of property by the officers of the Navy
Department since June 30, 1805; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. SWANN. by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of papers iu the
case of William Schilling.
On motion of Mr. DUKE, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted lor the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in the
case of Hamilton Boyd.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to_Mr, Harmer for three days.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Bigby for three days.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Moore from Wednesday morn-
ing next till the close of the session.
The House then (at twelve o'clock and fifty-
three minutes p. m.) took a recess until three
o'clock.
AFTERNOON SESSION.
The recess having expired, the House re-
sumed its session at three o'clock p. m.
soldiers' monuments in massachusetts.
Mr. CROCKER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution (H. H. No. 1U0)
donating four condemned cannon for soldiers'
monuments at Fitchburg, Massachusetts, and
Athol, Massachusetts; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
NORTHERN PACIFIC RAILKOAD.
Mr. SYPHER, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred the
resolution of the House of Representatives of
the 13th of February last., authorizing and
directing an investigation to be made into the
affairs and condition of the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company, submitted the evidence
thus far taken by the committee, and moved
that it be recommitted to the committee, and
printed.
Mr. RANDALL. I want to know what
the recommittal means.
Mr. SYPHER. Jt is merely the testimony
taken in accordance with the resolution of the
House of February last.
Mr. RANDALL. Then there is no occasion
for recommittal. That might imply a right on
the part of the committee to report a bill or
something.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be brought back
by a motion to reconsider.
Mr. Syphek's motion was then agreed to.
land district in arizona.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. I move that
the rules be suspended, and the Committee on
the Public Lands be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the bill (IT. R. No 2089)
creating an additional land district in the Terri-
tory of Arizona, and that the same be passed.
Mr. RANDALL. Is this the report of a
committee?
, Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. I would
say that this bill has been considered by the I
Committee on the Public Lands and has
received their approval.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire if this
bill has been before any committee'/
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows nothing
about the bill.
Mr. DUNNELL. The billhas been before
the Committee 011 the Public Lands and they
unanimously recommend its passage.
Mr. MAYNARD. What do the sales of
public lands in Arizona amount to ?
Mr. McCORMICK, of Aiizuna. I do not
know the exact amount.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is the amount sufficient
to pay the salaries of these officers ?
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. Yes, sir.
The present land otlicc is two hundred and
fifty to three hundred and filty miles from many
of the surveyed lands, and that is one reason
why comparatively few land sales have beeu
made. The Commissioner of the General
Land Office recommends the passage of this
bill. 1 aik for the reading of the letter from
him which 1 send to-the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as lollows:
Department op the Intkriotc,
uliixmul L,ym> Office,
Washington, li. t!., April M, w72.
Str: Referring to your letter of the 2.2(1 instant,
relative 10 tbe establishment of an additional land
district in Arizona, I would state that I have care-
fully considered the subject, and in view of the laeb
ttiat tlie residents ot southern Arizona are subject
to great danger and hardship in proceeding 10 she
land office at Preseoit. and that as it is desira hie to
offer all reasonable facilities to the settlers who are
now in that region, as well as those who ui.iy be
induced to go there to settle along the line ol the
Texas Pacific ranroad, there appears to be a neces-
sity lor tile creation of anew land district, although
the amount of business now transacted at the local
land ofhee in the Territory would not under other
circumstances justify me in making the recommend-
ation.
Very respectfully,
WILLIS DRUMMOND,
LuilllIllXHtoneT,
Hon, R, C. McCormick, House of Representative*.
The question was then taken ; (and two thirds
voting in favor thereof) the rules were sus-
pended, and the bill was passed.
message from ti1b senate.
A message from the Senate, liy Mr. Sy.up-
SON, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, hills
of the House of the following titles:
A bill (H. li. No. C31) to amend an act en-
titled '' An act regulating proceedings in crim-
inal cases, and for other purposes," approved
March 3, 18G5;
A bill (II. R. No. 1982) to provide for
holding a circuit court of the Untied States
in aud for the western district of Missouri;
A bill (H. R. No. 232G) for the leliefof
Mrs. R. A. Kennedy;
A bill (H. R. No. 2032) to provide for
filling vacancies iu certain offices iu the several
Territories ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2fi33) amendatory of an
act approved March 2, 1867, entitled "A11 act
amendatory of an act to provide a temporary
government for the Territory of Montana,
approved May 2G, 18G4 ;" and
A bill (II. II. No. 28G9) for the relief of
Martin Freeman.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed and requested the concur-
rence of the House in bills of the following
titles:
A bill (S. No. 399) to amend an act enti-
tled ''An act to establish a uniform sysiem of
bankruptcy throughout the United States;"
A bill (S. No. 538) for 1 he relief of Albert
D. Pierce, postmasi er at Sumtierville, Oitowa
county, Kansas ; and
A bill (8. No. 1184) relating to the limita-
tion of steam pressure 011 towing and freight-
boats on the Mississippi river and its tribu-
taries.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr, BIRD, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
