2386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
bills. I think I had a case here where I pre-
sented such a bill, and I understood them to
refuse.
,Mr. BAYARD. It has been the law since
1854, certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. Where imported goods
were still m the original packages and are
destroyed by fire, in such cases the duties are
always remitted.
Mr. CORBETT. I understood the case to
be where the goods were still in the bonded
warehouse of the Government.
Mr. SHERMAN. The law makes rebate in
such cases. There is no necessity for a special
law in that case.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I am not going to make
any opposition ; but I rise to inquire from the
Senator from Delaware why he makes this so
retrospective, going back so far ?
Mr. BAYARD. Because the committee
already have before them a number of cases,
some of which are of as early date as the date
we have fixed ; and this is meant to cover cases
now before us.
Mr. POMEROY. It is not a good system
of legislation to pass bills that are so retro-
spective.
Mr. BAYARD. That is true ; and it would
not have been done except to cover cases
actually before us. This is to save special
legislation which has never yet been refused.
Mr. COLE. I should like to know how far
back this bill is to extend.
Mr.BAYARD. Byits terms it is to extend
back to January 1, 1868, to cover the cases
now before the committee.
Mr. (JOLE. I do not know that I shall
oppose the passage of this bill; but I am very
apprehensive that if it is passed it will result
iu very great frauds and cheating of the Gov-
ernment, notwithstanding all the vigilance and
diligence that may be exercised on the part of
the Department. It is alleged that certain
bonded distillery warehouses have been eon
sumed without opposition of the owners or by
connivance of the owners, and the allegation
is made immediately afterward that they were
filled with spirits, whereas the spirits had been
abstracted from the warehouses, and empty
casks were burned up in the warehouses.
From the disposition to cheat evinced in this
business, as alluded to yesterday very properly
by my friend from Kansas, [Mr. Pomeroy,]
we may well apprehend that cheating the Gov-
ernment will follow the passage of a law of
this kind.
Mr. BAYARD. This bill expressly pro-
tects against that.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in. The bill was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
fort wilktns and fort toward road.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lie Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 578) to extend the time for the com-
pletion of the military road from Port Wil-
kins, at Copper Harbor, in the State of Mich-
igan, to Port Howard, at Green Bay, in the
Stare of Wisconsin, have directed me to re-
port it back without amendment, and to recom-
mend its passage, and as it has already passed
the House, I am requested to ask that it be
put on its passage in the Senate. It is a bill
of but a few lines.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to extend the time
for the construction and completion of the
' military road from Fort Wilkms, at Copper
Harbor, in the State of Michigan, to Fort
Howard, at Green Bay, ia the State of Wis-
consin, until the l,--f of January, 1871: all the
grants, rights, and privileges connuned in the
original grant are to be continued in full force
^nd virtue for that time.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I wish the Senator
who reported that bill would give us some
explanation of it.
Mr. POMEROY. The explanation is simply
this : the time allowed for the completion of
the road is out, or nearly out, and they have
almost completed the road. It is a road one
hundred and eighty or two hundred miles long,
and they have completed it within thirty-two
miles, and they desire to have the time ex-
tended a couple of years longer to enable them
to complete the last thirty-two miles of the
road.
Mr. HARLAN. Where is this road located?
Mr. POMEROY. In the State of Michigan
almost wholly. It goes to the Wisconsin State
hue from Fort Wilkins.
Thg VICE PRESIDENT. It is a military
road.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I will state that
the incompleted portion of the road of thirty-
two miles is in the State of Michigan. The
whole length of the line extends through the
State of Wisconsin, or a portion of that State,
but that has been completed. The portion
which is incomplete is within the boundaries
of the State of Michigan.
Mr. POMEROY. That is what I thought.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I think there
can be no objection whatever to the bill.
Mr. ROBERTSON. What I wished to
ascertain was whether any part of the road
had been completed. I am satisfied now.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. The whole length
of the road is two hundred and ninety-five
miles, I think, and all but thirty-two miles
is completed.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I have no objection
to the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
post office department.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have a communication
from the Postmaster General, addressed to me
as chairman of the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, covering a valuable table of
the comparative expenses and receipts of the
Post Office Department for several years. I
move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
dte indian reservation.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask unanimous con-
sent to take up House bill No. 1862. It makes
no appropriation, but simply authorizes the
Secretary of the Interior to make negotiations
with the CJte Indians in Colorado. I reported
the bill the other day, but it was objected to by
the Senator from South Carolina.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is but a
half minute remaining of the morning hour.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 1862) authorizing the
Secretary of the Interior to make certain ne-
gotiations with the Ute Indians in Colorado.
It empowers the Secretary of the Interior to
enter into negotiations with the Ute Indians
in Colorado Territory for the extinguishment
of their right to the south part of a certaiu
reservation made in pursuance of a treaty con-
cluded March 2, 1808, situate in the southwest
portion of the Territory of Colorado, who is
to report his proceedings to Congr'pss for its
consideration, the expense of such negotiation
to be paid by the United States.
Mr. COLE. Does that call for another
Indian treaty? 1 apprehend that is the pur-
port of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If objection be
made, the morning hour has expired 
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not understand
the question.
Mr. COLE. I think the bill will result in
making another Indian treaty, and I thought
we had abandoned that policy.
Mr. STEVENSON. No, sir; it does not
make another Indian treaty at all.
Mr. COLE. Then the Government must
have authority to do what is required without
this bill.
Mr. STEVENSON. We only ask to know
upon what terms the land will be sold by these
Indians, which are to be reported to the Senate
at its next session.
Mr. COLE. Which is a treaty, which is a
convention between us and the Ute Indians.
Mr. STEVENSON. It only proposes an
inquiry as to the terms on which these Indians
will cede their lands. The bill is absolutely
essential, because the whites are now coming
in, and you will have a conflict there. Val-
uable gold and silver mines have recently
been discovered in the southern portion of
this reservation, and the whites are going
there in large numbers.
Mr. COLE. The tomahawk is always raised
and the threat of waralwaysmadeunlessthe.se
Indian propositions are allowed to carry.
Mr. STEVENSON. All we desire by this
bill is merely an inquiry to know upon what
terms the Indians will cede their lands, to be
reported to the Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
order of business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the unfinished business
pending at the adjournment yesterday is before
the Sena'e, being the resolution in regard to
the North Carolina contested-election case, on
which the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Car-
penter] is entitled to the floor; but the Chair
remembers that some days since the Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron] gave notice
that atone o'clock to-day he would ask the
Senate to lay aside whatever was pending for
the purpose of calling up the French spol'ation
bill. Does the Senator from Wisconsin yield
to the Senator from Pennsylvania?
Mr. CARPENTER.^ I think this election
case is one of such piivilege and importance
that we ought to adhere to it and finish it. It
would suit my personal convenience quite as
well to have it go over, but at the same time I
think I should not discharge my duty if 1 did
not insist upon proceeding with it.
t The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin is in possession of the floor, and if
he does not yield, the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania cannot make the motion of which he
gave notice until he concludes.
Mr. CAMERON. I should like very much
to have the Senate acton the French spolia-
tion bill to-day. The Senator knows full well
that I have given way more than half a dozen
times already. It is an important bill to a
large number of people.
Mr. CARPENTER. If my friend will
pardon me, I would not take any technical
advantage by having the floor, and if the Sen-
ator desires to postpone the election case, or to
test the sense of the Senate on that question,
I will yield the floor to enable him to make
the motion.
Mr. CAMERON. I will not do that, be-
cause I rely on the courtesy of the Senator
from Wisconsin, as well as of the Senator in
charge of the appropriation bills. 1 know that
I can only bring it up through their courtesy
and kindness, but I give notice again that a3
soon as this North Carolina case is disposed
of I trust the Senate will allow me to bring
that bill up and dispose of it the very fir t
thing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Pennsylvania, and
also to the Senate, that Monday, Tuesday,
lhursday, and Friday of next week have ail
been assigned for various committees. Wed-
nesday has not been assigned. The Commit-
tee on Appropriations have not claimed it.
Mr. COLE. I think I shall ask that day
for an appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
