542
appendix: tfo the cong-hessional globe.
[May 21,
Senate.
Extension of Ku Klux Act—Mr. Morton.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
the South that they had lost no rights by the
rebellion ; they had forfeited no rights ; they
were not bound to submit to any conditions,
but had a right to come back into the Union
and resume their place in Congress and re-
sume their political rights just as if nothing
had occurred. The South did not think so
when the war was ended. They were pre-
pared to submit to any conditions that might
be required by the North that were reasonable
in character ; but gradually, by the influence
of the Democratic party of the North, they
were brought to believe that they had forfeited
no rights; that to require any conditions of
reconstruction was a usurpation and a tyranny
on the part of the Government; and this grow-
ing conviction in the South led to nearly all our
subsequent troubles.
When in 1867 Congress was finally com-
pelled to embark irt the work of reconstruction,
and we passed the first reconstruction act and
the work of reconstruction began, that was
thrown by the action of the northern Democ-
racy and of the southern leaders into the hands
of the colored people and the northern men
who had gone to the South. The leading men
of the South, those who had been engaged in
the rebellion, those who were especially re-
cognized as Democratic politicians, rejected
reconstruction, not only would have nothing
to do with it, but opposed it, denounced it, and
thus it was thrown from necessity into the
hands of the colored men and the few white
Republicans of the South. They were almost
incompetent of themselves to engage in this
work of reconstruction, because of their want
of political experience, and northern men who
went down there to make the South their home
were readily received, were readily put for-
ward as political leaders, and many of them
were elected to office. This was a necessity
of the situation. If anybody was to blame
for it, it was the southern people who refused
to take part in reconstruction. If they had
accepted the situation, if the men of influence
and intelligence and political experience in the
South had come forward and accepted the plan
of reconstruction, they would have had it in
their hands, instead of it being thrown into the
hands chiefly, as it was, of the colored people
and of those whom they designate as " carpet-
baggers" and " scalawags." But southern men
rejected it, did all in their power to defeat it,
and after those State governments were set on
foot and put in operation they denounced them
as illegal and unconstitutional, denied their
authority, impaired their prestige and influ-
ence, treated them as null and void, and thus
took from those southern Slate governments
that hold upon the public conscience and the
public mind that is necessary for the efficiency
and the success of any State government.
To come a little further down, only the year
afterward, in 1868, we find this great Demo-
cratic organization in convention assembled
in the city of New York resolving that the
reconstruction acts were null and void, thus
saying to the southern people, " They are of
no binding effect upon you, you have a right
to treat them as a nullity and to cast them
aside by force;" and a distinguished Demo-
cratic leader, a man who was placed upon the
ticket, openly published a letter in which he
avowed these sentiment* and declared that it
would be the duty of a Democratic President
when elected to use the bayonet to disperse
these carpet-bag governments.
The cry was raised against the carpet-bag-
gers. Those were designated as carpet-bag-
gers who had remained behind in the South
when the war was over. Many officers and
soldiers who fell in love with the South during
their campaigns, who loved its soil and its cli-
mate, desired to make it their home and they
remained there. Some never returned. A
great many went back there after a brief visit
to the North. They thought it was their
country, that they had as much right to settle
in Georgia and Florida and South Carolina,
as they had in Indiana, Ohio, and New York.
Others who had not been in the Army went
down there. They went there with their cap-
ital to invest in manufactures, to purchase
plantations, to engage in business of different
kinds. Then there were young men aspiring
in the profession's, lawyers, doctors, ministers,
enterprising merchants, mechanics and busi-
ness men of every kind who thought the
South presented a grand field for them, and
they would go there and make it their home.
But pretty soon the cry of "carpet-baggers"
was raised ; that th ese were northern adves-
turers. They were put under the so'cial ban,
and the doors of the houses of the southern
people were shut against them. Southern
women would not associate with northern
women. Everything was done to degrade
them, to make them unhappy, to drive them
out; and this has been one of the great mis
takes of the South.
Sir, what they needed was'' carpet- baggers,''
with carpet-bags well filled with capital. What
they needed was immigrants. They needed
northern capital and industry and enterprise,
and it was going there, and there threatened
to be an exodus from the North to the South,
the like of which bad never been seen from
one country to another, and if it had not been
for the unfortunate change I speak of, that
exodus would have taken place, and there
would have been such a rush of immigrants,
of capital, and of labor from the States of the
North to the States of the South as has never
been witnessed upon this or any other conti-
nent.
This cry of "carpet-baggers" has its origin
in part in selfish considerations with those who
first raised it in the South. It has its origin
partly in that State-right feeling that a man's
allegiauce was due to his State rather than to
the nation, and that a man had no right to
come into North Carolina or South Carolina
and at once enter upon the full enjoyment of
equal civil and political rights; th t he must
be there a longtime. There was wanting that
feeling of nationality, there was wanting that
feeling that we are one people, that we are
citizens of each and every State where we
ehoose to go with equal rights. That will be
overcome by and by, but that has been the
prevailing feeling in the South, and it has
done to the South incalculable injury.
Then again those southern men, born upon
the soil, who remained Union men were
called "scalawags." Every indignity was
heaped upon them. They were placed under
social and political ostracism. They were
utterly degraded from society. For a man to
be a Republican in the South during the years
1867, 1868, 1869, and 1870 was equivalent to
his expulsion from the parlor and from equal
social rights and enjoyments. This was an-
other great error, an error affecting the South
deeply, and that will continue to affect her
until she shall entirely recover from it.
The South is not to blame for this entirely,
I will not say chiefly, for if my memory
serves me correctly, the first cry against car-
pet baggers even was raised by northern poli-
ticians. I think politicians and newspapers
in the North were among the first to denounce
these adventurers who went to the South and
were commonly called carpet-baggers, and
southern Union men were denounced by north-
ern Democratic politicians as scalawags, as
miserable low fellows unworthy the society of
gentlemen.
Thus it was that the offices and the control
of the governments of the southern States
were in great part thrown into the hands of
the colored men, inexperienced in political
life, the most of them unlearned and illiter-
ate; generally with good intentions, but from
a want of education and from a want of experi-
ence unqualified at once to take charge of the
government of a State.
If the colored people were in this condition
who were responsible for it? Who made them
ignorant and illiterate? It was their former
masters, who made it a crime punishable with
imprisonment in the penitentiary to teach a
colored man or a colored child to read or
write; and if the poisoned chalice has been
commended to their on lips, if they have been
in some sort required to endure the conse-
quences of the ignorance of these people and
the condition in which they were placed, it is
not the first time in history that evils like
these have come home to those who inflicted
them.
Let me say one thing further about the
carpet baggers before I leave them entirely.
Some of them turned out to tJfi bad men.
That was inevitable. A great many went
there in pursuit of their fortunes, just as when
a prospect opened in California, thousands
rushed there, and when a prospect subse-
quently opened in other States and Territories,
thousands have rushed there, most of whom
have subsequently become successful, and
become respected and highly useful citizens;
and while some of those who went South
turned out badly, most of them did not.
Thousands were driven back. Many thou-
sands lost all they took with them; but the
great mass of carpet-baggers who went South,
and those designated as such, are quite as good
to-day as the men who denounce them ; and in
saying that I intend to cast imputations upon
nobody. A great many were made bad men,
perhaps, who would have been good men
under other circumstances. When they got
there they found themselves ostracized, they
found themselves persecuted, driven from
society, placed under suspicion, deprived of
those things that make life agreeable and
pleasant. They became full of bitterness, and
often necessity and poverty drove them to do
things that under other circumstances they
would not have done. For such failures they
were not so much responsible as those who
brought these things upon them.
Mr. President, it was stated to-day that the
honored men of the South had been excluded
from office and the government of those States
had been placed in the hands of the colored
people and of these northern adventurers.
Who have been excluded from office by the
Government, to take up the statement made
to-day by the Senator from Delaware ? When
reconstruction began, and until recently, the
old politicians of the South, those who had
been slaveholders and planters—not all, but
I am speaking of most of them—stood aloof
from reconstruction. They all had the right
to vote; the young men all had the right to
hold office; but a few thousand in each State,
not sixty thousand in all, were excluded from
the right to hold office under the fourteenth
amendment. The great body of them had the
right to vote and the right to hold office and
to exercise every political privilege which I
have a right to exercise.
If they had taken the proper course they
would have acquired the confidence of the
colored people, they would have acquired the
confidence of the poor white' people of the
South, and they would have had the govern-
ment in their hands; but their course was such
as from the first to satisfy the colored people
that they could not trust them; that the mo-
ment these men came into power they would
deprive them of their civil and political rights.
They forfeited entirely the confidence of the
colored people of the South. Their exclu-
sion from office was the result of their own
conduct. Does any intelligent man here
to-night doubt for one moment that if the
