1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
643
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Extension of Ku Klux Act—Mr. Morton.
Senate.
people of the South had gone forward as they
commenced in 1865, after the close of the war,
■what is called general amnesty—not uni-
versal amnesty—would have been conceded
years ago, and perhaps at the very first session
of Congress after the war ended?
Now, Mr. President, I shall consider for a little
while the character of the evidence presented by
the investigating committee. I must say that the
great body of that evidence is wholly unaffected
and untouched by the efforts that have been
made to impugn it and to set it aside in the
Senate. The Senators on the other side have
picked up scraps of testimony culled out from
these seven or eight thousand pages, introduced
newspaper scraps and anonymous letters,
but the great body of the testimony all con-
spires to prove two or three propositions
which cannot and have not been shaken.
Why, sir, when I heard the labored efforts of
able Senators to attack this body of testimony
and to create wrong impressions throughout
the country, I was reminded of a description
that Voltaire gives in one of his poems of a
prisoner who was confined in a granite dun-
geon, and who stood by the side of the wall
every day for years with wooden splinters in
his hand trying to make his way out of the
wall by picking the mortar out from between
the huge blocks of granite. Such seemed to
be the position and attitude of these Senators.
They were standing by the huge mass of this
testimony with splinters in their hands trying
to pick it to pieces and destroy its force and
effect before the country, and I think they
have had quite as much success in their arduous
undertaking as the prisoner had who was
described by Voltaire.
What is the proposition established by this
testimoney, overwhelmingly, conclusively, so
that there is no doubt left, and no man who
reads it can doubt it,. unless he begins to read
with a prejudice and with a passion that takes
from his mind the capacity to gather and to
comprehend truth, that there is an organ-
ized society armed and equipped, a homogen-
eous society, as much so as Masonry or Odd-
Fellowship, having a uniformity of signs, of
pass words, of grips, of ceremonies of oaths,
and a unity of purpose existing in nine States
of this Union? This organization in Missis-
sippi is the same as it is in South Carolina, and
the same that it is in North Carolina, some-
times carrying one narnS for temporary con-
venience and safety, and sometimes carrying
another, embracing thousands. We have the
testimony of General Forrest that at one time
there were forty thousand in the single State
of Tennessee. We cannot doubt that it em-
braced hundreds of thousands taking those
nine States through. It is distinguished by its
disguises, its hideous uniform, traveling at
night,committing like crimes; one gang (joing
from Mississippi over into Alabama, it you
please, to commit a crime, traveling forty or
fifty miles, while another gang from Alabama
■will pass into -Mississippi to a place where
they are total strangers, and having received
their orders there to commit a murder or
several murders, there to whip, to outrage and
to burn. This proposition is fully, overwhelm-
ingly established by the evidence, and cannot
be shaken by the honorable Senators any
more than they can shake Washington Monu-
ment down here by putting their fingers upon
it.
The character of that organization is also
completely established. What is it? First, that
it is political in its character; that it is aimed
at the Republican party so called. It is aimed
particularly at the colored people, first, be-
cause they are Republicans ; secondly, be-
cause they are colored people and are invested
with political rights. They were recently slaves,
and the men who held them as slaves, many
of them—not all; there are some nobl# excep-
tions—cannot endure to see them as freemen
clothed with equal civil and political rights.
This organization is political, thoroughly and
completely in every part, although it has un-
doubtedly sometimes been employed for pur-
poses of private malice or of private gain.
Then what is its machinery ? Murder, scourg-
ing, arson, crimes without a name, atrocities
of every kind. The principal machinery is
perjury, perjury forself-protectiou and perjury
for the assault of its enemies. Its members
are required to commit perjury in court to pro-
tect their fellow-members upon trial, and are
required to commit perjury to blacken the
character, destroy the influence, or imprison
its enemies. This history and feature of this
organization is overwhelmingly established.
They have got witnesses ; of course they have.
The Ku Klux can furnish witnesses upon any
subject to any required point. They can prove
anything that may be required. If necessary,
they can go into court or they can go before
this examining committee and swear that they
were Republicans, and walked three miles on
their hands and feet, as I believe one of them
said he had, to vote the Republican ticket.
Mr. BAYARD. Do they hold offices under
the present Administration?
Mr. MORTON. I expect they do. I should
not be surprised if they did. Men who can
commit midnight murder and crimes without
a name, who can commit perjury in court and
before investigating committees are capable of
imposing upon administrations and of some-
times holding office. There have been trai-
tors in office in all Governments and at all
times, and I expect there always will be. It
may happen to be a part of the duty of some
of these men to profess to be Republicans and
acquire office, and use that office for the pro-
tection of their confederates in crime. To such
men all things are possible save the accom-
plishment of good.
This committee was unable to go into all
the States. They went into five or six. They
were unable to visit all parts of any State.
They could only visit a few counties in the very
nature of things. I take the summary of the
result of this examination from the statement
made by the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Scott] the other day. He says that in ninety-
nine counties which were investigated by this
committee in five or six States, South Caro-
lina, North Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, and
Mississippi, there were five hundred and
twenty-six murders, and twenty-one hundred
and nine outrages of other kinds, most of
them whippings ; some of these outrages of a
kind not to be named. Mark you, they only
gathered a small part of this crop of crimes,
and yet they bring you a record of five hun-
dred and more men murdered, and more than
two thousand wounded, bruised, and outraged.
Why, sir, that is equivalent to a war. If a
mob in London were to murder half a dozen
American citizens and the Government of
England did not promptly bring the murder
ers to justice, or make every effort to do it,
it would be cause of war, and the whole na-
tion would spring to arms. If half a dozen
American citizens were murdered in Havana,
and the Government of Havana did not bring
the murderers to justice, it would be regarded
as cause of war ; and we have recently taken
a course involving a menace and a threat
again Spain because of her arrest and impris-
onment of one man who claims to be an
American citizen, but who has not lived in
this country for twenty years.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And that under the forms
of law, too.
Mr. MORTON. And that under the forms
of law. Not long ago we made war upon
Corea, a distant country on the eastern coast
of Asia, because some years ago the crew of ■
an American ship wrecked upon that coast
had been murdered by the natives and no satis-
faction had been made by the Government of
that country. We made war upon CoreaWe
took her forts; we slaughtered her garrison to
the amount of several hundred. It seems to
be the doctrine of some people that it is our
duty to protect the American citizen upon
every soil except his own ; that in this country
men can be murdered by the thousand, out-
raged by the tens of thousand, and there is no
protection or pretense of protection, and if the
Government of the United States steps forward
for the purpose of offering protection it is
denounced as a crime compared with which
murder, arson, robbery, and every other crime
on the statute-book pales into insignificance.
Now, Mr. President, what is the set-off
against these crimes? The Senators who have
spoken fc>-day and yesterday have said scarcely
anything about these numerous crimes. 1 be-
lieve the Senator from Delaware admitted that
a man by the name of Ashburn had been killed
somewhere, but it was afterward partially jus-
tified, because it was said he was a man of
bad character. Obloquy was heaped upon his
name 
Mr. BAYARD. Does the Senator really
mean before this Senate to state that in any
degree I justified the killing of that man,
because if so, I do not consider that it is for
me to sit here and hear it. The Senator is
surely forgetful when he says such a thing as
that. I condemned the murder of that man
as I condemn any other unlawful and wicked
act,, but I accounted for it by facts in his his-
tory. Surely the Senator must not be driven
in his anxiety for the crusade against me or
the party to which I belong to make such a
charge as that.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I shall do
the Senator no injustice intentionally, cer-
tainly. The Senator did say when speaking
of the Ashburn murder that the murderers
ought to be brought to justice, but the Senator
said much and spent some time afterward in
heaping obloquy upon that man's memory,
saying that he was killed at a colored brothel,
that he was a man of bad character, and be
went on to make statements all of which
would tend to tone down the enormity of the
crime and furnish such excuse for murder as
can ever be furnished by the bad character of
the victim. The Senator cannot deny that.
And, sir, allow me to say that this thing has
been constantly done. Wherever there has
been a murder or an outrage committed in
the South, it has generally been attempted to
heap odium and crime upon the character of the
person who has suffered the outrage as an
excuse for the crime. This thing has been
done so often in the South that it is almost a
rule so far as the Ku Klux are concerned.
Mr. President, we have heard much in re-
gard to the enormity of placing the personal
liberty of the people at the control of the Pres-
ident of the United States. The danger of
arrest has been described here as something
terrific, as carrying terror and alarm through-
out the entire South. We have heard but
little said about the enormity of these out-
rages. Let me call attention to what Hon.
Reverdy Johnson said a fewdays ago at. Co-
lumbia, South Carolina, while attending the
trials of the Ku Klux. When the Ku Klux
were placed upon trial down there, money was
raised by leading southern men, not to prose-
cute the Ku Klux, but to defend them. Such
men as Wade Hampton and General Gordon
made an appeal to the South, levied contribu-
tions upon the South to raise money to defend
these atrocious villains, and two of the ablest
lawyers in the whole country were paid large
fees to go down there for that purpose—Hon.
Reverdy Johnson, and Mr. Stanbery, the former
Attorney General, among the most eminent
lawyers in the nation. Hon. Reverdy John-
