1872.
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
2387
from California gives notice that he will desire
Wednesday lor an appropriation bill. The
Senator from Pennsylvania has given notice
ot his desire to call up the French spoliation
biiL Senators wiil take notice of this antag-
onism, and the question will be submitted to
tbem to vote as to which bill shall have pri-
ority. The Senator from Wisconsin is entitled
to the floor.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If this part of the per-
formance is over, I wish my friend from Wis-
consin to allow rne to have an order made
that Mrs. Sarah M. Dove may withdraw her
papers on her application for a pension. It
is not a money claim, and ail her papers are
merely recommendations of the gallantry of
her husband, and there can be no objection,
certainly, to their withdrawal.
'Ihe \ ICE PRESIDENT. That order wiil
be made.
On motion of Mr. CORBETT, it. was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of John
]'• Chnpman be recommitted to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
SENATOR EltOJI NORTH CAROLINA.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the following resolution reported by the Com-
mittee on Privileges and Elections:
Resolved, That Joseph C. Abbott, not having re-
ceived a majority of the votescast by the North Caro-
linaLegisUitureon thesecond Tuesday in November,
1870, tor th -• office of Senator of the United States,
is not entitled to a seat in said United States Senate
as such Senator.
The question being on the amendment of
Mr. Carpexter, which was to substitute the
resolution reported by the minority of the
committee, as follows:
That Joseph C. Abbott has been duly elected Sen-
ator from the State of North Carolina for the term
of_six years, commencing on the 4th day of March,
1871, and that he is entitled to a seat in the Senate
as such Senator.
Mr. CARPENTER addressed the Senate
in support of the amendment. [His speech
will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presdent,
I am not unaware of how much I am to suffer
by way of contrast, as would almost any other
man who undertakes to follow the impassioned
and eloquent utterances of my friend from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpenter;] but however
much I may suffer in manner by way of con-
trast, I know that I shall have full compen-
sation by the contrast in the positions which
I shall undertake to maintain. Senators, I
shall not undertake to call your attention as
judges to any ethereal considerations of law,
but I shall ask you as honest men to take a
view of facts.
Mr. President, let me avow that I should
not intrude with any remarks upon a report
of the Committee on Privileges and Elections,
wilh which I am entirely satisfied, had I not
been so much attracted, I will not say by the
grotesqueness of the case, but I will say by its
oddity, as to give it some attention. The for-
midable brief presented by the claimant of the
seat here—formidable by its length, its ability,
and its authorship—invited it, and its conclu-
sions, now supported by the "views of the
minority" of the committee, would seem to
challenge the severest scrutiny of every Sen-
ator. 1 find that the question is not only a
legal one, but more, it is a question of justice,
ot right and wrong, and of sound orthodox
American policy. Being all this 1 shall be
pardoned forgiving some plain-spoken reasons
tor my concurrence with the report of the
majority of the committee, and for rejecting
the extraordinary, and, as it appears to me,
unhealthy and un-American doctrine espoused
in the "views of the minority."
By the Constitution the Senate of the Uni-
ted Slates is made the sole judge of the elec-
tion of its member?. There is no appeal from
its decisions. It is the high court which de-
cides upon the. law and the testimony. It is
not a body winch may elect whom it pleases
where no election has been made, but the tri-
bunal to decide justly between different claim-
ants, and to decide as well whether any election
has been had or not. It would be shameful if
such a trust could not be safely reposed in the
Senate of the United States, or if their decis-
ion should be governed by merely personal or
partisan considerations, rather "than by the
law and the facts. It would give me joy to
have a personal friend elected to the Senate,
and I should have all proper pride in the elec-
tion of a political friend, hut it does not com-
port with any very elevated idea of duty, nor
of honorable independence, to declare such
friends elected when the ftcts show directly
the contrary.
It is hardly necessary to say that I apply
these words to the case of North Carolina now
before the Senate. In that State an election
of members of the Legislature took place in
1870, and it was understood by every one at
the time that the Republican party had been
badly defeated. To me tins was a matter of
deep regret, as I knew it involved, among other
things, the loss of a Republican Senator. Our
friends there struggled manfully and perhaps
against iearful wrong-doers, but the result,
showed that they were defeated. The legal
numbers were against them beyond all cavil.
I do not think we can judicially recover, or
that we ought to attempt it in the Senate of the
United States, what was politically lost in the
State of North Carolina; nor is the Repub-
lican party so poor thatit cannot squarely face
all losses which can be honestly charged to
its account.
But by some antics of the law, as we are
most ingeniously informed by the attorney of
"General Abbott, and assured by the minority
report in this case, whenever the candidate
elected by the majority is found to be ineligi-
ble, the minority candidate blossoms at once,
and becomes the Senator "elect and pre-
cious." What the Legislature of North Caro-
lina by their recorded vote did not do, that
very thing by some transcendental supremacy
of an unwriiten law it is claimed they have
done. I have great reverence for the law,
and have been taught it was the perfection of
human reason; but if this is law, then the
new assignees of a detestable British inven-
tion deserve a patent for it, though the less we
have of it the better for common sense. Under
a republican form of government it never
can be law, as it would sap its very^ founda-
tions, which strongly rest on the fixed prin-
ciple that a majority shall rule, and not a
minority. The character of such an eccen-
tric, if not necromantic interpretation of
law, I shall be pardoned for saying, was fitly
described nearly two hundred years ago in
" Love a 14 Mode," as follows:
"The law is a sort of hocus-pocus science that
smiles in yer face wliiie it picks yer pocket; and
the glorious uncertainty of it is of ruair use to the
professors than the justice of it."
Such an election law might smile here while
picking the pocket of North Carolina, and cer-
tainly it would be of •' mair use to the profess-
ors" than to anybody else.
Does any one deny that the Legislature of
North Carolina was legally competent to elect
a Senator? If competent when did it become
incompetent? Certainly not, when, by having
tried it failed to elect from the field of candi-
dates to which it was and is properly circum-
scribed. If a vacancy existed upon the first
trial it will again exist whenever the Senate
shall declare the election void, or refuse ad-
mission to the elected candidate on the score
of ineligibility. 'The power to elect remains
continuously and forever with the Legislature,
whenever a vacancy occurs, until fully and
completely exercised. It cannot be snatched
away or usurped by the Senate of the United
States, which only judges of the law and the
facts, but cannot elect or create Senators at
will out of any raw material rejected by a Legis-
lature, or make of itself any new laws in rela-
tion thereto. No matter how superior the
rejected material, the Senate cannot correct
the mistakes of a Legislature as to its choice
of men. The facts prove—I wish they did
not—Mr.Vance to have been elected, and that
General Abbott had only a small majority in
either House—too small to make him more
than a candidate, and much too small to make
him a Senator.
There is no law of the United States, or of
North Carolina, which elevates minority can-
didates against the wiil of a majority. No
American precedents can be found for such a
fantastical result. Into what a vortex of ab-
surdity it plunges all republican ideas to say
that, out of a convention of one hundred and
fifty-three members, one hundred and sixteen
of them voted wrongly, and shall, therefore,
be at once disfranchised, or to say that the
one hundred and sixteen shall be counted
when wanted as good enough to make up
a quorum, and yet that their votes shall be
so many blanks, and not counted as soon as it
is seen who they are for! For the purposes
of a quorum, the argument is, the majority
may be counted, but for the purpose of au
election they shall not be counted. If this is
not a "hocus-pocus science " that " smiles in
yer face while it picks yer pocket," then I
have failed to comprehend its character.
If the majority of the Legislature of North
Carolina became disfranchised the moment
they voted for a person who was ineligible, let
us for once suppose that enough scattering
votes had been cast at the first trial so that no
one could have had a majority ot votes and
have been declared elected. In such a case
General Abbott might have had the same
number of votes as- now, and why would he
not have been entitled to the seat just as much
as now? Only because Mr. Vance could not
then have been declared elected. General
Abbott is made by the minority report to win
only when the Legislature not merely votes
for somebody ineligible but declares that per-
son elected. He wins, not upon his own ad-
mitted qualifications, for in spite of these he
lacked votes, but upon the disqualifications of
hisopponein, who m spite ofalt these had votes
enough and to spare. He is to win on the
ground that one hundred and sixteen members
of the Legislature were suddenly disfranchised,
but not so much disfranchised as to leave the
Legislature without a .quorum and incapable
of transacting business. He is to win on the
ground that one hundred and sixteen members
of the Legislature committed hari-kari and
by their last will and testament, in a death-bed
whisper, consented to the election of General
Abbott. Do you think so, Mr. President?
Sir, the common people everywhere will reject
any such juggle.
The whole minority theory is built upon
transparent fictions, round, bloated untruths,
which aie first made to assert that all votes,
except the few given for General Abbott, were
blank votes, when there were no blanks; then
that a majority consented to the election of
General Abbott by voting against him; and
upon such a medley of inveracities as this to
transfer to minorities the rights of majorities,
a law is hoisted which the Senate for the first
time, and I trust the last, is called upon to
support.. If this doctrine prevails a telegram
should be sent to '■theraan in the moon" to
lose no lime in presenting his credentials to
the Senate.
The first question we have to dec',ce is who
was elected by the North Carolina Legislature ;
and having decided according to the facts that
Mr. Vance was elected, that decision disposes
of the case of General Abbott. If one was
elected, the other was not. It matters not
whether Mr. Vance was an alien, minor, or
an idiot, or whether he had been an unfor-
given traitor, the fact is he was elected, and
nobody else. The next question may or may
not properly be presented. Mr. Vance having,
as 1 am informed, resigned his seat, I do nut
