544
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 21
Senate.
Extension of Ku Klux Act—Mr. Morton.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
son, formerly a distinguished member of this
body, a man whose ability we all recognize,
and whose heart is in the right place, although
his head has sometimes got wrong on politi-
cal questions, but as a lawyer perhaps having
no superior—what does he say in his address?
I ask you to contrast the tone and spirit of his
speech with the speeches you have heard on
this floor within the last two days. He said :
"I have listened with unmixed horror to some of
the testimony which hag been brought before you.
The outrages proved are shocking to humanity;
they admit of neither excuse or justification."
Mr. Johnson was wrong. He says they
admit of neither excuse nor palliation. They
have been excused ; I will not say they have
been justified; but I will say they have been
substantially denied ; that is to say, they have
been substantially ignored. An attempt has
been made to huddle them out of sight. Cer-
tainly they have been excused. I shall come
to that after awhile and show how they have
been studiedly and systematically excused.
But let meread onfromMr. Johnson's speech :
"They violate every obligation which law and
naturft imposes upon men; they show that the
parties engaged were brutes, insensible to the obliga-
tions of humanity and religion. The day will come,
however, if it has not already arrived, when they
■will deeply lament it. Even if justice shall not over-
take them, there is one tribunal from which there is
no hope. Itis their own judgment—that tribunal
which site in .the breast of every living man—that
small, still voice that thrills through the heart—the
soul of the mind, and as it speaks, gives happiness
or torture—the voice of conscience, the voice of God.
If it has not already spoken to them in tones which
have startled them to the enormity of thoirconduct,
1 trust, in the mercy of Heaven, that that voice will
speak before they shall be called above to account
for the transactions of this world. That it will so
speak as to make them penitent, and that trusting
m the dispensations of Heaven, whoso justice is dis-
pensed with mercy, when they shall be brought be-
fore the bar ot their great tribunal, so to speak,
thut incomprehensible tribunal, there will be found
in the fa3t of their penitence, or in their previous
donS;,S°me srountis upoa way say par-
That speech was made before a court in
South Carolina by a distinguished lawyer,
acting as counsel for ICu Klux then upon
trial. This scream of agony was wrung from
the heart of Hon. Reverdy Johnson, and I
ask how painfully it contrasts with what has
been said on this floor and elsewhere in the
North in regard to the same organization
and in regard to the same crimes. Ah, sir,
how has Kukluxism beeu palliated on this
floor by alleging that it is the result of mis-
government in the South, of frauds and rob-
beries committed by those in power, by those
having control of the State governments. In
other words, these crimes are made to appear
as the result of the corruption of the Repub-
lican State governments in the South. Sir, I
meet this statement broadly and largely by a
point-blank denial. It is not only unsustained
by the evidence^ but it is positively contra-
dicted by the evidence. The evidence does
not leave anybody at liberty to infer it.
There is not an inch of ground for that prop-
osition to stand upon. The men who have
suffered at the hands of the Ku Klux have
not been the thieves and robbers of tbe South
of any party. The men who have stolen rail-
road bonds, who have stolen from the Treas-
ury, who have been guilty of corruption in
various ways, have never in a single instance,
so far as we know, beeu harmed by the Ku
Klux. No; they do not hate robbery and
corruption. They were not organized to pun-
ish thieving. Their crimes fell upon the help-
less, upon the innocent., upon the poor and
the lowly, upon those who had no power to
take care of themselves, while the thieves,
those in power, the contractors, those who
had plundered to the right and to the left,
as it is alleged, were left to pass unscathed,
never having been assailed by the Ku Klux
in a single instance. If we regard the entire
freedom of this class of men from the inva-
sions and punishments of the Ku Klux, we
are at liberty to put it upon the ground that
the Ku Klux were their partners in crime,
instead of being their enemies; for if they
were not friends, at some time or other their
visitations must have fallen upon the thieves;
but that was never so in a single instance,
and that fact, established overwhelmingly by
the testimony, is an answer to all the insinua-
tions that have been made upon that subject.
We have had these corruptions in the South,
and the most of them are alleged corruptions,
presented here as a set-off against murder,
against scourging, against crimes without
name ; the crimes to be put in one scale, and
then to be counterbalanced and set off by put-
ting these alleged corruptions into the other
scale. Sir, you cannot make a set-off against
murder by corruption in office. You cannot
make the one thing balance the other. They
have no connection with each other; and if
the corruptions down there were a thousand
times greater than they are, they would form
no set-off, no excuse for these multiplied
crimes and villainies which are established
by the proof.
But I desire to say one word about the alleged
corruptions of these southern State govern-
ments. I say they are grossly exaggerated,
especially in regard to the State debts. I think
more than one half of all that has been said
is an absolute exaggeration. Of course I do
not say that Senators intended that. I am
speaking of the fact. I have taken the trouble
to examine all the data collected in this report
made by the majority of the committee in re-
gard to the debts of the southern States. It
seems to be entirely full and made up from
official sources; and I undertake to say that,
the statements made upon this floor in regard
to the extent of debts in the southern States
and the increase since the war has been ex-
aggerated more than one half. The Senator
from North Carolina [Mr. Pool] nods appro-
bation. He, perhaps, will tell what the exag-
geration haa been in regard to North Carolina.
1 he Senator from Alabama [Mr. Spencer]
from his seat yesterday showed that the Senator
from Missouri [Mr. Blair] in giving an account
of the State debt of Alabama made a little mis-
take of about fourteen millions. I think he
made a mistake of at least twenty-three mil-
lions ill regard to the State debt of Georgia.
^ Now, sir, there have been corruptions at the
South. That they should have spruDg up under
the circumstances was_ but natural. But the
evidence establishes this fact.- that while some
carpet-baggers and some scalawags have been
guilty of corruption, have abused their offices,
I believe in all eases they had Democratic
partners and generally Democratic teachers.
Wherever yon find a Radical thief, look sharp
and you will find a Democratic thief or half a
dozen close by his side sharing the profits and
telling him generally how to do it. [Laughter. ]
Mr. CASSBRL^ Will the Senator tell us
w 18 "pernor Bullock's - sleeping partner ?
Mr. MORTON. I do not know about Gov-
ernor Bullock's sleeping partner. Governor
Bullock has figured very largely in what Dem-
ocrats have to say. I believe he is generally
put down as a carpet-bagger. I think he has
Jived in the State of Georgia a good deal
longer than the Senator has lived in the State
ol California. He has been there for many
years. Governor Bullock has perhaps even
the right to claim to be a native of the soil.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator a question. I heard the name of my State
mentioned in connection with Governor Bul-
lock.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir. I said that ac-
cording to my opinion Governor Bullock was
not a carpet-bagger in the ordinary sense of
the term, because I understood he had lived in
Georgia as long as the Senator has lived in
California, and if Governor Bullock is a car-
pet-bagger then the Senator is a carpet- bagger
and a great many Senators on this floor are
carpet-baggers. There are-some Senators on
this floor representing States of the North and
of the West who are notcalled carpet-baggers,
who have not lived in those States as long as
some who have come from the South and who
are described as carpet-baggers.
Mr. CASSERLY. This history or biogra-
phy, whichever it is, is interesting. How
long does the Senator understand that Mr.
Bullock lived in Georgia ?
Mr. MORTON. I have heard some twenty
years or more. He was there a long time
before the war; ten or twelve years before
the war the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilson] says. If a man can ever acquire a
right in a southern State, and cease to be a
carpet-bagger, he had been there long enough
for it. I suppose my friend from Mississippi
[Mr. Alcorn] considers himself a good south-
ern man, and I think he is a pretty fair repre-
sentative ; and yet if I am correctly informed
he was born on the soil of Illinois. I suppose
he has been in Mississippi long enough not to
be called a carpet-bagger and really to have
the right to act and to speak for the citizens
of Mississippi if they choose to intrust him
with office.
Mr. NORWOOD. Will the Senator allow
 e a moment?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. NORWOOD. As I do not see the Sen-
ator from Missouri [Mr. Blair] in his seat, I
beg to correct what 1 think was an error on the
part of the Senator from Indiana in reference
to the debt of Georgia. I do not think the
Senator fromMissouri made a statement which
could possibly result in an error of $23,000,000
as to the debt of that State. He stated an
amount which is the actual indebtedness,
being, I think, about twenty million or more,
and then said if the indebtedness which was
to accrue from the indorsement of railroad
bonds under the legislation which took place
during Bullock's administration should be
added, it would amount to about fifty million.
Mr. MORTON. I certainly would not mis-
represent the Senator from Missouri, but f
understood him to remark yesterday that the
Republican oflScials of Georgia, and I think
chiefly alluding to Governor Bullock, had
robbed that State of about forty million dol-
lars, and, as I understood, in the way of the
increase of her public debt, while I am told that
the debt of Georgia, all considered, includ-
ing that which existed at the end of the war,
is not more than about seventeen million dol-
lars. I may not be correct about that; but
that is my understanding.
Now, Mr. President, I wish to ssiy one word
in regard to the increase of the debt in the
southern States. Let us do justice though
the heavens fall. What is the unfortunate
condition of many of the southern States in
regard to their debts? When the war was
over and those States were reconstructed, the
first great want felt was railroads. The peo-
ple of those States were unable to build them ;
they were poor; they had not the capital in
those States to build their railroads; tbeyhad
not the credit to build them ; private corpora-
tions could not sell their bonds; and the result
was that nearly all the southern States with
one accord embarked in building railroads
upon the credit of the several States. The
State governments indorsed bonds. In some
States they indorsed the bonds of railroad
companies where the bonds were issued by the
compauies. That I think was the case in
Georgia, Alabama, and Florida, and it mav
be in rexas. In other States the States issueel
their bonds and sold them §nd paid the pro-
ceeds over to the railroad companies.
In some cases the bonds were not used
