THE 'COMeRESSI0S"AL
January:^,
Control the master, for it never could have been
considered but .for their votes, and mine would
q.QW, b.e the. resolution to be laid by the com-
mittee before the House.
I$r. POLAND. I will not attempt to con-
trovert ^bat. the gentleman i'rom Kentucky
[Mr. Bkokj h|is stated m relation to any of
these -prelimiwy votes. Whether what he
s^id is-correct, I do not know. X apprehend
it is entirely immaterial. On the final vote,
instructing me to make this, report to the
House, there was no division. The yeas and
nays were no$ counted, $nd therefore it is to
be con^ideifed t,hat the unanimous consent of
the c.Qmmiitee, both of the members of the
House and of the members of the Senate, was
given that thi§ report should be made, There-
fore, whatever may have been the preliminary
votes is $ tnatter of no account.
The SPEAKER. On Point the Chair
would stgree with the giji?.tlemar  from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Poland ;] but there being £ de-
pute whether th> report offered is that of the
committee, tjie question must be submitted to
the House.
Mr. BECK. Perhaps it ipay bo submitted
with t,h>s st teipeA>t: that after the additions
W®re made out in tije way I have stated, when
the last vote was taken, putting them all, iij., a
ifliajoiitv of the House membersyo^d to report
the resolution. 1 believe X wasthe pnly mem-
ber of the JJou.se voting against it.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
Kentucky must see $t oncq that, the Cbai,r,
under no rule, could take aoguizanco of the
preliminary voles. A somewhat analogous
ease corner *JP >n the House where a tvv.o-ib.irda
vote is required to pass an amendment; but
all preliminary steps xijay bo taken by a major-
ity. The preliminary vote is' not taken into
account in settling the question. The point is,
what was the veto authorizing the*committee
to report ?
Mr. BUCK. I am under the impression
that the yeas and nays ware called. 1 voted
9gaiust it myself.
Thju ^X^EAKEIi. In that state of facts, the
Chair must rule that there is no question but
tjhe report before the House.
Mi-. COX. X rise to a point of order. By
tjhe oi-igiual constitution, of tie committee it
had rislwreuce to States then i  insurrection
Only. w«r« not authorized by the proceed-
ings of this Ijiouse iu raising the joint com-
mittee to include the State of Kentucky, either
by our uetioy in the eommitt,ee or by ouy action
hero.
Ttio SPEAKER. The gentleman's point
of order wi, ht liavo been good had this reso-
lution not been subsequently referred; but
the reference having been made bv; the House,
the geutiemau cannot take the point of order
now.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I am perfectly satisfied
that the ruling of the Speaker upon the pres-
ent aspect of the case is right, but I suppose
that if it were a question ot fact whether this
substitute was passed by persons competent to
vote on the resolutions, it would be a question
to go before the House.
The SPEAKER. That would be a question
to go before the House.
Mr. VAN THUMP. If the fuet were as
affirmed by the gentleman from Kentucky,
that Senators had no parliamentary power to
vote on the substitute, and therefore it did not
pass and w^s rejected, and that would be a
question for the House.
The SPEAKER,. That would be a question
for the House; but upon the statements made,
the Chair rules that the resolution is properly
before the House, and the Clerk will now read
the two resolutions referred to the committee,
and the substitute therefor reported by the
committee.
Mr. POLAND. Will it be necessary to read
more than the substitute?
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the substitute only will be read, The Chair
hears no objection.
The Clerk read the substitute,as follows:
. JSetolved, That the President of the United States
be, and he is hereby, requested to communicate to
the House of Representatives all information in.his
possession upijn "which he acted in exercising the
powers confei-red u,pon him by the third and fourth
sections ot the act of Congress approved April 20,
1871, entitled " An act to enforce the provisions of
thofourteenth auiondmenttothe Constitution of the
United States, and for other purposes, so far as the
same have boon exercised in reference to portions of
tlio State of South Carolina; also the names of all
persons who have been arrested in that State in pur-
suance of the authority conferred by said act; the
names of those arijcsted who have voluntarily con-
fessed that they are or Were members ot the combin-
ation and conspiracy forbiddon and made penal by
said act; the number and names of those who h&vo
been narol.ed to appe« when,re,quired; the,inj,mher
and character of' the offenses forbidden by said act
and the act of May 31,1870, which are shown by such
confessions or otherinfoimauon, that'have been
committed hjtho ijjjpcctivo. o^atieji in wbwh the
privileges of the writ of halea* corpus have beensus-
pehdedinsaid State of South Carolina,'with'the date
Of all such alleged offenses, and all o.ther'informa-
t.ion which, i.n his jiuU'iuent, will iionvcy a .correct
knowledge of tho existing state'of society, of thoexe-
cut ion of tho laws', and of the security of life, person,
and property in said counties; and also such in-
loi matioii as hp tuay have relativo to tho operation
and enforcement of tne act ol Congress approved
April 20; 1871, and the act of Congress approved
May 31, 1870, in the States of North Carolina and
.Mississippi, with the number.and names of persons
who havo been arrested, bouna over, or indicted,
and of those wtio have been convicted or havo plead
guilty, with their sentences; ap.d all information he
W4V have relative to the, doings ojf the "Lowry
gang," and other outlaws in North Carolina, with
tho number and names of such persons as have con-
fessed themselves guil,ty of a violation of the pro-
visions of saiu acts; and aiso such information as
he may have relating to tho security of life, herson,
and property in the States Of Kentucky, Arkansas,
Louisiana and Texas, including all information
in his possession relative to tho existing conflict
between tho officeholders in Louisiana.
Mr. POLAND. I have agreed to allow the
gentlcmu.ii from Kentucky [Mr. Beck]'to move
u. substitute for this resolution, and I yi«eld
now for that purpose, ife^aining my right "to
thoflooi;.
Mr. BKClf. I offer the substitute which I
scud to the 0lerk s desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Ilctiolred, That tho President of the United States
bo, and ho is hereby, requested to inform the House
under what provision of the law of April 20, 1871,
h,o has caused martial law to bo declared and the
tho State of South Carolina. Jie is especially re-
quested to lay beforo the House all the aptsof insur-
rection, resistance, or opposition to the laws of the
United States commuted iu each of those counties
at any time aft or tho 20th of April, 1871, snd prior
tQ the date of the proclamation of niartiad lavs, «iv-
■i'ttfC tho character or the otfenses, tho facts' relativo
thoroto, and tho names of tho offenders, so far as
ascertained. Ho is further reauosted to lay before
(he House a-uy cases of resistance to the executipn
of the process of the civil courts, or tho officers either
of tho United States or of the State of South Carolina,
by any of tho citizeps of any of the counties, since
tho passa^ooftheactof April 20,1871. aforesaid. And
that ho givctho names of all the said "citizens who
have been arrested or imprisoned under and by virtue
of tho authority conferred by his proclamation, with
the violations oflaw with which each is charged, and
the dates at which it is alleged they committed tho
oifensos for which they wei'o' so arrested and impris-
oned. And that he give tjbe House lull information
as to all the statements of facts on which he acted in
issuing his proclamation aforesaid, so that Congress
can dotermin e what stops aro necessary to restore to
the cit izens of tho county aforesaid, and especially
to those who wore not guilty of offenses against tho
United States, the equal protection of the laws with
the people of other portions of the country, under
tho forms prescribed by the Constitution of tho
United States.
Mr. POLAND. This matter now stands,in
the way of the business of the Committee on
Appropriations, and I desire to have very little
time taken up with its consideration. I prom-
ised to yield to the gentleman from Keutucky
[Mr. Buck] to offer this amendment, and he
says he wants five minutes to advocate it.
Mr. BECK. I will not take over ten minutes,
and I will endeavor to get through iu less time.
The reason I have offered this substitute is,
first, because it was the original resolution
offered by me, at least so far as that resolu-
tion sought to obtain the facts. I also offer
this sujistifute because the portion of South
tlarolipa therein referred to is the only por-
tion of tfye United States where partial law
has been proclaimed, tu*d the_ writ of habeas
corpus suspended by tiie President under the
Ku Ifluxbiil. If we extend the inquiry over
all the States spoken of iu the resolution of
the committee w.ewill not get any full response
perhaps i'o.r months, and th^. conduct of the
military subordinates of the President in South
Carolina will be oy.erloolj:ed or covered up in
the general mass.
In these counties in South) Carolina the con-
dition of things issueh that we ought to have
a response at once, and if there is no,t such
a state of things existing there as will warrant
the continuance yf the suspension of the yrjrit
of habeas corpus, those counties ought to be
restored to t,he same rights thpt other people
have under the Constitution and laws. There-
fore 1 think it is specially necessary that we
should have tbe, information illative to the
existing conditlou of things those counties
at once, so that we may act upou it; which
we ca,u only get by ^ubpaittiijg the proposition
distinctly^ t  I b,ave done. - -
All the other regions and sections referred
to arc ao,w going on glider. th$ foiujis uf the
Constitution and la.ws} and time might be given
to the President to ms^e such answer as he
might see fit in relation to the other subjects
embraced in tljiat resolution, to which I do not
object.
But there is another, reason wljy I ^esire my
substitute adapted in preference to the resolu-
tion reported by the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Poland,} It will be perceived upon a
careful reading of thetp that iny subslitute calls
for a great deal of specific information that
this House ought to have, and whifth is not
called for in' the resolution, reported .by the
chairman. This resolution calls (or the names
of such men as have been arrested a,nd who have
confessed, and, certaiu other names and facts,
but it does not cover the whole ground. This
House ought to have the name of every man
arrested under the proclamation of the Presi-
dent, whethei he was prosecuted, imprisoned,
o,r discharged without confinement or trial. We
ought to know what he was arrested for, and
the date of the oft'ense for which he was
arrested. If public rum.91; and 'be statements
of newspapers be true, as furnished by intelli-
gent correspondents who have been there, s°,nt
specially since the proclamation iyas issued to
ascertain the truth, m,eu have been arrested
.for offenses committed as long- as six years
ago,. Not only have men been arrested for
offenses of that sort, but they have been
released upon paying money, to the officers
of the United States, who ^rested them. They
have been imprisoned when they,were charged
with no offense, but simply blackmailed to be
released again.
I want the naiji.es, of all those people, and
dates and character- of the charges, so that the
ipilitary officera can be properly punished if
these statements be true. Many of them
appeared in the New York Xlerald of Novem-
ber 15, ii> carefully written letters, giving tbe
names of the officers, calling upon them to
deny it if it was not true, and saying (hat a
large majority of the. men arrested have been
arrested for offenses committed long before
the passage either of the enforcement act or
the Ku Klux bill, which act alone gave any
pretense of jurisdiction to the President to
proclaim martial law in any county; and
those commuiii,cations, which I now have,
show further, that in the counties of Union
and Spartanburg, the two priucipal counties
charged with offenses, for months before the
date of the President's proclamation there had
n.ot been an offense committed of q,ny sort, and
the Federal officers who were there, and made
it their special business to investigate, had so
told the writer of the, communications.
If these things are true, then my resolution
