1402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 7,
and receivable in payment for the lands. The
scrip could not be sold at par. Tbe price of
cotton was too low, money scarce; negroes had
to ,be bought to open more land to make more
cotton to buy more negroes, and scrip was
sold ,at ,a generous discount. The rest need
not be told. It is said that Jacob Thompson,
a Cabinet officer of Mr. Buchanan, and^ after-
ward holding some such connection with the
secession corporation at Kichmond, made an
immense fortune in the swamp and overflowed
lands on the Mississippi, as did Davis, Pil-
low, Slidell, Benjamin, and other Democratic
leaders.
The Commissioner says in his report for
1870, page 36:
"As the swamp grant, while carrying with it cer-
tain stated conditions as the avowed object of the
grant, contains no provision for the enforcement of
these conditions, nor means by which it can be oven
approximately known to what extent the conditions
have been complied with, the benefits of this munifi-
cent donation must always remain a matter of con-
jecture."
The Commissioner is evidently not well
posted in Democratic policy, so '' child-like and
bland." He has, however, some glimmerings
of the truth, for he says farther:
"It is, perhaps, unnecessary bore to inquiro how
this unsatisfactory result has been brought about,
but the reason which suggests itself as the most ob-
vious is that the control of vast areas of lands con-
veyed by the grant, instead of having been retained
by the States as direct grants, have passed too fre-
quently into the ownership of private corporations
and individuals, who have held tho lauds thus ac-
quired for mere purposes of speculation rather than
any immediate purpose of reclamation."
Thus has over sixty million acres of land
passed away from the control of the Govern-
ment into the hands of private speculators,
an area greater than tbe two States of Indiana
and Illinois, and about the quantity proposed
in the bill to be ceded by Texas to the United
States. What has happened in other States
will in all probability occur in Texas, and its
domain be frittered away without any benefit
to the State or to the nation. It is an area
of country sufficient to raise the disposition
of it to national importance. Once under the
beneficent laws of homestead and preemption
of the national Government it would attract
attention on account of its mild clime and
fiuitful soil, and its settlement by a hardy and
thrifty population be hastened instead of re-
tarded, should it not be needed altogether for
Indian reservations. For this purpose a por-
tion of the territory in question is peculiaily
adapted. That part of it north of the lied
river, and between New Mexico and the In-
dian territory of the Choetaws. Ci'eeks, and
Cherokees, is generally designated in Texas
as the Pan-Handle. This Pan-Handle is tra-
versed east and west by the lied river and the
north and south forks of the Canadian and
their tributaries. It is well Watered, and
much of the soil is equal to that of the Indian
territory to the east of it, which is repre-
sented as being extremely beautiful and fer-
tile. Situated alongside of the territory of
our most civilized Indians, it presents itself
as the most proper selection for a reservation
of other tribes, upon whom the civilization of
their brethren can be brought to bear with the
happiest results. The advantages of settling
all the Indian tribes into a compact terri-
tory are self-evident. They can thus not only
be more easily guarded, but guarded against.
Under the present system, the reservations are
scattered over many States, upon lands which
are immediately needed for a higher civiliza-
tion. These scattered reserves create great
trouble. A few mean white men and a good
deal of mean whisky soon make bad Indians,
and then come aft'iays, scalpings, and pre-
datory border warfare, with a very question-
able idea as to which is the savage and which
the civilized man.
The civilized Indians, composed of the
Creeks, Cherokees, Choctaivs, and their cog-
nate tribes, have been long settled and oivii-
wed, They have their schools and colleges,
their farms an4 workshops, and a great por-
tion of them speak English as well as their
native tongues. They are anxious to save the
remnants of their race, .once the masters of
the continent, from extermination. The wise
and humane policy inaugurated by President
Grant looks to the sa<me end. It is worthy of
his head and his heart, and the best^ means to
aid go noble an effort is to obtain adjacent ter-
ritory for the settlement of all the tribes where
they can be brought under the tutelage of
those who have .attained to the advantages
of civilized life. The nomads have to be
fed and guarded at G-overnmeiit expense.
They could he as easily and cheaply fed, or
even more easily and cheaply by the civilized
Indians than by any 'other mode. By adopt-
ing this plan of maintaining them, every civil-
ized Indian would be constituted into a special
ludiajj agent. And they would also become
sponsors for their savage kinsmen, and neces-
sarily compelled to restrain them from all
predatory raids against the white man. The
peaceful policy of President Grant is the same
that was adopted and carried out by Saw
Houston when president of the republic of
Texas, and it gave peace to that country so
long as he was in power. War with the Indians
and with Mexico followed his retirement from
the presidency, and accumulated the public
debt of that republic.
This Pan-Handle country runs up to the
parallel of 36° 30', and nearly to the State
of Kansas. It lies across the route of the
Atlantic and Pacific and other projected rail-
roads to the Pacific ocean, and its jurisdic-
tion under the State of Texas is one of the
obstacles presented to the completion of a
road upon this route. As an Indian reserva-
tion there would exist a military necessity,
or if settled by whites, a social necessity,
for the progress of some one of these roads
through the territory, and the impetus thus
obtained, would carry it forward to its ulti-
mate terminus, thereby relieving us of snow
blockades and giving us a shorter and quicker
route to the Pacific than we now have.
The completion of a road on some one of
the southern routes is a question of national
importance and would add another link to the
ptiain which binds together the States situated
respectively on the oceans which wash the
eastern and western shores of the continent;
and the nation is more than repaid for the aid
which it has given and may yet give in the
construction of these national highways in the
increased security they afford against the crime
of secession. Had the waters of the Mississippi
rolled between the North and the South, the
southern confederacy would to-day have been
an accomplished fact. It is wise, therefore, to
bind the States on the opposite shores of this
"inland sea," asifcwas.called by Mr. Calhoun,
with bands of iron.
But there is a graver consideration than even
these, weighty as they are, why the proposition
should be adopted both by the nation and by
the State of Texas. The joint resolution for
the annexation of Texas contains a provision
which was renewed in the act for the purchase
of Santa F6. that concedes to the State of
Texas the right to form new States of eon.
venient size, not to exceed four in number in
addition to the State of Texas, or the right to
subdivide the State into five new States.
This is in the nature of a treaty stipulation,
and by the wording of the resolution of annex-
ation the initiative in the subdivision into
new States rests with Texas. The object of
this provision is well known to have been for
the purpose of maintaining the relative strength
of the slaye with the free States in the Senate
of the United States.
Slavery has passed away, and with it the
supposed necessity of this equilibrium in the
Senate. But while slavery is dead, much of
its spirit still lives and breathes, and animates
the principles and policy of tha Democratic
party, That party is even now demanding
the removal of all disabilities from its former
slaveholding adherents in order to re'enforce
its ranks in the next presidential contest; and
in the same breath in which the Democrats
utter this demand they denounce the coordi-
nate measure for the protection of the civil
rights of those from whom they hope to receive
no support in their ambitious schemes to again
control the destinies of this nation.
The repeal of this stipulation would be
cheaply purchased at the price of the territory
in question. It may yet return to plague us.
In the changes and mutations of parties, the
formation of four new States and the election
of eight new Senators might control the Sen-
ate of the United States. A national convul-
sion would be the inevitable result <of such an
attempt. We have had one such trial in the
settlement of the boundary of Texas, when
civil war was only avoided by tiie heroic exer-
tions and sacrifices of Henry Clay ia tbe com-
promise agitation which attended the adoption
of those measures. But Clay is dead, and
the war which followed his death proved that
"there was no one left who could bend the
bow of Ulysses."
The repeal is not proposed unadvisedly, but
it is offered in the spirit -of our Republican
leader, when he said, "Let us have peace."
Let us put away this Pandora's box with
all its evils, and leave no question pending
which may be seized upon by this or that
party to incite anew the people to rush into
the horrors of civil war. The repeal of this
stipulation would place the State of Texas
upon an equal footing with the other States in
regard to the formation of new States out of
its" territory. It would not prevent a proper
division at any time under the third section
of the fourth article of the Constitution of
the United States, but would simply do away
with an invidious distinction which may breed
trouble. The annexation of Texas cost us a
war with the neighboring republic of Mexico.
Out of the settlement of its boundaries we may
trace the immediate cause of our late civil
war, and so long as this stipulation continues
the seed and germ of future convulsions exist.
Let them be plucked up and rooted out en-
tirely, but in a generous spirit of peace and
harmony, and upon such terms as will meet
the approval of the people alike of the State
and the nation.
It cannot be alleged, now at least, that the
people of that State cannot decide, and decide
freely, upon this or any other question, for
by our State constitution they are all voters,
and the acceptance or rejection of the propo-
sition would be the free act of the people.
The offer of the overture by Congress could
not but be accepted as a peace offering, for its
adoption by the contracting parties would
immediately place the credit of the State upon
an equal footing with that of tbe nation, would
enable it to establish schools and colleges,
build railroads, encourage the arts and sciences,
and start the State upon the high road to wealth
and prosperity.
The benefits which have accrued to the
nation by the principle of acquisition of
territory are incalculable. The facility and
cheapness with which a proprietary right in
the soil can be acquired under our national
laws has extended our settlements and civili-
zation to the shores of the Pacific, and has
attracted the immigration of foreigners from
Europe by the million. When our Constitu-
tion was framed, the Alleghanies formed our
western border; now we have no borders, but
frontiers, across which the eyes of our swelling
and teeming millions are being cast in search
of lands and pastures new. This is owing to
our national land policy. It has been shown
by reference to the swamp-land laws that the
very contrary effect is produced when the lands
are subject to State or local legislation. With
them the policy is to buildup land^monopo-
lies and retard settlements. The national laud
policy has brought to our shores overlive mil-
