2388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
perceive how bis case can be properly pre-
sented or considered at all. If Mr. Vance
had insisted upon his claims, having been
elected, so far as the Legislature could elect
him, the question as to his qualifications, and
■whether he could take his seat in face of the
fourteenth amendment or not, would be before
the Senate for its decision. If the decision
were against Mr. Vance, then of course there
would be a vacancy, and nothing else. The
decision would deprive Mr. Vance of a seat,
but it would not deprive the Legislature of its
privileges, nor triumphantly invest General
Abbott with honors not won.
When the Legislature of North Carolina
met, the vote for Senator stood, as is not dis-
puted, as follows: in the senate, a quorum
being present, Zebulon B. Vance received
thirty-two of the votes given, and Joseph C.
Abbott received eleven votes, and five votes
were given for others, making forty-eight per-
sons present who voted ; and in the house, on
the same day, Zebulon B. Vance had sixty-
three of the votes given, Joseph 0. Abbott
thirty-two, and ten votes were cast for other
persons, making one huudred and five persons
present who voted.
It is charged by General Abbott, or it is
charged in the brief of his attorney, and
the charge is no doubt true, that Mr. Vance,
under the fourteenth amendment, was inel-
igible, and that the votes given for him were
void and of no effect, and, therefore, that
General Abbott was lawfully elected Senator.
Less than one fourth of the senate of North
Carolina and less than one third of the house
voted for General Abbott, and yet it is soberly
claimed that he was in fact lawfully elected.
I confess to some surprise that any such claim
should be seriously put forth in the American
Senate, and it might not have been had not
a theory been suddenly espoused, and a the-
ory, according to the often-quoted saying of a
learned Brahmin, v.'ill make men believe "a
piece of sa.idal wood to be a flame of fire."
Mr. Vance t« properly excluded, and most
probabl) wo.i'd Imve been excluded even if
he had noi. n signed his claims ; but, suppose
Congress ha.i removed his disability, as it
unquestionably might have done, and as the
House of Representatives on its part has done
several times, could he then have been ex-
cluded? Assuredly not. Again, suppose Mr.
Vance had been ineligible from being under
thirty years of age, and before presenting him-
self had reached the age prescribed. Would
he then have been rejected ? Bearing in mind
the cases of Randolph and Clay, assuredly he
would have come iu unquestioned. Clay was
elected to the Senate when he was only twenty-
nine years old. Randolph was of the proper
age when elected to the House, but his appear-
ance was so juvenile that every one took him
for a boy, arid when asked, he bade them "to
go and ask his constituents." The case of Mr.
Brown, of Kentucky, elected to the House of
Representatives in the Thirty-Sixth Congress,
before he was twenty-five years of age illus-
trates the point, as he was not admitted at the
first session of Congress, but was admitted at
the second session unchallenged, havingmean-
time arrived at twenty-five years of age. His
election was held to be valid after his disabil-
ity had been cured by mere lapse of time.
But it is roundly claimed that precedents
establish the rule claimed in behalf of Gen-
eral Abbott, and what is assumed to be Brit-
ish parliamentary authority has been cited in
more than twenty pages of the brief already
mentioned in its support. The most of these
pages refer to the election of members of the
House of Commons, and, of course, can have
no relevancy to senatorial elections or to any-
thing here, except possibly to elections of
members of the House of Representatives.
They refer to elections by the people where
no quorum is required, and where the highest
vote given for an eligible candidate elects.
They do not refer to an election by a Legisla-
ture, or to an election by an intermediate
body which cannot transact any business with-
out the concurrence of a majority of its mem-
bers. The peers of Scotland elect at every
session sixteen of their number as represent-
ative peers in the British Parliament, and the
peers of Ireland elect twenty-eight for life. If
a case had been shown in any such elections of
the admission of a peer who had received a
minority of the votes cast, or of the admis-
sion of a rival candidate against an ineligible
person duly elected, its pertinency might be
better insisted upon.
Our House of Representatives have from
the outset disregarded the British precedents,
trampled them under its feet, and though they
are now profusely and impertinently, as it ap-
pears to me, thrust in the face of the Senate,
they are strangely misapplied and wholly with-
out force. But were they never so pertinent,
British customs, whatever they maybe, cannot
be used as a guide, much less as an authority,
in the present case. I am astonished that
they should have captivated any philosophers
or lawyers of this body, and I am grieved that
they should have captivated so astute a lawyer
as the Senator from Wisconsin. Such prece-
dents are allowed to prevail in Great Britain
in conformity to a system which gives to the
people as little power as possible, but here the
theory of government is to give to the people
as much power as possible. There Parliament
controls the people. Here the people, under
a written Constitution, control Congress.
Great Britain has no written constitution that
overrules Parliament in making laws. Parlia-
ment itself is supreme. Parliamentary and
common law is not paramount here, and there-
fore does not rule political questions in the
United States, and cannot be permitted to
break down our own Constitution or laws, nor
a long procession of well established Ameri-
can precedents.
Even in Great Britain, to bring about the
boomerang result sought for by the minority
report in this case, the fact of ineligibility
must be clear and pointed out to the electors
at the time of voting. How could this fact be
known to the North Carolina Legislature, when
they knew that Congress might at any moment
before his entrance into the Senate, as the
House had often shown its willingness to do,
remove the disabilities from Mr. Vance, and
as had been done in equally conspicuous and
much more objectionable cases to enable other
parties t6 hold office? How could they know
that the Senate would not act as in the case
of Senator Patterson, of Tennessee, and the
iron-clad oath, and let Mr. Vance judge for
himself whether he could take the oath with-
out committing perjury or not?
If British precedents were of any value, and
they are of no more than those of the ancient
Druids, it appears to me the cases of most
value would be those arising there prior to
1858, when Jews were excluded from taking
seats in Parliament because they could not
take the oath containing the words, "on the
true faith of a Christian." The history of
these cases of the London Jews shows that no
minority candidates were ever permitted to
take their seats, and yet the knowledge that
the majority candidates were Jews, and there-
fore ineligible, was patentto every voter. Baron
Lionel Nathan de Rothschild was elected as
early as 1847, and several times thereafter,
but was not permitted to take his seat until
1858, after eleven years of persistent exclu-
sion. The case of Daniel O'Oonnell, in 1820,
when he refused to take the oath of suprem-
acy, and claimed the right to take the oath
given in the Catholic relief act, was a case of
a similar kind. Parliament at first issued a
writ, as in any case of vacancy, but as Q'Con-
nell came back again and again, they at last
permitted him to be sworn in. They did not
admit another because he was ineligible.
British precedents must, however, be dis-
missed as no more applicable here than would
be the ancient British system of rotten bor-
oughs or that of peers voting by proxy. For-
eign quibbles, even with learned and eloquent
indorsers, cannot be voted American law.
It should be remembered, also, that the
decisions of election cases in the British Par-
liament, from a long time prior to Sir Robert
Walpole, and until the reign of Victoria, were
a public scandal, because such cases were
constantly decided with more respect to party
affinities than to justice. Such is the verdict
of history. In the case of John Wilkes, Par-
liament once resolved that Mr. Luttrell ought
to have been returned, and amended the return
accordingly ; but in a few years it became
ashamed of its action iu the Wilkes case and
solemnly expunged some of its resolutions
touching that notable case. Let us not amend re-
turns of States by any action which hereafter we
may wish to have expunged, and which would
plague the unsophisticated voters of other States
quite as much as those of North Carolina.
When we have stricken the British prece-
dents out of the case, which lend to it but a
crooked and one-legged support at best, the
formidable brief of the attorney of General
Abbott vanishes, and with it also disappears
the shadow of the same brief reproduced by
the minority of the Senate committee. The
show of so-called American minority prece-
dents occupies little space and deserves less.
How it can be pretended that there are any
American precedents of the slightest value to
support the claim of General Abbott, is almost
incomprehensible, when in fact those of both
the Senate and the House furnish an unbroken
series the other way. The House of Repre-
sentatives, equally with the Senate, from first
to last has been inflexible in its decisions
against all claims of this kind. No minority
candidate has ever obtained a seat on account
of the ineligibility of the person really elected,
and but few have ever had the presumption
to moot the question, or to ask for anything
more in such cases than that the seat should
be declared vacant.
The Senate never has established, and it is
not likely that it ever will establish a different
rule from that of the House. If there are any
such cases why did not the minority of the
committee or the astute and most industrious
author of General Abbot:'s brief, bring ihem
forward? The musty records from the days
of Queen Anne and all the Georges down to
the present time, have been most, diligently
unearthed, while congressional cases have
been with equal diligence seemingly covered
up, perverted, or ignored. I think it would be
healthful to bring forward American or con-
gressional examples fit to be followed, and to
some extent I propose to do this, rather than
to follow such as would tear out the heart-
strings of a representative form of government.
It is assumed that this is the first case
which has occurred in our history, but that is
a great blunder. It may be the first case
under the fourteenth amendment—which adds
only one more cause or description of ineligi-
bility, while getting rid of that as to race or
color—but not the first by any means where an
ineligible person has been elected and where
the question has been examined and adjudi-
cated. Let us open the records of the House
of Representatives.
In the case of Samual McKee who claimed
the seat of John D. Young of Kentucky, (in
18U8) on the ground that the latter was ineli-
gible by reason of disloyalty, and therefore
ail votes cast for him were illegal and void,
the majority of the committee decided, al-
though the disloyalty was sufficiently proved,
that neither was elected, but that a vacancy
existed, and the minority said that McKee had
not even the shadow of a claim to a seat.
In the case (in 1860J of J, H. Christy and
John A. Nimby, disloyalty was decided to be a
bar to a seat; but it was also decided that the
minority candidate, though loyal, could not take
the seat.
