1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4181
• An act (H. R No. 2422) granting a pension
to Phoebe Aim Elderkin;
Am aet (H. It. No. 2416) granting a pension
to Andrew lieinfort;
An act (II Li. No. 2401) granting a pension
to Margaret Caldwell;
An act (H. K.. No. 2397) granting a pension
to Margaret C. Gibson ;
An act ( H. Ii. No 2423) granting a pension
to James Supple ;
An act (H. R. No. 2417) granting a pension
to Abraham Cooper.
An act (H. R. No 2418) granting a pension
to Mrs. Nancy E. Pugh ;
An act (LI. Li. No. 2400) granting a pension
to Williatn B. Taylor ;
An act (H. Li. No. 183) to authorize the
Secretary of the Interior to make paitition of
the reservation to Me-shiu-go-me-sia, a Miami
Indian ;
An act (H. R. No. 1914) to authoiize the
President of the United Sta'es to negotiate
with the ch'efs and head-men of the Shoshone
and Bannock tribes of Indians for the relin-
quishment of a portion of their reservation m
Wyoming Territory;
An act (H. Li. No. 1203) granting a pension
to Martha Elwell; and
An act (H. LI. No. 2565) to provide for the
issue of bonds in lieu of destroyed or defaced
bonds of the United States.
message jtkom tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the
Seua'e had passed a concurrent resolution for
the printing of ten thousand additional copies
of I lie report of the select committee, in rela-
tion to the sale of arms by the Government
duting the year ending June 30, 1871.
Also, that, the Senate had agreed to the con-
current resolution of the House for the print-
ing in German, for the use, of the treasury
Department, of extra copies of the report of
the chief ot the Bureau ot Statistics on immi-
gration.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed b'.lls ot the following titles;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested: ,
A bill (S. N i. 420) for the relief of Thomas
Allen ;
A bill (S. No. 1175) for the relief of certain
Indians in the centr.il superintendence ;
A bill (S. No. 1031) granting to the Amer-
ican Fork Railway Company the light, of way
through the public lands for the construction
of a railroad and telegraph;
A bill (S. No. 144) to give to the bark
Jewess an American register; and
A bill (S. No 1106) for the relief of Mrs. I.
Selina Buchanan.
BUREAU OP S'HTrSTTCS.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. I atn instructed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to leport. a
bill to restore the office of the ditector of the
Bureau of Statistics, aud to extend the duties
ol said director.
The Clerk proceeded to read the hill.
The first section provides that the office
of director of the Buieau of statistics be
restored; and that the officer in charge ot
the buieau sliall perform all the dunes, ex-
ercise all the powers, and be entitled to all
the privileges conferred by the thirteenth sec-
tion of the aet approved July 28, 1866, en-
titled "An act to protect the revenue, and tor
other purposes;" and repeals so much ot the
act, approved July 20, 1868. entitled A'1
act making appropriations tor the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30;h day of
June, 1869," and of all other acts and laws as
aie inconsistent with the provisions of the act.
Mr. FAB,Nft VV0liTIi. 1 rise to a point of
order. 1 submit that the Committee ot Wavs
and Means have not auihoiity to report tins
bill at any tune.
The SFEAK.ER. Of course nothing can
be done now except under a suspension of the
mles. Tins bill is not repoited bv virtue of
the authority to ilie Committee of Ways and
Means to report, at. any time. The bill can
only pass by a two-'hirds vote.
The Clerk then resumed the reading of the
biU.
The second section provides that, in addi-
tion to the du'ies presetibed by the lli.rteetith
section of tile act approved July 28, 1866,
it shall be ihe further duty of the diieetor
of the Bureau of .Statistics to prepare and sub
init annually to Congress a statement, ot llie
rates ot wntres paid to wo.'kmen employed in
the leading im,urines oft.hu several States,
the ivtiole-i'-Te prices of leading atticles of
merchandise in the prmcip.il markets of the
country, and the ptiees ot the principal arti-
cles ot subsistence and domestic use.together
with similar information in repaid to the same
industries in snclt other countries as can be
ob'atned. And it shall be the further duty
of said director annually to collect, diKCst,
and arrange lor ihe use ol Congress the statis-
tics ot the savings banks and institutions in
the seveial States, showing the amount of
deposits and the number of depositors, with
the rate and amount, of dividends in each;
also the number ot State banks, the capital,
assets, and liabilities ol each, and rates and
amount of dividends declared annually by
each; also, the statistics of the railroad and
canal companies of the United States, show-
ing, respectively, the amount of capital, tost
ot constiucinn, the amount of revenues aud
expenditures, ami dividends d. elated by each,
tue number of passengers earned and the
number of officers and their compensation,
the casualties occuiring to passengers, and
emph/yes, and ttio amount of' freight trans
poned; also, the statistics of lite, fire, and
marine insurance companies, showing respect-
ively the capital, assets, and liabilities, the
amount of insurance, the rate and amount, ot
dividend, and the losses paid during the year ;
also, the statistics of the telegraph companies
of tile United States, the capital, assets, and
liabilities of each, and the rate ol dividend
declared during the year; and all such oiher
inlotmat,ton concerning said savings banks,
State banks, railroad and canal companies,
insurance aud telegraph companies, as will
present a full exhibit of their condition and
operations. And the expenses necessarily
incurred by the buieau in obtaining such to
formation are to be defrayed, on the order
and approval ol the Seeretaiy ot the'treas-
ury, out of any money m the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Mr. FAliNSWORTLl. I object to the re-
ception of mis bill, and call lor the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the
objection is too iate.
Mr. FARNSWOUTH. Not at all. 1 arose
as quickly as i could, some minutes ago, and
matte the point of order that the committee
had no ri^ht. to report this bill.
The SPEAKELi. And the Chair sustained
the point of Older, that they had no right to
report the bill under the rule, and the com-
mittee ttoes not assume to so leport it. But
wherever a proposition has been made aud
allowed to be stated, the Chair has held it to
be proper to submit it to a two-thuds vote ot
the Llouse.
Mr. FARNSWOUTH. Heretofore, when-
ever anybody has made a motion to suspend
the rul-s, and the regular order has been called
for, the Chair has held-
Mr. BROOKS. I desire to say to my col-
league, [Mr. E. LI. Roberts,] who reports this
bill" that I do not recollect it m the Commit-
tee of Ways and Mentis.
Mr. E. H. LiOBELi J'S. The bill was ordered
by the Committee of Ways and Means to be
reported to the House- The oider was made
in quile a full meeting of the committee, and
wiUiout objection.
Mr. BROOKS. Does my colleague from
Ind'atia [Mr. Kerr] recollect this bill?
Mr. KEHli. 1 do not.
Mr, E. LI. ROBERTS. I am surprised fo
h ar gentlemen rise upon this floor and ques-
tion the order of the Committee of Ways and
Means to report this bill.
.Mr. BROOKS. I do not do that. I know
we had sonieih>n£f about raising salaries.
Mr. E Li. ROBERTS. This is reported ia
the words ordered by the committee.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 do not doubt that fact..
Mr E. II. ROBERTS. I suppose not.
Mr. BROOKS. All I Can say is that I do
not remember the details of this bill.
Mr. E H. ROBliRlS. The bill was con-
sidered in committee, and includes ceitain
amendments moved by ihe gentleman ftom
Illinois, [Mr. Burchard,] and it was ordered
to be reported to ttie Llouse by the unanimous
vote of those present and voting.
Mr. BURCLLARD. The gentleman from
New Yoik [Mr. E. LI. Roberts] i  cortect.
This bill w.is passed upon m committee, aud
oidetvd to be repotted to the lloi ■.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 do notdoul, thai fact.
Mr. BURCtLARD. I do not. know that it
elicited much discussion in c mmittee, but
that, was the oider of the couimitiee._
Mr LvELjLliY. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Bubchard] will permit me to ic-
iriiud him lhat this bill was under discussion
in committee one morning when we adjourned,
and its consideration was resunud.it the ntxt
meeting, so that it had two days' consideta-
noii in 111e committee.
Mr. BOUCHARD. The gentleman is cor-
rect ; it was t wice considet ed by the com mil tee.
Mi. KERli. When was it considered in
commit tee ?
Mr. E. LI. ROBERTS. Some ten days ago.
Mr. KERR. Most likely when 1 was ilL
and not present, for 1 do not remember it at all.
Mr. KELLEY. When we adjt.urned on one
day there was an informal motion pending
that the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Buticit-
AKDj report the bill. The next day it was
ttie lirst business taken up in committee, con-
sidered for st,me lime, and then ttie gentleman
from New Yoik [Mr. E LI: Roberts] was
instructed to repor.t it to the Llouse.
Mr. RANDALL. All ttiat is not material.
What is ihe object of the bill ?
Mr. E. II. ROBERTS. It is to broaden (he
duties 
* Mr. FLATT. I object to further debate.
Mr. RANDALL, Let us understand the
object of the bill, aud then we will know how-
to vote.
Mr. E. H. iiOBELiTS. L am willing to
explain.
Mr. PLAIT. I withdraw my objection to
debate.
Mr. E. II. ROBERTS. We all know that
this country is behind other countiies in the
matter ot statistics. The gathering of statis
tics is both an art and a science. 1 his coun-
tiy fails in that regard, as compared with the
oldtr countries ot Lintope, owing perhaps 10
ihe great extent of our territory. The pur-
pose of this bill is to eulaige the duties of the
present ehiet of i he Bureau of Statistics, togive
him the title of director of statistics, and what
is moie, to lay down distinctly a broader held
within which he may gather the inloimation
bearing upon matters of leeislaiion in which
we are all mtetesied. Under the old bureau
his duties weie limited more parttcuiaily to
customs duties and the tacis^ bearing upou
them. 'Ihe purpose of this bid is to extend
the scope of his inquiries so as to give us the
wholesale prices ot the leading articles of
merchandise in the ehiet maiketsol the coun-
try) ami statistics in relation to banks, rail-
roads, insuiaiice companies. &c., so that we
in a) have those facts at hand to aid us in Iegisla-
tion. _
It gives also a broader discretion to the Sec-
retary of the Ireasuty in regard to the payment
