1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lion immigrants. The Commissioner, in Ms
report already referred to, says :
"It is conceded that alien immigrants bring with
them an average of sixty-eight dollars per head, and
that at this rate the money thus imported from 1790
to 1860 would not be less than four hundred millions
in gold."
He also says that under our land policy sixty
thousand small farms have been added to the
agricultural freeholds of the ' United ' States
during the last fiscal year, being nearly douhle
the number of land-owners in England accord-
ing to the British census of 1861. It is esti-
mated by statisticians that each adult person
adds at least one hundred dollars per annum
to the wealth of the country, and when it is
considered that our population increases each
decade at the rate of thirty-three per cent.,
the calculation of the benefits of our land
policy is almost impossible.
The territory proposed to be acquired by the
bill under discussion is equal to or greater in
area than the two powerful and populous States
of Indiana and Illinois. Under the operation
of local legislation it is likely to languish for
years in its present unsettled and unproductive
condition, and to pass into the hands of private
corporations and speculators; hence it becomes
a question of national importance to open it
to the humane purposes of reservations or to
the uses of civilization.
The area of the territory will amount, by
a rough estimate, to about sixty-five million
acres. The only settled portion of it is the
valley of El Paso, and a few scattered settle-
ments around the military posts in its circuit,
not amounting, all told, to more than five thou-
sand persons. There are partial locations
and recognized land titles within it, but the
greater part of it, say at least sixty million
acres, remains vacant and unappropriated,
which is the part for which a price is fixed.
It may be asked, if these lands are valuable
why sell them at the price fixed? The politi-
cal reasons have already been given, and it is
only necessary to notice the pecuniary. A
man with a note in bank may have thousands
of dollars of property but yet be unable to
raise the cast to prevent protest and the ruin
of his credit.
We are in that condition. The war left us
prostrate, our industries paralyzed, our ener-
gies weakened, and our credit gone. The
sale of the territory would place Texas on
its feet, restore credit, establish a system of
public schools, build railroads, and still leave
us with ample room and verge in the one hun-
dred and seventy-five thousand square miles
of territory left for development and settle-
ment, which would be aided by the sale,
whether used as a reservation for the In-
dians now harassing our borders and pre-
venting their settlement, or whether opened
to the settlement of more civilized races. It
will tax all our energies to develop this terri-
tory to its full capacity without wasting them
by scattering over too much groimd. The sale
would devolve upon the General Government
the duty of protectingthe territory from Indians,
a duty which has been neglected to the State.
They still prey upon us, considering the peo-
ple of Texas as outside barbarians and_not of
the family of the'' great father'' at W ashington.
The sale might teach them better information
and better manners. And it would prove no
light consideration with the people of the State
to be relieved from the scalping-knife and
tomahawk.
The bill presented for the consideration of
Congress provides that one half the purchase-
money shall be reserved in the Treasury to
secure any indebtedness already created by
the laws of Texas, the balance to be paid into
the State treasury to the credit of the public-
school fund. The constitution of the State of
Texas provides that the public school fund
shall be invested only in United States bonds.
This is the highest evidence given by a,py
southern State of its confidence in the integrity
and stability of the General Government, and
at the same time it offers the firmest safeguard
for this sacred fund. Such was the faith of
the Republicans of Texas whoi framed the
constitution with tljis provision, and secured
its adoption.
It has become very fashionable for the pure
and holy Democracy to denounce tlje Repub-
licans of the South and of "fexas as carpet-
baggers, scalawags, adventurers, thieves, beg-
gars, and other sweet names, which charges
are echoed by. some of tSe Republican journals
of the North, the aspirations of whose editors
are not properly appreciated. That there has
been an increase in the cost of our State gov-
ernment, as compared with the expenditures
before the war, is true ; but that this was
necessarily so is also equally true. But a
comparison of the laws of Texas will prove
beyond cavil or dispute that the taxes now
levied for the ordinary expenses of government
are not so great as those assessed ^y the rebel
Legislature of 1863, and which were paid with-
out a murmur. The tax against which the
greatest complaint is made is the one per cent,
levied to erept school-houses. This levy is not
likely to shock the sensibilities of the North,
however onerous it may appear in the South.
The general legislation of the Republican
Legislature of Texas is not complained of,
except that which encourages the construction
of railroads by a bonus of State bonds, under
which a prospective debt has been created.
It is not necessary to the present purpose to
argue the policy or impolicy of these acts. It
was in the passage of these acts that the charge
of corruption has been brought against the
Republicans of Texas. The journals of the
Legislature will show that these measures, with
a single exception, were vetoed by the Gov-
ernor, and that his vetoes were sustained by a
respectable minority of Republicans in both
houses of the Legislature. The journals will
also show thatall of these measures were voted
for by all of the Democratic members of the
Legislature with one or two exceptions. If
there were corruption, the Democracy was cor-
rupt en masse, while no such charge has ever
been made against our Republican Governor,
even by his bitterest foes, and the journals of
the Legislature forbid its bqing laid at the
door of his party.
The comparison of the expenditures now
with those before the war is not objected to
by any Republican acquainted with the history
of the State. Before the war the Democracy
had full sway. Eight years before the act
of secession $5,000,000, part of the purchase-
money of Santa F6, were placed in the vaults
of the State treasury. At the date of secession
only about three quarters of a million of bonds
remained in the treasury, and the State was
in debt over half a million dollars, being the
only actual present debt. The Democracy
rioted like a prodigal, eating up the substance
of the people and wasting the ordinary rev-
enues of the State by voting them to the coun-
ties to build court-houses and jails, but which
went into the pockets of the local politicians
and precipitators of revolution. During the
war, the three quarters of a million of bonds in
the treasury when it begun were spirited away,
and are now in litigation for their recovery.
The Republicans ot Texas fear no compari-
son of records.
It may be urged that the Punic faith of the
rebel Democracy in the misuse of these bonds
is a good cause for opposing the present prop-
osition, but it is a sufficient answer to say that
that offense was condoned when Texas was re-
admitted into the Union. When the war ended
the Government of the United States, as the
conqueror, had the undoubted right to impose
the terms of peace. It might have seized upon
the public domain of Texas to reimburse in
part the costs of war. But a wiser and a nobler
policy was pursued by the Republican party.
Whatever might have been done to the injury
of Texas was an injury to the whole body-poli-
tic of which it was an integral part. It was
part and parcel of the nation, and its inhab-
itants a part of the national community,' and
because they are, so many of as advocate a
general amnesty which is unasked for aria" in
many instances undeserved. ' '
It may be alleged also |hat Texas has
already cost the Government enough.' Ve
may be charged with the expenses of the war
with Mexico in addition to the price of Santa
F6, and held accountable for our bad conduct
in the rebellion. What sort of a nation would
this have been had it been confined to the
original colonies stretched along the Atlantic
from Maine to Georgia and hemmed in by -the
Alleghanies? It is to the fact that we over-
leaped this barrier and pressed forward to the
Pacific, and purchased every territory in' the
market, from the glades of Florida to tpe
glaciers of Alaska, that we owe our power at
home and our consideration abroad. ' No ter-
ritory has ever yet been acquired that Has
not added strength and dignity to the nation.
The proud boast of Webster to the Austrian
that his ancient and powerful empire was,
after all, but a patch on the earth's surface
compared with the United States, was but the
full fruition of the acquisition of territory and
the just measure of the grandeur of this well-
established American principle.
That there will be opposition to this meas-
ure from Texas, from the South, and from
the Democracy at large, it requires not to be
a prophet nor the son of a prophet to pre-
dict. All the old secession or^an-grinders
and theyounger fledgelings of the Texas press
will air their learning and their logic in'the
debate, and play upon it as with a harp of a
thousand strings. The venerable resolutions
of '98 and '99, the theories of Calhoun, the
saeredness of solemn treaty stipulations, equi-
libriums, homogeneities, Huguenotie chivalry,
crop-eaied Puritanism, and all the other clap-
trap and stage thunder of incurable and unap-
peasable secessionism will be paraded against
it in the tearful tones of the tragic muse. All
these appliances and appurtenances to boot
were brought in play in Texas to defeat the
compromise measures, including t]ie sale of
our Santa F6 territory.
But the sober sense of the people accepted
those measures, because they were not only
just, but' more'than that, they were generous
on the part of the national Government, arid
the sound judgment of the people may always
be relied on upon a proposition of such a
character. To this sound judgment of the
people of Texas the Republican party of that
State intend to make an appeal in tjie coming
contest, and by a united and harmonious effort
they intend to redeem the State from the tem-
porary disaster of the late election and to
retain the government in the hands of loyal
men. This is a condition absolute; for the
rebel Democracy has already committed one
breach of public faith, in the misuse of a trust
fund of the State, for which they have been
condoned, but which they cannot be trusted
to repeat.
There is one proposition of the joint resolu-
tion which will meet with especial disappro-
bation from this class: that which provides
that one half the purchase-money of the terri-
tory be retained in the Treasury to secure any
indebtedness already created by the laws of
Texas. This provision is in strict accordance
with the precedent established in the sale of
the Santa F6 territory; and it is absolutely
necessary, because the national Democratic
party, at the instance and under the lead of
one of the distinguished Senators from Mis-
souri, has declared that the reconstruction
acts of Congress are "unconstitutional, null,
and void," and this declaration is the received
and accepted principle of the party in the
South, and especially in Texas.
The Democracy of that State have an-
nounced in their recognised organs that they
intend to repudiate thy obligations of tlie State
based upon the acts of "the carpet-bag gov-
