1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59?
ought to be adopted, so as to give us not only
the names of the men who have been arrested,
but the dates of the offenses with which they
are chai'ged, the precise acts of resistance
which it is alleged they have offered to any law
or any official. We ought to know what civil
officers they have resisted, &c., so that we can
see whether or not the military subordin-
ates of the Government have not under the
authority of this proclamation been guilty of
acts of outrage equally flagrant with tliose
charged to have been crimmitted by the ibeti
arrested. If the statements which have been
macle relative to the conduct of the military
there are all true, this information i ask l'or
will be as much as the President can lay before
ns within a reasonable time. Should any spe-
cific case come up calling fof the exercise of
extraordinary powers elsewherfij we can call
for the information in detail as the ileeessity
for it arises.
I repe&t, that my substitute ought to be
adopted for the reason that the resolution
repotted by the committee does not reach the
root of the evil ; does not require anything
like all the information which this House ought
to have; in fact, withholds tlie demand for that
portion of the information which will develop
whether it be true that flagrant outrages have
been committed by the military under the
guise of law upon citizens over whom they had
no jurisdiction, and whrt hive been charged
with offenses which were in fact rtever com-
mitted. If gentlemen will compare the two
resolutions carefully, I think it will be found
that the original does not reach as far as it
ought to get at all the facts. Pot this reason
I insist that the substitute ought to be adopted.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, my colleague
on the Committee, the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Stevexson,] who offered the resolution
calling for information in relation to the State
of Kentucky, is of the opinion that this sub-
stitute is rather intended to Save Kentucky
from being inquired into, and hence he desires
me to yield to him. 1
Mr. BECK. I have made hd objeetioti
to ah inquiry into the eonditibn of affairs in
Kentucky on this floor ; but as the gentlethan
from Vermont [Mr. PolASU] kfiotts, I wanted
inquiry, if made, extended to Indiana, Pennsyl-
vania, and other States. The! gentleman Would
not go with me in-that. I objected to my State
being selected, when there was more need of
inquiry elsewhere.
Mr. POLAND. I yield to the gentleman
from'Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] the same time
that I did to the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mi- Beck.]
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, the
amendment p'roposed by the gehtlemaft frbm
Kentucky [Mf. ESeok] e'otrtaifis a statement
which is not true. It says that the President
of the United States has proclaimed mtfMial
law in certain counties of South Carolina.
That is untrue. The term '^martial law,"
implies the suspension of all civil law. Mar-
tial law takes the place of civil law, and is the
will of the officer in command. The Presi-
dent has proclaimed no such law. If he had
done so, we would not have seen those pro-
longed trials fit Columbia, South Carolina,
where two gentlenSen, who rank among the
ablest lawyers in the land, fought against jus-
tice for nearly a month to shield the Ku Kiux.
We would not have seen counsel brought there
and paid by Ku Klux contributions $5,000
each. We wotildnot have seed' those lawyers
driven out of court in shame and confusion.
We would not have seen any civil proceeding;
but we would have seen (and 1 would not have
eared much if I had seen it) a few score or a
few hundred or even a thousand of those in-
human criminals tried by .drhm-head court
martial, and some of the: guiltiest swung to the
trees of South Carolina.
Mr. VAN TBUMP. I ask the gentleman
to yield for a moment. I understood him to
say that the lawyers engaged in the Ku Klux
trials in South Carolina were driven by shame
out of court. Does he mean in that remark
to refer to Mr. Stanbery?
Mr. STEVENSON. I do.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Has the gentleman
seen Mr. Stanbery since that time?
Mr; STEVENSON. No, sir; but one of
those lawyers left the court house while one of
his clients was on trial, because he was sick-
ened by the facts, and the other left Columbia
before the business was done.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. No, sir. I cannot
speak for Mr. Johnson, of Maryland, but lean
Say for Mr. Stanbery, of Ohio, that he left
Columbia only when his mission was performed.
He went there uuder an arrangement to attend
to,the legal points in the case. If the gentle-
man had seen the letter of Mr. Stanbery,
published only a few days ago in the Cincinnati
papers, he would not have made the statement
he has;
Mr; MAYNARD. Do I understand the
gentleman to say that Mr., Stanbery was not
ashamed of the occurrence?
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I do not know, but I
doiitroVert tlie statement that the lawyers left
the court-house with shame.
Mr. STEVENSON. I Have known Mr.
Stanbery since I was a boy, and believe, from
a knowledge of the man, that he was ashamed,
must have been ashamed of his clients, and
if he had not, his friends would be ashamed
of him.
Mr. VAN TRUMP; My colleague cannot
know Henry Stanbery as 1 do. I practiced
law with him for fifteen years, and saw noth-
ing which took place at those trials which
would make him ashamed as an advocate;.
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman can-
ndt have read the testimony, nor considered
what Mr. Johnson said to the jury. In the
first case:
"I have listened with unmixed horror to some of
th<S testimony which has boon brought before you.
The outrages proved are shocking to humanity; they
admit of heither excuse or justification; they vio-
late every obligation which law and nature imposes
upon men; they show thnt the parties engaged were
brutes insensible to the obligations of humanity and
religion."
Yet this was not the worst case the coun
sel tried; it was another which disgusted the
senior counsel and drove him from the court-
room. It may not have been the original pur-
pose of these great lawyers to try the cases on
the facts. Perhaps they did not mean to have
afly jury trials. Their mission may have been
to entangle the business in subtleties so as to
prevent any facts from coming out on sworn
testimony; but their clients were brought to
trial and they went into the facts, and both
quit the court and the State before the cases
Were concluded. I do not bliime but honor
them foi- it.
But let us return to the point. There is no
triartial la# in South Carolina. The President
has only, suspended the writ of habeas corpus
in order that the civil law may have effect,
and bad ffien may be brought to justice by the
methods provided by Congress.
" Only that, and nothing more."
This amendment offered by the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] excludes all the
States but South Carolina. The gentleman
skillfully avoids naming Kentucky, but that is
evidently his object; he wauts to keep Ken-
tucky out. He labored hard in committee, as
the record he produces will show, to prevent
extending the inquiry to that State.
Mr. BECK. Let me say a word. 1 labored
to get Kentucky out because of the invidious
distinction drawn against Kentucky. If Ken-
tucky were included, then also ought to have
been included the Scranton riots in Penn-
sylvania, the riots in Indiana, and the riots
wherever else they may have occurred. I
objected to an invidious distinction being
drawn against my own State when there were
other States where instances of this kind had
occarred.
Mr. STEVENSON. Very well,Mr. Speaker;
there is an invidious distinction made by this
resolution against Kentucky, as between that
State and the States of Indiana, Pennsylvania,
and Ohio, all of which were proposed to have
been included; and I am sorry to say there is
reason for that invidious distinction. Icannot
say anything unkind of the State of Kentucky.
Probably my attachments, and the reasons for
them, are as strong as those of the gentleman
who represents her in part; but every well-
wisher of the State should endeavor to rescue
her from the conspiracy which infests her.
Official records show that from October 30,
1§66, to October 14, 1808, there were six hun-
dred and forty-six well-authenticated outrages.
Here is the statement of General 0. 0. How-
ard, in his official reports ;
" Krntvdni.—In 1867 the number of outrages coril-
jtoitted by whites against freed poodle, and officially
reported by subordinate officers since October 30,
1866, is as follows, namely: murders, 20; shooting, 18;
rape, 11; otherwise maltreated, 270 ; total, 319.
"In 1868, to October 14, the outrages perpetrated
by the Ku Klux Klan have caused a great exodu3
into other States."
" The number of outrages reported as committed
by whites upon colored people in the State of Ken-
tucky during the year is: murders, 26; rapes, 3:
shootirigs, 3d; otherwise maltreated, 265; total, 327.
Up to March, 1871, there were recorded 90
additional cases, making 739 ascertained oh
February 13, 1871.
" Jacob Lichter was hung by Ku Klui in^ Shelby
(February 16;) a masked band rescued Scroggins from
jail in Frankfort, (February 24;) and a band attacked
Bnllou's store, in Franklin county; and liueker was
killed, (March 11.)"
General P. St. George Cooke, in his report
for 1869, says;
"Out of the cities and off from tho great lines of
travel and commeice. in tlie interior of Kentucky
and Tennessee, negro and white Unionist* enjrty
little protection of law to person or property, and
the freedom of the negroes is ainoekery.
" While I write the public prints rccordaKu Klux
action—submitted to, of course—in which, breaking
into houses, they murdered one and maimed another
whito man; 'scourged most unmercifully a white
man and several negroes.'"
One of the best-informed men in the State,
a citizen of Lexington, (a constituent of the
gentleman,) lias published the following state-
ment, which I have never seen controverted:
"Outrages of this sort committed by thesemenhave
been reported from the following counties; Carter,
Montgomery, Clarke, F.iyelto, Woodford, Anderson,
Frahklin, Shelby, Henry, Marion. Washington, Mer-
cer, Boyle, Lincoln, Pulaski. Garrard, Madison,
Rockcastle, Bourbon, Scott, and Harrison. Here
are twenty-one counties, in the center of the Slate,
as it were, in every one of which foul murders have
been committed by the Ku KluX, and in some of
them as high as ten or twelve murdered men can be
counted. All this, and a great, deal lfaore. occurred
during Ihc administration of Governor Stevenson.
From thecuttingdown of theflagstaff over the grave
of (ieneral Nelson ; from the murder ot'Mjjor Bier-
bower in Stanford, to tbu killing of tlie negroes in
Franklin, right under the nose of the Governor, these
tilings have been going on. Is an organisation whicti
spreads ovei twenty-one counties, containing near
three hundred thousand inhabitants, and so intimid-
ating or in other ways annulling the action of the
State civil authorities, as to prevent their molest-
ing them: an organization which has stained every
county with the blood of their victims, and which is
guilty of the death of more than one hundred men,
a small affair V These are facts, are sober realities,
are unexageerAted truths. That this organization
exists in all the portion of the State we have named,
their deeds attest. The State cannot or will not deal
with these men; The organization is so powerful
that officers of the Jaw have respected their man-
dates and obeyed their behests. 1*ay, it is charged
and believed that in sonrte counties some of the offi-
cers of the law are members of tlie organization,
made bfficers of the law because of their political
influence. .
"Coluriins after columns of the newspapers tor
four years past bavo been filled with the doings of
these men. Two thirds of the startling things that
have drawn and fixed the attention of the people in
that time have been ICu Klux murders. The pulpit
have denounced these men. Lawyers pleading !or
the life of their clients have denounced them.; bo
distinguished a Democrat as John C. Breckinridge
has, in a public speech, denounced them. •
* * Xvvo or threo times when the doings or
them becartie t.wo noiorious. and were, in a, manner,
free from disguise, a grand jniy has indicted them,
but no one has ever been tried in a Stirtecourt, much
less punished. Grand juries stand m awe otj«>eni,
witnesses tell the foremen of juries that they will
go to jail before rhey will testify 3g,,n*
* « * "Were all the Ku fc inx arrested and
brought to trial, ariiong fcfaem would be iouna slier*
