1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
545
42d Gong....2d Sess.
Extension of Ku Kltix Act—Mr. Morton.
Senate.
judiciously. In some oases the bonds were
issued before the conditions had been com-
plied with upon which the law authorized
them to he issued. In other States perhaps
the moneys received by the States as the pro-
ceeds of the bonds were not judiciously em-
ployed in building the roads. It is a bad sys-
tem ; in my State we know it from sad expe-
rience. Railroads and canals onght to be
built on private capital and private credit,
and never upon the credit of the State ; but
if ever States had an excuse for embarking
their credit in the construction of internal
improvements it wus the southern States after
the war. They could not build railroads in
any other way.
Now, sir, what is the experience in the State
of Indiana, and 1 will speak of that lirst ?
In 1837—my colleague remembers it well—
Indiana issued her bonds to the amount of
$12,000,000, and put, tliem upon the market
to raise money to build canals, railroads, and
turnpikes. Those bonds passed into the hands
of iunocent purchasers in one way and another
and we had to pay them, but the money was
squandered. We did not get the completion
of a single work. 1 think one railroad was
buiit forty miles, was it not?
Mr. PRATT. Yes, sir.
Mi'. MORTON. Several canals were under-
taken. One was built twenty miles; another
live miles. We had numerous turnpikes un-
dertaken. Some were graded ; some had the
stone put on for a few miles ; but not a single
work was finished ; and in' 1841 the State of
Indiana suspended payment upon her bonds.
She was a young State without much capital,
without much wealth, and her credit went
down. There was no fraud in all that except
now and then an officer swindled the State, or
some broker in New York got hold of the
bonds, just perhaps as brokers have got hold
of the bonds of some of these southern States
without paying the proper consideration. We
suspended payment until 1846. and then made
au arrangement with our creditors by which
our bonds were taken up. The credit of In-
diana has been fully resrored. and she doss
not now owe a dollar to anybody. That is the
history of Indiana on this subject.
The history of Illinois ia very much the
saniM. She issued a large amount of bonds,
but I believe finished no work, and suspended
payment for a long time. Her credit was
impaired ; but she afterward resumed it, took
up her bonds in the same way, and now her
credit, is good.
flow was it in the State of Missouri? She
now has a debt—I appeal to the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Sohubss] if I am not correct—
of nearly twenty millions. It has been much
larger. She has been paying some of it. That
debt was contracted - before the war for the
purpose of building railroads and works of
internal improvement, and she never got the
worth of her money.
How was it in regard to Virginia, the mother
of States and statesmeu ? She now has a debt
of fiity-two millions. Whether Virginia can
ever pay thai debt I do not know. 1 sympa-
thize with her. That debt was contracted
before the war; not a dollar of it, by Repub-
licans; contractu/! at a.time when a Republican
could not .set his foot in Virginia and ityow his
sentiments without being in danger of being
hung upon the nearest tree. That debt was
contracted for works of internal improvement,
and- she has nothing to show for it. It was a
bad system.
South Carolina, North Caroliua, Georgia,
and Florida have followed this sad example
Of the mother of States. They are not in
uearjy_ as bad a condition as she is, although
Virginia has neverforan bourof her existence
been under the control of a liepubliemj Slate
government,
42d (Jong, 2d Sess.—No. 35.
How was it in regard to Mississippi, rep-
resented by my friend over <lie way [Mr.
Alcorn?] 1 do not hold him lesponsibie
for what Mississippi did a long time ago ;
but Mississippi long before the war, under the
lead, 1 believe, of Mr. Davis, at a time when
110 Republican could enter that State without
danger of his life, contracted debts recklessly,
if you please, improvidently, if you please,
and then she did what no other State gov-
ernment, black or white, ever has done, what
no colored State government in the South
has ever even talked of doing, and I venture
to say never will do. Mississippi repudiated
her debt, and that repudiation is to day a stench
in the nostrils of the world. Mississippi in
her palmy days, when there was no colored or
white Republican upon her soil, when herState
government was in the hands of those men who
ruled the social and political world with a rod
of iron, those men who afterward set them-
selves up as the models of chivalry and of
public virtue, did an act whereat the world has
recoiled, and which did more than any other
thing ever done in this country to impair the
credit of this nation throughout all the mon-
eyed centers of the world.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow mo
to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. MOltTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. TIIURMAN". If I understood him cor-
rectly, he said no State, black or white, had
ever repudiated a debt but Mississippi. Am I
correct in that position ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir; I said 110 other
State government had ever done so.
Mr. THURMAN. Does not the Senator
know that every one of the thirteen colonies,
or pretty nearly every one of them, repudiated
the revolutionary debt? Does he not know
that continental money was repudiated or scaled
down to twelve and a half cents on the dollar
by the Federal Government? Does he not
know that every nation 111 Europe, without
exception, has at one time or another repu-
diated its debt? I do not say this in defense of
repudiation at all. but I speak of it as a fact.
Mr. MORTONi Mr. Piesideut, the evil
example of Mississippi cannot be palliated or
excused because of the fate of the old conti-
nental money. That money wt.s issued in vast
quantities during the revolutionary war as a
political and military necessity, and by the
time the war was over, and when the present
Government was inaugurated and came into
operation, that money had so depreciated in
the hands of the people that it was not worth
one cent on the dollar. That is not a parallel
case. For the Government then to have paid off
that money at its face would have been to pay
ninety-nine cents out of a hundred where there
was 110 consideration. It was not exacted or
expected. But that is not the case of a State,
a "sovereign State," too, like Mississippi, an
"independent State," too, that has the right
t.o inarch in and out of the Union at pleasure,
issuing her bonds, getting the money 011 them
paid down at her counters, and then turning
around, a year or two afterward, and repu-
diating them. That, is an evil example that
I think has no parallel on this continent. I
say it not, now against Mississippi. I do not
cast it as a reflection upon her Senators on
this floor. God forbid. The meu who did
that thing have passed away from political
power, and I trust forever. Those who have
succeeded them are heaitily ashamed of it.
Their cheeks have had occasion too often to
mantle with shame because of the deed Lhat
was done in days before the war.
Mr. President, we have had aigument after
argument on this floor that the Ku Ktux law
that was passed last year was unconstitutional,
aud it is said that we have no right now to ex
tend the power of the President to suspend the
writ of habeas corpus until the end of the next
session of Congress. I shall not argue the
constitutional question to-night. That has
been argued upon this floor before, aud satis-
factorily. I have no doubt of our power. I
have 110 doubt of the constitutionality of that
law. Every argument made here against it
a year ago, I thmk, was swept away as chaff.
I never heard a constitutional power more
completely vindicated. I shall not take up
the time at this late hour to touch it even for
a single instant. Bat, sir, I wish to remark
that, the Constitution now is the great way how
not to do it. It is set up as an obstacle to
progress, an obstacle to protection. It is
made the cover and the protection of crime
just as in 1861 it was made the cover and the
shield for secession. We were told then that
the Government had no right to coerce a State
to remain in the Union; we were told that it
was better to let the Constitution go, to be
overturned by rebellion, than to violate the
Constitution for the sake of preserving the
nation. Now, as then, the Constitution is
used for the protection of violence and of
crime. We are told that we can do every-
thing under it but protect the lives, the liberty,
aud the property of -the people of the United
States.
Sir, the Constitution ia abused now as the
Bible was formerly abused. The Bible was
used as a cover, a shield, an argument for
slavery and for polygamy. It was lugged in to
cover up the vilest and worst of crimes that
prevailed in society. It is used now for pur-
poses of that kind ; and so is the Constitution
of the United States. It is now reguLuly at-
tempted to be employed for the purpose of
protecting fiom punishment those who have
committed these crimes in the southern States.
Now, Mr. President, in legaid to this law,
what has it done—the law we passed over a year
ago ? 1 undertake to say that Congress never
passed a law that did so much good 111 so short
a time. 1 want to repeat and to amplity tfi.it
statement. I think that the history of our
Government will bear me out 111 the statement
that no law ever passed this body that did so
much good in so short a time as what is com
monly called the Ku Kiux law. Sir, it- did
give comparative peace 10 the South; is has
saved hundreds, perhaps thousands ot lives ;
it has saved thousands of people from be ing
driven into exile, from being bcourged, from
being outraged in every way that devibsh in-
genuity could devise. The law has accom-
plished all this, it has been a benetit in every
point of view.
Leaving constitutional objections out of the
way, I might appeal to my Democratic trieuds
upou this floor to look back over the South
since the passage of that law and see how it
acted like oil upou the waters at once. Oh,
the argument was made that there have been
110 outrages since the law was passed. There
have been outrages since the law was passed,
but comparatively lew. The law terrified evil-
doers into peace aud quiet. The power of
the President to suspend the habeas corpus
acted like a charm. 11 was a sword suspended
over the heads of these men, and witti com-
paratively few exceptions they at once sus-
pended their operations. It is a uieasuie of
peace, nota measuieof war, and it'my Demo-
cratic friends are auxious for peaee, let them
use thot>e quietand peaceable means that shall
bring it. An ounce of prevention, says an old
saying, is worth a pound ot cure. Let us have
a law that will give peace without its exercise,
and I undertake to say that the passage of this
bill will do more to pievent bloodshed in the
Souih, to pievent, violence and ouirage, and
to encourage the Soulh rapidly along the paih
of prosperity and progress, than the Army of
the United States can do, or than all the influ-
ence that can be exerted by the Democratic;
party.
