1494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
ernment," which they allege has been "forced
upon them," in face of the fact that the con-
stitution of that State was adopted by seventy-
six thousand votes out of the eighty thousand
votes cast. And the same threat has been
made in other southern States. Nor does rebel
Democracy stop here. It would repudiate the
national debt contracted to put down their re-
bellion. Such a party cannot be trusted either
by State or nation.
Another objection will be urged against the
sale of the Pan-Handle for an Indian reserva-
tion. This territory is even now the hunting-
ground and hiding-place of the nomadic tribes
that are making war upon the frontier people
of Texas, and we have all the evils arising
from their occupancy without any of the ben-
efits that would accrue were this occupation
accompanied with the safeguards of a regular
settlement under the United States laws, and
under the protection of regular Indian agents,
and troops to repress the Indians and prevent
their raids upon our settlements.
The Indian territory of the Choctaws, Cher-
olsees, and Creeks has existed as long as the
Republic and the State of Texas, and all this
time it has laid alongside our northern bound-
ary and only separated from us by Red river,
a narrow stream, yet we have never experi-
enced any inconvenience or trouble on that
account; and the object in consolidating all
the Indian tribes into one compact territory is
to bring them to the same condition of civili-
zation and'good neighborhood. That Indian
territory is not sufficient for all the tribes,
because the Indians require more territory
than an equal number of whites. Man is first
a hunter, then a herdsman, then an agricultu-
rist, manufacturer^ artist, and as each higher
grade of civilization is reached the necessity
for landed domain decreases; hence, the
Indian, now being of the lower grades, requires
more elbow-room than the civilized white
man. Instead, therefore, of the sale for this
purpose being a valid objection, it presents
one of the strongest reasons why it should be
accomplished, as it would enable the General
Government to bring the Indians under lawful
control and prevent their predatory warfare
upon the people of Texas.
The benefits which would flow from the
accomplishment of this sale would be mutual
in their character and important in their results.
The national Government would obtain con-
trol of a fruitful country, capable of being
formed into two great States, which could be
used for the humane purposes already indi-
cated, or opened at once to settlement and
civilization, and the State would part with a
territory which its present limited resources
prevent it from developing and improving.
To whatever uses it might, be destined by the
nation, the return would prove fourfold the
amount of the purchase-money, while this
would enable the State to immediately put
into operation a system of public schools and
of internahmprovements which wouldincrease
fourfold its wealth and population witbiu the
next decade. The Government could give pro-
tection to the frontier of Texas, so long de-
manded by its people, and the State would
extend its population throughout its borders
under such protection. But, above all, it would
take away the last lingering cause of quarrel
contained in the articles of annexation, and
place the two Governments in harmonious rela-
tions with each other. That this may result
between the people, not only of the State of
Texas, but those of every other State which
engaged in the rebellion, and the people and
Government of the United States, is a consum-
mation which should engage the earnest labor
of every citizen who loves his country, and
desires its continued peace and prosperity.
message from the iiousb.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1297) amendatory of an
act entitled " An act donating public lands to
the several States and Territories which may
provide colleges for the benefit of agriculture
and mechanic arts," passed July 2, 1862, and
acts amendatory thereto;
A bill (H. R. No. 1766) to authorize the
Chicago and Northwestern Railway Company
to change their projected line of railway in
the State of Michigan ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 108) granting
condemned cannon for the erection of a sol-
diers' monument at Mound City, Illinois.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill,
On motion of Mr. COLE, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
lOtSO) making appropriations for the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,1873,
and for other purposes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The pending question is on
concurring in the Senate with the amendments
made in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. COLE. ' I hope the vote will be taken
on concurring in all the amendments, except
such as may be received for a separate vote.
I will enumerate those on which I desire a sep-
arate vote, and the Secretary can take them
down. When we thus dispose of the amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole,
it will then be time for other Senators who
have amendments to offer, which I hope they
willnothave, to present them. I wish to except
the amendment on page 5, in relation to the
Capitol police, the amendment on page 15, re-
lating to the printing of the laws in newspapers,
the amendment on page 32, relating to the
depositary at Tucson, Arizona, the amend-
ment on page 41, relating to forty clerks in
the Land Office, and the amendment on page
54, reducing the appropriation for the contin-
gent fund of the commissary general's office
by $1,000. Those are the only amendments
which I wish reserved for a separate vote.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Logan] gave notice that he desired to
reserve the amendment in relation to the civil
service commission.
Mi-. SCOTT. There is one amendment to
which I wish to call attention that I feel
obliged to reserve for a reason which perhaps I
had better state when it comes up, and that
is the amendment on page 17. I will state
to the chairman now the reason why I
reserve it, so that he will see the propriety of
doing so. This is an amendment which was
by consent added, authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to distribute the fund of
$22,500 placed at his disposal to "the offi-
cer in his Department" instead of "clerks
in his office." Upon inquiry I find the Secre-
tary of the Treasury states that that will only
embarrass him and will not accomplish the
purpose for which it was made; that he will
feel bound to distribute it as it has been here-
tofore distributed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
can give his reason whenever the question is
before the Senate. It is not now before the
Senate.
Mr. SCOTT. In connection with that, it
will be necessary to reserve the amendment
upon which this arose striking out the clause
in the bill as it came from the House, fixing
the compensation of the Register of the Treas-
ury. I ask to reserve them both.
Mr. BLAIR. I should like to have the
amendment offered by the Senator from Kan-
sas, by which forty clerks were allowed to the
Interior Department, excepted.
Mr. COLE. That has already been reserved.
Mr. CARPENTER. I wish to reserve also
the amendment which was agreed to in com-
mittee, appropriating, I believe, $50,000 for
the civil service commission. 1 wish the vote
on that to be taken separately, and I give
notice that in connection with that I shall
move to strike out that clause and insert the
following:
That all laws or parts of laws under which the
present civil service commission was appointed by
the President of the United States be, and the same
are hereby, repealed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the Senate in the
amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole, excepting and reserving such as have
been named.
The amendments were concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now will be on concurring in the first ex-
cepted amendment.
Mr COLE. That is the amendment on page
5, iu relation to the Capitol police. I suppose
that question has been sufficiently discussed,
and 1 am willing that the vote shall be taken
upon it without further argument.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was on page 5, line one hundred and one, to
strike out "$2,088" and insert "$1,800;"
in line one hundred and two, to strike out
"three" and insert "two;" in line one hun-
dred and three, to strike out " eight" and inseit
"five in line one hundred and four, to strike
out "seven" and insert "five," and also in
the same line, to strike out "five" and insert
" twoin line one hundred and five, to strike
out the words " and eighty-four," and in the
same line, after the word "each," to strike out
"$42,768" and insert " $30,000;" in lines
one hundred and eight and one hundred and
nine, to strike out "$58,256" and insert
"$42,800;" and after the word "dollars," in
line one hundred and nine, to insert the
words " which sum shall be the compensation
of the officers in this clause namedso as to
make the clause read :
Capitol police:
For ono captain, $1,800; two lieutenants, at $1,500
each; twenty-five privates, at $1,200 each, $30,000;
and eight watchmen, at $1,000 each, $8,000; making
in all. $12,800, which sums shall bo the compensation
of the officers in this clause named, one half to bo
paid into the contingent fund of the House of Rep-
resentatives, and the other half to be paid into the
contingent fund of the Senate.
Mr. COLE. The only explanation that is
needed at this time is that the bill as sent to
the Senate from the House contained an in-
crease of salary of this force. The Senate
Committee on Appropriations saw fit to re-
commend a reduction of it to the appropri-
ation of last year, to the standard that has
governed it for some time past. I believe the
proposition is now well understood. It was
discussed in the Senate when the matter was
up before, and I do not desire to say anything
further upon it. I expressed myself fully at
that time in favor of keeping salaries as they
are for the next fiscal year. During that time
and before that elapses I hope we shall reach
specie payments, in which event, of course,
the salaries at the old rate will be more avail-
able than they are even now; but they are re-
garded as sufficient at the rate at which they
were fixed last year, and at the rate at which
the appropriation has been made heretofore
for their maintenance and support.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in this amendment made
as in Committee of the "Whole.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
the effect of the amendment. Does that leave
these officers as they were ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It leaves them as the
law leaves them.
Mr TRUMBULL. It takes off the twenty
per cent. I remember we had a contest about
this a year ortwoago, and Ithink wo embraced
these officers in the twenty per cent. I should
like to inquire for information of the Senator
from California whether the House passed
the bill leaving these officers as they have
heretofore been with the twenty per cent., and
if the amendment of the Senate—I have not
