$98
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
sffs, magistrates, jurors, and legislators, and, it may
be, clerks and judges, In somecounties it would be
found that the Ku Klux and their friends comprise
more than half of the influential and voting popu-
lation./'
The conspiracy exists in the gentleman's
own district among,his constituents, and has
at least ever since September, 1868. Here is a
document from the report of the commanding
generator 1868;
Motjnt Vernon, Kentucky,
Sejitember 21, 1868.
D&ar (Sensual: We need some military aid in
this section of country for the following reasons, to
•wit: there is a band of Ku Klux in the vicinity of
Crab Orchard, Kentucky, that are continually com-
mitting' depredations in this port of the country.
About two months ago they went to James Baker's,
in fculaski couuty, and murdered hi in by shooting
him ; some five shots took effect. On la^t Saturday
night they went to tlio house of on© Stephen Cum-
mins. of Pulaski county, and killed him and his
daughter, and wounded his ?on; his son escaped
by running: off in the dark. They shot his daughter
for lamenting over her dead father; he, Cummins,
killed two or them—one on the ground, and one
died at Crab Orchard. Xhey remarked before they
left that there was ono more d—d abolitionist out of
the way. It is Union men that they are operating
upon entirely. So, general, if there is not military
interference, we will soon bo in a very bad fix. The
main nestisaboutOrabOrchard. Wothinkit would
be a good idea to station some troops at Crab Orch-
ard, as we think it is one of the worst rebel holes in
Kentucky. Union men are becoming alarmed, and
will have to band themselves together for their pro-
tection if thero is not something dono. General, wo
are satisfied that we need protection, or we would
not call fur it.
Very respectfully, your obedient servants,
WM. CARSON,
Judge Jiockcastle County Court.
A. J. MOORE.
County Attorney.
"R. D. COOK,
Clerk RoakcaHth' County Court,
B.K. BJBTUUUUM,
SheriJ} UockcuHtlt County,
Crab Orchard is in the gentleman's district,
and Mount Vernon in one adjoining.
The Governor, in his message of December
4, 1871, admits the existence of the order in
the State, and characterizes its members as
murderers, lie says:
" Law and Order.—1That thero has boon in certain
localities within tho State a degree ot disorder and
a reckless disposition to disregard and defy the law
is a fact which requires consideration. Just what
the Legislature can or ought, to do to remedy this
evil it ii difficult to determine. There are already
jupon the statute-books of tho Stale ample laws,
•with adequate penalties, for ail crimes aud misde-
meanors. The difficulty lies not in the want of
penal statutes, but in their enforcement. Upon
poth these points much unjust criticism has boon
indulged toward both the Legislature and the civil
officers of the State. The lawlessness has in some
Instances assumed an organized fonu, executing its
violence and yorpetratiag its actsundorooverot tho
niglU, by bodies of men too powerful to bo resisted
by tho citizens, and so disguised that they cannot bo
recognized aud brought to trial for thoir misdeeds,
and thus aro enabled to defy both the law and its
officers.
" This state of things is to be deeply deplored, and
should be corrected as speedily as possible. There
is no safety to the public peace but in tho observance
aud enforcement of law, and the whole po^ver and
force of the Commonwealth, if need be, should be
exerted for the protection of her humblest citizen.
The mob, when once aioused, does not discriminate
between the innocent and the guilty, and often, upon
a bare accusation, hurries its victim to punishment
without trial or proof of guilt. In such a state of
things thero is no safety lor tho life or liberty of any
citizen, since tho purest and most innooont may fail
a sacrifice to the passions and prcjudioesof the hour,
upon a charge utterly wanton and malicious, pio-
forr^d by so mo one who has the car of thoinob.
"Wo can understand how the commission of an
atrocious and revolting crime in a community may
so outrage public sentiment as to provoke summary
putui-bmeiH by an infuriated populace. Such oc-
currences have existed in all nations and under all
Governments; and while they are to be depieoa-tcd,
yet, being only occasional outhreaks, excited by
the perpetration of enormous crimes, they do not
threaten any serious or permanent danger to the
peace and safety of the country,
'* But when men organize themselves into vigilance
committees, klans, or leagues, or whatsoever other
came tbey may assume, with the avowed or prac-
tical purpose of taking thelawinto their own hands,
to inflict punishment upon any member of tho com-
munity who may be obnoxious to them, they become
themselves tho most dangerous class of law-break-
ers; tbey havoail the elementso£a mob; they are
a, mob; and a mob is no remedy tor anything; and,
if acting in such unlawful combination, they inflict
death upon any one. they, and all who give aid,
encouragement, or  countouanoe to their act, are
ginllty of murder*. Tt matters not how guilty or how
heinous the crime of their victim, their crime is still
murder. The number or respectability of those
engaged in the commission of a crime cannot sanc-
tify the deed or extenuate their guilt, but rather
aggravates the offense and intensifies the danger' to
tbe public peace. Not only the officers of the Com-
monwealth, but all good citizens should feel it to be
their solemn duty to discountenance all such un law-
ful acts, and to bring their perpetrators to trial and
punishment.
"Disorder ever tends to reproduce ana multiply
itself, and in its presence no right of the citizen is
secure. Besides, tbe influence of the evil-doer in
this case involves much more than insecurity and
injustice ?o good and law-abiding citizens. To per-
mit such outrages to go unpunished tends to impair
among the people tfciat reverence for tho authority
of the law which is the chief safeguard of society,
and to destroy that confidence in the ability of Gov-
ernment to protcct his life and vindicate his rights,
which is the just foundation of tho citizen's alle-
giance, and strikes a blow at tho fabric of State rights,
resting as it does on the maintenance of law and
order, whioh may be disastrous to our civil and polit-
ical liberty.
" In every instance brought legally to tho notice
of the Executive all the means authorized by law-
have been employed to secure the arrest and trial
of guilty parties. Rewards have been offered;
requisitions issued; the militia ordered to render
assistance in the arrest of criminals, and the pub-
lic invoked by proclamation to discountenance the
offenders, and aid in securing their punishment;
and though acts perpetrated by such organized
bands arc decreasing in all sections of the Com-
monwealth, yet we cannot claim that they have
futirely ceased. Whether any further legislation
for thoir suppression is necessary, and if so, of what
nature, is a matter for your deliberation and
docision.
"I will suggest that tho posse comitntw, which is
the only reliance of the civil officer for aid in pur-
suing and arresting offenders under the law at pres-
ent, is not adequate to tho emergency in cases of the
sort under consideration. Lawless bands are usually
drilled, and always armed, whereas tho posse aro
neither drilled nor armed, and hence are not pre-
pared to encounter the offenders. To organize for
duty companies of militia in localities annoyed by
law-breakers is expensive, and has, when the exper-
iment has been made, not proven efficient. There
is too much machinery required to bring the ordin-
ary militia organization into the field. Long before
the nccossary orders can bo procured, and arrange-
ments made for pursuit, tho law-breakers have
disappeared, [ shall certainly 'take care that the
laws bo faithfully executed,' but 'ho powers and
duties of the Executive in this regard arc prescribed
in the laws uj>on our statute-books, and it will be
seen that he is restricted iu the use of the militia,
and iu tho offering of rowards for arrest, to'tho call
of certain other officers.
" 1 rccommend that you pass such additional laws
as shall be necessary to more certainly xeach tho
various forms of crime as it crops out at the hands
of organizations and other evil-disposed jSersons, so
much to tho terror and gb&meof the people. I sub-
mit to your wisdom whether you should not enact
some law imposing more stringent and severe penal-
ties upon public officers for their failure arid neglect
to look after aud enfoico the peual and criminal
laws of the State.' It is apparent that thero has
botm too much neglect in this regard. I also most
respectfully suggest that you provide additional
means by law for the capture and bringing' to trial
of offenders. Whether this should be by tho organ-
ization of a police force in each county and such
other localities needing it, or in soule other way,
your wisdom will determine.
" I am profoundly impressed with tho urgent ne-
cessity of something being done to effectually check
and bt<-ak up theso disorders; and. the people of
Kentucky, in my opinion, demand and.expect this
Legislature to providetheir officers with additional
means to fcecuie such desirable end.
" I appeal to you, the honored representatives of a
generous constituency, to provide a remedy for these
evils. I feel rure that the people of Kentucky will,
in their patriotiodovotion to theircOuntry, their love
of order and good government, and their keen ap-
preciation of tho honor of the State, not only approve
your action in tho premises, but welcome any burden
such legislation may render necessary."
Sir, the wonder is we overlooked the State
of Kentucky when we passed this resolution
of inquiry originally. If the attention of the
House had been called to the language, u the
late insurrectionary States," -which is held
to exclude her, the resolution wotild have
been amended, and. the committee instructed
to extend their .inquiries into her. condition.
The fact that we did not inquire into her
condition last summer has emboldened -the
conspiracy in that State, and members of the
order are going from other States into Ken-
tucky, some out of North Carolina, where the
law is b^ing vigorously enforced under the civil
authorities. They go to Kentucky as a haven
of rest and safety for them. It has been the
misfortune of that State to be the refuge of
rebels since the war, when reconstruction
began, and the rebels in other States went into
Kentucky to eseape the military and escape
temporary disfranchisement, and, they have
overawed the Union men and taken possession
of the State. The authorities are powerless
or indifferent, the Legislature seems in sym-
pathy with tbe conspirators. They broke the
jail in Frankfort, the capital .of the State,
when the Legislature was., in, session, and
rescued Scroggins, a member of- their order,
who had been arrested for an. outrage. And
no justice hag.been done them for it; and,
so iar as I know, no punishment for Ku Klux
outrages has been had iu that State* Only
the other day we heard of a case .in a,«otfnty
almost on the Ohio river. Some of these men
went to a church where the colored people
were holding a fair, and when a colored
man objected to their violent proceedings,
they killed him. Again, the other day, not
far from the capital of tbe State, where a
wedding among the colored people was being
conducted, these men appeared and broke up
the ceremony.
Mr. BECK, (in his seat.) That last casei3
a mistake.
Mr. STEVENSON* They made a mistake
in doing it, the gentleman thiuks?
Mr. POLAND. I must resume tbe flpor.
Mr. STEVENSON. I have here a state-
ment of recent outrages which occurred in
South Carolina, which I submit in answer to
the charges of the gentleman that the Presi-
dent is proceeding upon stale cases. They
show that the conspiracy is yet active, and
in one of tho proclaimed counties actually
increasing.
The following outrages in York county oc-
curred subsequent to April 20, 1871 :
In April and May some twenty-fiye negroes
were whipped, and one negro's bouse was
burned. . .
In June, seven negroes and two white men
were whipped ,
In July one uegro was whipped and a school-
house torn down, aud the Ku Klux raided
twice upon a white man whom tbey did not
find ; and the same month, and the beginning
of August, raided twice upon another white
man.
In August the same school-house was torn
down again, having been rebuilt by the ne-
groes in the mean time.
In September, three Ku Klux outrages oc-
curred.
In September, six negroes were whipped in
Chester county—four men and two women.
December £3, 1871, a colored man was
whipped ijn Fairfield county.
December 20, a white man was whipped in
Laurens county.
December 15, a new Ku Klux. Klan organ-
ized in Laurens, county and whipped a negro
the.same, night,,
December 27, a .white man was whipped in
Fairfield county.
Mr. POLAND. I gave my colleague on the
committ.ee [$lr. Stkv.knson] the same time as
I gave the other side, and I do not think I
can consent to 'extend, it. 1 now move the
previous question. ■ , * .
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; the first question under
the operation thereof being, " Will the House
substitute the resolution offered by Mr. Bbce
for that reported by theeommitteeVM
The House divided; and there were—ayes
71, noes 85. (
Mr. BECK called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were prdeyfd.
The question "was taken; ancj it was decided
in the negative—yeas 84, nays 115, not voting
40; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Arthur, Barnum. Beck,
Bell, Biggs, Bird, Braxton, Bright, James Brooks,
Caldwell, Carroll,. Commgo, Conner, Cox* Crebs,
Crossland. Davis, T)ox, Da Bose, Puke, SMridge,
Forker, Henry D. Foster, Garrett. Getz, Goiladay,
Griffith, Haldeman, Ilambleton, Hancock,'Hand ley,
Hanks, Harper, John T£ Harris^ Hereford, Herndon,
Hibbard, Holmati; Kendall, Iterr, King, Lamison,
L§aoh, Lewis, Maason, McClelland^McC<WEHck, Mc-
