1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1495
the bill before me—is to strike out the provis-
ion in the House bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state for the information of the Senate
that the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was disagreed to in Committee
of the Whole, and now the Senate have con-
curred in the amendment made in Committee
of the Whole, so that the amendment of the
Committee on Appropriations stands rejected.
Mr. COLE, 1 do not so understood it.
This was an undetermined question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the
Senator from California state how he under-
stands it?
Mr. COLE. I understood we took a vote
on the question as to whether the recommend-
ation of the committee should be adopted or
not. The vote was upon concurrence with the
recommendation of the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. But the
question before the Senate was to concur in
the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On the statement of the
Chair, we did not make any amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. But the
Chair is informed that we made no amend-
ment, and it will be necessary for the Senator
from California, in order to accomplish his
purpose, after the other excepted amendments
have been acted upon, to renew this amend-
ment of the committee in the Senate. In
Committee of the Whole we made no amend-
ment to this clause, and therefore there is
nothing to concur in.
Mr. COLE. Exactly, and I will now move,
if the matter has not been determined, that the
recommendation of the Committee on Appro-
priations be concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will
be in order as soon as the other excepted
amendments are disposed of.
Mr. COLE. I will state right here for the
information of the Senator from Illinois that
the bill as it came from the House proposed to
increase the salaries of these officers to a very
considerable extent. The book of estimates
is made up on the basis of the appropriations
for former years, and according to the esti-
mates the captain of police would receive
SI,800, whereas, according to the bill as it
came to us from the House, his pay would be
$2,088. The pay of lieutenants of police,
according to the book of estimates, would be
$1,500 each, while by the bill as sent to us by
the House it would be $1,800, and so on down,
the salaries being raised by the House above
the estimates, I think, about twenty per cent.,
I have not estimated exactly the percentage
of increase, but at that rate. The Senate
Committee on Appropriations saw fit to put
them back to the same rates of compensation
as were allowed for former years, tbe same
rates that are recommended in the book of
estimates.
Mr. STEVENSON. I should like to in-
quire, is it proposed to disagree with the
Committee on Appropriations in their amend-
ments?
Mr. COLE. I believe not, but notice was
at that time given of a purpose to have a vote
upon it in the Senate. I believe the Commit-
tee of the Whole did not concur in the recom-
mendation of the committee. That is now my
recollection. I was before under a misappre-
hension in regard to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The recom-
mendation of the Committee on Appropria-
tions was not agreed to in Committee of the
Whole, and therefore there was nothing to
concur in, so far as that amendment was con-
cerned, when we caine into the Senate.
Mr. COLE, With this statement I will pass
to the other excepted amendments.
Mr. STEVENSON. I should like to ask
the Senator from California what he purposes
to do in regard to this clause?
Mr. COLE. I propose under the ruling of
the Chair, after we pass upon the other ex-
cepted amendments, to return to this clause,
and move that the salaries be put at the old
rate; that is, that the recommendation of the
Committee on Appropriations be adhered to.
The next reserved amendments on page 15,
line three hundred and forty-four.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to insert on page 15, line three hundred
and forty-four, after the word " dollars," the
following:
And all laws requiring the publication of the laws
and treaties in newspapers are hereby repealed.
Tbe PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands there was no action taken on that
question at all.
Mr. COLE. It was a reserved question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
in order to oS'er that amendment again when
the excepted amendments have been disposed
of. We are now considering those amend-
ments adopted in Committee of the Whole
upon which a separate vote was desired.
Mr. STEVENSON. That amendment was
not adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment was not concurred in in Committee of
the Whole. It was reserved to be moved in
the Senate.
Mr. STEVENSON. Is it in order to move
it now ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not.
We are now considering those amendments
made in the Committee of the Whole upon
which a separate vote is demanded.
Mr. COLE. I desire to take up these
amendments in the order in which I have
them on my memorandum. The next amend-
ment is on page 54, line thirteen hundred and
five. I hope the Senate will not concur in
that amendment of the committee.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to reduce the appropriation for contingent
expenses of the office ot the commissary gen-
eral from $6,000 to $5,000.
Mr. WEST. The motion of the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations, that the
Senate non-concur in this amendment reduc-
ing the appropriation from $6,000 to $5,000,
arises from information subsequently derived
from the commissary general to this effect:
$5,000 was given him last year, and he asks
that the sum be raised to $6,000 this year in
consideration of the fact that the commissary
geueral's office is about being removed from
tiie building it has occupied for the last ten
years at a rent of $3,300 to a building the
rent of which is $4,000. They are prevented
from continuing in the occupation of the
former building. This will merely give them
an additional $700 to pay the increased rent,
and $300 for the expense of removal. I hope
the Senate will concur in the views of the
chairman.
Mr. STEVENSON. I have no objection
to concurring in this amendment, though I
think even this is a bad precedent. The Gov-
ernment pays more rent than any two peo-
ple together would for the same house. In
the changing of this office, a dwelling-house
opposite La Fayette square, unfurnished, is
rented for $4,000. I have no idea that if a
private individual were to rent that house,
anybody would have asked more than $3,000.
Unless we put-a stop to public officials going
without authority and making these exorbitant
contracts for rent, the expenses of this Gov-
ernment will continue to increase until they
become frightful. I have no personal feeling
in tlie matter, and I do not desire to censure
anybody, but I do say that $4,000 for that house
opposite La Fayette square is a most exorbitant
rent.
Mr. COLE. I am not prepared to contro-
vert the statement of the Senator from Ken-
tucky: I rather incline to agree with him in
regard to the fact; but inasmuch as the con-
tract is entered into by the Department, I
suppose we have to provide for the payment
of the rent. I ask that the amendment be
non-concurred in for the reason stated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The question is on con-
curring in the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, reducing this item from
$6,000 to $5,000.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. COLE. The next excepted amendment
is on page 41, relating to clerks in the General
Land Office.
The Secretary read the amendment made as
in Committee of the Whole, which was on page
41, after line ten hundred and four, to insert
the following:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to ap-
point for service in the General Land Office during
the period of one year from the 1st day of July,
1872, forty clerks of class one, in addition to tne
number of clerks now authorized by law in said
bureau, $48,000.
Mr. VICKERS. Is it in order to amend that
amendment ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. VICKERS. Then I move to amend by
striking out what has been read and inserting
the following:
That the Secretary of the Treasury or any other
head of a Department is hereby authorized to detail
any surplus clerical force in his Department, not
exceeding forty clerks, to perform extra service in
the General Land Office.
Mr. POMEROY. If-1 understand that
amendment it is that the Secretary of the
Treasury may detail clerks. Does the Sen-
ator mean that the Secretary of the Treasury
may detail clerks to the Land Office?
Mr. VICKERS. I understood the Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron] yesterday
to say that there was a very large surplus of
clerks unemployed, and that they could be trans-
ferred from one Department to another with-
out employing forty additional clerks. That
is what the Senator from Pennsylvania said.
He is an old Senator, was once the head of a
Department, and ought to have some knowl-
edge on this subject; and it was in obedience
to ilie suggession contained in remarks that he
made that I have offered this amendment. If
there is a surplus of clerks in the Treasury
Department, let them be transferred to the
Interior Department.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask the Senator if he
has any information on that subject?  
Mr. VICKERS. Only what the Senator
from Pennsylvania said in his speech.
Mr. POMEROY. I read yesterday—I have
not the paper with me, though I have sent
for it and shall have it in a moment—a com-
munication from the Interior Department, in
which the Secretary states that there is a large
arrearage of work; that certain portions of
the work iu the Interior Department have
been behind for twenty years; that there are
six thousand volumes of patents, and the law
requires them to be indexed, and yet no index
has been made ; and if you go to the Inte-
rior Department to-day, and ask to trace out
the title to a single quarter section of land,
you are turned over to six thousand volumes,
and asked to look them through and find it,
because there is no index. He has twice recom-
mended that there be clerks enough employed
temporarily to bring up these arrearages.
Last year the subject was before us, but the
Senate took no action upon it. This year the
Secretary of the Interior, at the suggestion of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
has made a special recommendation. That
recommendation has been before the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, who have considered it
and reported a bill, and their report is what has
been adopted as an amendment in Committee
of the Whole on this bill—a provision for
employing temporary clerks to bring up the
arrears of that office. The number of clerks
authorized by law can do the current business
and keep the office in good running order if
the arrears of work that have been neglected
for twenty years be brought up. That was
what I read from the Secretary of the Interior
