1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ml
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Extension of Ku Klux Act—Mr. Morton.
Senate.
ruling the other has never existed in any form of
government, republican or monarchical, except by
force and eoei cion. There can bo neither sympathy
nor harmony in any polity where such antagonism
is attempted to be overcome by law. God's law is
higher than man's law. Man's puny statutes cannot
repeal or nullify the immutable ordinances of the
Almighty. Those whom God has separated let no
man join together. There can be no permanent par-
tition of power, nor any peaceable joint exercise of
power among such discordant bodies of men. One
or the other must have all or none. It is tho very
acme of folly and fanaticism to suppose, in this day
of enlightenment and its consequent pride of feel-
ing among the superior race, that there can be a re-
production of the ancient fable of tying the living
and the dead together without causing death to
both. Who would have dreamed fifteen years ago,
what high est and most far-seeing intellect among the
great men who established this Government upon
the basis of homogeneity of race and color, could
have imagined that in the first century of its exist-
ence African freedmen, of the lowest type of ignor-
ance and brutality, would rule a soverign State of
the Union, and be the arbiters of the rights and
property of a race who have ruled the destinies of
nations ever since government, was known among
men 'I Such a state of things may last so long as the
party shall last which had the power and audacity
to inaugurate it, and no longer. Butwhenever that
party shall go down, as go down it will at some time
not long in the future, that will be the end of the
political power of the negro among whito men on
this continent."
Mr. MORTON. I especially call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the concluding passage
which has been read. "But whenever that
party," meaning the Republican party, '* shall
go down, as go down it will at some time not
long in the future, that will be the end of the
political power of the negro among white men
on this continent." That is a worse thing
than ever I said about the Democratic party.
That justifies all I have said and more.
There are in this extract that has been read
three distinct propositions evolved—
First, that no Government can long exist
half white and half black.
Second, that the partition of power between
the whites and blacks by giving to the blacks
equal political rights is a violation of God's
law.
Third, that in the event of the" overturning
of the Republican party the negro will be
deprived of all political rights and power upon
this continent.
The language is not mine; the language is
that of the lepresentatives of the Demociatic
party in Congress, distinguished and able men
who know whereof they speak. Here is the
declaration that if they shall come to power
and we shall pass out, these amendments and
these high statutes which have secured equal
political rights to the negro will be overturned,
and that the political power of the negro is at
an end upon this continent.
God help the South when it accepts the
advice of the Democratic party. That party,
I may say in the light of the truth of history,
has been the curse of the South ; and it is now
advised by that party that in case the Repub-
licans shall pass out of power and another
party shall come in, that event will terminate
the political power of the negro upon this con-
tinent. That is like the platform of 1808 ; it
is an invitation to violence and bloodshed, to
revolution. It is going back; it is reaction-
ary; it is revolutionary; it is ante helium in
its character. Talk about '• accepting the sit-
uation," talk about the old ashes being buried,
when here is the avowal of doctrines which if
they were not signed by honorable men I
should say were atrocious and infamous.
Mr. Present, running through that whole
report of the minority is this doctrine, that the
colored people must leave this continent or
they must perish. You find that substantially
stated in many places. It, was so stated upon
this floor the other da,y by the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Blair,] that they cannot live
together,, and that the black man must leave
or he must perish. Sir, I cannot express my
abhorrence for that doctrine, and that it should
be avowed at this day after all that has ^
and after the history of the last ten years.
Before concluding I must notice what was
said by the Senator from Delaware this after-
noon about some lynch law in Indiana. He
said, reading from a charge delivered by Judge
Dunham in the court in Clark county, Indiana,
two or three mouths ago, that thirteen men
had been hung by a mob in Indiana, I do not
know about the number. I believe there have
been ten or a dozen. However, the reference
is unfortunate. The last four men, I believe,
were black men; the others were white men.
They were notorious thieves and robber's who
had long eluded justice. There was nothing
political in it. I will vindicate the people of
Jackson and of Clark counties. I say in the
hanging of those men there was nothing polit-
ical The last four men who were hung in
Clark county were colored men. There had
been a family murdered in Clark county in the
country. One morning a whole family was
found dead, cut to pieces with an axe. Sus-
picion was fastened upon three or four colored
men. They were arrested and put into jail.
A mob proceeded to the jail and took them
out and hung them. It afterward came to be
believed that the colored men were innocent,
that the ring-leaders of the mob, the men who
had excited the mob and who led it 011 to
that terrible murder, had themselves murdered
that family. It was a double and a dreadful
murder.
After those men were hung an attempt was
made to fasten suspicion and odium upon the
colored people of Clark county generally. It
is right across the Ohio river from Louisville.
There were a good many colored people in
that county. Latterly they had largely in-
creased, and notices were served 011 a good
many of them to leave the county. I will not
say there was anything peculiar in that. I think
there was not; but I will say this, that the two
counties in which these executions took place
were strong Democratic counties and locally
were under Democratic influence; but I do
not intimate that there was anything political
in it. I think there was not. According to my
information the murderers of that family in
Claik county threw suspicion on the colored
people, and thus aided in another terrible mur-
der ; but even that may not be so.
Mr. President, my attention has been called
by the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Cakpek-
mk] to Mr. Buchanan's message, and I will
read an extract from it in corroboration of
what I said awhile ago. In his message of
the 4th of December, 1860, he said:
" The question fairly stated is, has the Consti-
tution delegated to Congress the power to coerce a
State into submission which is attempting to with-
draw, or has actually withdrawn, from the confed-
eracy? If answered in the affirmative, it must be
on the principle that the power has been conferred
upon Congress to declare and to make war against a
State. Af'termuoh seiious reflection I have arrived
at the conclusion that no such power has been del-
egated to Congress or to any other department of
the Bederal Government. It is manifest upon an
inspection of tho Constitution, that this is not
among the specific and enumerated powers granted
to Congress ; and it is equally apparent that its
exeicise is not 'necessaiy and proper for carrying
into execution ' any one of these powers. So far
from this power having been delegated to Congress,
it was expressly refused by the Convention which
framed the Constitution." * * * *
" Without descending to particulars, it may be
safely asserted that the power to make war against
a State is at variance with the whole spirit and in-
tentof the Constitution. Suppose such a war should
result m the conquest of a State, how are we to gov-
ern it afterwards? Shall we hold it as a province
and govern it by despotic power? In the nature of
things, we could not. by physical force, control the
will of the people and compelthem to elect Senators
and Representatives to Congiess, and to peiforui all
the other duties depending upon their own volition
and required from the free citizens of a free State as
a constituent member of the confederacy."
Mr. President, every word of this message
that I have read cost the lives of a thousand
men. This message is stained with the blood
of hundreds of thousands. It made that rebel-
lion easy. It contributed more than anyother
cause, sustained as it was by the Democratic
party, to draw the South on into that fatal
leap which has resulied in their overthrow and
in all our woe. The Senator from Ohio is
usually an accurate and able lawyer, but in
this instance he whs utterly mistaken^ and the
broad declaration that his parly, of which he
is so distinguished a membeVj is chiefly respons-
ible for that terrible war, cannot he gainsaid
iu the light of history.
Air. President, as I before remarked, I am
a belter friend of the Souih than the men who
give such advice as is contained iu the minority
report. 1 am a better friend of the South than
was the man who wrote and sent that message
to Congress in 1800. I will give the South
advice that I regard as good. Let them crush
out the Ku Klux. No Ku Klux has ever been
punished in a State court. My, friend from
Mississippi, [Mr. Alcorn,] last night, anxious
as he was, and I can sympathize with that
sentiment, 10 vindicate his State, arid to vin-
dicate the courts of the South, could refer lo
no instance. No, sir, among the thousands
and tens of thousands ofcriminals not one has
been punished by the State courts. Let the
people of the South crush out the Ku Klux;
let them bring them to justice; let Wade
Hampton make up money to prosecute, not
to defend them ; let, the South invite immi-
gration ; let her cease this insane howl about
carpet-baggers and scalawags ; let her extend
the right hand of fellowship and of good feel-
ing to the people of the North, and invite im-
migrants to come from every State and from
Europe, and from all the world, and fell her
forests and cultivate her plains and employ
her water-power, to do her manufacturing,
and then she will flourish.
Do not advise the .South, Mr. President,
that reconstruction is void; do not advise
them that the amendments are null and void ;
and above all do not advise the South that
when the Republican party passes out of
power (lie negro will be stnpped of all his
political rights, and remanded back to a con-
dition of servitude. M<-n of the South, do not
be deceived by that. You have been deceived
by this party too often. All the fair apples
that this party has presented to \ou have
turned to ashes and to blood upon your lips.
These men have done nothing hut harm you ;
they can do you 110 good. That, party, ag
long as it lasts, cannot help you. If you seek
help yon must find it in other quarters.
Mr. President, when the State governments
of the South protect their people, when they
give security "for life, liberty, and property,
then Congiess will not, intervene ; there will be
no occasion for it. 1 call upon you togive the
Republican party credit for patriotic motives,
credit for trying to do good, to preserve the
peace and tbe prosperity ot the nation. When
peace shall be restored under your own laws,
by your own courts, then there will be no oc-
casion for the interference of Congress and
for the exeicise of those high constitutional
powers that have been reposed in this Govern-
ment. What we want is peace. " Let us
have peace" is our prayer; and how shall we
get it? Not by advising the South to a new
rebellion, not by advising her to a new revolu-
tion against the colored people^ not by advis-
ing her that the Republicans of the North are
her enemies; but "let us have peace" by the
protection of men of all classes without regard
to sect, color, or previous condition.
Mr. President, when the South shall act
upon that principle we shall have peace and
she will start forward in a career of prosperity,
of power, and of glory of which she never
dreamed before the war.
