1872.
THE CONGRESSIONA L GLOBE.
4183
sas, to report it back favorably with an amend-
ment, and I ask that it be put on its passage
cow.
Mr. RTOE. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The Senator
from Arkansas objects, and the bill will be
placed <>n the Calendar.
Mr. FEIiRY, ot Connecticut, from the Com-
mittee on Patents, to whom were referred cer-
tain petitions of citizens of the United States
in different, States against the extension of the
A. B. Wilson sewing-machine parents, asked
to be discharged from their further consider-
ation, the petitioner, A. B. Wilson, having
obtained leave of the Senate to withdraw his
papers.
The committee were discharged.
MRS. R. A. KENNBDY.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Committee on N"aval
Affairs, to whom was ref-ired the bill (H. li.
No. for the relief of Mrs. li. A. Kennedy,
have instructed me to report it back without
amendment, and recommend its passage. This
is a very small bill appropriating about seven
hundred dollars. The claim is vety just and
mei uoriuus, and I ask that it be put upon its
passage.
By unanimous consent., the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, it directs the Secietary of the
ISavy to piy to Mrs. R. A Kennedy a sum
no? exceeding STtfU. ui pavment of naval stores
deliveted at the Go«port n-ivy-yard by R A.
Kennedy in 1801, and for which payment has
Hot been made.
The bill was reported to the Sena'e without
amendment, ordered to a thud reading, read
the third time, and passed.
MAIiTiN F UK KM AN.
Mr. CRAGIN". The Committee on Naval
Afl'a'r-i. to whom was referred the bill (li. R.
Mo. 28b1.*! fur the relief of Martin Freeman,
have had the same under c msidera!ion, and
instructed me to report it back without amend-
ment, ami ask tor its pas^a^e. 1 will stat^ that
Maitm Ki ei'inati was the pilot of Adumal Far-
r> irut, and thi.s bill proposes to pay htm foi h'S
fishing-smack, which was taken before he
entered the service of the United States. It
is recommended by Admiral Farragut, and is
a mo.->i jusr and meritorious case. 1 ask for
its piestnt consideration.
'Ihere being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of ihe Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It authorizes the Secretary of the
Wavy to pay to Martin Freeman, owner of the
schooner Delight, for her loss in the service
of the United States, the sum of $6,000, out
ot any money hetetofjre, or which may here-
after be, appropriated for the purchase of
vessels and equipment, which sum, if received,
is to be m I'i It of allclauns by Freeman against
the I'mred States.
The hill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a thud reading, read
the third time, and passed.
THOMAS ALLEN.
Mr. CASSEFILY. I ask the Senate to take
up Senate bill No. 420. 1 wi.l state that this
is the only piivate claim that has ever been
befoie the Committee on Printing, which has
repotted in favor of it over and over, and it
lias passed m one House time after time, but
never m both Houses at the same session.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 42U) lor the relief of
Thomas Alien, it direcs the Secretary ot the
Treasury to pay to Thomas Allen $27,730 03,
in lull compensation tor printing twenty thou-
sand copies of the compendium of the sixth
census of the United States, and furnishing
the materials theiefor, by order of the Secre-
tary of State.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to beengrossed for athird
reading, read the third time, and passed.
BAKK JISWBSS.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I ask the
Senate to take up Senate bill No. 1144, re-
ported from the Committee on Commerce.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 1144) to give to the bark
Jewess an Atneiican register. It proposes to
relieve the bark Jewess, built in Chelsea, Mas-
sachusetts. in 1803, and now owned by Morris
Ketehum, a citizen of Connecticut, from any
disabilities imposed upon the vessel by reason
of an act of Congress entitled "An act to
regulate the regfisteiing of vessels," passed
Febtuary 10, 18G6 ; and the owner of the bark
is to be emitled to register the vessel, and to
obtain a certificate thereof upon his comply-
ing with the usual requirements of law.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third tune, and passed.
VACANCIES IN TKIUUTOIUAL OFFICES.
Mr. NYE. I am directed by the Committee
on Terri oties, to whom was referred the bill
(bi. li. No. 2632) to provide for filling vacan-
cies in certain offices in the several Teniiories,
to report it back wii h an amendment j audi
ask for its piesent consideration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It provides that whenever m any of the
Territories a vacancy shall happen during the
lecess of the legislative council in any office
which under the organic act of the Territory
is io 1>h tilh d by appointment of the Governor,
by and with the advice and consent of the
council, the Governor shall fill up such vacancy
by granting a commission, which shall expire
at the end of the next session of the legisla-
tive council.
The Committee on Territories reported the
bill with an amendment, to insert alter the
word 4* happen," in hue four, the words
''from resignation or death."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bi:l was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. It
was oidered that the amendment be engrossed
and the bill read a thud time. The bill was
read the third tune, and passed.
INDIANS OF CENTRAL SUPELUNTENDENCY.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I am directed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 1175) for the relief
of certain Indians in the central supermtend-
eticy, to report it back with amendments; and
1 ask the unanimous consent of the Seuate
that it be taken up and acted upon now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
Its preamble recites that the members of
the tribe of Ottawa Indians of Biauchard^s
Fork and Roche de Bceuf have presented their
petition, earnestly requesting that a sale be
made of their lands, premises, assets, and
other property in the State of Kansas, anil
that the proceeds thereof be distributed in sev-
eralty to the piesent members of said tribe,
their heirs or assigns; therefore the biU pro-
poses to direct the Secretary of the Interior to
have an inventory taken oi ail the lands and
appurtenances thereto appertaining remaining
unsold, mentioned in the sixth article of the
treaty between the United States and that
tribe of Indians, concluded June 24, 1802, and
proclaimed July 28, 1862, or acquired, held,
or controlled under authority conferred by that
article, including any lands formerly trust
lands belonging to the tribe, purchased and
held by the trustees provided form the article,
together also with the section ot land reserved
under the provisions of the article far the
location of a school and the appurtenances
thereto appertaining; also, of all bonds, notes,
mortgages^ moneys, credits, assets, and other
property arising from sales heretofore made
of lands mentioned in the sixth article of the
treaty, or fiom sale of lands purchased by the
trustees piovided for therein, aud the lands,
premises, appurtenances, bonds, notes, mort-
gages, credits, assets, and other property are
to be inventoried and appraised by three com-
missioners appointed by the Secietaryof the
Interior. Aiter the inventory and appra'se-
ment of the property the Secretary of the
Interior is required forthwith to advertise aud
sell the same upon such terras and conditions
as he may prescribe; but no bid shall be
accepted which may be less than ihe appraised
value of the property. The commissioners
shall at the time of making the appraisement
also ascertain, determine, and report to the
Secretary of the Interior any legal or equitable
interest which any person, association, or
corporation may have in any part of the lands
and piemises, or in any of the buildings or
appurtenances thereto, togetherwith the value
thereof, and from the proceeds of such sales,
with the consent and concurrenceof the mem-
bers of the tribe, their heirs or assigns, the
Secretary of the Interior shall pay over tosuch
party, association, or corporation the value of
such interest, and the balance of the proceeds
of such sales shall be paid to the seveial mem-
bers of the tribe, thtir heirs or assigns, pro
rata.) and in case any of the members, of ihe
tribe arc minors, then such suras of money as
are due or coming to them from such proceeds
shall b« paid to theguudian of suchmiiiO'S
appointed under the laws of the Slate of
Kansas.
The Committee on Indian Affairs reported
an amendment in line twenty nine, section
one, after the word "same," to insert k'iu par-
cels not exceeding one section to any one per-
son;" aud ut line thirty-three, after the word
"property," to strike out down to and includ-
ing the word ^ of "'in line forty-three, as fol-
io ws:
The said commissioners heroin provided for shall
at the time ot making the said appraisement also
rtMjei tarn, determine, mid report to ihe Secretin y of
the interior any legal or equitable mtcieht winch,
any person, association, or coi poratiou may have in.
any part ot said lands and premises, or in any of
the building* or appurtenances thereto, together
with the value thereot, and trom the proceeds of
such sales, with the consent and coneuirem e of tho
members ol said tribe, their heirs or aligns, the
Secret h ryot the Interior sIm) 1 p.iy over to such party,
association, or corporation, the Value of such interest
and the balance ot.
The amendment was agreed to*
Mr. BOK&UAN. I ask to have the first
part of the bill read again.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I thall be very hsppy
to give any explanation needed, not exceed-
ing one minute.
Mr. BUKEMAN. 1 do not tmderafand it.
I>oes that article of the treaty authorize this
proceed i fig ?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The bill isreported
by the Committee on Indian Affairs, it 13
simply to depose of lands in Kansas under the
direction of the StcreUry of the Interior.
Those lands were reserved for the Ottawa
Indians for educational purposes. The tribe
has dissolved j they have become citizens;
they have left Kansas? they have gone into
the Indian territory ; and this is a bill provid-
ing for the sale ol the lands leti, behind them,
aud to divide the pi oceeds among the Indians,
The bill was reported to the .Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed lor
a third reading, read the third lime, aud passed,
ALBERT 1). PIKRCti.
Mr. CALDWELL. I desire io call up Sen-
ate bill No. 538. I think if i shall be heard
half a minute, there will not be any objection
to the bill. It only involves $25 00.
By unanimous 'consent, the Set.ate, as
Committee of ihe Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 538) for the relief of
Albert D. Fierce, postmaster at Sumnerviile,
Ottawa county, Kansas. a direction to
the Auditor ot the Treasury for the Post Office
