THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
-Appropriations were unanimous in leaving it
out of this bill. I think I need say nothing
more than to state the single fact that since
the 31st of March, 1861, up to the present
lime, or from the last year that anything was
done there, the total coinage at this branch
mint was bfttt$70,680._ .
Mr. COUP. \V'e do not ask for a. mint, but
only for an assay office.
: Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I know that;
but thete ijras nothing given for it last year,
and there has been lio one before the Com-
mittee on Appropriations this year asking for
this appropriation.
Mr. cOTIjER, of Tennessee. I trust this
amendment will be adopted.
'' The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the pending
amendment'has been exhausted.
'' Mr. BOTLER, of Tennessee. I move to
amend pro forma by striking out the last
word. While this branch mint is not located
in my district, still my constituents are very
inuch interested in it. The work there is just
reviving. There are developments in that
region over which there is more excitement
tjujre pppn the subject of mining than there
has been at any time before for twenty years.
Every person in that section of country is
excited upon the subject of raining;'new dis-
coveries are being made there every day.
This'establishment is in the midst of a devas-
tated country, and this appropriation is but a
small pittance asked at the hands of this Con-
gress. This is an old institution, and notwith-
standing the showing that only some seventy
thousand dollars has been coined there lately,
it is still of much importance to that region of
country. The expense of this appropriation
ia but trifling; it will cost the Government but
little, and it will encourage the people there.
I trust the amendment will prevail, and that
Congress will give this little boon that is
asked for the benefit of the devastated coun-
try down there.
Mr. COJBB. Mr. Chairman, yesterday this
House appropriated nearly seven hundred
thousand dollars—more than six hundred and
ninety-eight 'thousand dollars—for the mints
ip, the North and Northwest; andif geutlemen
will notico the bill before us they will observe
that the minta and .assay offices at the South
 re Quitted entirely. We come to-day from
North Car-oliniiij.witliiM which there is now no
Gnverjiment -building except this mint at
Charlotte, asking for $4,800 in order to con-
tinue the assay; office at that place. The
amount we ask is less than a hundredth part
of the aggregate appropriation made yesterday
for mints in the North and the Northwest. I
dm sorry i have not before me the statistical
details in regard to the mint at Charlotte; but 1
learn from a most reliable source, from gen-
tlemen residing in that section of North Caro-
lina, that the mining interests of the State 1i y«
recently—within the last, few mouths—received
anewinjpulse; that inquiry is directed thither-
ward by gentlemen who want to engage in this
class of industry. It is a matter of geograph-
ical history that there are forty or fifty counties
in .Tennessee, aodin North and South Carolina,
which ,ara largely gold-producing counties-
Extraordinary discoveries of gold having been
Wade there from 1828 to 18-31, this mint was
established in 1835, and was used as a mint
until v«ry recently. The mining people of
North Carolina are at a disadvantage com-
pared' with those carrying on this pursuit in
the Northwest. Our miners are not associated
in com patties, but as individuals carrying on
mining for themselves. If the assay offi&e at
Charlotte be discontinued, there will be no
assay office within their reach south of Phila-
delphia,and consequently they, will be defraud-
ed qua of a, large share of the just, and honest
result^ of their toil, because speculators and.
traders will go there and buy-from them theior
bullion, a^d when it is sold without an assayed
value, the result must be detrimental to the
mineral They woald iuvaiiably suffer loss.
* Mr. MAYNARD. I appeal to gentlemen
of the House to sustain me in the statement
that in acting upon applications which may
be considered of a local character, I, and those
with whom I have been most intimately asso-
ciated in my region of country, have exercised
the largest liberality, and have been entirely
free from anything like sectional bias, or a
tendency to' oppose a measure because it did
not belong to our immediate locality. The
section of country now under consideration
has been a large gold-producing region, and
was at one time greatly worked, there having
been originally two mints. The discovery,
however, of the gold mines on the Pacific
directed public attention to that quarter, and
caused a rush of miners in that direction.
Since that time these mints have been rela-
tively of less importance, and the mines have
not been worked as they formerly were. Still,
as has been said by my friend from North
Carolina, [Mr. Cobb,] in several counties of
North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, and
Tennessee, (in my own district among others,)
the work of mining has been constantly going
on. During the last Congress we thought it
proper for some reason to abandon to the
State of Georgia the mint building at Dah-
lonega. The mint at Charlotte is the only one
left fbr the purpose of assaying the ores pro-
duced from the various mines I have named.
The amendment proposes a small appropria-
tion of three or four thousand dollars for the
purpose of maintaining at that point an assay
office, and an assay office alone. It does seem
to me that to refuse this appropriation would
be a great hardship, not to say a great injus-
tice, to those humble miners who, while they
may not have invested large amounts in their
business, are still dependent on mining for
their livelihood. It appears to me that the
poor pittance now asked for continuing the
work of assaying in their neighborhood is a
very small boon, and one which the Govern-
ment of the United States ought to grant.
Mr. DAWES. Is debate exhausted?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. DAWES. I had, Mr. Chairman, yester-
day occasion to say that what tho miner needed
was an assay office, and gave some reason for it,
which geut lemen from tho Pacific coast deemed
pot to be true. I have occasion to repeat that
beyond an assay office is a positive disadvan-
tage to the wirier. An assay office, where there
is any considerable production of the precious
metals, is absolutely necessary to the devel-
opment of the mining interests, just as water
power is necessary to the development pf a
manufacturing establishment. Everything that
facilitates the realization to the miner of the
most he can make from his products is an
advantage to hitn, but beyond that point is a
posiiive disadvantage; and to the miner an
assay office that will turn, without trouble and
without cost to bim, crude bullion into stamped
bullion, is furnishing him with the greatest
positive advantage.. Bullion is worth more
than coin. I have here, sir, a'statement from
the last quotation of the value of bullion and
the value of coin for exportation. Take $20,000
of bullion and $20,000 of coin, and you will
find bullion is woith in the foreign market
ninety-one and some odd cents. You can
take bullion,. ship it, and get it coined for
nothing. You have to pay one half of one
per cent, to have it coined here.
Then there is the difference in. the weight,
the difference in the alloy. Coin is reckoned
by counting, and bullion by its actual value.
Then there is the difference which is allowed
in the market for abrasion and the various
elements which enter into the current market
price aa compared with coin. It-is no help to
the miner to establish a mint-down by his side..
It is a help to establish an assay office. It is
no more help to them to have the bullion after
being' assayed coined than it is to men ten
thousand miles off, for the miner does not use
that coin. It is taken after it is coined by the
United States, which is the sovereign power
over the coinage of the country, which puts it
into its vaults, and transfers it where it is
desired to distribute it. But bullion is an arti-
cle of merchandise, bought up at a premium by
those who seek it as an article of export. It
is purchased as any other article of merchant
dise is purchased. So far as there is a pro-
duction of metal to justify the setting up of
an assay office, in my opinion, it should be
done; but there should be no more mints.
There should be less of this sort of establish-
ments, and had it not been for the fact that it
was an original question yesterday,. I should
have gone for changing the office at Carson
City into an assay office.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Before the gentle-
man sits down let me ask him this question:
Is the gentleman for or against this proposi-
tion?
Mr. DAWES. I do not think it was neces-
sary for the gentleman to ask that question.
He can understand, I think, what I have said,
and if so, he must know that I favor this
proposition. If I have not been able to make
myself understood by that gentleman, of course
it is my misfortune.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I understood you
yesterday to speak against the proposition,
and then vote for it.
Mr. SARGENT. I understand the amend-
ment is withdrawn, and I renew it for the pur-
pose of saying a few words. I do not desire
to prolong this debate, but as I understand my
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] takes
exception to the position stated by me on this
question yesterday, I shall make only one or
two remarks in reply. The gentleman says
that abrasion reduces the value of coin. Upon
old coins, where the abrasion would cause them
to be of less value, of course that is true ; but
the coin the miner receives from the mint is
new, and as there is no abrasion, of course
there is no loss on that account. Therefore
that element must be taken out of the gentle-
man's calculation. If a miner desires to pur-
chase a piece of land, or to purchase cloth-
ing or food for himself and family, to pay the
expense of labor he employs, of water, &c., I19
is compelled to pay in coin. In making pur-
chases or payments he cannot use bullion. If
he sells his bullion for that purpose he receives
under the most favorable circumstances only
the assay value. If the bullion contains a
large amount of alloy, the amount of coin he
receives is decreased in the same proportion.
If it approaches the standard of purity, which
makes it of moro value than com, so that it
will receive alloy in coinage, then he receives
the amount of coin it is worth, and more, per-
haps, than its weight in eoin. But it comes
right down to the same proposition. The
miner in San Francisco, for instance, is com-
pelled, by- his necessities, when he sells his
bullion, to receive coin for it, and he receives
American coin, and is charged for it what it
costs to coin it. He can only sell for coin or for
greenbacks, allowing for the discount. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is
correct In stating that for exportation-merely,
when it js to be recoined in foreign coun-
tries, and where, by a wise provision of law, no
coinage charge is made, it is advantageous in
that case to export bullion. But the mint is
intended to be for the benefit of the miners
themselves. As they must have coin for their
business, to pay their expenses, generally close
to the whole product, if, to get the coin, they
must pay for shipment to a distant mint and
back.. with cost of insurance, &c., it is evident
it is better for them to have the coining don-©
an the^ sp.ot, and save these costs.. So my
friend is incorrect in his theory, while right in
some of his facts.
It would be good policy for this country, and
an advantage for its commercial interests, very
far in advance of the amount which it receives
from a coinage cfaargiej if this- charge at the
mints were abolished. We would then be able
