1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1497
not the committee organized by the body to
ascertain the wants of the different Depart-
ments, but that the different Departments, in
reference to clerical force and other matters
pertaining to their business, communicate
through the special committees appointed for
that purpose, and they are the judges of the
necessity of legislation to carry out the rec-
ommendations of the Departments, and not
the Committee on Appropriations. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations judge of the neces-
sity of the regular appropriations and special
appropriations provided for by law. I do not
think the Committee on Appropriations have
been slighted in this matter.' I do not think
the Secretary of the Interior intended any dis-
respect to that committee by not sending the
bill to that committee. He sent it to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, with which he usually
communicates in regard to matters in the
Land Office; and if it had been upon Indian
affairs, if he wanted more clerks in the Indian
office, he would have sent his communication
to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and they
would have considered the subject and judged
of it, and, if they recommended it, it would
be then a proper subject for an amendment on
au appropriation bill.
Now, I only want to say that the Secretary
of the Interior pursued the usual course. He
first got a communication from the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office. He consid-
ered that, and, adopting it, sent it here to the
Senate. It was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands. They considered th.e proposi-
tion and unanimously thought that the Secre-
tary of the Interior should have the force that
he wanted, that he thought was necessary,
and in that way it got upon this appropriation
bill. If I thought there was any disrespect to
the Committee on Appropriations in this I
would withdraw the amendment. I am not
here to show any disrespect to anycommittee,
but it is -on this appropriation bill in the regu-
lar way, and, according to the ruling of the
Chair, it was put on in order. Now, I ask
that the Senate, considering the recommenda-
tion of the Department, and that the matter
has been examined by the proper committee,
will sustain what was done in Committee of
the Whole yesterday, and that was to allow
the clerks temporarily that the Secretary of
the Interior asks for.
Mr. COLE. 'It is not a matter of complaint
on the part of the Committee on Appropria-
tions that there has been any want of respect
shown to them; it is a matter of propriety
and safety ; and the course of business in this
body is involved in this question. Here is an
appropriation asked for without any reference
of the question being made to the committee'
that has the subject of appropriations in
charge. Now, let us understand the position
of this case as it is.
As was stated by my colleague on the com-
mittee, the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Ste-
venson,] the Department has not estimated
for any of this force in the regular book of
estimates. I state further, that the committee
allowed them all the force that they estimated
tor, all that they asked for in the regular way.
I will add here that in the land department there
are now one hundred and fifty clerks, beside
messengers, assistant messengers, and labor-
ers, amounting to a dozen or two dozen per-
sons more. There is as much force already
employed in that Department as the Govern-
ment has afforded room for; and if^this addi-
tional force is authorized it will involve _ the
necessity inevitably of renting more buildings
in which to employ them.
Mr. POMEROY. I have investigated that
point. There is nothing in it.
Mr. COLE. There is great complaint in
that Department now that there is not room,
and they are actually renting buildings out-
side. They are renting the Seaton House
building in order that the Department may
accommodate its clerks.
Mr. POMEROY. I undertake to say that
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
is renting no buildings outside, no Seaton
House. It is the Pension Bureau and the
office of Indian Affairs that are outside.
Mr. COLE. The Interior Department is
not divided up among these bureaus by any
rule. There is no line across the halls sep-
arating one bureau from the other. If a par-
ticular bureau requires a large proportion of
the building, of course there is less room for
another bureau. I state that the force em-
ployed iQ the Interior Department not only
occupies so much of the immense Patent Office
building as is devoted to the use of clerks and
employes, but it is driyen to the necessity of
renting many buildings outside at great rent,
and I say now, without any fear of successful
contradiction on the part of the Senator from
Kansas, or anybody else, that if these_ forty
additional clerks are authorized, it will in-
volve the necessity of hiring other buildings
outside in which to put them to do their work.
Mr. President, there is another point which
should not be lost sight of. The appropria-
tions for this bureau during a series of years
were not used up, and there was a large sur-
plus fund only two or three years ago accumu-
lated in the bureau, amounting, if I remem-
ber correctly, to $300,000. There was enough
opportunity, if there had been any necessity
for clerical labor on the part of that Depart-
ment, to use that fund. Its head did not see
fit to do so, and I infer from that that the work
.cannot be very far behind. I stated yesterday
that the present head of the Land Bureau is
working up very rapidly, that he is getting
the business into better condition than it was
before he came hi, and I have been shown a
comparative statement of the progress of busi-
ness under him and its progress during for-
mer years ; and it is very creditable indeed to
the present head of the bureau. He is work-
ing up the business of that office rapidly ; and
I have but little doubt that within a reason-
able time that portion of the business which is
now behind, if .there be any—and 1 _ do not
.doubt that there may oe -one part of it some-
what in arrears yet-—it will be worked up in a
little while. I think this irregular way of
providing forty additional clerks, besides the
•one hundred and fifty and upward that are
now employed there, ought not to be acqui-
esced in by the Senate. I hope the amend-
ment will be disagreed to.
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. President, I have no
feeling on this subject so far as the respect paid
to committees by this recommendation is con-
cerned. I happen to be a member of the Ap-
propriation Committee, and also of the Public
Lands Committee, and, therefore, I can sus-
tain my own committee by voting either way.
That being the fact, I propose to vote for what
I believe to be absolutely necessary for the
transaction of the business of this Govern-
ment. My attention has been called to this
subject very frequently. Having much to do
with the settlement of our public lands, my
own being a new State, I have had occasion to
notice the operations of the General Land
Office very often, and I know that that de-
partment is very much in arrears. I believe
that this increase of force is necessary. _ I
think that every Senator present agrees with
me that the settlement, population, and im-
provement of our public lands is of vast import-
ance. I believe we are all agreed in the advo-
cacy of any policy that will tend to the settle-
ment and development of our great public
domain. Some of us are opposed to land
grants to railroads because we want settlers to
have these lands. Now, if we desire to en-
courage the Settlement of these lands, let us
give to the office that has to do with their set-
tlement all the necessary force that may be
called for in order to promote their settlement.
I know that in many instances patents are sev-
eral years behind, and that it is a very great
inconvenience, and often a great loss to set-
tlers, that it should be so. Believing fhis in-
crease of force to be necessary, I am ijj favor
of granting it to the Secretary of the Interior.
We are told that we shall h^.ve to hire build-
ings for these forty clerks. I do not know how
that is. There is no suggestion pf that kind
from the Secretary of the Interior, ^nd I ap-
prehend that it will not be necessary, They
are only for a temporary service, and during
this year I have no doubt they can IjB accom-
modated in the rooms now occupied by the
land department; but even if additional room?
were necessary I should, for the sapjg reason
that I vote for increasing the number of clerks,
vote to give them the room necessary to dp the
work in order that it may be brought jjp.
We are told that this office cannot be much
behind in its business, because $300,000 were
a few years ago returned to the Treasury frpm
the land department. If so, Mr. President,
they are asking for but a very small portion pf
what they have heretofore returned, and I
think that if $48,000 will bring them up we .
should be willing to allow that amount put of
what has been already brought back intp the
Treasury. I believe that a portion of it should
have been used heretofore, and I am very
anxious that it should now be placed at th,e
disposal of the Land Office, in order that the
settlement of our public lands may not be
hindered by the fact that business in the
department is so far behindhand.
Mr. HILL: I will state to the Senate that
I accidentally inet the Secretary pf the Inte-
rior this morning. I had not in view this sub-
ject at all in my intercourse with him, but it
occurred to me to ask him as to the absolute
necessity of these clerks, and I may add that
the Senator from Minnesota who has just
addressed the Senate was present and heard
the response of the Secretary. He said that he
wished the Senate could only see the condition
of the Land Office here, what an amount of
labor had been performed there since the
present head of the office had gone into it,
with an inadequate force, and see also the
condition of it now, the amount of labor
necessary to be done, and that cannot be
performed with the present clerical force in a
reasonable time.
I suggested to him that as he was a member
of the Administration it was hardly to be be-
lieved that as we were approaching a presi-
dential election he would be very anxious to
increase the public expenditures, to which he
said that he. would of course be very far from
desiring to do so, and would not even recom-
mend anything unless it was something that
he thought was unavoidable, that there was
too much sacrifice of public interest to forego.
I mention these facts because I think they
ought to have weight with the Senate. I h.ave
no feeling in the world about this matter and
no interest in it; but I think if the Govern-
ment needs these additional clerks in the Land
Office they ought to be provided for.
There seems to be brought up here a mat-
ter of legislative etiquette, about which .there
seems to be a good deal of feeling. We
have been told that the Committee on Public
Lands should first consider the measure and
present a bill, and that that bill should after-
ward be submitted to the Committee on Appro-
priations. I think myself that is a sort of
circumlocution that it is unnecessary to go
through with. It must sometimes happen
that there are matters overlooked and for-
gotten that ought to go into the appropria-
tion bills, and this, I think, is one of the cases.
It may be that the Land Office was negligent
in not making the suggestion in time for it
to have gone into the annual report ot tne
Secretary of the Interior, but if the necessity
exists, that is no reason why the provision
should not be now made as much as it it
had been recommended last November.
Mr YICKEES. Mr. President, those 01
us who sit in that part of the Chamber where
my seat happens to be cannot always hear
