1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
804
to keep our gold to agreater extent in the coun-
try, instead of having drained it away. That
matter, [ believe, is now before the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, and may come before
Congress, and I will then endeavor to state
more elaborately my views on this important
question. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD rose.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope we will
now have a vote.
Mr. MAYNARD. I was about to remark
that the debate had wandered a good deal away
from the proposition before the committee.
My apprehension is akin to that of the Roman
client whose lawyer, forgetting his three little
kids in controversy, soared away in large dis-
course upon the slaughter of Cannse and the
perfidy of Hannibal, I fear that in this learned
and elaborate examination of the great subject
of coinage the pittance asked for our little
asi-ay office may be overlooked.
The question being taken on Mr. Shobeb's
amendment, it was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Territory of Montana:
For compensation of Governor and superintend-
ent of Indian affairs, chief justice, aud two associate
ju jges, and secretary, $13,500.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am instructed
by the committee to move to strike out in that
paragraph the words "and superintendent of
Indian affairs," as the Governor no longer
ex officio holds that office.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Cierk read as follows:
District of Columbia:
For salary of the Governor, $3,000; for salary of
the secretary, $2,000; for pay of the members ot the
council, $2,880; for salaries of the members of the
board of public works, $10,000.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to add at
the end of the paragraph the following proviso:
Provided, That no part of the sum hereby appro-
priated shall be paid to any member of such board
who shall hold any other Federal office.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Ihave no objec-
tion to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For twenty-eight watchmen for the (jeneral ser-
vice of-the Interior Department building, and all
the bureaus therein, to be allotted to day or night
service, as the Secretary of the Interior may direct,
$20,ISO.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to insert
after the word "for," which commences the
paragraph, the words "one captain of the
watch, $1,200."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For stationery, furniture, advertising, books, and
maps for the library, and miscellaneous items, $9,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to strike
out " $9,009," and insert " $12,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For rent and fitting up of rooms for the use of the
Pension Office and for the Bureau of Education,
$14,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Oliio. I move to
amend by striking out " $14,000," and insert-
ing in lieu thereof " $16,000."
Mr. LYNCH. I raise the point of order
upon that elause that there is no law author-
izing this expenditure.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The fitting
up of rooms for the use of the Bureau of Edu-
cation and the Pension Office is Ceitainly a
necessary expenditure to carry on a depart-
ment of the Government already established,
and that comer) within the rule.
Mr. LYNCH. There is no law authorizing
the lease or renting of offices for the use of
the Pension Bureau.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It has always
been ruled that such an appropriation; is- a
necessary expenditure to carry on a depart-
ment of the Government, and is in Older.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks- the
point of order is not well taken.
Mr. LYNCH. Then I more to strike out
the appropriation; and I do it for the purpose
of asking the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations to explain to the Bouse what
buildings dre being rented for this purpose,
and whether they are suitable for the purpose.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am glad the
gentleman from Maine has called attention to
this jsoint. Yesterday morning the- Commit-
tee on Appropriations had before them the
Secretary of the Interior, the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, the Commissioner
of Pensions, and the Commissioner of Patents,
and heard each of these gentlemen in regard
to the work of their Departments. This special
item, to which attention is called by the gen-
tleman from Maine, is one about which 1 shall
have more to say in a few moments; but 1 will
say at this point that a very large increase in
the business of the Pension Office has been
required by the law of the last session grant-
ing pensions to the soldiers of the war of 1812.
A large deficiency was passed to pay the ex-
penditure during the current year, aud a large
increase is asked lor for next year on that
score. The number of applications made is
so great that they have had to add sixty clerks
to the number heretofore employed, and have
been required to get a new building entirely.
They have hired the Seaton House, which is
now filled with clerks of the Pension Office
and some other departments. This action has
been rendered necessary by the legislation of
Congress.
Mr. LYNCH. Now I wish to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations if
he thinks that a proper building in which to
keep the important papers connected with the
Pension Bureau, papers the preservation of
which is necessary as evidence upon which
claims have been paid and are to be paid ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Well, I am
afraid it is not, from what 1 hear, but I do not
know what we can do about it. -The building
has been rented as the best that can be ob-
tained, and the whole building is under the con-
trol of the Government. They have exclusive
charge of it, and the only danger is from fire—a
danger which, of course, is incident to all
buildings of that sort.
Mr. LYNCH. Can the gentleman inform
the House the amount of rent that is to be paid
for that building—whether it is $14,000?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not now
remember what, the amount of rent is. - The
Secretary of the Interior stated, however, that
he had done the very best he could, and bad
got the building for what he considered a fair
rent. This includes, however, as the gentle-
man will see, the fitting up of the building, and
is not a naked matter of rent-
Mr. LYNCH. It seems to me that the build-
ing in which is to be kept the papers con-
nected with the Pension Bureau should be a
fire-proof building. I will withdraw my mo-
tion to strike out, and move to amend by
adding to the paragraph the following:
Provided, That no building shall be rented for the
use of tho PenMoa Bureau whusli is not fire-proof.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope that
amendment will not prevail, for the reason
that I presume it is impossible to find a (ire-
proof building in this city for tbe use of the.
Pension Bureau. If this amendment should
be adopted, then the bureau will Certainly have
to abandon this building, and I do not know
where they would go ; they would be turned
into the streets.
Mr. SARGENT. I suppose that, in the
literal meaning of this amendment, there is
not a fire-proof building now existing in this
city,, outside of the Government buildings.
The experience of the recent Chicago fire
shpws that the very best buildings of brick and-
iron in that city went down before-the devour-
ing element. By adopting this amendment
we will simply refuse any opportunity to the
Pension Bureau to carry on the business that
Congress has imposed uport it.. It the ex-
penses of that bureau are increasing rapidly, it
is our own fault. A day or two ago there was
a competition on both sides of (his House
starting with my friends on the other side, to
s ee who would sootiest propose an extension
of time, and the longest time, for a large class
of pensioners to obtain the benefit of our pen-
sion laws. I believe that finally the com-
mittee which had tbe subject in charge pro-
posed the longest time, and they were allowed
the preference. These laws seeffl to pass
through Congress very easily, and they bring
in large classes of applicants. Tbe numbers
affected by special legislation are found to be
invariably much greater than supposed possi-
ble when the lawB are passed. For instance
I am told by the Commissioner ot' Pensions
that the number of applicants, under the law
extending pensions to the Survivors of'thewar
of 1812, is over forty thousand, wherefes I do
not Suppose that any gentleman Who Voted for
the bdl in the last Congress supposed that the
number would be over twenty-five thousand.
I believe in t! e necessity for the erection of
more public buildings in this city. But I
remember that during the last hours of the last
Congress, when there was a proposition pend-
ing for a new building for the State Depart-
ment, it was fiercely opposed and fought,
although we showed that the building in which
were kept the valuable archives1 of this Gov-
ernment, ail the valuable records connected
with our diplomatic service, was a mere tinder-
box, a-rented building, and entirely unsafe in
every respect. And by a very close vote,
very far short of the party majority here, the
proposition finally prevailed. Certainly this
amendment ought not to prevail, to compel
the Pension Bureau to suspend the execution
of the laws of Congress in regard to pensioners
or to transact their business in the street, lor
it would be impossible to find for their use a
lire-proof building in this city.
Mr. LYNCH. I do not wish to enter into
a discussion upon this question. But my at-
tention was called to the building now* occu-
pied by the Pension Bureau, because of some
business that I had with it. And in going
through that building, as I had occasion to do,
upon my business, it seemed to me that no
building could be found less sunable for tbe
p#rpose for which it was used than that same
building, the Seaton House. It may be, as the
gentleman from California [Mr. Sargent] says,
that there is no building in Washington that is
tire-proof. _ But I take it there are some build-
ings that will approximate to tire-proof build-
ings, certainly some buildings much safer i nd
more convenient than the one now occupied
for that purpose. However, I will withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. MeNEBLY'., I renew the amendment
for the purpose of saying that the most im-
portant papers now on file in the Depart menta,
at least among the most important* are. those
relating to pensions- Among them are certifi-
cates and papers in cases that have not been
passed upon finally, those of soldiers and offi-
cers who have died within the last year or two.
It is very important to preserve the evidence
by which those claims can be prosecuted to a
Conclusion. If these papers should be destroyed
by fire, as they may be to-night, kept as tbey
are m a building formerly occupied as a hotel,
there would be in many cases nothing preserved
by which these claimants coald prosecute their
claims and ohtstin justice from the Govern-
ment. I was surprised last summer when I
heard that the Gpvernment had rented for the
use of the Pension Bureau a building which
was liable to bd burned at any time. These
papers are in danger every hour by reason
of being placed in that, building; and J think
vve should at as early a day as possible return
those papers to tbe Governments huilding from
which they were taken, qr rentafire-prool build-
ing for the purpose. '£be persons whose claims
are thus endangered are' in need of money) and
certainly deserve all they elaim ; and unless
some better reason can be urged agaiiist the
