18^2.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£>49
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Sales of Arms to French Agents-—Mr. Carpenter.
Senate.
me, openly proposed that the resolution should be
passed num. con., without debate," and everybody
around me, even my friend on my right, [Mr. CoLt:,]
who voted against it Anally because he thought the
very groundwork of the investigation had been
dissipated by the debate—even he was anxious
originally to have the resolution passed. This reso-
lution might have been passed on the very first day
it was offered by a unanimous voto of the Senate,
and the Senator from Massachusetts as chairman of
thceommittee appointed under it might have been
at work investigating the evidence upon which all
these vague imputations are iounded.
"Sir, if this was an investigation for purity, for
good order, for integrity, for honesty, as has been
proclaimed so often, why has the resolution not
been passed forthree weeks ? Why has the resolution
of investigation been debated here for three weeks
when within that time all the testimony rnigat have
heen taken in proper form, all the witnesses might
have been examined, the archives of the War De-
partment itnd Treasury Department, and all these
matter might have been explored from the beginning
to the end under the careful guidance of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts himself? There was no
other reason except that he and other Senators hero
desired a political debate at the expense of all the
business interests of this country."
Mr. CARPENTER. I have requested the
Secretary to read from the speech of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, because he objected to the
withdrawal of the preamble by the Senator
from Massachusetts. The same thing was
stated over and over again by other Sena-
tors; by the honorable Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Morton] and by many others. The fact
was patent that the resolution could have been
passed at any time without a moment's debate;
in ten minutes, says the Senator from Indiana.
Every friend of "the Administration felt that
after the resolution _was_ offered, a thorough
and searching investigation was an absolute
necessity, even in the interest of the Adminis-
tration ; but two weeks of our precious time
were wasted in a political debate, because the
Senator from Massachusetts insisted that his
preamble should be considered, although after
all it is 'due to him to say that he became
ashamed of it and sought to withdraw it. On
the 29th of February a motion to lay the pre-
amble on the table was voted upon, and 1 ask
the Secretaiy to lead the yeas and nays upon
that question.
The Chief Clerk road as follows :
"Mr. Thdkjian. X want to know what question
the Senate is to vote on.
"The Vice President. To lay tho preamble on
the table, upon which the yeas aud nays have been
ordered.
"The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 40, nay 1; as follows:
"Yeas—Meosra. Boremau, Brownlow, Caldwell,
Cameron, Carpenter. Casseriy, Clayton, Conkling,
Origin, Davis of West Virginia, Flanagan, Freliug-
huyson, Gilbert. Goldthwaite, Harlan, Hitl, John-
ston, ICellogg, Kell.v,'Logan, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Norwood, Nye, Osborn, Pratt, Robertson,
Schurz, Scott. Sherman, Spencer, Sprague, Steven-
son, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers,
West, and "Wright—40.
"Nay—Mr. Edmunds—1."
Mr. CARPENTER. Thus it will be seen,
Mr. President., that the Senate with but one
dissenting vote laid this preamble on the table,
and that the Senator from Massachusetts was
among those who voted to consign it lo that
fate. Next, the Senate elected a committee in
pursuance of the resolution. That act of the
Senate has been arraigned by the Senator from
Massachuse'ts in a iormal protest which he
has spread upon the record, and which is to
go down to posterity as his criticism upon aud
his condemnation of the Seuaie itself. He
maintained that members of the committee
were incompetent to sit upon it upon the
ground that they had expressed an opinion
adverse to what lie calls, i ihmkvery properly,
"the thing;" for if there ever was anything
since the world began that merited that con-
temptuous appellation, it was this investiga-
tion, which was a thing, a mere thing, a very
contemptible thing.
The record shows that every member of the
committee was in favor ot ail investigation;
voted (or every amendment which was offered
to the resolution enlarging its scope, even an
amendment offered by the Senator from Mis-
souii [Mr. Schurz] in regard to the sale of
muskets and the defenseless condition of the
countiy in consequence ; voted for the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from New York
[Mr. ConklikuJ to investigate the conduct of
Senators; voted for every amendment that
was offered, and then for the resolution itself.
Now, even within the parliamentary rule—
which 1 understand to apply only to a case
where the presiding officer of a legislative body
is appointing a committee, that he shall com
mit the measure to its friends—this measure
was committed to its friends, if by measure is
meant an honest investigation of the facts.
Every member of the committee voted for the
resolution and* every amendment to it, and
had from first to last avowed himself in favor
of the mostsearching investigation ; and when
the Senator from Massachusetts says this
"thing" was not committed to its friends, he
must mean that " the thing " was a design to
accomplish something altogether dtffetent Irom
an honest investigation of the facts.
Mr. President, the Senator's purpose is now
revealed. We know what his motive was; we
know it was not to investigate the facts, i'he
facts were not wanted, else the resolution
would have been passed at once and the facts
obtained without delay; but it was desired to
have a two weeks' debate, a deliberate, pre-
meditated, malicious, assault upon the Admin-
istration, based upon nothing save the assump-
tion of facts recited in the preamble; and the
subsequent course of that Senator has abun-
dantly demonstrated that " the thing" was not
an investigation, but an atlempt lo blacken
this Administration without regard to truth or
justice.
Well, Mr. President, notwithstanding the
protest and challenge to the array which was
made by the Senator from Massachusetts, de-
nying lliat the committee had any right to
proceed, denying that tho chairman had any
light to examine the witnesses, insisting that
the examination should be made exclusively
by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. sciiorz,]
who was not a member of the committee; ilie
committee, notwithstanding that protest, pro-
ceeded to obey the recorded command of the
Senate, thinking that our duty was prescribed
by the Senate rather than by the piotest of
the Senator from Massachusetts.
As to the tiist act of I he committee—and I
ciic it to show that a fair investigation was
in ended by the committee—its chairman
addiessed a letter to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, and another to the Senator from
Missouri, requesting theni to furnish the com-
mittee with any information upon the subject
which they possessed, and with the names
of any witnesses that they desired to have
examine d.
The Senator from Missouri returned a writ-
ten answer to the committee, which is printed
in tho report, and the substance of which was
that it would be useless lor him to furnish
names of witnesses unless he could be present
to examine them. The committee thereupon
invited the Senator from Missouri to attend
its sessions, aud informed him that he would
be permitted to exainiue or cross-examine
every witness, and that every person in the
United States that he desired to have exam-
ined would be subpenaed and submitted to his
examination The Senator from Missouii ac-
cepted this invitation aud performed the office
of prosecutor. He was .present at every ses-
sion of the committee; he was present at the
examination of every witness before the com-
mittee. 1 believe not a question was put or
answer given except m the presence of the
Senator from Missouri. Numerous witnesses
whose names he furnished to the committee
were subpenaed and submitted to his exam-
ination. Not a person in the United Stales
that he desired to have examined was omit-
ted. The examination was conducted by him-
self as the report shows. It is all on record.
There are his witnesses; there are his ques-
tions ; there are the answers.
Now, Mr. President, these being the facts,
I say that when the Senator from Massachu-
setts rose in his place and characterized this
report as a whitewashing report, he violated
all parliamentary courtesy and disregarded
recorded Iruth.
When the committee made their report, the
Senator from Massachusetts rose in his place
and entered a protest against it,, which pro-
test was a mere condemnation of the Senate
itself. Why, Mr. President, this committee
did not elect itself ; the Senate elected it;
and after the election was made, one member
of the committee rose in his place and asked
to be excused, and the Senate by a vote of
yeas and nays refused to excuse him, and
ordered the investigation to proceed by the
Committee as elected. And heie in passing,
and without more fully discussing it, let me
say—and 1 regret at this point the absence ot
the chairman of the committee—I understand
ihis rule of parliamentary law to apply to the
presiding officer of a body, aud not to the body
itself, But the Senate, in electing a committee
tor any end or purpose, is a law unto itself.
What the Senate does, no Senator can ques-
tion, unless some provision of the Constitution
be violated. But when this report came in, the
Senator from Massachusetts met it with a
formal, insulting protest; and then on Thurs-
day last, in the hurry of the business of the
closing hours of the session, while we were all
anxious to pass important bills, and while we
were engaged in passing a bill to relieve the
people of many millions of taxation, comes
again the Senator from Massachusetts, and
maintains that he and ihe Senator from Mis-
souri had been assaulted by the report of I he
committee, aud asks that the Senate suspend
all its business and hear bis personal defense.
He said in substance—1 do not. pretend to quote
his language—■that the Senate could not deny
bnn that act of justice. So the Senate gave
way, and the Senator from Massachusetts, m a
speech which covers nearly three pages of the
Globe, said nothing whatever about Hie report,
or of the sale ot arms or in defense of himself,
except the following, which lask the Secretary
to i ead:
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
" The Seintor from Wisconsin is now in his seat.
He is the author of the report. I think ho can rep-
resent it on the floor.
"I begin, sir, by ealling attention to the report on
the saleot anus to France.
" Tli is i eport is an extraordinary document, doubt-
less one ot the uiost extraordinary in parliamentary
history, put. not more extraordinary than the com-
mittee. Indeed, ti um such a. committee, constituted
in open defia nee ot afirst principle ot parliamentary
la,w, it would be natural to expect a report defying
tiisr, principles in ever} thing. At least three ot the
committee were disqualified irom sitting, as much as
a juror who lias given his opinion betore trial, and
one of these was tnc chairman. Aeeoidmg to par-
liamentary law, tlieyshould have risen m the Seuate
and declined to servo ; but they went on ihe com-
mittee, and the present report is their veidict,.
"I present this report as unworthy ot the Sen-
ate in every re^pcct; wanting in ordinary tairne^s
unbecoming in tono, unjust to Senatois who, had
deemed it tiieirduty to move the inquiry, and ridic-
ulous in its attempt to expound international law.
Its character is already fixed beyond recall. So lar
as remembered, it will be known as the " white-
washing report." For tne present I forbear to Say
more on this l.eau, assai ed that the Senator Irom
Missouri Dir. Soiiunzl will do it ample justice.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, this is
the language oi a mail who abhors egotism,
who condemns personal pretensions, and who
is not of a quarrelsome turn of mind. This is
the close reasoning, the candid and respectful
argument of a Senator opposed to a report
signed by five Senators ot this body, in the
discharge of a duty imposed upon them by a
resolution of the Senate. This is the language
