4i m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3'.
for holding a circuit court of the United States
in and for the western district of Missouri.
• The bill was reported to the Senate without
Amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed,
CHALLENGES tH CRIMINAL'CASES.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 631.
The motion was agreed to: and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. ll. &o, u&l) to amend
au act entitled "An act regulating proceed-
ings in criminal cases, and for other purposes,"
approved March 3, 1865. It proposes to
amend section two of the act entitled 44 An act
regulating proceedings in criminal cases, and
jfor other purposes," so as to read as follows:
Sbc.2. That when tho offense charged bo treason
or a capital (ilfon.su. the defendant shull bo entitled
to twenty and the United States to fivn peremptory
Challenges. On the trial'of ahy othef felony, the
defendant shall bo entitled td ten and tho United
Sr.ilea to three peremptory challenges ; aud in all
other cases, civil and criminal, ea'ch natty shall be
tontitbed to threO porfeumtory cfcailcngSs:; nad tn ail
cases where there Are several defondH.nts or several
plaintiffs, tho p.ntics on each side shall be deemed a
single pariy lor the purposes of all challenges under
thisRocrion. All challenges, whether to tho array
or panel, or t,<i individual juror.-*, lor cause or favor,
jdiall bo tiied by thceouri without tho aid of triers.
The hill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the thud tmie> and passed*
judicial oi5«'nticT3 IN Mtafuw&fprt.
Mr EDMUNDS. I move to take up the
Mississippi judicial bill, giving two judges to
the Stan* ot Mississippi, which was repotted a
long time ago from tti-e Committee on the Judi-
ciiiiy and is now on the Ca'etidar. I do not
wish to in let lore with the Senator from Illi-
nois.
Mr. TRUMBULL, 1 can run through with
jfi bnl while the Senator is finding (hut. one.. I
«-k the Senate to proceed to the Consideration
of 1 i oil"* bll Mo. 18S.
'Hue PRESIDING OFFICER. Th* Chair
will ivunnd Senators thai if they wiU inform
themselves of the numbers of bills before
culling tliem up, it, will Have' time.
Mr KOMUNDS. 1 I bought My chance Was
m mnuM, hbout equivalent to IkHng pmmk hy
Jiglittimy, thM Itfid not look hwp. [Laughter ]
Mr. Sl'OIT. I heltove I yiv.id^it to the
Senator from Illinois.
Mr. KDMUNDS f shall wick to my mo-
tion, for 1 am sure ( shall never get the floor
again. My motion is to take ftp Senate bill
No. 9!3.
The mot'on was agreed to; and theSettate,
as 111 Committee ot the Whole, pfotieed^d to
Consider the hill (8. Mo. 9J8) to provide for
the appointing t ot a distnei judge in each of
the jurt'riol districts of Mississippi.
Mi, KOMUN OS. The committee propose
a substitute fx>i the Whole bill, mid \ pn-Minie
it jh only n  c Mary to read th-e substmi'ce.
The JHtliSUMNG OKFNCtiH. The read
ing-of the original bill Will be dispensed with,
if there be «  objection.
The Chiol Ch*tfc read th* amendment of th£
Comtni'tee on the 3udk*vaty, which Was to
stnke out all of tlie hill aft*^ the enacting
clause, and to insett itl lkiti thereof the fol*
lowitvg:
That the northern judicial dKhict of Mississippi
eh Ail 'embrace and consist of iheful'lowing mimed
counties in Miid Suite, that is to .say: jbandv-rdale,
Montgomeiy, Lefioro, Ooah'iuia, MaishaU, Alcorn,
1t.iw.iUio,i. Lowndes, "Oktibbchu, Neshoba, Carroll,
f>un Fiatfw. Turner tteutofi, T*h<emingo, Union,
Js'< xijhc<-, Cnoctaw, Aftal.i, (jheti.MsUi, -iiidivm, i)e
Soto. Tippah, Lee, Monroe, Winston, Yalabusha,
TaliuhatcJiee i*otttotoe. Ctlhomi, Kor&per, Panola,
Chick,j^.iw. C"ilnx, and Ll Fayette.
Sec. i. 1h.it tiiv southern judicial district of Mis-
sissippi sh«H embrace a ml "consist of all thecoumies
in <aid otare not embraced iu tire said northers
di&uicf.
8kc. 3. Thnt the present district f# tfcd
United States, «ow exercising power i« the two dis-
tricts of .Mississippi, shall hereafter be the judge of
the southern district herein described, find all th^
atid toctioas hitherto exercised by him
shall, in respect to the northern district herein
described cease and determme on the passage of
this act. , .
fcSEC. 4. That the President shall, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, appoint a proper
person learned in the law to be the district judge
of the United States for said m-rthern district, who
shall have and exercise all th? powers *nd functions
appertainingto district judges ot the UmtedStates,
and Who shall receive a salary of $3,500 pter annum,
payabtfe quarterly.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move to amend the bill
by adding as additional sections the following;
Sec. — That tho State of Iowa is hereby divided
into two districts, in the following manner,to wit:
the counties ot Worth, Ceiro Gordo, Franklin,
liardia, Marshall, Jasper, Marion, Lucas, and
Wayne, with all that part of the btate lying west
ot the same, shall compose one district, to be called
the western district Iowa, ond the courts therein
shall be held for said district at thfe times and places
now or hereafter to be provided by law. Ail the re-
tuaim'ng part of said State shall compose another
•cUsUrtet* tw be called the eastern district nf Iowa,
and the courts for the same shall bo held at the
times and places now or hereatter to be provided by
law. And ihe naid courts ure hereby authorized to
hold adjourned tonus when the business before.the
courtshalt. in the opinion t*t the court, require it.
Skc.—. XhaL all mjus and other pioceediugs, of
whatever name or nature, now pending m the sev-
eral district courts of the United States tor the pres-
ent'distriet ot l^waeliall be tried and disused of
iu the Several courts wneie brought  nd pending, in
the H.itne manner as they would have been had said
State not been divided into ftto -districts, and fV>r
that purpose junsdicuon in veetxiA !ii <<aid diwirict
courts iu tho two di^lricrs, and alt processes and
other proceeding:- tak'en, issuwl, ^r inad«o ivturnable
to the uistnut cu-urts of the United <>ui.te« lor <wiid
di^trrct sh.iti be VctnVnn1>le to tlWi t)t;xt term of said
■ctml ts in and lor shi-d several districts.
Sko. —. Th«t u^uniue of aaypwty to
imy .^uit now pending iu tne district courts lor the
JSt.iVe of Lnv.i in Virt'm* Dt tins tltv^ion should
have c^ujinencvd tu esixt- ru dJstricU-but
winch by the division are lett m the courts ia tlie
we^iern diMnct, ttio district, c^urt m«.y> and if all
p.irtifs 'consent shaft order that the same be re-
ttrovad for Synhev pioeeedin^j. t«* th<; disirii-t court
lor*>uid ea<sH'i4i district. Aud the M*uie rul^a snail
npjdy to eases now iiciidin^ which, under tho pro-
visions lit this act, should have fercti commenced in
the wost^-t* diMriet, Aod it sha.lt be th« duty ot «th«
clerk -of «<iid<di<Hrict cow,n« re pcotivefy to tr«itisnHt
all tho papers in any c.iu-o thus removed, with a
transcript t>f the or.hvr of removal. ? nd nil other
oiders, to the clci k ot the court to which t4ie taut <s
removed, ami alt tartncr 4>roceodiMgj( sHt.Ut be 4iad
in.sjiid I.titer court as if tho suit had been oriyinaHy
cominonecd therein,
>Sko.—. llhiH. the prescat jatlffe of the district of
Iowa be, a-nd he is hereby, us^iJECiied tp hold th-e
com ts wit tun and for the said eastern district ot Iowa,
and snail ex>-rcisi) the same jurisdiction and iwjrtorm
the -satm- duiies wuhin t a*d diso ict as hvoiow ex 'l"-
cise> and jH'tfoiius within his prc.^eut district.
Sko.—. That final process upon >rny jad^mfUt or
decree entered 111 the district court ot the United
States lor the district oT Iowa, or j'ill f\irther pro-
cettditiKS and process tor tlie cnfoitjemeut of any
order of said court in any cause now pending
therein, except tho^ remxived as hereuibefore pro-
Vixlot!, sha.i I be issued from tfiu courts wh-ere
denHi or ponding,andmade rutwrmbHe inceordhigfy.
b'K'C. —. That tnw ofliee -of Hi-triot jndg^; xtf b-anl
western district, of low a is hereby crttJitt,,d. and a fit
person shall ho appointed sncti disttiet judfre, who
shall exercise the s.imo jnris\lietion umi ^rtorta tho
Sfiinedutit?s in sai I wwcern di-trix*t art the district
judge of the present district t>f low a -now exercises
and p«Honns wuhin his piescnt xiivtri'Ct; and tho
dtstrict judges ot'said diatiicts toti.iH eaeu recoivt) an
Annual fr.i'l iry ot
6iec.—. Tn.it the present, di^frmt attorn-ey for tho
distitvt ot Iowa siiall he tuo district attorney for tho
Wx'stvrn ilwtnci, and tho present marshal and clerk
tor tho district ol iow.i-shatl bo the marshal and
clerk lor the eastern district \>f Iowa.
fSrce.—, Toat atnarahal shfill be atmointed for tho
tvesiorn district, as also a di^lHct attorney for tho
trt^tciti dtstnet and a e'fciktor the wostcrn distinct
sbiul be nppomted by the judjrc tb^ix*ot.
iSkc.—. Tnat tb<* eiruuu c\>urt ol ttie United States
in and tortile present dtstnet of Iowashall boboauu
and hold at the phiee now tixed andnt the tunes
tn w oi heic,liter provided by law. It shall iu all
thinpTN reta.m jwri«.ilw,uon < f all matters now pend-
ing therein, iind have and exercise tliosatne ori^in.il
jurwheuon in snid State as is vested in the several
circuit coarts ot th«e Uottod States, organized
under existnifX l.iws, andt shal[ also have and exer-
cise the same appellate junsdiction over tiie district
couits ot the Un-ited States for ^a'uf eastern and
western districts of I. w l as by existing laws id
Vested in the s\n~eral circuit Courts of tho United
ihuahesover the district courts of rh^ United States
iu thoir i esjoeetive Circuits. Said circuit court shall
be e.illed t lie cucuit coui t in <uid for the districts of
Iowa, and shall bo composed of tho justice of tho
Supreme Court assigued to said circuit, the circuit
judge tor the circuit of which Iowa forms a part,
and the two judges of flare easfern and western dis-
tricts of Iowa, but may be iield by any two or more
of said judges, in the absence of tho remainder.
Svfid justice o¥ the Sd^remo Court, or, in feis ab-
sence, tho circuit judge, and in tho absence of both
tho oldest in couimnsion ot said two district judges,
shall be the presiding judge of said circuit court;
and in case ot any division of opinion among the
judges of said circuit court, tho opinion of the pre-
siding judge shall prevail, and be the judgment of
the said circuit court; bat on any appeal to said
circuit court from one of the said di-irict courts,
the judge of the district court from which sucn ap-
peal was taken shall not sit tn said circuit court on
the trial or decision of the c t*e so carried by appeal
to said circuit court. The clerk of the circuit court
jf'or the present district of Iowa shall be and remain
the clerk of the circuit court as modified by this
act. The district attorney and marshal for the
western district of Io\Va shall act as such district
attorney and marshal io said circuit coui t; but tho
process of said circuit court may be directed to tlie
marshal ot either of said eastern or western dis-
tricts of Iowa, and shull be executed only by the
marshal to whom it js directed, or by his duly
appointed deputy iu his district.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I appeal to my friend
from Iowa to withdraw that amendment.
That is a Senate b k!, which has been reported
against by the Committee on the Judiciary on
the grouud that the time had not come to do
that thing, its details have not been exam-
ined, and of course it must give rise to con-
troversy, as the committee thought it ought not
to be passed now. it is on the Calendar.
Here is a bili which the committee have re-
pot led, which the State of Mississippi le-eds,
which both the Seuators fiotn that State a^ree
ought to be passed in substance, although they
differ as to the way in which the Stale should
be divided into distucts by comities, and I
appeal to the Senator lrom Iowa that ii is not
perhaps quue fair toward ihe Mississippi case
to burden it with this controverted question.
1 hope h« will witudiaw it aud let tuis little
bill pass.
Mr. WRIGHT. I can see no reason why
this should be any more a controverted ques-
tion than the bill to which it is offered as an
amendment. That which 1 have offered as an
amendment to the hill now pending was pre-
sented by me some months since, and refeuvd
to the Committed on the Judiciary. 1 desire
the attention of the Senate to the reason why
I press this amendment now. 1 do it for no
purpose oa earth and wuh no thought of
defeating the bill called up by the Senator
from Vermont. I have no wish whatever to
antagonize that bill. The amendment that [
have ottered, however, I believe just, proper,
*aad necessary, i believe there ts a necessity
for a division of my own State into two judi-
cial districts, aud i will state very bntily the
leason.
We have a population there of from one
million three handled thousand to one million
&>ur hundred thousand- The United States
courts thete-are held now m four places. The
judge of the district court iscompeUed to hold
his terms from seven to nine mouths m each
year. By the action of Congress, the Stateof
Wisconsin has already been divided into two
judicnti districts, it has less pnpulati n, and
as i think less business than the State of Iowa.
Last week we divided the State of North Car-
olina Hi to two judicial districts. A measure
is pending here teported from the committee,
as 1 understand, to divide tlie State of Illinois
into three judicial district*}.
Now, it with the business that we have in
Iowa, and with our population other States
are divided wuh not so much busin--as nor so
large a population, I *isk what n as m thete
is that that State shad not. be divided, a'.d
thn« he ihe be tert-nabledio h^ve the badness
in the State tran.«aete<3 V
Itiannot by fitly means in the world seek to
interfere with uie pss^e of the tnli so anx-
iously desited by the Senators fiom Missis-
sippi. i know of noleason, however, whyth.it
State should be divided that does not apply to
my own Slate On the contrary, I see veiy
many good reasons why we should have h
division in Iowa that x3x>not apply to the other
States. I am sure they hav«notthe population 5
I am sure they have not the business, if thero
be reasons ©f a peculiar character applicable to
Mississippi, iet those reasons apply to pass
