1498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
distinctly the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Cameron,] on the other side of the Chamber.
I gave his views as well as I understood them
when I was up before. I will now read, how-
ever, a portion of the remarks which he made
yesterday. He said:
"Mr. Camkkos. I agree with the Senator from
California that the foesfc thing we can do with this
proposition is to vote it down. To my mind it is
absurd to increase the number of clerks by forty in
any one Department." * ^ "We
get a man in under the excuse that it is only tem-
porary ; but once in, he has to be kept there, and
then you hold out false pretenses to all the country.
We shall have at least ten thousand applicants for
these forty clerkships. The right way to meet the
case is this: if in asingle branch of this Department
they have not got force enough, take what is needed
from some other branch of the Department: There
are more clerks employed here nowthan fill up their
time, but we are constantly going on at the appli-
cation of some head of a bureau to add to hisforce."
Again :
" There are moro people now in the Departments
than are wanted. Some of the Departments have
too many, and others probably have too few. Let
the head arrange the business as the head of any
great establishment would do. If the Land Office
has too few, let the head of the Interior Depart-
ment take some from some other branch of the De-
partment. That can be very readily done."
Mr. POMEROY. As the senior Senator
from Pennsylvania did not say there was a
surplus of clerks in the Treasury Department,
I trust the Senator from Maryland will with-
draw his amendment. He only said that he
thought there was a surplus in the service, but
he did not say in what particular Department.
Mr. VICKERS. lie said, "There are
more people now in the Departments than are
wanted," and he said they could be trans-
ferred from one Department, to ruiot.her. The
Senator from Pennsylvania has been the head
of a Department, he is the oldest Senator in
the body, and he has had great experience.
I predicated my amendment on his statement.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bore-
man in the chair.) The question is on striking
out the amendment agreed to as in Committee
of the Whole and inserting the amendment
offered by the Senator from Maryland in lieu
of it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I was not in the Com-
mittee 011 Public Lands when this matter was
before them, being elsewhere, occupied in
business imposed oil me by the Senate as a
member of the Committee on Investigation
and Retrenchment. I regret to differ from
the chairman of that committee, [Mr. Pojie-
boy,] and from one of my valued associates
on it, the Senator from Minnesota*, [Mr. Win-
DOM.]
Besides the objections so forcibly pat by
other Senators who have spoken against the
amendment adopted in Committee of the
Whole, there is, it seems to me, this further
objection : if we give forty clerks to the Land
Office by this bill, when shall we get rid of
them? It is true the amendment by its terms
provides for that addition of forty clerks for
one year only; but who does not know the
tenacity with which clerks hold 011 to their
clerkships? Who does not know the extreme
difficulty of reducing the clerical force from a
number once fixed? Is there any Senator
here who seriously believes that should we
adopt this amendment, which increases by
forty the clerical force of the Land Office, the
youngest man here, whatever may be the
length of his service, will live to see the whole
of these forty clerkships abated? That is a
controlling consideration with me. I shall not
vote to saddle upon one bureau in the Depart-
ment of the Interior an expeuse of $48,000 for
an indefinite number of years without seeing a
much stronger case for it than has yet been
made out.
Furthermore, it occurs to me as rather a
remarkable circumstance that this large de-
mand for increased clerical force, unprece-
dented as I suppose it to be, should have been
made withoutany note of warning. This neces-
sity, if it exists, has not grown up in a day. It
is not like Jonah's gourd, a matter of twenty-
four hours; nor, like that gourd, will it disap-
pear in as short a period, if once we should
adopt the amendment which passed the Com-
mittee of the Whole and if that amendment
should become a law. Whyhave we not heard
something from the Department of the Interior
in regard to this pressing necessity for forty
clerks in one bureau before this? What is the
reason? Has any explanation of that been
given? My impression is that since the re-
moval of the former very efficient Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office consider-
able additions have been made to the expend-
itures for officials in that particular branch of
the Interior Department; but whether that be
so or not, I cannot, consistently with my ideas
of public duty, vote for an addition of forty
clerks to the Land Office, entailing an expend-
iture of $48,000 per annum, and which, as I
said, may exist for an indefinite period of years
to come. I insist, in the light of all our
experience m the past, it is absolutely certain
to continue for a very great number of years.
1 doubt if it is within the experience of any
Senator to say that any considerable increase
of the clerical force in any one of the Depart-
ments of this Government, made in time of
peace, has ever afterward been considerably
reduced.
Mr. IT1LL. I wish to remind the Senator
of one fact. He probably is not aware of the
receut dismissal of a very large number of
clerks from this same Department, connected
with the Census Bureau.
Mr. CASSERLY. If I were aware of that,
I am unable to perceive in what way it aids
the views of the Senator from Georgia. The
census is an exceptional emergency, occurring
once every ten years, and when the emergency
is over, of course the clerks are no longer
needed.
Mr. HILL. But the Senator will pardon
me for a suggestion. While what he says is
in the main true, there is still a very consider-
able clerical force hard at work in the Census
Bureau to-day. It was not necessary to retain
all that were there, and therefore a large num-
ber of Ihe lowest class of the clerks have been
discharged. I merely mention this fact to
show that the Senator is in error -in suppos-
ing that you cannot accommodate one of the
Departments with a number of clerks for a
temporary purpose and afterward retire them.
Here is an experience showing that clerks have
been employed in that same Department and
are now being retired. He says it does not
help my side of the question, but it proves one
thing, that wc can get rid of these people if
wc choose to get rid of them, and in this case
we are, by this legislation, only proposing to
provide these places for a year, and when the
year expires without renewed legislation the
offices will expire.
Mr. CASSERLY. These forty new clerks,
as I understand, are not to be employed for
exceptional business of the Land Office; they
are to be employed in the regular business of
the Land Office.
Mr. POMEROY. Not at all. I read the
report, showing that they were called for to
bring up the arrearages, and the Secretary
says that he thinks the regular force is suffi-
cient to carry on the Department when these
arrears are brought up. That is the report
of the Secretary.
Mr. CASSERLY. What I am afraid of is
that the arrears will never be brought up
sufficiently to enable us to get rid of these
forty gentlemen. The arrears will be like
Penelope's web: what is done one day will be
undone the next day or soon after.
I think the distinction is very wide between
an exceptional occasion provided for by law,
such as the census, and a proposition to add
forty clerks to the regular working staff of the
Land Office in order to bring up arrears.
I do not intend to reflect in the slightest
degree upon the present Commissioner of the
General Land Office. I desire to say, how-
ever, that I am somewhat surprised to hear
such great stress laid upon arrears in that
office. Representing, as I do, a new State
where business connected with the public
lands has always been considerable, I had
some experience in the Land Office since I
came here ; and I have to say that if I were to
judge from the promptness and the efficiency
with which whatever business I had for people
of my State was transacted in the Land Office
under the administration of the late Commis-
sioner, it would be not only difficult but impos-
sible for me to imagine that there was any
considerable body of arrears in that office.
Upon that ground also I shall not be willing
to vote for these forty clerks at an annual
expense of $48,000 in the Land Office.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 only desire to make a
single correction. The Senator from Cali-
fornia, 1 know, reads the reports; and each
year for five years past clerical help has been
called for by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, and twice since I have been here
when we have sent resolutions to be answered
the Commissioner has had to state that he had
not clerical force sufficient for that work. So
that this is no new thing sprung on the Sen-
ate. When Mr. Wilson was Commissioner of
the General Land Office, during the last years
he was there, every year he asked for addi-
tional help. The present Commissioner did
not ask it in November because he did not
make his report until he had been there a
year. He declined to make any recommend-
ation or any special report in regard to the
doings of his office until he had been in a
year and could make an annual report. That
is the reason it was aelajed and not put into
the regular recommendations in November.
That is the reason assigned to me, at least.
If the Senator from California—and no man
is more fair when he reads a statement—will
read this communication of the Department
through, he will certainly be convinced not
only of the large increase of business that has
been thrown upon that Department during the
last few years, but that there is an absolute
necessity for this force. I will read a few
extracts:
" Can it be expected that the work of this bureau
can be kept up to current dates under circumstances
like these?"
He says in the previous sentence:
"To perform the work unjoined by these laws I
have five clerks less than Ihe force provided at a
time when the population ot the nation was twenty-
seven millions instead of thirty-nine millions; when
the surveying districts numbered twelve instead of
seventeen, and the appropriation for surveys of all
kinds was 8537,091 instead of $1,138,220, the amount
appropriated for the year ending June 30,1872; and
when the area annually surveyed of the public
.domain was about twelve million acres instead of
twenty-two million acres, as for the last fiscal year,
to say nothing of the increased area of the present
fiscal year."
He goes 011 at great length to show that he
has five clerks less now than they had twenty
years ago in that office.
Mr. COLE. The public lands have been
decreasing.
Mr. POMEROY. There never were as
many acres of public land entered in a year
as there has been during the last year. He
gives a detailed account o! ihe number of
letters. The number of letters received dur-
ing the last year of Mr. Wilson's administra-
tion was 45,546. The number during the cur-
rent year just closed was 55,G2S. Here is a
detailed account, showing the pages of record
coveied by the letters written. During the
year preceding the last there were 23,598
pages, and during this past year 29,979. Then
comes a detailed account of the patents issued ;
then of the contested cases settled in the De-
partment, referred from the various local land
offices. They have more than doubled, yet 110
increase of force has been allowed; and he
asks for no increase for the regular business,
and hecompliments the clerks highly for doing
twice as much as they used to do : but to bring
up the business so that the present force can
