550
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-RESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 3,
Senate.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Carpenter.
42d Cong.,..2d Sess.
of a docile Christian, who. when smitten upon
one cheek, "turns the other also;" who,
when he is u reviled," reviles not again. Of
this report, brought here in'obedience to the
command of the Senate, the Senator, after
kindly announcing to the Senate that the
report was written by myself, adds that it
is 'l unworthy of the Senate in every respect,
wanting in ordinary fairness, unbecoming in
tone, unjust to Senators who had deemed it
their duty to move the inquiry, and ridiculous
in its attempt to expound international law."
Why, Mr. President, alter such a towering
panegyric from the Senator, I should be utterly
wanting in all the reciprocal offices of courtesy
if I did not, pay him an occasional compliment
in the course of- my remarks to-day, ^laugh-
ter;] and I regret that the Senator, who was in
his seat at the commencement of my remarks,
has withdrawn, so that 1 may not pay htm so
much attention as I otherwise should were he
present to enjoy it. X shall speak piesently
in detail of the remarks made by the Senator
from Massachusetts.
His speech was followed by a speech of the
Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Sciiurz,] criticis-
ing the repoii of the committee ; and 1 shall
first give attention to that.
The Senator from Missouri was moie than
usually happy in oratoiy upon that occasion.
11c is a philosopher beyond all question, and
he comes very strictly within the Scotchman's
definition of a metaph^ sician, as u he talks
about what nobody can underhand, and what
apparently he does not understand himself."
[ Laughtei. j As I listened to him rolling para-
giaph upon putagiaph, that feaiful ehuiliiion
of eastern philosophy ioni'ived far bejonu the
range of analysts, incomprehensible to com-
mon minds, gloomy to the apprehension i de-
spaired answering its points, because if i: had
any points they were merged m the Senator'b
gorgeous rhetoric. [Laughter.] J waited
anxiously to see the speech in the Globe. It
has not yet appeared. Meie rhetoric, lofty
declamation, brilliant and eloquent discourse,
if not founded upon truth, can iie\er incite
a revolution m tins country ; and the Senator
from Missouri ought to consider that lact,
because a revolution is the thing he seems
determined to accomplish.
I did, however, infer from the remarks of
tiie Senator from Missouri that he was not. m
favor ot the rejunt of the committee. [Laiigh-
tei.J I think 1 do not mi.-roprcM'nt htm when
1 say he did not approve it. 1 do not recollect
that any single brunch of it met his very
decided apptobutton. Not having hi-> spcech
before me. I am compelled to confine myself
to an examination of the repor', and thus to
its forlilieatiou, if examination will lead to
that end.
When the committee entered upon the per-
formance of its duty, the fi;st difficulty it met
was in its attempt to obtain the ie-timony of
the Senator fioui Massachusetts, lie had in-
troduced the preamble and the resolution. lie
was the author of and responsible for the
proceeding, and the committee thought itself
obliged to call hi.n, that he might communi-
cate his knowledge and let tin* committee know
its sources; that he might let the committee
know (he facts upon winch he had taken the
responsibility to brand high oflict rs of (he Gov-
ernment and cast suspicion and dishonorupou
our national character. When the Senator
was requested to attend befoie the committee,
he folded about him his senatorial toga and
dehveied us a written piote^t. which lecsted
the fact that he, the Senator ft-om Massachu-
setts, could not condcsccnd to pay any such
committee any such attention, i read the lirst
paragraph of this protest, which is instructive
when we consider that it was from a man
utterly devoid of egotism :
" Personally, I object to no examination; willingly
would i submit to the most searching scrutiny, not
only in the present case, but in all my public life.
There is not an act. letter, or conversation, at any
time, which i would save from investigation."
Happy Senator from Massachusetts! Never
before, since the lowly Nazarene walked be-
neath the bending palms of Palestine, has
any being on earth been able truthfully to say
there is no act, no letter, no conversation, no
idle word of mine that I do not recall with
satisfaction. This protest must at least be
regarded as a frank "admission" by the Sen-
ator that, he is a sinless man.
But, Mr. President, although the Senator
in this protest declared that he must consult
his senatorial duty, which forbade his appear-
ance before the committee, -he changed his
mmd when the committee issued to him the
"subpeua," clothed with the authority of
law, and denouncing the penalty of impiison-
ment for a refusal to obey it; the statute read-
ing as follows;
"That any person summoned as a witness by the
authority of either House of Congress, to give testi-
mony, or to produce papers, upon any matter before
either House, or before any committee of either
House of Congress, who shall willfully make default,
or who, appearing, shall refuse to answer any ques-
tion peitincnt to the matter ot inquiry in consider-
ation befoie the llouso or committee by which he
shall be examined, shall, in addition to the pains
and penalties now existing, be liable to indictment
as and tor a misdemeanor m any court of the United
States having jurisdiction thereof, and, on convic-
tion, shall pay a tine not exceeding $1,01)0, and
suffer imprisonment in the common jail not less
than one month nor more than twplve months."
When the subpeua went out to the great
Senator denouncing this penalty, and when the
Senator saw the prison-door opening to receive
him, he reconsidered his senatorial duty, he low
ered his banner,and submitted himself to the
law of the land. I commend the Senator for
that act of dignified obedience ; I he world
owes him a debt of gratitude. Free institu-
tions were rescued from a perilous doubt, for
at the time it was questionable whether that
supreme authority to which all must, bow was
personified in the law of the land or in the
Senator from Massachusetts. The Senator
kindly resolved the question in favor of the
law, and submitted himself to its authority.
It would have been more gratifying, perhaps,
had he done this without protest ; yet we owe
him a deej) debt of gratitude that he did it
even with a protest. The laws should be
thankful tor small favors when dealing with
the Senator from Massachusetts. He protested
against obeying the law ; he declared that he
was not bound to obey the law ; yet as matter
of grace and favor to the law. and disliking
much to enter the portals of the District jail,
he waived his '"privilege," yielded to the sub-
peua, and submitting to the law, came for-
ward and took his place upon the stand.
The committee thought the crisis of its des-
tiny had passed when the Senator from Massa-
chusetts thus submitted, and it was then sup-
posed that the Senator would reveal all that he
knew about this subject; but therein the ex-
pectation of the committee was not realized.
The Senator from Massachusetts refused to
reveal to the committee the sources of his in-
formation, saying that his informants were
" eminent men " who had communicated with
hiin in confidence; but he declined to give
their names. Who they were, or what was the
foundation of their knowledge, whether it was
mere suspicion and rumor or actual knowl
edge, the committee could not ascertain,
because, to that extent, the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts would not submit to the law. He
informed the committee that he bad handed
over the letters trom these eminent men to the
Senator from Missouri, with authority to use
them in such a manner as he saw fit., but not
to disclose the writers1 names. The Senator
from Missouri, therefore, who acted as prose-
cutor before the cominitree, had all the in-
formation which the Senator from Massachu-
setts had, but which the committee did not
have, and could not obtain from these Sen-
ators. So far as the Senator from Missouri
desired, in view of the information which he
and the Senator from Massachusetts possessed,
to subpena witnesses, they were subpenaed,
and their examination was taken. Whether
there was anything in those communications
hich suggested a counter-proof, the commit-
tee could not ascertain. They were informed
of nothing iu regard to these letters, but only
had the benefit of the examination of such
witnesses as the Senator from Missouri, after
considering the letters, deemed it prudeut to
call before the committee.
So much, Mr. President, for the history of
the committee and its proceedings. Now for
a few moments let me refer to the report
itself. The first question upon the report dis-
cussed by the Senator from Missouri was the
question of the power to sell these arms under
the acts of Congress. Two statutes have been
referred to, the first of which is the statute of
March 23, 1825, which reads as follows :
" That the President of the United States be, and
he is hereby, authorized to cause to be sold any ord-
nance, arms, ammunition,or other stores, orsubsist-
ence or medical supplies, which, upon proper in-
spection or survey, shall appear to be damaged or
otherwise unsuitable for the public service, when-
ever, in his opinion, the sale of such unserviceable
stores will be advantageous to the public service.
"SEC. 2."
And the second section must be deemed as
giving character and construction to the first—
" That the inspection or survey of the unservice-
able stores shall be made by an inspector genera.!, or
such other ofliceror officers as the Secretary of "War
m:iy appoint for that purpose; and the sales shall
be mnde under such rules and regulations as may be
presenbed by the Secretary of War."
This act. has been in force since 1825. Various
regulationshave been made in the War Depart-
ment for its execution which are important in
connection with this subject, and 1 will ask the
Secretary to read from the ordnance regula-
tions of 1834, pages 21 and 22, the passages
which T have marked.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"84. Whenever ordnance or ordnance stores are
reported unserviceable, they will be examined bv
an inspector general, or soine other officer specially
appointed by the Secretary oi Warfor that purpose,
who will note on the inventory such as he condemns
as wholly unserviceable, such as he considers repair-
able, and such as ho deems sei viewable. lie will
recommend the stores condemned by hiui either to
be brokeuup at the arsenal, depot, or miiitaiy posts,
or to be sold, as may bo deemed most advantageous
to the public scrvicc. But should it appear to the
inspector that the ordnance or ordnance stores con-
demned are of too little value to cover the expense
of sale or breaking up, ho will recommend them to
be diopped from the return as useless. Such arms
and stores as the inspector may consider repairable
he will direct either to bo repaired at the arsenal,
depot, or military post; or to be transported to the
nearest or most convenient arsenal or depot, of con-
struction and repair. The inventory, (See form No.
9jwith the remarks and opinion of the inspector,
shall be made in duplicate; one copy to be ieit with
the officer having charge of the ordnance and ord-
nance stores, and the other to be forwarded to the
chief of the urdnanco department for the further
action of the President of the United States.
"85. All articles condemned and ordered for sale
by tn© President of the United S'ates shall be
disposed of at pub'>c auction, under the superin-
tendence of such officers as may be designated for
that purpose by the chief of the ordnance depart-
ment, due previous public noticein the newspapers
being given of the sale. An authorized auctioneer
will be employed, and the sale conducted in con-
formity with the established usages ot the place
where made.
"86. An officer directing sales of unserviceable
ordnance stores wiii cause the articles to be offered
in such lots aa he may think will command the best
prices; and he is authorized to bid m or suspend the
sale oi any article when, in his opinion, they will
command better prices at private sale. No article
will be soUl'at private sate until after it shall have
he en offered at auction, nor then at a price less than
that offered at public sale.
"87. All sales shall be for cash. The auctioneer
will make certified bills of sale ot the property
and deliver them to the superintending officer, to
whom the money shall be paid on delivery of the
property. All expenses of sale will be paid from its
proceeds. The net proceeds will be deposited in the
bank in which the funds of the arsenal, depot, or
po&t, are directed to be deposited, immediately
