3290
THE CONGKESSIOFAL GLOBE.
May 10,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The qneg-
lion is on tbe amendment of the Senator from
"Wisconsin.
The amendment was Agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I propose
an amendment to the first section of the hill.
This bill is a substitution for the second sec-
tion of the act of 1871. That section provides
for the appointment of supervisors where citi-
zens of cities having twenty thousand inhabit-
ants shall apply therefor, This section pro-
videsthfit whenever in any congressional d.s-
tiiet there shall be two citizens thereof who,
prior to any registration of voters for an elec-
tion for Keprcsentaiives, shall apply, &c., the
supervisors shall be appointed.
1 desire to know whether this section can be
construed in this wise: that, wherever in any
congressional district two persons may apply
for the appointment of supervisors, then the
judjje shall be obTged to appoint supervisors
for every voting precinct in that congressional
district? if you will examine this section
closely J think you will discover that that
might be the construction of it., so that when-
ever in a whole congressional district any dis-
satisfied or discontented or suspicious persons
amounting to the number of two should ask
the judge tor the appointment of supervisors,
th^ judge would be obliged to appoint two
pupeivisors for every voling precinct in that,
whole eongiefsinnul district. Would that be
right? in the special part of ihe district ap-
plied for by those two, it might be right so far
a^ the idea of this bill is concerned, though 1
am opposed to it entirely ; but take such a case
as \ have, suggested. There are nearly one
hundred voting precincts in the congressional
district in winch 1 live. Some of them are
very small, with few voters. There is no dif-
ficulty in any par! of that district in respect to
elections ; thei i: bus been none in the pat t and
I do .'<ot apprehend any in the future. And
yet if npy two persons in one of the leading
towns in (< ifher of the counties in that con-
gressional* district should apply for the ap-
pointment1 of supervisors, the judge may be
requited to appoint two lor every voting pre-
cinct. /
Mr EDMujNDS. I think the twenty-seventh
one on the KM'ond page shows that he is only
to appoint fo,r the precincts in respect to which
application unmade by (he residents.
Mr. UAMll/TON, ofMaryhmd. Butthere
is no prescription "as herein desciibed." if
the honorable' Senator from Vermont will
show where it preset tbed that the judge shall
appoint for the'special district or precinct for
which application is madc< then there will be
no difficulty about, the construction of this act.
Mr. Ei>Ml/M)S. The clause to which I
refetred lam not very familiar with, as the
bill did not come from a committee of which
J am a member; but on the second page, lino
twenty-seven, it says the judge shall appoint,
ftom time to time, u for e.ieh district or
voting precinct in said concessional district,
as shall, m the manner herein prescribed,
have applied therefor.'' 1 suppose that is
intended to mean that he only appoints for
those voting districts and precincts in which
two citizens have applied to him to have it
done.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. But it is
by no means clear.
Mr. SCOTT. That might, he obviated by
Striking out the word u each " and inserting
41 such so as to read u for such district or
voting preciiut.'J
Mr. Til (JKM AN. That would make it
clear.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it is plain enough
now, but X make no objection to the amend-
ment.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The ques-
tion ison theameudment, substituting the word
''such" for "each" in the twenty-seventh
line of the first section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASSEHLY. This feature of going
through the f.im of an application by some
two citizens of a congressional district, which
was found in the oiiginal bill, seems to be
retained hpre. What merit it has, I think it
would puzzle the most acute observer to dis-
cover Jt probably was fiieant to put in a
pretense of popular demand for these appoint-
ments. Now, sir, that is so evidently a pre-
tense that it is hardly worth while, and illy
comports with the dignity of the Congressof
the United States to keep it up. There will,
of course, always be found some two citizens
in every congressional district who, either
because they want the appointment them-
selves, or want it for some trtend or relative
within the recognized degrees of kindred to
entitle relatives to such favors nowadays, will
be certain to make the application.
It strikes me that it would be much more
fair and manly and direct for Congress to
come to the point at once, and lay down the
law without, relying upon this hobbling intei-
vention of these two citizens in each congies
sional district. I think that your lav/ should
read substantially that in any congressional
disnict prior to the registration, or to the
voting, it shall be the duty of the district
judge within whose district the congressional
district is situated to go on and make these
appointments at the time, spt cified. My opin-
ion is that there would ceitainly be jound
two citizens in every congressional district
to make such an application. I think it is
scarcely possible to conceive a case where
there will not be two men who are uneasy
enough, or partisan enough, or so fond of the
position ami the advantages, real or supposed,
of these ollices for them.-elves or their friends,
to make the application ; and therefore my
idea is that the bill ought to be amended in
that particular so as to .-imply enjoin upon the
district judge within whose district the con-
gressional distuci lies the duty which this act
imposes upon him on the demand of two citi-
zens in the congressional distnet.
Mr. TUU11MAN. The objection to the idea
of my friend from California is that then the \
district or circuit judge would make these ap- J
pomtments without any application being made i
to him, and he would have to make Un-m for j
every election precinct, in a whole emigre*- '
sional district, although the people did not, i(
want it at all, and although there was no ne- |!
cessity for it; or else he would have to select >'
m his own discretion this precinct and that !l
prec inct, and appoint supervisors for them; |!
and as the Senate leaves it here, the cucuit i;
judge may be not only a riou resident of that jj
distiict, hut a non-resident of the State in (j
which the election is held. For instance.
Judge Dillon would make an appointment of j!
his own meie motion for the disuict of Aik- h
ansas, Judge Dillon living in Iowa. 'That :
will not do. • [j
J think it is going far enough, and a great !'
deal too far in my judgment, to allow the ap- |:
pointment to be made on the application of "
two citizens. I think there ought to be a bet- jj
tor showing than that ; for what is it that the
appointment of these supervisors implies ? It
implies that the State officeis are dishonest in
that precinct; it impliesthat the Statu otneers
in the particular precinct need watching ; that
they cannot be trusted ; that they are t eady to !
violate their oaths which they take, and that |
therefore it is necessary for the Fedeial Gov- 1
eminent to interfere and put supervisors over |
them to watch them, to keep them from vio- |i
laiing their oaths and dusregatding their sworn !'
duty. I think it is a pretty severe thing to put !
such supervisors over these men on theappli- !
cation of two citizens. Certainly I would not !
do it when no citizen at all applied for it. !'
I am not in favor of the bill at all. I am !,
opposed to it as 1 was to the original bill, and !'
for the reasons I gave when the original bill '{
was under consideration; but if 1 were to j
amend it in this particular at ail, instead of j;
striking out the two citizens T would require ten
or twenty citizens instead of the two, and that
would be some safeguard about it. Even as
it is with two citizens it is some safeguard, for
two respectable men are not. easily found to
sign their names to a paper which impliesthat
their neighbors, the judges of election in their "
own precinct or township are a set of villains,
and ready to violate their oaths and to violate
the law. It is not so easy to get two respect-
able men to do such a thing. I know it will
be answered that, the men who make appli-
cation to the judge need not be resp* c«able.
'That is very true ; but yet men hesitate a little
before they make such imputations on their
neighbors. 1 may mention it as a fact, and
one which is pretty creditable to my State, that
I believe not one single application was made
in the State of Ohio for the appointment of
any officers under the act of 1870. We had
an election there, and nobody, 1 think, pro*
posed in any town in Ohio that there should
be any Federal interference wiih the election.
Mr. STOCK TON. 1 should like to make a
suggestion to the Senator from Ohio. He has
called attention to the fact that it is not re-
quired that the two citizens shall be respect-
able. In the thirty-second line it is said that
these supervisors shall beof different political
parties. Now, I suggest that if that expres-
sion is proper for the supervisors, it is cer-
tainly proper for those making the applica-
tion ; and by having tlnm of two different
political paities we should be sure to have
one icspectable man ; that is, one lesi-ectabie
in the e\es of his own parly. Therefore, I
suggest to the Senator to insult after the word
4• t heieol',1' in the eleventh hue, tbe words'4 of
ditfeient political parties." I wish also to
inquiie of the Senator fi om Indiana who is to
deteimmc whether the parlies aie different?
Suppose there aie thtee or four paities:
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is a question that
must he troubling my friends oil the other
side a good deal just now. [Laughter.] I
S3mpai)iize with their difficulty.
Mr. THQUMAN. Not the slightest in the
world.
Mr. CASSERLY. My friend fiomOhio
has not been here in the trying ten or fifteen
days pa&t. I think the Senator fium W.r.nont
scarcely spoke on any subj >c> for longer than
twenty minutes during that period without
some reference to the Cincinnati convention.
That seemed to have troubled his daily utter-
ances, and undoubtedly must have equally
troubled his nightly dreams ; and that specter
is not rid ye*; it still haunts my friend from
Vermont. [Luiglner ]
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 am glad my friend calls
it' a hpecter, lor that is what I suppose it is;
but as to my ailuuing to it whenever 1 have
spoken more than tv.'enty minutes. I have no
doubt the Senator is right, for I have not
spoken on any occasion over ten this week or
last week.
Mr. CASSERLY. i leave that to be judged
by the Senators at onnd m** who know the habits
of that Senator so well.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It seems a good deal
longer to you. I have no doubt. [Laughter.]
Mr. TilUllMAN. Mr. Piesideut, m regard
to the suggestion of th« Senator from .New
Jersey, i do not propose to oflfVr any amend-
ments to this bill at all I leave it in tha
hands of its friends to mov the amendments
that they e lit. I would sav. however, that
if the biil has any value at all, it ought not
to be amended in the way he suggests by
iequiring the application to lie made by mem-
bers ot two different political parties, because
it is exactly becau&e one party has all the
judges of elec ion in a precinct that the mi-
nolity party there may want to have them
watched,
Mr. BAYAIID. Where can that be done?
Mr. THQKMAN. It occurs in Ohio ail the
time. Where the Democrats are in the ma-
jority in a township they have all the judges,
