1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5Sl
42d Gong. ... 2d Sess.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Carpenter.
Senate.
thereafter by tho commanding officer, to the credit
of the Treasurer of the United States,
" 88. Certificates of the deposits of the money, the
auctioneer's certified account of «ales in detail, and
the vouchors for the expense of the sale, shall be
forwarded to the chief of the ordnance department,
unconnected with quarterly accounts, whence, after
examination and record, they will be transmitted to
the proper auditor far settlement."
Mr, CARPENTER. I ask the Secretary to
read also from the Army Regulations of 1841,
page 168.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
11 918. Should an officer or other agentof the ord-
nance department charged with ordnance and ord-
nance stores fail to render the prescribed returns
thereof within a reasonable time after the termina-
tion of a quarter, a settlement shall lie made of his
accounts at the Treasury, and the money-value of
the supplies with which he stands charged shall be
reported against him for collection. The delin-
quency will also furnish matter of military accu-
sation, at the discretion of tho proper authorities."
Mr. CARPENTER. I will ask the Secre-
tary to read also from the Army Regulations
of 1857, page 119.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"927. "When military stores or other Army sup-
plies are reported to tho War Department as unsuit-
able to the service, a proper inspection or survey
of them shall be made by an inspector general or
such suitable officer or officers as the Secretary of
War may appoint for that purpose. Separate in-
ventories of the stores, according to the disposition
to be made of them, shall accompany the inspection
report: as of articles to be repaired, to be broken
up, to be sold, of no use or value, and to be dropped,
&c. The inspection report and inventaries shall
show the cxact condition of the diffej ent articles.
"928. Military stores and other Army supplies
found unsuitable to the public service, after inspec-
tion by an inspector general, or such special inspec-
tion as may have been directed in tbe case, and
ordered for sale, shall be sold for cash at auction, on
due public notice, and in such market as the public
interest may require. The officer making the sale
will bid in and suspend the sale vrhen, in his opin-
ion, better prices may be got. Expenses of the sale
will be paid trom its proceeds. The auctioneer's
ecrtifi-^1 account of the sales in detail, and the
vouchers *for the expenses of the sale, will be
reported to the chief of the department to which
the property belonged. The net proceeds will be
applied as the Secretary of War may direct."
Mr. CARPENTER. I also ask the Secre-
tary to read from the Army Regulations of
1803, pages 152. 153, and 15-1, the marked
passages.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"1023. An officer commanding a department, or
an army in the field, may give orders, on the report
of the authorized inspectors, to sell, destroy, or make
such other disposition ot any condemned property
as the case may require, ordnance and ordnance
stores alone excepted, for which the orders of the
War Department must always be taken. But if the
property be of very considerable value, and there
should be reason to suppose that it could be advan-
tageously applied or disposed of elsewhere than
within Ins command, he will refer the matter to the
chief of the staff department to which it belongs
for the orders of the War Department. No other
persons than those above designated, or the (Gen-
eral-in-Chief, will order the final disposition of con-
demned property, saving only in the case of horses
which should bekilled at once to preventcontagion,
and of provisions or other stores which are rapidly
deteriorating, when the immediate commander may
have to act perforce. Inventories of condemned
property will be made in triplicate, one to be re-
tained bythe person accountable, one to accompany
his accounts, and ewe to be forwarded through the
department or other superior headquarters to the
chief of the staff department to which the property
belongs. Separate inventories must be made of tho
articles to be repaired, of those to be broken up,
those to be sold, to be dropped," &c.
% * * * * * * * * *
"1032. Military stores and other Army supplies
regularly condemned, and ordered for sale, shall be
sold for cash at auction, on due public notice, and
in such market as the public interest may require.
The officer making the sale will bid in and suspend
the sale when, in his opinion, better prices may be
got. Expenses ot the sale will be paid from its pro-
ceeds. The auctioneer's certified account of the
sales in detail, and the vouchers for the expenses of
the sale, will be reported to the chief of the depart-
ments which the property belonged. The net pro-
ceeds will be applied as the Secretary of War may
direct."
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, those
are the regulations prescribed by the War
Department for the execution of the act of
1826. I have requested them to be read and
to be put upon the record, to show the under-
standing of the ordnance department and of
the Secretary of War, and of all the officers
charged with executing that act, that it related
to unserviceable, in the sense of useless, arms.
It was that class of arms and munitions which
were next to worthless. The regulations in
one place direct the officer, if they are not
worth transportation to some arsenal, (for old
iron, of course,) to destroy them and drop them
from the record.
Mr. SCHUKZ. Will the Senator allow me
to eall his attention to a fact?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
koy in the chair.) Does the Senator from
Wisconsin yield to the Senator from Missouri?
Mr. CARPENTER. _ I will yield to the
Senator from Missouri in regard to any ques-
tion of law, and this is a question of law.
Mr. SCIIURZ. I merely want to call the
attention of the Senator to the fact that as the
regulation was read, the permission to destroy
referred to property, not arms and ordnance
stores, as 1 understood it.
Mr. CARPENTER. Very well. Theywere
regulations adopted under this act of Congress.
I am not now discussing, because that is for-
eign to the question before us. all the details
of those orders and regulations. I introduce
them, as X said before, to show the understand-
ing of the department in regard to the con-
struction of the act of 1825; that it related
only to useless stores or property, whichever
the case maybe. Now, these regulations were
all in force. Tho last one which has been
read was prescribed in 1863. In 14 Statutes-
at-Large, page 338, is " an act to increase and
fix the military peace establishment of ike
United States," approved July 28, 1800, the
thirty-seventh section of which recognizes the
then existing regulations, and continues them
with the force of law.
Now we come to a different state of things
and to a different subject. Prior to the close
of the rebellion, the Government had no large
supplies of arms or munitions of war to be
disposed of, and the act of 1825, and the reg-
ulations under it, contemplated a disposition
of property useless for military purposes. But
at the close of the rebellion the Government,
found itself in possession of large quantities
of arms aud munitions of war; arms winch
of course, in process of time, would become
nearly or quite useless. Subjected to rust and
decay, and to all the decrease in value which
must always attend that kind of property, it
was deemed advisable to sell, and Congress,
by the act of 1808, provided—
" That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
authorized "—
And not only authorized, for that was done
by the act of 1825—
"and directed"—
Thus making the act mandatory upon the
Secretary of War—
" to cause to be sold, after offer at public sale on
thirty days' notice, in such manner and at such
times and places as he tuny deem most advantage-
ous to the public interest, the old cannon, arms,
and other ordnance stored now in possession of the
War Depaitment. which are damaged or oth-rwiie
unsuitable for the United States military ser-
vice," &c.
Thus you see, Mr. President, the scope of
this act was much broader than the act of
1825. It was not the useless arms and stoies
that were to be disposed of, as under the
former act, but all which were unsuitable.
And who was made the judge of what was
unsuitable? The principle of law is as well
established as it is that assumpsit, at common
law, lies on a promissory note, that where an
authority is conferred upon any officer to do a
certain thing in a certain event or contingency
he is the exclusive judge of the happening of
that event or contingency. According to this
familiar principle, which no lawyer will ques-
tion, when this act of 1868 was passed it wag
mandatory upon the Secretary of Wur ; it did
not leave him the option of acting or not, but
made it his duty to act. He was bound to
dispose of all the arms which, in his judgment,
were unsuitable to be kept. That was a very
different thing from requiring him to dispose
of all useless arms. Here was a large supply
on hand, beyond any present or anticipated
want of the nation; arms which were being
continually superseded by new inventions, and
by improvements in the manufacture of arms ;
and to keep a supply on hand not needed then,
and probably not to be needed in fifty years,
until they should become utterly worthless,
would be to keep, in the very language of that
act, a supply of unsuitable arms ; and the
Secretary of War was charged with the execu-
tion of this act in his discretion and judgment.,
and no lawyer can put upon it any other con-
struction.
Now, Mr. President, the great point to be
considered here, and to which I call the atten-
tion of the Senate, is that these acts are not,
in a lawyer's phrase, in.pari materia; they
do not relate to the same subject. When two
acts are in pari materia the last act, so far as
it is inconsistent with tbe former, repeals the
former act; and of two acts which are incon-
sistent in their provisions, if one does not
repeal the other, it is because they do not
relate to the same subject. The honorable
Senator from Missouri, on this branch of the
subject, referred the Senate to the opinion of
Judge Advocate General Ilolt, at. page 725 of
this report. Before referring to that,, let me
read what the committee say about these two
acts:
" The ditfesrent circumstances under which these
n,cts wore passed, the difference in tbe subjects to
which they relate, taken in connection with the fact
that they were to be executed by different officers
and in different ways, render it clear, in the opinion
of your co in mil tee, that they are not ntpari materia,
and should uotbe construed together so as to incor-
porate into one the provisions of the other. By the
iirst net the President, in his discretion, was author-
ifiod to sell arms and stores which, ' upon proper in-
spection or suivey,' should appear to be 'damaged
or olherwise unsuitable for the public service.'
What was meant by the phra«e ' damaged or other-
wise unsuitable for tho public service' is fixed by
the second section, which provides ' that the in-
spection or survey of tho uttnerviccablestoreishtiH be
made by an inspector general, &c.' l?rom this it is
clear that only unserviceable arms were to be sold,
and tho inspection was a condemnation, indeed,
the Government had no others to sell."
The Senator from Missouri the other even-
ing read this paragraph down to a certain
point,, and then laid the book down, and con-
tinuing in the same lone of voice, so that I
inferred he was reading from the report, added
the sentence: "then of course the last act
repealed the former."
Mr. SCHURZ. No; the Senator is mis-
taken. I did not say anything of the kind.
The Senator misunderstood me.
Mr. CARPENTER. 1 do not think I can
be mistaken. I was cool and hsteniug, aud
the Senator was under the excitement of
speaking. Therefore, I think I am highor
authority on that point.
Mr. SCHURZ. I may have said this:
" then the committee virtually asserts that
the last act repeals the former."
Mr. CARPENTER. Very well. That he
did not say, because I was surprised at the
time, understanding from the tone of his voice
that he Was reading from the report, "the last
act repealed the former;" and I sent for a
copy of the teport to see if such a blunder had
been committed, and was relieved to find that
it had not been. At all events no such thing
is in the report, and whether assertion or de-
duction makes no difference. The Senator
understood, as he now stales, that tbe ground
taken by the committee was that the last act
had repealed the fitst, and tor the purpose of
showing that to be a mistake, he referred us
