18T2.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4187
that bill, and let the reasons that apply to tny
own Slate, ihongh they be not peculiar, but
arise out of (he nature of the business and
the amount of the business and the amount
of the population, apply to my amendment
as well.
Mr. President, as a rule, I am opposed to
offering such amendments to such bills; but I
have seen from my experience here that
there is no oiher way to get what is frequently
necessary, namely, just and necessary legisla-
tion ; and 11 herefore shall insist on my amend-
ment, believing it to be light, and I ask Sen-
ators to sustain the amendment and give me
this court.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The morn-
ing hour has expired, and it becomes the duty
ol ihe Chair to call up the unfinished business
of Satin day, being ihe bill making approptia-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to indefinitely
postpone the pending bill, and yield trie Boor
to the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Car-
penter.]
Mr. COLE. I would rather it should be
passed over informally.
31 r. POMK110Y. if it be passed over
informally, it may be called up at any time;
and 1 move to indefinitely postpone it.
Mr. COLE. I hope ihe Senator will not
insist on that motion.
Mr. ALCORN. The motion to indefinitely
postpone is tli livable, I behove.
The PRESl DLNO OFFICER. It is, and
tbe Senator from Kansas has the floor upon
it.
Mr. POMEROY. I said I would move to
post pone indefinitely the pending bill and yield
tbe iloor to the Senator frotn Wisconsin.
Mr. CARPEN I'ER. Mr. President—-
THE BlXKI'UPT l,A\V.
Mr. LEWIS. Will the Senator yield to me
a moment to have a bill considered'!
Mt. C A Rl'ENTER. I give way.
Mr. LEWIS. 'I his IS a very important bill.
It is Senate bill No. 8SJ9, to extend ihe pro-
visions of the bankiupt law. It lias been
reposed from the Judiciary Committee.
Ihe PRESIDING OFFtCER. Is there
objection to considering the bill named by the
Senator from Virginia ?•'1 be Chair hears no
objection.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 390) to amend an act
enuiled "An act. to establish a uniform sys-
tem of bankruptcy throughout the Un>ted
Slates. It pi opuses to amend t,be first proviso
in section lourteen o! ail act approved March
2, 18(37, entitled •' An act to estab'ish a uni-
form system of bankruptcy throughout the
United States," by sinking out '"1864" and
inserting m lu-u thereof" 1871."
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 have no objection to
the consideration of the bill, but i wish to state
that J think it ought not to pass. The
effect of the bill is to adopt the exemption laws
of the various States in force in 1871. I will
state the luct that in some of tbe States of the
Union $5,000 worth of property is exempted,
and in others not Sjf-iOO. If that is a uni-
form svstem of bankruptcy, I do not under-
stand the meaning of the word •'uniform;"
and there are States like Wisconsin where
a homestead is exempted from execution
although it may be worth $5,0.000. What
sort of a bankrupt law is that which allows a
man to put $00,000 into a homestead?
Mr. CARPEN I'Eli. I will say to my friend
from Illinois that that is precisely the bank-
rupt law 5 0ii have enacted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is tbe law of Wisconsin
adopted 7
Mr. CARPENTER. Tbe law of every
State is adopted, and this only changes the
date. . . ,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it is bad enough
if it is the law already in reference to Wiscon-
sin. I would not make it worse.
Mr. CARPENTER. That is, you would
not make it uniform throughout all States
and give all the States the benefit of the
provision ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would not make it
any more diverse than it is by adopting a new
set of diversities,
'I he bill was reported to tbe Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third tune, and passed.
MESSAGE J? ROM XIIE IIOOSK.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mi*. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that tbe House of Representatives bad agreed
to the amendments of the Senate to the bill
of the Hottse (H. R. No. 2683) to grant addi-
tional compensation to the marshal of the
district of South Carolina for tbe period of
four mouths and ten days.
JSNllOtLKD BILLS SIGNKD,
The message also announced that the.
Speaker of the House had signed the loilow-
ing enrolled bills; and they were thereupon
signed by the Vice Piesident:
A fciitt (II. 14. JSo. 1) to revise, consolidate,
and amend the statutes relating to the Post
Office Department ; and
A bill (il. R. No. 1541) making appropria-
tions for ttie support of t tie Army for the y< ar
ending June 1873, and lor otuer purposes.
CIVIL APt'ItOf UIATlO^N 1ULL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (II. R.
No. 2705) making appiopnations lor sundry
civil expenses of me tjovernmeirt lot ttie fiscal
year ending June 30, 1873, and for other pur-
poses, the pending question being on the
motion ot Mr Pomeruy, to postpone the bill
indefinitely.
Mr. CARPENTER addiessed the Senaicin
reply to the seeches of Mr Numxeii -and Mr.
St'HUuz ou Friday last. [Mr. Carpenter's
speech will be published in the Appenuix.J
Mr. LOGAN nest addressed the fewiate.
[IJis speech will alsj be published ill the
Appendix ]
During the course of Mr. Logan's speech he
was interrupted by
Mr. SHERMAN. Will it be entirely con-
venient to my friend from Illinois to postpone
bis remarks until 1 can make a l-epoit fiotu a
committee ot conference? 1 ask il because
tbe House of Representa ives is waiting for the
report. It, has to be acted upon here first.
Mr. LOGAN. All right.
Mr. STEWART. Has a recess been or-
deied?
Mr. COLE. No; not,yet,.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pom.e-
ROY in the chair.) The lCjiort of the commit-
tee of eotiletence will be read.
Mr. LOGAN. Is that ihe report on the
tariff bill'/ if so, I do not think I ought to be
asked to yield to a long report like that.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only reason I ask
it is because the House of Representaiises is
waiting tor it; but if the Senator wishes to gj
on 1 will not ask it.
Mr. CONKLIN-G, Has tbe Senator from
Ohio any objection to making the report and
allowing it. to be punted. so that we can take
It up to-morrow morning?
Mr. SHERMAN. That will take too long.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 have no objection to yield-
ing to any ordinary matter, but I cannot yield
to the reading of a long report l.ke lhat.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 wtil withhold the report
until tbe Senator is through.
Mr. CONKL1NG. 1 wish to say that,
whether withheld or (Trade now, 1 shall not
consent to aet ou the conference report oo tire
tariff bill without an opportunity to look at rt.
Therefore I lliiuk it bad better be made and
printed.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator yield to allow
me to makea formal nrfotion that at five o'clock
we take recess until half past seven o'clock ?
Mr. LOGAN. -I shall not yield to motions.
It is not generous toward me to ask me to do
it. I shall finish my remarks in a few minutes
if Senators will allow me to go on. If they
do not desire to hear me they need not remain.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
cannot be interrupted without, his consent. He,
will proceed with his remarks.
Mr. LOGAN resumed and concluded his
remarks.
Mr. POMEROY. , I withdraw the motion
to postpone the bill indefinitely.
Mr. HOWE. I rise to move that the Senate
take a recess.
MESSAGE FK05I THE IIOUSB.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPueksok, its Clerk, announced
tbattlie House had passed the following bills :
A bill (S. No. 572) for the relief of S-. 1>.
Houston, late receiver of public moneys at
Junction City, in the State ol Kansas;
A bill (S. No. 1030) granting the right of
way through ihe public lands to the Jackson-
ville anil St. Augustine Railroad Company ;
A bid (S. No. 1045) to quiet the • title to
certain lands in Dakota Territory ; and
A hill (S. No. 1107) for the relief of Wil-
son liowlby, collector oi internal revenue lor
Oregon.
The message also announced that the House
hud passed tne hill (S. No. Ii3(>) for the relief
of Hbridge Gerry, with an amendment: in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Sen-ate.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (II. R. No. 862) to create a port of
delivery at Lit Crosse, in Wisconsin, and t.o
provide for a surveyor of custom thereat; and
A bill (LI. R. No. 2!)(i5) removing disabili-
ties of certain persons (herein named.
KNKOLLM) BILLS fclGNKD.
The message also announced that tbe Speaker
of the Hou^e had signed the following enrolled
bills; and they were thereupon signed by the
Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 2683) to grant additional
compensation to the marshal of the dtstrtctof
South C.arolina; and
A bill (II. R. No. 2848) authorizing the First
National Bank of Annapolis to change its loca-
tion and name.
RECESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that by unanimous consent an evening
session was ordered for to-day, commencing
at half past seven o'clock, for the considera-
tion of reports from the Committee on Claims;
but it was not ordered at what time tbe after-
noon session should cease.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate take
a recess until half past seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; and (at five
o'clock and seven minutes p. in.) the Senate
took a recess until half past seven.
EVEXI.VG SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p m.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tbe recess hav-
ing expired, the Senate resumes its session,
and by unanimous consent this evening was
assigned for the consideration of bills fioill
the Committee ou Claims. The Cba'r, there-
fore, will recognize the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, the chairman of that committee.
KEt ONSIDKRATIOX OF A BlLt,.
Mr. CASSERLY. T desire to enter a motion
to reconsider the vote by which thebitl (II. R.
No. 2t>33) amendatory of an act approved
March 2, 186'J, entitled "An act amendatory
of an act to provide a temporary government
for Montana,'' approved May 18G4, was
passed to-day.
