1500
THE CONaBESglONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
the ponfrary, I say nothing t(> the pqntrary,
and intend nqthjng to the cpRtrary. The re-
markable pircumsfftHpe ftbput this is that all
af opce there is p., demand foe an addition of
fprty clerks to the clerical staff of that pffice.
Qn inquiry of nay cplleague, the phairipan
of the Committee pn Appropriations, I ascer-
tain tha| the present clerical staff of that office
is one hundred and fifty clprks. And here is
a propqsition tq afM fopty tp that number, an
increase of t$ore than tpenty-iive per cent.
No figures have bpgn read here to justify any
such increase.
I am amazed to hear any Senator speak of
the facility with which we can get rid of this
body of forty new clerks. Do not Senators
understand that one of the forces of Govern-
ment is personal importunity? Do we not see
every day, those of us who are most firm in
sapport of what ype conceive to be fqr the
greatest interest of the greatest number, that
the cpursp of legislation is turned aside from
that object, and turned ipto less wholesome
and less legitimate channels, by personal im-
portunity? Ypu make five new plerks this
year, and if ypq try to get them out at the
expiration of a year, in the next or gome other
Congress, those five men will be gufficiept to
agitate the Senate ; they will succeed, as five
men have done before, in defeating retrench-
ment if it interfere with their offices or their
emoluments. How much more if yon add
forty? Ypu ngyer will get rid of them; and
the arrears, which it is supposed they are put
in to work up, never will be worked up, and
you will be saddling the country, if not with
an expense of $43,000 per annum forever, yet
without seeing your way clear to the time or
the mode in which you cau reduce it, much
less get rid of it entirely.
I feel a great interest in the Land Office; I
Wfluld like to see it efficient and capable of
discharging all its duties, but I have seen it as
efficiently administered under the former Com-
toission.er, and with at least no more than the
present staff of officers, if indeed he had not
many less, as I ever expect to see it admin-
istered under any kind of head or with any
addition to its .clerical force.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, this is said to
be a proposition to bring up the back work in
the Land IJureau. Let us see what that back
vork consists of that is now represented to be
of such a character that it ought to be brought
up.
In the very document upon which this appli-
cation is made we find a proposition to index
alphabetically the patents, as "required by the
act of July 4, 183(j, which has never received
attention, sixty-four hundred volumes, con-
taining thirty-ytwo hundred thousand patents."
Now, 1 submit to the Senate, ia it necessary
if) the present state of our finances that we
should go back and carry out a law which has
been neglected for nearly forty years for index-
ing alphabetically the patents of this Govern-
ment perhaps from its foundation ; patents for
all the public lands that have been sold during
perhaps sixty or seventy years, and the neces-
sity for which has never been manifest before ?
J^Ir. POMEROY. It has been recommended
every year.
Mr. COLE. It may have been recom-
mended every year; but .Congress has not
li,ste.ned to it when it could have listened to it
without any embarrassment. We cannot ac-
cept propositions involving expenditures of
this character now without adding to the em-
barrassments of the Government; and for us
in the year 1872, at this time, to employ a
force of forty clerks to go back and carry out
a law which is represented to have been passed
in 1836, and has received no attention up to
this time, is so absurd to my mind that it needs
no argument but a bare statement of the case.
Mr. PQMEROY. I want to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from California to another
thing in this report. I do not want to reflect
upon any officer who has occupied that depart-
ment for the last ten years; J do not wish
to say a word against any of them; but I
found payself tftaf land warrants for five years
which had beep erjtpred had ijot been can-
celed, and not ntitiJ those land warrants had
bepn abstracted, and ha4 got on to the mar-
kef and bgpn sold and locate^ the second
time, upas it discovered that the land warrants
ia that department had never been canceled.
Now, here is what the Commissioner says
about it:
"Theland warrants located for a number of years
past were filed away in fhe same manner without
cancellation. The work of canceling these warrants
is now being executed, but as it involves the neces-
sity of going through the files and taking out and
examipipg an immense numbef of warrants, it nec-
essarily requires great care as well as much time
and labor." '
This is only another item in the account.
More than forty thousand land warrants were
bound up and not canceled, ppt away until
they could get time and get clerks to do the
work.
Mr. CQLE, He says he is doing it with the
present fof-ce.
Mr. PQ^IEROY. He is doing it as well as
he can, buf it cannot be accomplished with
the present force. In addition to that, there
is the college scrip, an imnjetise amount of
which has been thrown on the department
that we gave in great quantities which has to
be canceled; it has to be filed away, each
State by itself; it has to be labeled. There
were no clerks for that service. So you may
go through the whole busipess of that office,
and you will see that additional force is imper-
atively demanded by the public service.
Mr. ALCORN. Mr. President, I desire to
make a brief reply to what the honorable Sen-
ator from California [Mr. Casserly] said with
regard to my illustration. He stated correctly
my position on this subject, assuming that the
Secretary of the Interior is here the officer in
charge, the expert to whom we commit this
department; and while there is no compulsion
on this body to respond to his demands, yet
he being the officer in charge, and presumed
to understand the necessities of his office, his
judgment at least is entitled to great weight.
1 stated that if my supervisor were to demand
of me an additional number of mules or imple-
ments X v/ould not chaffer with him if I
intended to continue him in my service, but I
would supply him with what he called for,
unless it was apparent to my judgment beyond
all question that he was wrong. But suppose
that I am here, and my supervisor addresses
me and tells me that it is necessary for him to
have forty additional laborers on the planta-
tion, that lie is to day in the grass—a circum-
stance that may occur and that often oppurs.
Here in the land department the work has
been ncglected, and has not been kept up; it
needs proper cultivation. What shall J do
with my supervisor? Respond to him, "For
the last forty years that field in that condition
had been cultivated with the number of hands
you now have upon it?" If so, the chances
are that, I should lose my crop. I had better
give him forty hands, and hold him responsible
for any dereliction or inattention on his part at
the end of the season. And as the honorable
Senator from Georgia [Mr. Hill] suggests to
me, in this case it does appear that the area
of the plantation Has been very largely in-
creased, that the acreage now exceeds that of
forty years ago at least one half, and the offi-
cer in charge comes and shows to the country
the fact that these arrears exist.
But the honorable Senator from California
asks, shall we go back and complete the rec-
ords of the past forty years? I say yes, by all
means, if it was for no other purpose than to
preserve the records, so that those who are to
come after us may see and understand that
the work which was done by those who had
preceded them was done in no careless way,
but in a workman-like manner, in an efficient
and business-like manner. I should say that
that example would be worth in the land
department the $48,000 charged for the clerks.
But, as I understand it, the amendment
simply proposes to continue these clerks for
the period necessary to bring up this work,
and that is designated as twelve mopths. By
limitation the clerks go out of place under the
apaendment when that period }ias expired.
When the twelve months have gone by, the
statute of limitations applies, aijd the clerks
no longer exist; they can no longer get their
pay unless there is further legislation. So I
understand the case to be ; and so understand-
ing it. with the lights before me, and for the
rpasons given, I shall vote, as I before stated,
for the amendment.
But I say that the Secretary pf the Interior
does not ask for these additional clerks with-
outshowing the reasons why. He comes here
before the Senate and makes plain, in his
statement, his reason for his demand. Has
any one here controverted the statement he
makes? Nq pne has controverted it. I pre-
sume no Senator on this floor is prepared to
contradict one single word of what that pffiper
has said. Taking, then, his statement as true,
the question comes up whether the wor|i shall
be performed or jvhether it shall not. I think it
is proper for the interests of this Government,
for the harmopy of that Department, for its
correct management and future welfare, that
the books should be placed iu order, and, so
thinking, I shall vote for the amendment.
Mr. WRIGHT- I am very well aware, sir,
that the Senate is anxious to vote ou this prop-
osition, and J have only a very few words to
say. I am unwilling that my silence here should
be construed into an unwillingness to defend
the present Commissioner of the General Land
Office. I am not aware that any person has
made charges against him or attributed any-
thing improper to him. I take it for granted
that, though the recommendation comes from
the Secretary of the Interior in this instance,
he makes the recommendation, if not at the
instance, at least by the advice and consent
of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office. I desire to say from my knowledge of
that officer, having known him for years, that
I am very certain he would not make a rec-
ommendation here that he in his conscience
did not believe to be necessary. I desire to
say also that in my experience in the several
Departments, I doubt whether any man can be
found in any Department more devoted to duty
or more industrious. In view of the time he
gives to business and his work there, I am cer-
tain that if he did not believe this increase of
force necessary he never would have asked it
of Congress. I am very certain also that you
will find that this officer perhaps works more
hours than any clerk in his department. I am
very certain that you will find that no officer
of the Government is more faithful and devoted
to his work.
  I happen to know, Mr. President, that the
Commissioner of the General Land .Office has
said more than once, since coming into his
present position, that the affairs of his office
were much behind when he took charge. It
was not my fortune to be here during the time
that office was under the control of his imme-
diate predecessor ; but I know that soon after
my coming here, and more than once since that
time, he has spoken to me of the fact that the
office was very much behind in its work. I
know also,_ as a matter of fact, that in more
than one instance I have gone there for the
purpose of obtaining papers, and because of
the very difficulty that has been referred to in
connection with the indexes, I have been de-
layed, and frequently in matters of the very
greatest importance, in getting the papers
desired.
The Senator from California, the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations, asks,
does this Senate desire to bring up these old
records ? I say yes. The affairs of the Land
Office perhaps are more important to the peo-
