552
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 3,
Senate.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Carpenter.
42d Cong....2d Sbss.
to the opinion of Judge Advocate General
Holt at page 725, holding that the act of 1825
was in force at the dale of his opinion, which
was subsequent to the date of the act of 1868.
It the Senator from Missouri had been a lawyer,
or it' he had consulted a lawyer who had ever
earned $1,000 by the practice of his profes-
sion, he would have been informed that this
opinion of Holt is complete and full authority
for the doctrine of the report. Why is it that
the act of 1825 is not repealed by the act of
1868? They are inconsistent in their provis-
ions. The act of 1825 confers upon the Pres-
ident a discretionary power to sell, to be exer-
cised upon a suiveyand inspection, or in olher
words, a condemnation of the arms, upon such
terms as he may deem reasonable. The act
of 1868 confers power upon another officer,
the Secretary of War, and not only author-
izes huu to sell useless arms, but commands
liiui. not upon inspection and survey, but upon
thirty days' advertising, to sell the unsuitable
aims of ilie Government. Why did Holt say
I lit', act of 1825 was in force at the date of bis
opinion, and that an inspection was necessary
under that act? Every lawyer will tell the
Senator ihat it is because the acts are not in
pari materia. The act of 1825 related to use-
less stoves and property; the act of 1868 re-
lated to a different class of property, which,
though not useless within the sense of the act
of 1825, was nevertheless unsuitable, ill the
sense ol undesirable. Therefore the opinion
ot Holt conlinns the doctrine of the report.
Mr. SCH URZ. Will the Senator permit me
to interrupt hint on this point of law?
ilr. CARPENTER. Certainly.
Mr. SCll UHZ. I assert that the matter
treated of by Judge Holt is exactly the matter
that is treated by the statute of 1868, and I
will prove it by the record. Here is the cor-
respondence that took place :
Washington, October5,1809.
ltopublic of Liberia, J. J. Roberts, minister 
Mr. CARPENTER. I decline to yield for
the reading of books and documents. 1 will
hear the Senator's point, but not an argument.
Mr. SC11URZ. I merely wanted to make
the point by reading the evidence. But if the
Senator prefers not to hear it now I will make
the point afterward.
Mr. CARPENTER. Lawyers understand
exactly the office of an interruption, and never
object to it when made in a lawyer-like way.
Au intcnuption of a lawyer at the bar is a
common occurrence, but it is always confined
to asking a question, making a suggestion
ineicly tor the purpose of calling au opponent's
mind to a certain point, not for the purpose
ol injecting a reply into his argument. No
court would permit that, and lawyers never
attempt it. 1 know the Senator from Missouri
does not design to do that, and 1 only object
because it would break in on the line of my
remark-i, and he of course will have an oppor-
lumty to l^ply.
■ Mr. SCllURZ. I merely wanted to call
the Senatoi's mind to certain facts.
Mr. CARPENTER. My mind is directed
to them. It is not a great mind, and it will
not produce a great result when directed to
ihut point, bat whatever strength there is in it
is at this moment engaged upon the precise
point m issue between the Senator and myself,
which is. why did not the act of 1868 repeal
the act of 1825? And I assert that when Holt
says, subsequent to the aet of 1868, the act of
1825 is still in force, although he did not state
the full process by which his mind had reached
that conclusion, yet he did, in legal effect,
declare that ihcse acts are not in pari mate
ria; and this is the doctrine maintained by
the report.
Mr. President, after this act of 1868 was
passed, it became the duty of the Secretary
of War to put a construction upon it. Every
officer of the Government called upon to per-
form any duty tinder an act of Congress must
first of all inquire, what duty is to be per-
formed ? In other words, he must construe
the act itself. That is an indispensable pre-
requisite to the execution of a law. If its lan-
guage is so plain that it does not require any
construction, then of course its intent is very
easily ascertained. If there is any ambiguity,
the intent of the law must be arrived at by con-
struction. How often has the Supreme Court
of the United States said, in deciding cases
involving land titles, that the construction
given to an act of Congress relating to the
public lands by the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, a mere bureau officer charged
willi the execution of the law, was entitled to
be respected by the Supreme Court, of the Uni-
ted States—not conclusive upon them, but
entitled t.o their respectful consideration.
General SchoEeld was the first Secretary of
War who was called upon to act under the law
of 1868, and he gave to it this construction,
that the advertisement of the property might
be made in this way: take, for instance, of
cannon, of muskets, of cartridges, orany other
of the classes of stores which the Government
had to dispose of, and from time to time adver-
tise lots of each class, and then within a rea-
sonable time after the advertisement, if they
were not purchased at the public sale adver-
tised, the Department might sell at private
sale. That was the "course adopted by Mr.
Secretary SchoGeld, and it had become a set-
tled rule of proceeding in the Department
before the sales m question were made.
The committee say that in their opinion that
was not a strictly proper construction of the
act. I have no doubt as a lawyer that a strict
compliance with the letter of that act required
that no arms or stores or property of any kind
should be sold which had not first been adver-
tised ; and yet there is no doubt that a com-
pliance with the letter of the act would have
defeated its spirit and object. Why was the
Secretary of War required to advertise this
property for sale? Manifestly to protect the
interests of the Government and to prevent a
sacrifice at private sale. After this act passed
in 1868, the Secretary of War might have
advertised every article in the possession of
the Government,, from the Swamp Angel at
Charleston down to the smallest pocket pistol
inthe armory,forsale ata certain time; andif
there had been no bidders, as probably there
would not have been, then from that time on
for forty years he might have continued in the
daily sale of these arms and stores at private
sale ; and yet it is apparent that such literal
compliance with the law would have defeated
its spirit and object, because the advertisement
in 1808 would have been no notice to the pub-
lic in 1870, 1871, 1872, and 1873, and so on.
So that the course which was adopted by the
War Department, while it did not follow the
letter of the act, did effect the very purpose
of the act. It gave notice from time to time
to the public of the classes of stores and arms
which the Government had for sale, and the
sales which weie made gave information to
the Secretary of War what those arms and
stores would bring; so that the very object
of the aet of Congress was answered by the
construction put upon it by the Secretary of
War, better than by what, in my judgment, is
the strict construction of the act.
The committee made use of the phrase that
this construction of the War Department was
rather a soldier's than a lawyer's construction;
and the Senator from Missouri soared at that
remark like a sky-rocket. He held me up to
the indignation of forty millions of people,
(for he never speaks merely to the Senate,)
and taunted me with being an advocate of a
soldier's construction of the law. He notified
the people that our doom was near at hand |
when a committee of this body could make a
deliberate report that a soldier's construction
of an act, right or wrong, was better than a
lawyer's construction of the act, right or wrong.
We were then in a political atmosphere which
indicated certain doom to our liberties and
our national existence; an atmosphere ap-
parently very offensive to the nostrils of the
Senator from Missouri who has so recently re-
turned from the pure ether of Cincinnati, where
not an office-seeker went and not one who went
will hold an office for forty years to come.
[Laughter.]
i was not only ridiculed as recreant to the
duty of a Senator,' but i was held up to the
indignation of my brethren of the bar. The
Senator said in substance, he thought this was
the first time a lawyer had ever degraded the
profession by exalting the construction of a
soldier over the construction of the lawyer.
Mr. SCHURZ. I did not say that.
Mr. CARPENTER. You did not say those
words, but in the language of the Senator from
Massachusetts, jou said that ''thing." My
preference for the construction put upon this
act by the War Department does not rest upon
the fact that it was the construction of a sol-
dier; it rests upon the fact that it was a con-
struction which protected the rights of the
Government—a construction by which the will
of Congress was executed betler than it would
have been under the lawyer's construction.
Why, Mr. President, we pass laws here every
day imposing duties upon soldiers, duties upon
the Commander-in-Chief of our Army and upon
the ordnance department, upon the War De-
partment, filled, exercised, and occupied by
officers of the Army. They must construe
those laws. It is not supposed by Congress,
nor is it the fact that those men are all tech-
nical and accurate lawyers ; but it is supposed
that theyare honest men, and that they will
carry out and execute the spirit of the act and
protect the interests of the Government.
I am sorry that the Senator's speech is not
printed. i went home that night after listen-
ing to it and my sleep was troubled by the
ringing of that knell over our liberties because
a soldier's construction of that act had been
approved. We were told that we were in the
last days of our existence, our doom was upon
us, and that when it was allowed to a soldier
to departfrom the law, and when his departure
from it by an honest mistake of its construc-
tion was not censured by a committee, our
last hours were drawing nigh.
Mr. President, no free Government was
ever overthrown by an honest blunder. Read
the history of the world. Free institutions
and republican governments have not gone
under by honest mistakes and blunders. They
have been' overthrown by artful intriguing
rascals, who have gained the public ear and
the popular favor by pretension to greater
purity than that of their fellows; artful in-
triguers who have underlined the foundations
of tree institutions by pretending to defend
and maintain them. Why, sir, the liberties
of Rome were not stricken down by the mili-
tary usurpations of Cassar; they were finally
overcome by the artful intiigues of Augustus
Cassar, who pretended to be the champion of
the Roman constitution, aud who, observing
the forms of a republican government, estab-
lished, in fact, an imperial despotism.
The Senator from Missouri is exceedingly
hard on the soldier. He is exceedingly hard
on anybody that has served his country during
the war, as it seems to me. But, Mr. Presi-
dent, I apprehend no danger such as seems to
be feared by him. My fear of the perpetuity
of our institutions does not arise from blun-
ders committed by a bluff, honest soldier. If
we ever go under, we are to go under by the
instrumentality and manipulation of a set of
designing, artful men who stand out as the
