m
mi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
Ejut, I wa certainly opposed to having them
distributed,by th§ agricultural societies of the
S.oiith, for I know, full well that the poor men
of that country will not get the benefit of them.
Forthat reason, I hope this amendment -will
not be adopted,
Mr. POTTER. I think the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. IUiney] has mistaken,
the scope of the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from .Tennessee* [Mr, Whitthobne.]
It is not to confine to any Society the distri-
bution of that qilDta of seeds and; plants here-
tofore distributed through the agency of mem-
bers of Congress, but it is to make an addi-
tion^.,distribution through the agricultural
societies of the southern States, which shall be
beyojid the, amount which would otherwise be
distributed under this bill as repftrted from the
Committee on Appropriations;
,, The suggestion of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Garfibldj] that tile people of the South
have not for some years past devoted their
time and attention exclusively to agricultural
occupations, and therefore they ought not now
to here the benefit, of a supply of seed and
plants, seems to me not to be exactly in the
line of remark which might be looked for front
him. Surely seeds and plants are not distrib
uted as rewards for good behavior, or with1
bfeid as a, punishment of Had behavior toward
tbeFedSral Government; but they are distrib-
uted for the purpose of developing the agri-
culture and productions of the country. And
if that is the end of the distribution, then surely
it«anaot be material how the people of any
particular section to which they may be sent
have eomported themselves in a political or in
a, legal jtoint of vbw,
Now, sir, as to the methods by which these
additional plants and seeds are to be distrib-
uted, I can only say that for myself', represent-
ing as I do  large agricultural district, I should
be very gladif this distribution wasmiide wholly
through agricultural societies, not only that I
myself might be. saved the labor ol'itj hut also
because 1 believe mi agricultural society would
distribute them more intelligently and wisely,
and mote for the good of the community than
I could distribute them. If, therefore, there
is to be an additional distribution—for that is
the scope of his amendment—if there is to be
an addiiionttl distribution of planks and seeds
in the SouUi, whero surely they have occasion
for their distribution, then it seems tome that
it< ought to be ibade exactly in the Method con-
templated by the gcntlematf from, Tennessee,
[Mr. Whittiiohns,]. and it will take nothing
from the source of distribution which fio'w
exists.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I mote to amend the
amendment by striking out the provisoi 1 am
not willing that the worthy gentleman who at
present presides over the Agricultural Depart-
ment should, even by implication, be charged
with tinjustice to .any section of this cfjtintfy.
I believe that under the organization of that
Department he now uses agricultural soeipties,
wherever he can, and that perhaps one half of'
the seedsnow distributed by that Department
are distributed through such organizations
whereyer they exist.
X favor the increase of the appropriations
for seeds, because I do not know a Department
of the .Government which is doing so great a
financial good for the people ,as the Agricul-
tural Department. It is well known that most
ot the cereals and fruits that we enjoy are not
indigenous to this country. It is a general
law that fruits and cereals brought here from,
another clime deteriorate in this country in the
course of years. It is not sufficient to say that
slovenly tillage accounts fqr the great falling
oof in the yield of wheat,.from thirty bushels
an acre to about twelve, orthe great deteriora-
tion in the yield of oats, which now never bear
the standard weight. I have seen in my 0wn
district such immense benefit' derived from
Hew seeds of wheat, and oats, and from new
grafts- of Russian afpple  do our -apple-trtees
when they are failings that I cannot hesitate
to support heartily an appropriation Of $20t000
for the distribution of new seeds, when sueh
an appropriation promises an increase in
aggregate amount of our agricultural produc-
tion, which now is three times the product of
our iron interests, oureottoh and woolerl man-
ufactures, oar railway service, ami our fisheries
all combined. WheawS are legislating for all
those interests, How. cKn we hesitate about thie
propriety of an additional appropriation of
$20,000 for the distribution of new seeds which
are wanted fbr the purpose of replacing worn-
out seeds, and adding to the immense income
derived in this country from agricultural pro-
ducts? ■ And we should hesitate the less when
this appropriation is to .be expended through
a Department which is Universally conceded to.
be economically administered :iii every respect.
The CHAIKMAN, Does the. gentleihah
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Haldeman] desire a
vote on,his amendment?
Mr. HALDEMAN. I hope the gentleman
from, Tennessee [Mr, WhjtthorneJ will ac
cept it . , • .
Mr. WHITTHORNEi I, desire to say iii reply
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
HALDEjrANjJ that in offering this amendment
I did not intend to reflect npon the Commis-
sioner of Agrioulture. The idea as to the
method of distribution was obtained, I may
bo permitted to say, frotn the Commissioner,
who suggested it as a means of securing a
thorough and perfect distribution of the seed
Which the Government has to distribute. I do
not moan to say that the Commissioner had
any idea of the introduction of this amend-
ment, for no gentleinan had but myself, and I
only a short time before the introduction of
the proposition.
Mr. GAHFI15LD, of Ohio. The Committee
have proposed to give in this clause as report-
ed the exact amount aslfed for by the Depart-
ment, which is supposed to know better than
we possibly can the demand throughout the
country for seeds. If, on a .mere individual
recommendation, we swell this total by an ad-
dition of $20,000 beyond what, is asked for by
the Department, we shall be all at sea in our
appropriations. I hope that the House will
reject the amendment without further debate-
Mr. Haldkman's amendment to the amend-
ment. was not agreed to..,
The CHAIRMAN. The question reeurs on
the amendment originally offered by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr.- Whitthorne,].
withdrawn by him, and renewed by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Potter.] ,
The amendment was not agreed to. ■'
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, I move to amend
by inserting "eight" instead of ''seven" in:
line nine hundred and eighty-onoj so that tte
clause will read, "eight clerks of class one.!*
The CHAIRMAN,. The paragraph which
the. g«n.tl(?mau proposes to amend has been
passed, and the amendment cannot be enter-
tained except by unanimous consent.
Mr, WILSON^ of Ohio. I hope no ong will
object.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I must object
to going back.
■ Mr. WILSON,- of Ohio. Will not my col-
league permit me (;o make a correction ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no objec-
tion to that.
Mr. WILSON* of Ohio. I understood my
colleague to state that the Committee on
Appropriations have this year allowed tp- the
Agricultural Department as large an appro-
priation as was given to it last year. He is mis-
taken about,that. The amount is considerably
below that allowed .last year. The estimate
submitted by, the Commissioner was within
three hundred dollars of the amount appropri-
ated last year, but the committee thought
proper to cut down the amount, and we are
now trying to get it up again, I have.sought
t<> offieS" this amendment because my colleague
said that he would prefer to give us another
clerk of. class one rather than increase the
salary of the messenger.
Mr. GARFIELD, bf Ohio. Of eourse I
would; but I ~cMnet consent to go back to
allow this amendment to' be offered.
Mr. SPBER,.of Georgia, (at ten minutes
before four O'clock.) 1 move that the com-
tnifct©6 ti'^6'
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let us go on till
four o'clock: then I Will not object to the
rtiotiom f-
> Mr. SPEER, of Georgia, t withdraw the
motion.
The Clerk read as follows:
For stationery, $2,000; for freight charsres, #1,800;
it* fnoi «i arm. fVn. csnn. * •: x-i. *11
—> "xj Ann i ' iiuiBCo, 9 AO! ilUVV iUf"
nitUfe, $l,0w; iorpaper, twme, and gum for folding-
room, $.300; for cases for the Department museum,
$1,500; for collecting and foodeling specimens of
fruits and vegetables, and collecting and preparing
specimens for tire friuseuin and herbarium, $2,000:
ft>f casdfc for the librufy, $1,000; for entomological
works of reference, $250; for1 botanical works of ref-
erence, $250; for complete feleotrical and other ap-
paratus for researches In vegetable physiology, $500:
for works oti chetaistry, Mineralogy, and charts,
#WJj; tot current agricultural works for the library,
$250; for Miscellaneous agricultural periodicals, $230:
lor completion of valuable gets in the library, $250;
for ineftlfehtal and miscellaneous it&rtos, namely, for
advertising, postage, telegraphing, dry goods, soap,
brushes, brooms, mats, oils, points, glass, lumber,
hardware, ice, purchase of old roports, $3,000; in all,
«piy,o50.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. T offer the following
amendment:
In lino ten hundred and eight, after the word
horses," strike out "$1,000," and insart "$1,500;"
so it will read, "for tho keep of horses, S1,50U."
_ Mr. Chairman, allow me to say that is pre-
cisely what was allowed last year for the same
number of horses, and I will take the vote
without further argument.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I mo^ei to Strike out,
in lines ten hundred And seventeen*! ten hun-
dred and eighteen, and ten hundred and nine-
teen the words, "for coropletfe electrical and
other apparatus for researches in vegetable
physiology, $500," and insferfin lieu thereof,
"far repairs and changes, $500."
Mr._ GARFIELD, of Ob id. There is no
objection to' that, as it 'doe^ not change the
amount.
The ataeiidtrtent Was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I move, in line ten
hundred .aiid twenty-five, after the word "dol-
lars, ' to insert, "for chemical and contingent
expenses, $700."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I believe that
w#s omitted by mistake.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON; ot Ohio. I rttove, in line
ten hundred ih'd tfom'ty-eight, to strike out
"three"' and .insert ."five;" so that it will
read, "foftNe purchase 6f oldreports, $5,000."
Mr: GARFIELD, of* Ohio. I think hot.
Mr.- WILSON, ot Ohio. That is precisely
the! Sum appropriated last yesir. I am i n form-
ed by the disbursing clerk that it will be all
used up. . It is known to-.a great many gentle-
men tha"{ there are a gr'eaf. many expense's which
cannot be foreseen, and such expenses must
bfe paid' tftit bf the contingent fund. It is well
known that under the law they cannot take the
afmfopri'Stion fo~f orie object and devote it to
any other object, and in consequence some
%>2,300 of the amount voted last year to the
Agricultural Department was covered i(iito the
1 reasury.; We ask only to be placed, where
we were last year. Give us $5,000, and if that
amount be.not used Jet it be covered into the
Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. -PAIiK'EB, of Missouri. I move that
the committee! arise.
The motion wfas agreed to, and f^e'commit-
tee accordingly roseand-the Speaker having
resumed the chai?, Mc. Whkei.ek. , reported
