1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
553
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Carpenter.
Senate.
models and champions of Republicanism,
purer than tbeir associates, self-appointed
leaders to liberty and national grandeur.
The next point, Mr. President, considered
in the report is whether the sale of these arms
was made under such circumstances as to
amount to a violation of our neutral duties
pending the war between France and Germany.
The close, compact, protracted, patient, and
overwhelming argument of the Senator from
Massachusetts on that point I have already
referred to. As that Senator is understood to
be a champion of the law of nations, as he was
once, I understand, a teacher of that law, and
as be has assumed in this Senate for ten years
to silence every man's private opinion on the
subject by his ipse dixit, let me read again his
great argument upon the point of international
law maintained by the committee .*
"I present this report as unworthy of the Senate
in every respect, wanting in ordinary fairness, un-
becoming in tone, unjust to Senators ?'ho had deemed
it their duty to move the inquiry, and ridiculous in
its attempt to expound international Iw.o"
u Ridiculous " is all that the Senator from
Massachusetts condescends to say in reply to
the report of the committee. It is fortunate
that an adjective does not amount to an argu-
ment. If it did, I should never stand up to
oppose the Senator from Massachusetts nor
the Senator from Missouri, no matter what
they tried to establish, for such a command
of adjectives I never knew to belong to any
two men before.
What is the doctrine of this report upon this
subject which is pronounced "ridiculous,"
and which is worthy of no other answer? The
report says:
" 4. Were the sales made under such circumstances
as to violate the obligations of the United States as
a neutral Power pending the war between France
and Germany ?
"This subject involves two questions, onein regard
to the law applicable to the transactions, or the
question of what the Government might do under
such circumstances, and the other a question of
fact—what was done, &c.
44 Congress having, by the act of 1868. directed the
Secretary of War to dispose of these arms and stores,
and the Government being engaged in such sales
prior to tho war between France and Germany, had
a right to continue the same during the war, and
might, in the city of Washington, have sold and
delivered any amount of such stores to Frederick
William or Louis Napoleon in person, without vio-
lating the obligations of neutrality, provided such
sales wero made in good faith, not for the purpose
of influencing the strife, but in execution of the law-
ful purpose of the Government to sell its surplus
arms and stores."
That is the doctrine of the committee, dis-
posed of by the Senator from Massachusetts
with one word, "ridiculous;" disposed of by
the Senator from Missouri almost as sum-
marily, although, not to be an imitator, he used
the word "atrocious," I think, or "abomin-
able; " I am not certain which. The precise
point between us is, whether a nation at peace
and in the pursuit of a perfectly lawful busi-
ness, as, for instance, the manufacture of
arms, or war-ships, or cartridges, or anything
else, is compelled to suspend its business
because two nations somewhere on the globe
engage in a war. -That is the single question.
The Senator answers this question in the
affirmative; the report in the negative. Now,
at the expense of being a little tedious, I shall
present the authorities which I have found
since this report was made on this subject,
and I will ask the Secretary first to read the
extracts from the report which are marked
and which are extracts from the work of Vat-
tel on international law. The Senator from
Massachusetts and the Senator from Missouri,
while they fell with overwhelming array of
adjectives upon the doctrine enunciated by
the committee, took good care not to say one
disrespectful word of Vattel, whose book sus-
tains every point made by the committee.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
" * First, so act on the part of a nation which falls
within the exercise of her rights and is done solely
with a view to her own good, without partiality,
without a design of favoring one Power to the preju-
dice of anothci—no act of that kind, I say? can in
general be considered as contrary to neutrality : nor
does it become such, except on particular occasions,
when it cannot tike place without injury to one ot
the parties, who has then a particular right to op-
pose it. Thus the besieger has a right to prohibit
access to the place of the besieged, (see section one
hundred and seventeen in the sequel.) Except in
cases of this nature shall the quarrels of others de-
prive mc of the free exercise of my rights in the
pursuit of measures which X judge advantageous to
my people ? Therefore, when it is the custom of a
nation, for the purpose of employing and training
her subjects, to permit levies of troops in favor ot a
particular Power ' " 
Mr. CARPENTER. I call attention to
that phraseology, u when it is the custom of
a nation," not the subjects of a nation, but a
nation.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading as
follows:
'"Therefore, when it is the custom of a nation, for
tho purpose of employing and training her sub-
jects, to permit levies of troops in favor of a par-
ticular Power to whom she thinks proper to intrust
them, the enemy of that Power cannot look upon
such permissions as acts of hostility unless they are
given with a view to the invasion of his territories
or the support of an odious and evidently unjust
cau&e. Ho cannot even demand, as> matter of light,
that tho like favor be granted to him, because that
nation may have reasons for refusing him which
do not hold good pith regard to his adversary; and
it belongs to that nation alone to judge of what best
suits her circumstances. The Switzcrs, as we have
already observed, grant levies of troops to whom
they please; and no Power has hitherto thought fit
to quarrel with them on that head. It must, how-
ever, be owned'" * * * * '"that if
those levies were considerable and constituted the
principal strength of my enemy, while, without any
substantial reason being alleged, I were absolutely
refused all levies whatever, X should have just cause
to consider that nation as leagued with my eueuiy;
and in this case the care <if my own safety would
authorize me to treat her as such.
*'' The case is the same with respect to money which
a nation may havo been accustomed to lend out at
interest. Xf the sovereign, or his subjects, lend
money to my cnoiny on that footing, and refuse it
to me because they have nut the sauie confidence in
me, this is no breach of neutrality. They lodge their
property whore they think it safest. If such prefer-
ence be not founded on good reasons'—
" Hore ho comes back to tho precise point—
" 41 may impute it to ill will against me, or to a
predilection for my enemy. Yot if I should make
it a pretense for declaring war, both the true prin-
ciples of the law of nations and the general custom
happily established in Europe would join in con-
demning me. While it appears that this nation
lends out her money purely for the sake of gaining
an interest upon it, she is at liberty to dispose of it
according toner own discretion, and I have no right
to complain. But if the loan were evidently granted
for the purpose of enabling an enemy to attack me,
this would be concurring in tho war against me.
"'If the tioops above alluded to were furnished to
my enemy by the State herself, and at her own ex-
pense, or the money in like mannerlentby the State,
without interost, it would no longer be a doubtful
question whether such assistance were incompatible
with neutrality.
4,4 Further, it may be affirmed on the same prin-
ciples that if a nation trades in arms, timber tor ship-
building, vessels, and warlike stores, I cannot tako
it amiss that she sells such things to my enemy, pro-
vided she does not refuse to sell them to me also at
a roasonablo price. She carries on her trade without
any design to injure me; and by continuing in the
same manner as if I were not engaged m war, she
gives me no just cause of complaint,
44 'In what I have said above, it is supposed that my
enemy goes himself to a neutral country to make his
purchases.'"
Mr. CARPENTER. I want to call the
attention of the Senate to that precise point.
There is a broad distinction in all the author-
ities between trade in a neutral State by the
belligerent and the "contraband-of-war trade
which is carried on from neutral territory to
the ports of the belligerent, and the precise
distinction is stated clearly by the author
there.
The Chief Clerk continued reading as fol-
lows:
"'In what I have said above, it is supposed that
my enemy goes himself to a neutral country to make
his purchases. Let us now discuss another case—
that of neutral nations resorting to my enemy's
country for commercial purposes. It is certain, as
they have no part in my quarrel, they are under no
obligation to renounce their commerce for the sake
of avoiding to supply my enemy with the means of
carrying on the war against me. Should they affect
to refuse selling me a single article, while at the
same time they take pains to convey an abundant
supply to my enemy, with an evident intention to
favor him, such partial conduct would exclude them
from the neutrality they enjoyed. But if they only
continue their customary trade, they do'not thereby
declare themselves against any interest; they only
exercise a right which they are under no obligation
of sacrificing to me.'"
Mr. CARPENTER. At the suggestion of
my bonoruble colleague I wish here to call the
attention of the Senate to the distinction be-
tween the law of nations on the subject of
neutrality and the municipal law of a particu-
lar nation passed in the interest of its own
policy of neutrality. Our laws, passed upon
this subject and the subsequent act passed by
Great Britain in imitation of them, were mu-
nicipal laws, and made necessary because the
law of nations did not cover the same ground ;
yet in all our discussions in regard to the
neutral obligations of our nation there is a
complete confusion as to our duty under the
law of nations and the duty of our citizens
under our own municipal statutes. That dis-
tinction should always be borne in mind.
Neither Prussia nor France nor any foreign
nation can complain of us that our municipal
law has not been enforced, provided the law
of nations has been respected. Prussia, for
instance, has no interest in our statute, no
right to insist upon it. If we performed toward
her all the obligations that the law of nations
imposed upon a neutral, it is none of her busi-
ness or concern that our municipal statute is
trampled under foot by our own people every
day of the year.
I have caused these extracts from Vattel to
be read which lay down the doctrine adopted
by the report. Indeed, after patting that par-
agraph into the report, 1 should have been
subject to the charge of plagiarism if I had
not quoted from the authority that sustained
it. The paragraphs which are assailed here
as "ridiculous" and " atrocious" are merely
a condensation of the doctrine of Vattel on
this subject.
This subject is not entirely new in this
country. I refer now to the first volume of
American State Papers, the volume on foreign
relations, page 649, in the letter of Timothy
Pickering, then Secretary of State, to the
minister of France, who had made complaint
of this country that the British were permitted
to buy horses here for military service. A
general discussion of the subject took place
between the French minister and the Secre-
tary of State. The letter which I refer to is
dated May 15, 1796, page 649, first volume
State Papers, in regard to foreign relations.
In reply to the French minister's communica-
tion the Secretary of State says:
** Referring to Vattel, book three, chapter seven,
(the object of which entire chapter is to delineate
the rights and duties of neutrality) your first re-
mark is, that tho one hundred and thirteenth sec-
tion, which you quoted, has no relation to the ono
hundred and tenth cited by me. But permit me to
observe, that it would be anovel mode of interpret-
ing an author to take up a single paragraph and
detach it from all his other remarks and reasonings
in the same chapter, and on the same subject.
Doubtless (as the same author says elsewhere) ' wo
ought to consider the whole discourse together, in
order perfectly to conceive the sense of it.' (Book
two, chapter seventeen, section two hundred and
eighty-five.) In both the sectionscited (one hundred
and ten and one hundred and thirteen.)"—
These are the sections which 1 have caused
to-be read, and this is the construction which
our Secretary of State put upon them—
*' In both the sections cited (one hundred and ten
and one hundred and thirteen) the right of neutrals
to trade in articles contraband of war is clearly
established''—
Mark here, for this is the precise distinc-
tion between what a nation may do, as Vattel
expresses it, on its own territory, and what its
subjects may do beyond its boundaries—
" In both the sections cited (one hundred and ten
and one hundred and thirteen) the right of neutrals
to trade in articles contraband of war is clearly
