1872.
THE CONGrEESSlOJSTAL GLOBE.
3293
pleased to characterize their conduct as "carpet-bag
scoundrelism." You stated that the good name and
safety of the party demanded that when these men
should press to the front and assume leadership of
our hosts we shouidsay to them, "Go back, thieves I"
Wo have in our- midst, from the North, East,
and West men who have come among us to be citi-
zens ; they have invested their enterprise and their
eapital in our State, and have brought their house-
hold gods with them, and they, with us, are con-
cerned to have good laws enacted, and honest pub-
lic servants to execute them. Such men are not
only welcomed cordially by the native population,
but are esteemed by them as a most healthy and
important elementinthe body-politic. We are sure
that you do not refer to this class in your lecture.
But there is a class in our midst of new-comers, who
came without money and withoutany fixed'political
principles, adventurers in character, and political
brokers by profession,with a single axiomatic maxim
as the basis of their lives, which they always with
the pertinacity of the sleuth-hound follow, "Put
money in thy purse," without being overscrupu-
lous as to whose money it is or how the transfer
is accomplished.
Your description of these men is so life-like that
it must have been drawn from nature.
We recognized them as we read and felt that a "chiel
had been amang us takin' notes, and, faith, he'd
prent them." Would you be greatly surprised, Mr.
Greeley, to be iuformed that, in the judgment of the
good people of this State, irrespective of party,
the young man who now occupies the executive
chair of Louisiana, whose crimes against his party
and his people you charitably ignore, and whose
championship you so boldly assume, is preeminently
the prototype and prince of the tribe of carpet-bag-
gers, who seem to be your pet aversion ?
Well attested foots, from the official history of
his Excellency will show that the people are not
mistaken in assigning to him the leadership of the
class you denounce.
In all candor, we believe that his Excellency Gov-
ernor U. C. Warinoth is officially derelict and polit-
ically untrustworthy. He has shown an itching
desire, as manifested by repeated negotiations with
certain leaders thereof, to secure the personal sup-
port of the Democracy at the expense of his own
party, and an equally manifest craving to obtain a
cheap and ignoble white respectability by the sac-
rifice of the confidence and support of colored Repub-
licans, and he is much more concerned to have the
entrt into good southern society than he is to do
the arduous but honorable work of elevating the
masses of that race who elected him, and to perfect
harmony between the races by an impartial and
honest enforcement of the law. He has so fre-
quently violated the Constituiion he has sworn to
obey and maladministered the laws he has sworn
faithfully to execute that he has succeeded in de-
stroying public confidence, not only in himself, but
in officials generally, lie has so deceived the pub-
he faith and disappointed the public hope by the
facility with which he makes and the recklessness
with which he breaks his pledges, that we, in self-
defense, have been compelled to withdraw our con-
ndence from him,
We cannot, and will not support him even though
the New York Tribuneshould remain his champion,
for such support would inevitably involve the dis-
astrous defeat of the Kepublican party in the State
of Louisiana.
Respectfully, OSCAR J. DTJNjff.
_ Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I simply de-
sire to say in reply to the inquiry of the Sen-
ator from Louisiana, about who represented
lexas at Cincinnati, that there was not a soli-
tary carpet-bagger among tbem—not one.
[Laughter.] I did not wish to interrupt the
gentleman while he was on the floor.
Mr. KELLOGG. That is, from Texas?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. Yes. sir.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I ask the
honorable Senator from Louisiana whether he
will yield to a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. KELLOGG. In a moment; I am
nearly through. 1 desire only to read another
extract, and then I am done.
Mr. President, I would that I had been able
to say what I have felt it my duty to say omit-
ting any allusion by name to any person ; but
I found it utterly impossible to do so. I wish
to read^ an extract which mentions the present
Executive of Louisiana bv name, emphatically
disavowing, however, any personal feeling on
part toward him or others.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow
j^e to make a suggestion to him ? Foe the last
half hour he has been making a speech here,
partly on Louisiana politics and partly pitch-
jog into the Liberal Republicans. Now, I
have no doubt it has escaped his observation
that his colleague, who I think is not always
in accord with him on the subject of Louisiana
politics, was absent, and I believe w absent
y^t, and that all the Liberal Republican Sen-
ators, all those who uphold the Cincinnati
convention, are^ also absent, and he is tiring
. .1 submit to him that he
fiad better wait until his foes are before his
face, and not strike them behind their back.
Mr. KELLOGG. I had not noticed the
absence of Senators, as I beg to assure the
Senator. I supposed they were all present.
Mr. THURMAN. Not one of them ; nor
has there been one of them here for some
time. I think the Senator had better let us
adjourn.
Mr. KELLOGG. I most cheerfully give
way for a motion to adjourn, and will not
trouble the Senate with the extract I have
referred to.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, I move
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to ask whether
we cannot have a vote and get through with
this bill to-day? No one wishes to debate it
further.
Mr. THURMAN, Mr. CASSERLY, and
others. Oh, no; you cannot do that.
The motion was agreed to; 'and (at five
o'clock and ten minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 10, 1872.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. Or. Butler,
D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
DIGEST OF JSLKCTION CASES.
Mr. McCRARY. Iask unanimousconsentto
offer a resolution for consideration at this time.
I think there will be no objection to it. It
has the approval of the Committee of Elec-
tions, and is most just and necessary.
The Clerk read as follows :
Whereas the clerk of the Committee of Elections
lias been instructed to prepare a digest of contested-
election cases since 1861, including the cases in the
present Congress:
Revolved, That he be paid during this Congress, as
lie was paid during the last.
Theie was no objection; and the resolution
was agreed to.
Mr. McCRARY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NORTHERN DISTRICT Of GEORGIA.
Mr. POTTER. I ask unanimous consent
to report a bill from the Committee on the
Judiciary, for present consideration.
Mr. DAWES. 1 must object to any matter
that causes debate.
The SPEAKER. The impression of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Potter] is
that this bill will give rise to no debate.
Mr. DAWES. In that case, I will not
object to it.
Mr. POTTER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the J udiciary, reported back,
with the recommendation that it do pass, the
bill (H. R. No. 1422J to take away the circuit
court jurisdiction of the district court of the
United States for the northern district of
Georgia, to create a circuit court in said dis-
trict, and for other purposes.
The bill was read. It provides that so much
of any act or acts of Congress as vests in the
district court of the United States for the I
northern district of Georgia the power and ju- j
risdiction of a circuit court be, and the same j
is hereby, repealed; and there shall hereafter ;
be a circuit court held for said district, pre-
sided over as the circuit court now is or here-
after may be in the southern district.
The bill in its second section provides that
all actions, suits, executions, pleas, process,
and other proceedings, relative to any cause,
civil or criminal, which might have been brought
and would have been originally cognizable in
a circuit court, or removed thereto, under any 1.
act of Congress, pending in or returnable to
the district court for the said northern district
of Georgia, at the time appointed for hold-
ing the next term thereof, are hereby de-
clared to be transferred and made returnable
to the circuit court constituted by this act, to
be holden within the said district, and shall be
heard, tried, and determined therein, in the
same manner as if originally instituted in or
removed to such circuit court. And the said
circuit court shall be governed by the same
general laws and regulations as apply to other
circuit courts of the United States, and the
clerk of said court shall perform the same du-
ties, and shall be entitled to receive the same
fees and emoluments which are by law estab-
lished for the clerks of the other circuit courts
of the United States, and shall be appointed
by the circuit judge of said circuit; provided
that the present clerk of the district court for
said northern district shall be the clerk of
the circuit court of said district till another
appointment be made in his place or he be
otherwise removed.
The bill provides in its third section that
there shall be two terms of the district court
for the northern district of Georgia, held in
Atlanta, in each and every year, to begin on
the first Mondays of March and September; ■
and there shall also be two terms of the circuit
court for said district, held in Atlanta, in each
and every year, to begin on the second Mon-
days in March and September.
The bill in its fourth section provides that
all suits hereafter to be instituted in the dis-
trict or circuit court of either the northern or
southern district of Georgia, not ot' a local
nature, shall be commenced in a court of the
district where the defendant resides; but if
there be more than one defendant, and they
reside in different districts, the plaintiff may
sue in either, and send duplicate writs to the
other defendants, on which the plaintiff or his
attorney shall indorse that the writs thus sent
are copies of writs sued out of the proper dis-
trict ; and the said writs, when executed and
returned into the office from whence they
issued, shall constitute one and the same suit,
and be proceeded in accordingly.
The bill in its fifth section provides that the
rules of court heretofore adopted and now of
force in the district court for the northern dis-
trict of Georgia be, and they are hereby, de-
clared to be adopted and of force in the cir-
cuit court for said northern district; but the
same may be altered, modified, amended, or
annulled by the said courts, and new rules may
be added thereto, in the same manner as in
other district and circuit courts. The return-
days for writs and executions returnable to the
said district and the said circuit courts shall
be the first days of the terms of said courts,
respectively, but the time for the return of
writs may be, by rule of court, changed to any
rules-day.
The bill in its sixth section provides that the
grand and traverse juries which have been or
which may be drawn for the first term, after the
passage of this act, of the district court for
the northern district of Georgia, shall be the
juries for both the circuit and the district
court, and all their acts as such in either court
shall be valid, as if said juries belonged ex-
clusively to the court in which they are acting
for the time being.
The bill in its seventh section provides
that it shall be lawful for the requisite
jurors, grand and petit, for either or both of
said courts to serve at thefiist term thereof,
to be drawn at any-time by the judge of' the
said district court, or by either of the judges
of said circuit court.
The bill in its eighth section provides that
the ninth and tenth sections of the act of
August 11, 1848, organizing the district court
of the northern district of Georgia, and all acts
and parts of acts militating against this act,
be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
