2398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
field, Sherwood, Slater, Slocum, Stevens, Storm,
Sutherland, Sw&nn, Terry, Upson, Van Trump,
Vaughan, Warren, Wells, Whitthorne, Willard,
Williams of New York, Wood, and Young—77.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Acker, Adams. Averill,
Barber, Barrtum, Biggs, Austin Blair, James G.
Blair, Bright, Burchard, Roderick R. Butler,
Caldwell, Campbell, Conner, Cox, Crebs, Creely,
Critcber, Crocker, De Large. Dickey, Donnan, Dox,
Du Bose, Farnsworth, Henry D. Foster, Getz, Golla-
day, Halsey, Huimer, Hawley, Ketcham, Killinger,
Kmsella, McKee, McKinney, McNeely, Mirchell,
Niblack, Isaac C. Parker, Peters, Piatt, Porter,
Pricc, John M. Rice, Ritchie, Robinson, Pvoose-
velt, Shellabargcr, Shober, Shoemaker, Sloss,
Worthington C. Smith, R. Milton Speer, Sprague,
Stevenson, St. John, Dwight Townsend, Tuthill,
Voorhees, Waddell, Walls, and Winchester—63.
So the Senate amendment, as amended, was
concurred in.
During the vote,
Mr. DONNAN stated that, he was paired with
Mr, McKee, who would vote in the affirmative,
while he would vote in the negative.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. PERCE moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question next recurred on the thirty-
third amendment, as follows:
Strike out these words:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized to pay to the Register of the
Treasury, out of the money appropriated to defiay
the expenses of the loans, such compensation as he
may deem just and proper for the additional labor
performed by the said Register under the laws fund-
ing the pubhe.debt, not to exceed &125 per hundred
bonds signed by him, under the authority of the acts
of J.uly 14,1870, and January 20, 1871, providing for
the refunding of the public debt; and that thp same
rateshall be allowed the said Register for all bonds
hereafter signed by him-: J'rovidcd, That the whole
amount of compensation thus allowed him, m oddi-
tion to the amount of snl.uy now allowed him by
law, shall not exceed SI,500.
The SPEAKER, The Committee of tlie
Whole recommend concurrence ii| the Senate
amendment. The question will be on concur-
rence with the recommendation of the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
36? noes 79.
So the amendment of the Senate was non-
concurred in.
Tlie SPEAKER. The question next recurs
on the forty-eighth amendment of the Senate.
The House fixed the salary of the nssayer at
the assay office, New York, at $4,500. The
Senate reduced that to $3,000. The Commit
tee of the Whole non-concurred. The ques-
tion now is on concurrence in the Senate
amendment.
The Senate amendment was concurred in.
The question next recurred on the ninetieth
amendment of the Senate, to insert the follow-
ing words:
To enable the President of the United States to
perfect and put in force such rules regulating the
civil service as may from time to time be adopted
by him, $50,000.
The SPEAKER. That was concurred in
by the Committee of the Whole with an
amendment to reduce the appropriation to
$10,000. The question will be first taken on
the amendment of the Committee of the
Whole.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
one hundred and six, noes not counted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
20, noes 87.
Mr. POTTER demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
The question was taken on ordering tellers,
and there were thirty-live in the affirmative.
The SPEAKER. More than enough have
voted for tellers to order theyeas and nays ; and
the yeas and nays will be considered as ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 115, nays 59, not
voting 66; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Ames, Archer, Arthur, Barry,
Beatty, Beck, Bell, Beveridge, Bigby, Biggs, Bird,
Boles, Braxton, Buckley, Buffinton, Benjamin F.
Butler, Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Coghlan,
Comingo, Critcher, Crossland, Be Large, Donnan,
Dox, Da Bose, Duell, Duke, Bunnell, Parwell,
Porker. Prye, Garrett, Golladay. Goodrich, llalde-
man, Ilambleton, Hancock, Hundley, Hanks, Har-
per, John T. Harris, Havens, Hays, Gerry W. Hazel-
ton, John W. Hazelton, Herndon, Houghton, Kerr,
Lamison, Lamport, Lansing, Leach, Lewis, Man-
son, Marshall. McClelland, AlcGrew, MoHenry, Mc-
Intyre, McJunkm, Mercur, Merriam, Merrick,
Benjamin P. Meyers, Morey, Morgan. Morphia,
Negley, Orr, Packer, Palmer, Peck, Pendleton,
Perce, Eli Perry, Prindle, Rainey, Randall, Read,
William R. Roberts, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Sco-
field. Seeley, Shanks, Sheldon, Sherwood, Shober,
Slater, John A. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Thomas J.
Speer, Stoughton, Stowell, Sutherland, TatFe, Terry,
Thomas,- Turner, Tyner, Van Trump. Vaughan,
Walden, Wallace, Wheeler, Whiteley, Williams of
Indiana. Williams of New York, Jeremiah M.
Wilson, John T. Wilson and Wood—115.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler,Banks, Bingham, George
M.Brooks. Burchard, Burdett, Roderick R, Butler,
William T. Clark, Conger, Cotton, Dawes, Barnes,
Ely, Pmkelnbuig, Charles Poster, 'Wilder 1). Foster,
Garfield, Griffith, Hale, George E. Harris, Hay, nib-
bard, Hill, lloar, Ilolman, Hooper, Kelley. Kellogg,
Kendall, King, Lowe, Maynard, McCorunck, Me-
Orary, Monroe, Moore, Leonard Myers, Packard,
Aaron P. Perry, Peters, Poland. Potter, Edward Y.
Rice, Ellis 11. Roberts, Sessions, H.Boardman Smith,
Sprague, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Storm,
Strong, Washington Townsend, Twichell, Upson,
Wakeman. Waluron, Whitthorno, and Willard—59.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Avcnll,
Barber, Barnuto, Austin Blair, James G. Blair,
Bright, James Brooks, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll,
Conner, Cox, Crebs, Creely, Crocker, Darrall, Davis,
Dickey, Eldredsre. Elliott, Farnsworth. Henry D.
Poster, Getz, Ilalsey, Harmer, Hawley, Hereford,
Ivetcham, ICilHnger, Kmsella, Lynch, McKee, Alc-
Kiimey, McNeely, Mitchell, Niblack, iiosea W.
Parker, Isaac C. Parker, Piatt, Porter, Price, John
M. Rice, Ritchie, Robinson, Rogers, Roosevelt,
Shcllabarger, Shoemaker, Slocum, Sloss, Worthing-
ton C. Smith, R. Milton Speer, Sf. John, Swann,
Sypher. Dwight Townsend, Tuthill, Voorhees,
Waddell, Wails, Warren, Wells, Winchester, and
Young—66.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on concurring in the
amendment of the Senate as amended.
The amendment of the Senate, as amended,
was concurred in.
The SPEAKER. The next amendment on
which a separate vote is demanded is the
ninety-second amendment ofthe Senate, which
was concurred in by the Committee of the
Whole, with two amendments thereto. •
The nincty-second amendment of the Senate
was as follows:
Sec. 0. That the public grounds surrounding the
Capitol shall be enlarged (according to the plan ap-
proved by the Committees on Public Buildings of
the Senate and House of Representatives, respect-
ively, which plan is hereby diiected to be depos-
ited in the custody of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior) by extension between First street east and
Pir^t street west, in the following manner: north-
wardly to the south side of North B street, and
southwardly to the north side of South B street, in-
cluding, in addition to so much of the reservations,
avenues, and streets as are necessaiy for such exten-
sion, the two squares designated on the plan of the
city of Washington as numbers 687 and 088.
Sec. 7. That it shall be the duty of the Secretary
of the Interior to purchase, from the owner or own-
ers thereof, at such price, not exceeding its actual
cash value, as may be mutually agreed on between
the Secretary and such owner or owners, and not
exceeding the appraisal made by the commission of
nine in their report to Robert Ould, United States
district attorney for the District of Columbia, on the
21st day of January, 1861, such private property as
may be nceessary for carrying this act into effect,
the value of the property so purchased to be paid
to the owner or owners thereof, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, on
the requisition of said Secretary: Provided, That
before such payment shall be made, the owner or
owners of the pioperty purchased shall, by good and
sufficient deed or deeds, in due form of Jaw, and
approved by the Attorney General of the United
States, fully release and convey to the United
States all their and each ot theirseveral andrespect-
ive rights in said titles to such lands and property
so purchased.
Sec. 8. That if the Secretary of the Interior shall
not bo able to agree with the owner or owners of
any private property needed for the purposes of
this act upon the price to be paid therefor, or if for
any other cause he shall be unable to obtain the
title to any such property by mutual agreement with
the owner or owners thereof, it shall be his duty to
make application to the supreme court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, which court is hereby authorized
and required, upon such application, in such mode,
and under such rules and regulations as it may
adopt, to make a just and equitable appraisement
of the cash value of theseveral interests of each and
every owner of the real estate and improvements
thereon necessary to be taken for the public use in
accordance with the provisions of this act, and to
which the Secretary has been unable to obtain the
title by mutual agreement with the owner or owners
thereof.
Sec. 9. That the fee-simple of all premises so ap-
propriated for public use, of which an appraisement
shall have been made under the order and direction
of said court, shall, upon payment of the owner or
owrfers respectively, of the appraised value, or in
case the said owner or owners refuse or neglect for
fifteen days after the appraisement of the cash value
of said lands and improvements by said court to
demand the same from the Secretary of the Interior,
upon depositing the siid appraised value in the
saidcouit to the ciedit of such owner or owners
respectively, be vested in the United States. And
the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized
and required to pay to the several owner or owners
respectively, the appraised value of the several
premises as specified in the appraisement of said
court, or pay into court by deposit, as hereinbefore
provided, the said appraised values; and the sum
necessary for such purpose is hereby appropriated
out of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated : Provided, That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized to sell at public auc-
tion such materials in the buildings in squares Nos.
687 and 688 as are not necessary for the public
works in this District; and further, that the moneys
realized by such sales shall be applied to the im-
provement and extension of the Capitol grounds.
Sec. 10. That said court may direct the time and
manner in which possession of the property con-
demned shall be taken or delivered, and may, if
necessary, enforce any order or issue any process
for giving possession. The costs occasioned by the
inquiry and assessment shall be paid by the United
States, and, as to other costs which may arise, they
shall be charged or taxed as the court may direct.
Sec. 11. That no delay in making an assessment
of compensation, or in taking possession, shall be
occasioned by any doubt which may arise as to the
ownership of the property, or any part thereof, or
as to the interests of the respective owners, but, in
such cases the court shall require a deposit of the
money allowed as compensation for the whole prop-
erty or the part in dispute. In all cases, as soon as
the United States shall have paid the compensation
assessed, or secured its payment, by a deposit of
money, under the order of the court, possession of
the property may be taken.
Sec. 12. That the Washington and Georgetown
Railroad Company and the Metropolitan Railroad
Company be, and they arc hereby, required to re-
move their tracks, respectively, from the Capitol
grounds, as hereby established, and run the same
as they may be directed, from time to time, by the
officer in charge of the public buildings and grounds,
as the grading and filling up of said grounds may
render necessary.
The first amendment made by the Committee
of the Whole to the amendment of the Senate
was as follows:
In line sixteen, section nine, after the words
" necessary for such purpose," insert the words " not
exceeding $400,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment by the Committee of
the Whole to the amendment of the Senate
was as follows:
Add to section twelve these words:
And the Commissioner of Public Buildings and
Grounds shall be, and hereby is, authorized and
directed, within six months from the termination
of the present session of Congress, to cause the re-
moval of the locomotive railway track in front of
the west entrance and the public grounds adjoining.
All acts or parts of acts inconsistent with this pro-
vision are hereby repealed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I desire to say
in regard to this amendment, which was
adopted on motion of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] with a modifi-
cation suggested by myself, that on consult-
ation with the gentleman who moved the
amendment an alteration has been agreed to
which I believe will meet the approbation
of the House. I ask that, instead of the
words "within six months from the termina-
tion of the present session of Congress,"
there be substituted " within two years from
the passage of this act."
Mr. BANKS. I agree to that.
The amendment was modified as suggested,
and as modified was agreed to.
The question recurred on concurring in the
amendment of the Senate, as amended.
The House divided, and there were—ayes
72, noes 66.
Mr. HOLMAN and Mr. AMBLER called
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
iu the affirmative—yeas 87, nays 86, not vot-
ing 67; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Arthur, Banks, Bingham,
Bird, Boles, Braxton, George M. Brooks, James
