554
APPENDIX TO' THE 00KGtlESSiON"AL GLOBE.
[June 3,
Senate.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Carpenter.
42d Cong....2d Sesb.
established; in the first, by selling to the warring
Powers"—
Not to somebody to export directly to the
warring Power—
" who come to the neutral country to buy them;
in the seoond, by the neutral subjects or citizens
carrying them to the countries of the Powers at war,
and there selling them."
Mr. SCHURZ. Who writes that?
Mr. CARPENTER. That was by a Sec-
retary of State of the United States in 1796,
Timothy Pickering. Not only does Vattel in
language too plain to be misunderstood lay
down this distinction, but here we find the same
doctrine insisted upon, enforced, and main-
tained by our own State Department in 1796.
He then refers to the work of Galliani on this
subject and says, commenting upon book one
and quoting from it:
" Much greater is the number of those who be-
lieved that every belligerent Power possesses essen-
tially the right of forbidding neutral Powers to sell
arms and warlike stores to its enemy; and that this
is a lull right, that is, a right of strict justico. They
do not distinguish tbe circumstanco, when the neu-
tral Powers carry on trade with one of the belliger-
ents, and supply it with arms and warlike stores,
and when, with perfectimpartiaiit.y, they trade with
both. In tho first case, the preference of one party
is apparent, and thenceforward the slighted and
neglected party begins to possess a right in regard
of the ucutral State, for friendship with it is at an
end ; but tus in the other case friendship does not
appear to have ceased, there is not yetto he discov-
ered any reason to act inimioally on this account
toward a friend.
'* And, in truth, this reflection haslod many writ-
ers to conclude that neutral Powers oannot bo for-
bidden to exercise a free trade, even in contraband,
as long as they exercise it 111 an imp.ntiat manner
with hotli belligerent parties, or aro willing to doso.
I. too, can not say that they deeido very unjustly."
Agaiu, the Secretary of State, after citing
these authorities, sums up as follows;
"Then follow what the author states as the true
positions of this matter, some of which you have
cited:
" 1. When a belligerent nation desires a friendly
neutral nation to oarry no contraband to its enemy,
it must formally disclose its wish, silence importing
ft satisfaction in the natural state of things."
I regret exceedingly that my strength will
not permit me to pursue this letter further, but
it draws precisely the distinction, and bases
it upon these authorities, which is maintained
by this report, the distinction between our own
nation inside its own territory and the rights
of our citizens who go beyond our jurisdic-
tion with protection to trade, subject to all the
exigencies of war, with oue of the belligerent
Powers.
All that the law of nations requires of any
nation in the particular of neutrality, as the
authors all sum it up, is impartiality ; what
you do to one you shall do to another. Some
books have said that within the meaning of
this rule you cannot send an equal amount of
trooDS tu one nation and to the other, because
that is a particular in which it is impossible to
be impartial between the two. That is made
the exception to the rule ; but where the nation
throws open its shops, its markets, to both
belligerents for the purpose of trade, whether
it be ships of war, or caunon, or cartridges, or
oilier munitions for military service, neither
has a right to complain. It is only, according
to these authorities, when the neutral Power
furnishes one belligerent and refuses to furnish
the other that there is any cause of com-
plaint; and here this author lays it down that
if either of the belligerent Powers wishes to
restrain the neutral Power from that, it is the
duty of that nation first to give notice to the
neutral and request him not to make such
Apply this doctrine to the case in hand as
we all know it, what was the position of Ger-
many here? These sales were being made
openly by the Government, under advertise-
ment, as everybody knew. The German min-
ister liere, understanding that these sales were
going on, as it is said, informed bis Govern-
ment of that fact, asked for instructions on
the matter, was informed by the German chan-
cellor that there was no violation of law in it,
further informed thatthe German nation did not
wish to buy auy arms here ; no objection was
made, no protest, not the slightest opposition
offered to the sale of these arms on the part of
the Government, although it was alleged that
sales were to agents of France. The ease as
made by the German minister to his own Gov-
ernment assumes one of the points in dispute
here, but he put the ease upon the ground
that the sales were being made to agents of
France, as I shall have occasion to show
hereafter.
During the war between France and Prussia
the workshops of England were open to both
belligerents. ' During the rebellion in this
country both North and South obtained arms
in England, manufactured in the armories of
England. Both parties being recognized as
belligerents were allowed to trade in cannon,
in muskets, in ammunition, in all the supplies
of war ; and nobody, that I know of, has com-
plained that, conceding the belligerency of both
parties, there was any violation of neutrality
in those soles
Mr. SCHURZ. Will the Senator permit
me to put a question to him ?.
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly.
Mr. SCHURZ. Does he state that during
the pendency of the war between France and
Germany the English Government manufac-
tured for and sold arms to either of the
bell igerents ?
Mr. CARPENTER, I have not stated that.
Mr. SCHURZ. I understood the Senator
to say that the English armory was-mauufac
taring arias for sale at that time ?
Mr. CARPENTER. I said no such thing.
Mr. SCHURZ. Then 1 misunderstood the
Senator.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, as a
part of this discussion, and an importantpropo-
sition to be considered in connection with this
subject and in connection with the distinction
which lam making between what a neutral
Government may do inside of its own territory
and what its subjects may do abroad, let me
remark that the whole subject of contraband
of war relates to maritime law. There is no
such thing as contraband of war inside of neu-
tral territory; there cannot be. Munitions of
war only become contraband of war when
they become the subject of foreign commerce.
In the sixth Massachusetts Reports, in a well-
considered opinion of Chief Justice Parsons,
than whom no sounder or clearer or more ac-
curate lawyer ever sat on an American bench
or the bench of any other country, we find the
definition of contraband of war. I quote from
page 114 of the sixth volume of Massachusetts
Reports :
"Goods contraband of war are of two descrip-
tions: munitions of war, the property of a neutral,
bound from a neutral port to th© territory of either
of tho belligerents, after the existence of the war is
known; and every species of neutral goods bound
from a neutral port to a port belonging to cither of
the Powers at war, and known to be blockaded by
the other Power. The principle, therefore, on whioh
a belligerent will capture and condemn as prize th©
goods of a neutral bound to a port known by him to
be blockaded arises from the consideration that
all such goods are contraband of war."
And therefore these arms, these muskets,
these cartridges, all the munitions which have
been referred to, while they were upon our
own territory were not contraband of war,
and the whole doctrine, authorities, and decis-
ions relating to that subject did not apply to
them until they passed beyond the exclusive
jurisdiction of the United States and became
the subject of foreign commerce. To show
that the fact, if it were conceded, that these
sales were made to known and authorized
agents of France would not have violated
our neutral obligations, I read from a letter
of Mr. Jefferson found in the third volume of
Jefferson's Works, page 558:
"The purchase of arms and military accouter-
ments by an agent of the French Government, m
this country, with an intent to export them to
Prance, is the subject of another of tiie memorial*.
Of this fact we are equally uninformed as of the
former. Ourcitizenshave been alwaysfree to make,
vend, and export arms."
He is speaking here of a sale by the citizen
and not by the Government, because that was
the case before him. The difference between
the writers on this subject and the Senator
from Missouri is that they talk to the case and
never deliver general essays on other subjects
not connected with the matter in hand.
44 It is the constant ocuupation and livelihood of
some of them. To suppress their callings, the oniy
means peihaps of their subsistence, because a war
exists in foreign and distant countries in whieii we
have no concern, would scarcely be expected. It
would be hard in principle, and imposbible in prac-
tice. The law of nations, theicforc, respecting tho
rights of those at peace, docs not require from them
such an internal derangement in their occupations.
It is satisfied with the external penalty pronounced
in the President's proclamation, thu t of confiscation
of such portion of these arms as shall fall into the
hands of any of the belligerent Powers on then way
to the ports, of their enemies. To this penalty our
citizens are warned that they will bo abandoned;
and that even private contraventions nny work no
inequality between the parties at war. tbe benefits
of them will bo left equally free and open to all."
Upon this general subject f refer also to the
second volume of Wildman's International
Law, at page *211, and I ask the Secretary to
read the passage I have marked.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
" Goods going to a neutral port ca nnot come under
the description of contraband, inasmuch as sill goods
with a neutral destination are equally lawtuL So
it was held that a cargo could nor come under tho
description of contraband wli ch innocently
shipped on board n vessel which billed in honn jide
ignorance of war. Nor can any question oi contra-
band ause as to goods sold by ncutrahs in then own
country and not conveyed in neutral vessels. A
neutral may lawfully sell in his own country to a
belligerent arras, ammunition, and other articles
which would be contraband on board a neutral
vessel destined to a hostile port."
Mr. CARPENTER. I will now refer to
De Burgh upon international law.
Mr. SCHURZ. 1 would ask the Senator,
in order to obtain all tbe information ] can
from him, how the quotation just read applies
to the case?
Mr. CARPENTER. I will have this read,
and then I will try to show the Senator. I
cannot do everything at once.
The'Chief Clerk read as follows:
"Commerce on the part of a neutral with a bel-
ligerent country constitutes no olfense against the
law of nations. Even wheie armed vessels or muni-
tions of war are the subjects ot sale, the ruuitral
shipper of such articles is not, in the absence of spe-
cific treaty engagements, an offender against his
own sovereign, or liable to be punished by tho
municipal laws of his own country. The transac-
tion is a commercial adventure, which no nation is
bound to prohibit, and which only exposes the per-
sons engaged in it to tbe penalty of confiscation.
To this extent it is unlawful, as itsubjects the prop-
erty to seizure by the other belligerents. But a neu-
tral nation is under no obligation whatever to inter-
fere to prevent its subjects trading in articles of
contraband with the subjects of a belligerent, pro-
vided that in so doing its conduct is marked by that
impartiality which should distinguish the transac-
tions of a neutral countrv in its relations with bel-
ligerent States. This is the language of all writers
of authority on this subject, and the point has been
explicitly confirmed by judicial decisions.
" A neutral nation, says Dr. Twiss, is not bound
to prohibit its subjects from trading in any article
whatsoever with merchants who frequent irs ports,
and who may be the subjects of belligerent Powers;
for the sovereignty of a neutral nation within its
own territory is as absolute with regard to nations
which are at war with each other as in regard to na-
tions which maintain relations of peace with each
other. The duty of aneutral nation, as such, toward
belligerent nations is comprised in one word, impar-
tiality. It is not the duty of aneutial nation, as such,
to undertake to prevent merchants who frequent its
ports from carrying out of ^jurisdiction the articles
which they may have purchased on the ground tbat
those articles may be destined to the uses of a belli-
gerent Power 5 it is the business of every belligerent
Power to enforce its rights of war, if it gees fit, on
the high seas, or within the enemy's territory. A
neutral nation aaay indeed bind itself by treaty en-
gagements with a belligereutnation not to allow any
