1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3295
llr. WILLARD. I aslced for the morning
hour one week ago. but, it was given to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. I think we ought
tj have a morning hour. There has been but
oae morning hour for private bills within the
last five weeks.
Mr. RANDALL. The morning hour was
promised to us last Friday, but it was not
given.
The SPEAKER. The matter is for the
House to decide. The question is on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] to go into the Committee of the Whole
to consider first for one hour the fortification
bill, and afterward the tariff bill.
The question being taken on agreeing to the
motion, there were—ayes 49, noes 52; no
quorum voting.
Mr. DAWES. I do not know whether it
is understood by the House that this is not a
contest between the Committee of Ways and
Means and the Committee on Appropriations.
The SPEAKER. The question is simply
whether the House will have a morning hour
or whether it will go into Committee of the
Whole at once. No quorum having voted on
the question, the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, Mr. Dawes, and the gentleman from
Vermont, Mr. Willard, will act as tellers.
Mr. RANDALL. If the motion to go into
Coinmir.tee of the Whole be agreed to, it outs
off the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. It does, as a matter of
course.
The House again divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 52, noes 78.
So the motion of Mr. Dawes was not
agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour now
begins at twenty-three minutes before twelve
o'clock, and report% are in otder from the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and
War of 1812.
SIMEON FAllNSWOUTII.
Mr. WILLARD, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions and War of 1812, re-
ported back a bill (H R. No. 2130) granting
a pension to Simeon Farnsworth, oi Danviile,
Vermont.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension roll the name of Sim-
eon Farnsworth, of Danville, Vermont, under
the provisions of the pension act of February
14, 1871, and to pay him a pension at the rate
of eight dollars per month from the date of
that act, Farnsworth having served as apu-
vate in the war of 1812 for more than sixty
days.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr WILLARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JESSE Sl'COY.
Mr. WILLARD, from the same committee,
reported n bill (II. 14. No. 2712) for the relief
ot Jesse McCoy; winch was read a first and
second time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior, out of any moneys in the
■treasury not otherwise appropriated, to pay
to Jesse McCoy, executor oi the la<t will of
Su«an McCoy, of Jefferson county, Kentucky,
lately deceased, the amount of pension due
on pension certificate No. 7155, issued by the
pension department in July, 1863, to said
Susan McCoy as the widow of Jesse McCoy,
a revolutionary soldier, the said Susan McCoy
having deceased on the 17ih of July, 1803.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILLARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
saraii pond.
Mr. WILLARD, from the same committee,
reported back a bill (H. R. No. 2339) grant-
ing a pension to Sarah Pond, with the recom-
mendation that, it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Interior be directed to place
on the pension-roll of the United States the
name of Sarah Pond, widow of Adam Pond,
who served as a private soldier in the war of
the Revolution, the said Sarah Pond to receive
a pension at the rate of eight dollars per
month from the passage of this act during her
natural life.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read a third time, and passed.
Mr. WILLARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
klisiia franklin.
Mr. COMINGO, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions and War of 1812, re-
ported back a bill (H. R. No. 1570) directing
that a bounty land warrant for one hundred
and sixty acres of land be issued to Eiisha
Franklin for military services in.the war of
1812, with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that, the
Secretary of the Interior be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to issue to Eiisha
Franklin a bounty'laud warrant for one hun-
dred and sixty acres ot land for military ser-
vices rendered by said Franklin in the war of
1812.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is there any report
in this case ?
The SPEAKER. There is.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. These bills seem
to be going through very rapidly without any-
body (laying attention to them. I ask that the
report in this case be read.
it appears from the report, which was read,
that from the evidence before the committee
in suppoit of this claim, the claimant's con ect
name is Eiisha Franklin ; that he was a soldier
in the war of 1812 ; that he was a member of
Captain I'nomas Bun-well's company, Virginia
militia; that he served from the 3d to the
27th of September, 1814, and that the app'i-
cant is the person who served as aforesaid.
It further appears that the said Franklin ap-
plied 10 the Commissioner of Pensions for a
bounty land warrant, and that the same was
refused because of his inability to establish
his ldenthy to the satisfaction of that officer.
The muster-rolls show that, one Elijah Frank-
lin served in said Burrwell's company, and as
the claimant's real name is Eiisha, Iris appli-
cation is suspended. The committee find that
Franklin served in said company; that he
seived for the term alleged by claimant, and
they further find that claimant was known by
the name of Elij th, and was called by that
name by his neighbor, although his correct
name is Eiisha, and therefore they recommend
the pass;'ge of the bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COMINGO moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IIUGII T. FERGUSON.
Mr. COMINGO also, from the same com-
mitree, reported back a bill (H. R. No. 652)
granting a pension to Hugh T. Ferguson, a
private soldier of the war ot 1812.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Interior be, and lie is hereby,
authorized and directed to place on the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions and limita-
tions of the pension laws, the name of Hugh
T. Ferguson, late a private soldier in the war
of 1812, and to pay him a pension from and
after the passage of this act at the rate of eight
dollars per month.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let the report in
this case be read.
The report was read. It states that the
claimant was a private in Captain George W.
Lightner's company, forty-ninth regiment
Maryland militia, in the war of 1812; that he
served in said company for more than sixty
days; that he entered the service in the month
of August and was discharged about the mid-
dle of November, 1814; and that he was at
the battle of Baltimore on the 12ih of Septem-
ber of that year. The committee find that the
records of tbe War Department and of the
Interior afford no evidence of the service of
Captain Lightner's compauy.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. • What, then, is the
evidence upon which this pensiou is to be
given ?
Mr. COMINGO. The evidence is in the
records of the State of Maryland.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It seems a very
suspicious circumstance that these claims are
left until this late day.
Mr. WILLAKD. I will state to the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Farn'swortii] that the
office of the Pension Committee of ihe House
is t.o examine cases where the evidence of
service or of injuries is defective. This is just
a case of defective or imperfect evidence of
service. This man served in the Maryland
militia in the last war. There is no record
evidence of his service in the War Department
or the Pension Bureau, and no evidence in
fact of the service of the company in which
he alleges that he served.
There is, however, official evidence in the
records and archives of the Sute of Maryland
of the service of this company and of the ser-
vice of this man, and also evidence of one of
his comrades ot his service which was satis-
factory to the eommitiee. There is also evi-
dence that he participated in one of the en-
gagement, of the last war.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third lime, and passed.
Mr. COMINGO moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The laker motion was agreed to.
nancy cloud.
Mr. COBB, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with the recommendation that it
do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 1213) to restore
to the pension-rolls, Nancy Cloud, widow of
William Cloud, a revolutionary pensioned
The bill was read. It directs the Commis-
sioner of Pensions to place on the pension-roll
the name of Nancy Cloud, widow ot William
Cloud, a revolutionary pensioner, and he is
hereby directed to pay her any sum^wlnch
may be due herassuch ftom the Uniteu States.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
| read a iturd time ; and being engrossed, it was
| accordingly read the third lime, and passed.
I Mr. COBB moved to reconsi fer the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER of business.
Mr. WILLARD. There are no further re-
ports from the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions and War of 1812.
The SPEAKER. Reports arenowin order
from the Committee on Invalid Peusions.
pension law.
Mr. MOORE. I desire, on behalf of the
