1872.-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQB®.
4191
COLONBL FRANCIS VIGO.
■ Mr.'HOWB. I now move to take up House
bill No. 1121.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. 11. No. 1421) referring
the claim of the heirs and legal representa-
tives of Colonel Francis Vigo, deceased, to the
Court ot' Claims for adjustment. The bill
proposes to refer the claim of the heirs and
legal representatives of Colonel Francis Vigo,
deceased, late of Tarre Haute, Indiana, for
money and supplies furnished the troopsunder
command of General George Rogers Clark, in
the year 1778, during the revolutionary war,
along with the papers and official documents
belonging _ thereto, to the Court of Claims,
with full jurisdiction to adjust and settle it,
and in making such adjustment and settle-
ment the court is to be governed by the rules
snd regulations heretofore adopted by the
United States in the settlement of like cases,
giving proper consideration to official acts, if
any have heretofore been had iu connection
with this claim, and without regard to the
statutes of limitations.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
CHARLES H. THOMPSON.
Mr. HOWE. I now move to take up House
bill No. 2029.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 202:)) for the re-
lief of Charles H. Thompson, of Ne,w Orleans,
Louisiana. The Secretary of the Treasury is
directed by the bill to pay to Charles II.
Thompson.of New Orleans, Louisiana, the sum
ot $3,100, the same to be received by Thomp-
son in lull satisfaction for his claim against the
Government, for the failure of title to a certain
stejm saw-mill, machinery, and dwelling,
located on block sixty six, city of Shreveport,
Louisiana,sold to him by the Governmentunder
orders from the military division of the west
Mississippi, at Shreveport, in the State of
Louisiana, oil the 1st of May, I860.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
IICJJIPIIltKY M. WOODTARD.
Mr. HOWE. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 114.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee ot the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. Ii. No. 114) for the relief
of the heirs of Lieutenant Colonel Humphrey
M. Woodyard, lateof the twenty-first Missouri
infantry. The preamble recites that in the
year 18G3 stoppage was made against the pay
of officers of the twenty-first regiment Mis-
souri infantry volunteers by Major H. V. Sul-
livan, paymaster United States Army, and the
amount of pay stopped against Humphrey M.
Woodyard,deceased, lieutenant colonel twenty-
first regiment Missouri infantry volunteers, was
§1,099 07, which, afterthedeath of Humphrey
M. Woodyard, was found erroneously stopped.
The bill therefore directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay Alice N. Woodyard, Nantilla
M. Woodyard, Marce B. Woodyard, James N.
Woodyard, and Sue Woodyatd the sum of
$>1,099 07, being the amount due the heirs of
Ii. M. Woodyard, deceased.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordeied to a third reading, read
the third lime, and passed.
BLACK AND COOPER.
Mr. HOWE. I now move to take up House
bill No. 887.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 887)
for the relief of Samuel Black and Albert R.
Cooper. It empowers aud directs Godfrey
Weitzel, of the corps of engineers, United
States Army, and in charge of the improve-
ment of the Louisville canal, subject to the
approval of the chief of the corps of en-
gineers, to adjust and pay, out of any money
appropriated for the improvement of the
canal, to Samuel Black and Albert It. Cooper
any legal or equitable claim they may have
against the United States arising out. of their
contract to perforin work on the improvement
of the canal in 1870 and 1871; but there is not
to be paid to them, in any event, over $20,000,
nor more under that sum than, together with
any sums already paid to them on account of
the contract and work, will be equal to the
fair and reasonable value to the Government
of the work done by them for the Government
under such contract.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM M. STAFFORD.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
2038.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. K. No. 2038) for the re-
lief of William M. Stafford, late acting district
attorney for Montana Territory. It is a direc-
tion to the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
William M. Stafford $500 as compensation
for his services rendered as acting United
States district attorney for Montana Territory
during the years 1866 07.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, redd
the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM J. CLARK.
Mr. HOWE, I move now to take up House
bill No. 2791.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as iu Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (li. R. No. 2791) for the
relief of William J. Clark, administrator of
Gad li. Upson, deceased. It proposes to
direct the Secretary of the Interior to audit,
settle, and adjust upon just and equitable
principles, the accounts of William J. Clark,
administrator of the estate of Gad E. Upson,
deceased, late United States agent for the
Blackfoot and other Indians in the territory of
Montana, and commissioner on the part of the
United States for disbursements made and ser-
vices rendered on behalf of the Government;
but the amountallowed is not to exceed $2 000.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ALBXANDUR M'ARTIICtt.
Mr. HOWE, I move to take up House bill
No. 1382.
The motion was agreed t.o ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1382) for the
relief of Alexander McArthur, of the city of
Coruuna, iu the State of Michigan. It pro-
poses that the sum of $756 be allowed aud
paid to Alexander McArthur, of Corunna,
Michigan, for damages sustained by him in
consequence of injuties to his house in Corunna,
leased to the United States on the 15th day of
August, 1863, for barracks for the provost
marshal's office for the sixth district of Mich-
igan, which injuries were done by the soldiers
occupying the same.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Dwioirr J. m'cann.
Mr. HOWE. I move to take up House bill
No. 2890. _ -
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 2890) for the relief
of D wight J. McCann. It is a direction to the
Secretary of the Interior to examine the claim
of Dwight J. McCann op account ot losses
sustained by breach of contract for the trans-
portatiou of Indian supplies at Omaha, Ne-
biaska, in May, 1866, and to adjust and settle
the same, not to exceed the sum of $4,890 75.
The bill was ri-ported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
F. AND E KEED.
Mr. HOWE. I move to take up House bill
No. 1420.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1420) for the re-
lief of F. and 15. Reed, of Bath, Maine. Jt is
a direction to the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to F. and E. Reed, of Bath, Maine, own-
ets and agents of the ship William M. Reed,
the sum of $1,200 in full satisfaction yf all
claims in behalf of the owners of the ship for
her arrest and detention in the port of Valen-
cia, Spain, by the American consul, in Oc-
tober, 1869, for the protection of American
citizens.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and
DR. JOHN II. M QOOWN.
Mr. HOWE. I move to take up House
bill No. 2032.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill
(H. R. No. 2032) for the relief of Dr. Joliu
H. McQuown, of Illinois, was considered as in
Cotnniitt.ee of the Whole. It proposes to
direct the Paymaster General to cause to be
allowed and paid, out of any money subject to
his order for the pay of the Army, to Dr. John
H. McQuown, of Illinois, the sum of $1,020,
in full satisfaction for all military and medical
services rendered the United States by Mc-
Quown as acting assistant surgeon of the sixty-
second regiment of Illinois volunteer infantry.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, re^d
the third time, and passed.
MICHAEL I?, GANNETT.
Mr. HOWE. I move to take up House bill
No. 1419.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. Ii. No. 1419) for the relief
of Michael F. Gannett. It is a direction to
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay Michael
F. Gannett, of Bath, Maine, agent of the ship
Atasca, the sum of $172 20, in full satis-
faction for an excessive hospital tax exacted
from the ship Atasca at the port of New
Orleans, in,October, 1870, and to charge the
same to the marine hospital fund.
The Commit'ee on Claims reported the bill
with an amendment, to strike out all after the
enacting clause and, in lieu thereof to insert
the following as a substitute :
That the Secretary of the Treasury be. and he is.
authorized and directed to pay to theseamen of the
ship Atasca, out of any money in tiie Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, the sum of $172 20, in
their proper distributive shares in full satisfaction
for exeessivo hospital taxes exacted Irom said ship
Atasca, at the port of New Orleans, in October,
in the year 1870, and charge the same to the marine
hospital fund.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
The title was amended to read, "A bill for
the relief of the seamen of the ship Atasca."
GEORGE T. WIGGINS.
Mr. HOWE. I move next to take tip Sen-
ate bill No. 377.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the biil (S. No. 377) for the relief of
the legal representatives of the late George
