18*72. ]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
555
42d Coxa....2d Sess,
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. •Carpenter.
Senate.
merchant* to purchase within its jurisdiction certain
articles it they are to be carried to the ports of the
adverse belligerentbut the observance of such
treaty engagements will be inconsistentwith neutral-
ity uniess the neutral nation should apply the same
prohibition equally to all merchants intending to
carry such article to the ports of either belligerent.
It is not, however, the practice of natiots to under-
take to piolubu by their territorial laws merchants
from purchasing in their ports those articles which a
belligerent Power inay confiscate to its own uses,
jure belli, it it finds them on the high seas in the
course ot transpoit to the ports of the enemy, much
IpfS is it the practice of neutral nations to confiscate
such articles afcerpuiehase while they are within its
jurisdiction. A belligerent alone has any right./wre
btili, to take posre.-sion of that which is the property
of another person.
"To a similar effect is the opinion of Kluber, who
obseived, on the received custom of European na-
tions, to allow the subjects of a belligerent to pur-
chase from a neutral Power articles which serve
tor immediate use in war, provided that the pur-
chase is made in the neutral country by the belliger-
ents and reported by them. And a modern French
■writeron public law, M. Ortolan, in maintaining the
same doctrine, remarked that to allow the subjects
of either belligerent to come and purchase articles
in a neutral market does not constitute a violation
of neutrality; for a neutral nation cannot be re-
sponsible foi the ultimate uses to wInch such arti-
cles may be applied, nor is it bound to know for
whom they are bought, or what destination is re-
served ior them. The judgments ot the Supreme
Court and the opinion ot the Attorney General of
the United States have assisted to uphold and even
to extend this rule, as to the operation ot which
Chancellor Kent remarks that it was successfully
shown by the United States, in opposition to the
contention of the French Government in 1796, that
neutiulsmay lawfully sell at home to a belligerent
imroha&er or carry themselves to the belligerent
?owers contraband articles subject to the right of
seizure in transitu, a doctrine which had received
the express recognition ol the judicial authorities
in America."—Dc Burgh,
Mr, CARPENTER. As I remarked before,
this is not a question in regard to contraband
ot war; yet the authorities mingle the two
subjects so that it is impossible to consult
them upon the one subject without a'so read-
ing what they say upon the other. But the
precise point which I am trying here to estab-
lish—the distinction between what the nation
as such may du 111 its own territory and what
it may perhaps not do beyond its teiritory,
but its subjects may—is sustained in clear lan-
guarge by this authority which has just been
read. 11 The duty of a neutral nation as such;"
that is, as a nation "toward belligerent
nations" is comprised in one word—impar-
tiality. Itis not the duty of a neutral nation, as
such, to underiake to prevent merchants who
frequents its ports from carrying out of its
jurisdiction the articles which they may have
purchased, on the ground that those articles
may be destined to the use of a belligerent
Power." Taking that as a correct statement
of the doctrine—and here I may say that this
authority refers to the decisions of our own
Supreme Court, and the decisions in Massa-
chusetts, and the writings of various element-
ary writers, on pages 117, 118, and 119, which
have been read—assuming this to be the
true doctrine, let me come now to ask—and
every principle of international law must have
some reason to rest upon, or it is no princi-
ple—if a nation may (and this authority says
it may) allow the merchants or agents of
France to come into this country and buy
munitions of war for use by the French nation,
What reason is there in saying that the Gov-
ernment itself, if it be a dealer in such com-
modities, may not in its own territory do what
it may authorize its merchants to do and pro-
tect them in doing?
The distinction which is attempted to be
made by the Senators from Massachusetts and
Missouii rests upon the mere accident of lan-
guage. The cases which have been discussed
have been cases of contraband of war, such
being the subjects under discussion by prize
courts; And most of the writers, treating of
cases where the citizens of a neutral have
trafficked with the belligerent nation or the
subjects of a belligerent nation, the language
of these courts and writers relates to such
traffic ; hut when you rise above the mere tech-
nicalities of the question, when you seek for
a principle upon which a nation may stand,
and which it may vindicate with the extreme
argument of war, and which need only to be
right and sound in reason, I defy any man to
show why within our own limits the nation may
not as well sell arms to a French agent as to
authorize me to do so and protect me in doing
so, because as a citizen of the United States
exercising lawful trade it is the duty of my
Government to protect me while 1 am so doing,
and while I confine iny operations to the ter-
ritory of its sovereignty.
Mr. SCHUEZ. Will the Senator permit
me to ask a question in order to understand
him correctly?
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly.
Mr. SCHURZ. Did he say that the case
which he quoted from and the other quotations
he made referred to trade carried on by private
citizens, by subjects of a neutral nation, as
commercial ventures; or did he quote any
case in which the Government made such sales
directlv ?
Mr. CARPENTER. The honorable Sen-
ator from Missouri is not a dull man, and he is
entirely capable of comprehending what is said
in ordinary plainness of language ; and I must
therefore suppose that I am unusually stupid
to-day if I cannot make him comprehend what
I said upon that subject without repeating it.
What I said was this, that in principle when
you left the cases, when you departed from the
technicality of the decisions which must always
be confined to the particular facts before the
court, and rose to principles upon which the
natioti might stand and which they might
defend by force, because founded in reascm,
there was no ground for the distinction main-
tained between a sale by our Government and
a sale made by our citizens, both sales being
made within our territory.
1 then said that the language of the books
was confined to contraband commerce, because
the cases which had been treated of belonged
to that class; but that in principle no distinc-
tion could be maintained between a sale of
arms made by the United States upon their
own soil and a sale made by an American
merchant within our own country. The au-
thorities clearly establish that an American
manufacturer might in this country have exe-
cuted an order from the Government of Ger-
many or France for cannon, arms, or other
munitions of war, pending the war between
those Governments. Now, what I maintain as
matter of sense and reason is that whatever
the United Slates may authorize their merchants
to do, and protect them in doing, may be done
by the United States themselves. What dif-
ference does it make to the belligerent whether
the neutral Government sells its surplus arms
to an agent of the other belligerent, or first to
a merchant of the neutral country knowing
that he will sell them to such agent? And
yet it is clear beyond question that the neu-
tral State may sell to its own merchants and
protect them in selling within the territory of
the neutral to the agents of a belligerent na-
tion. What may lawfully be done by indirec-
tion may lawfully be done by direct and open
transactions on the part of the Government
itself. Suppose the United States, looking to
the policy of keeping in operation all the
instrumentalities for manufacturing arms and
munitions of war, the training of skilled
mechanics, and all that, should establish a
number of armories and manufactories suffi-
cient to turn out a vast supply of munitions
of war beyond what was required for our own
use, with the intention of selling the surplus
to foreign nations. Such a proceeding would
be entirely lawful on the part of this Govern-
ment under the international code. Now, the
authorities are all agreed that what a nation
may do within its own territory when the
world is at peace, it may do within its own
territory while other nations are at war; pro-
vided that in prosecuting its customary busi-
ness it preserves impartiality toward the belli-
gerent Powers. If, pending a war between
France and.Germatiy, orFrance and England,
the United States had a large surplus of arms,
and should sell to one, and should refuse to
sell to the other belligerent, without good rea-
son for such discrimination, founded in prior
treaty, or resting upon other sufficient grounds,
then the proscribed belligerent would have
cause of complaint. But while our Govern-
ment was willing to sell to either belligerent
upon equally favorable terms neither could
complain.
It is conceded that pending such war the
United States might sell their surplus arms on
our own soil to our own merchants, and that
such merchants could sell to an agent of either
of the belligerents ; and that a neutral State
is not bound to stop the exportation of warlike
stores by its own merchants when it is noto-'
nous that they are designed to be used hy one
of the belligerents. There is therefore no
ground whatever, in reason or expediency, for
the distinction which is attempted to be main-
tained.
But, Mr. President, in the speech of the
Senator from Missouri the other evening I
understood him substantially to abandon the
charge that these sales were made in violation
of our neutrality under the law of nations.
Mr. SCHURZ. Not at all.
Mr. CARPENTER. He says " not at all."
A great part of bis argument was to show
that these sales were made under such cir-
cumstances as to be in violation of the rule
which the War Department had established
for itself during the continuance of the
French-German war. What he contended for
was that the direction which had been given
by the Secretary of War to his subordinates
not to sell to Remington had not been carried
out. Why, Mr. President, that order of the
Secretary of War to his subordinates was a
breath, and might be recalled by a breath. Its
observance or non-observance is a matter in
which other nations have no interest or con-
cern. The whole subject was witehin the dis-
cretion of the Secretary of War; and if we
violated no neutral obligations as fixed and
established by the law of nations, no foreign
Power had any right to inquire into the ob-
servance or non-observance of our internal
municipal regulations.
Now, what did the Government do? I shall
spend no more time on the question of what
it had a right to do. What did it do? The
Government went on selling arms to every-
body who came until the 13th of October,
1870. On the morning of that day it made
a large sale to Remington & Sons, to be
delivered subsequently as the arms could
be collected from the arsenals and different
depositaries of the United States. At a sub-
sequent interview on that day, Mr. Squire,
an agent of the Remingtons, exhibited to the
Secretary of War a telegram from Ilion, New
York, to W. C. Squire at the Arlington
House, Washington, Remington being in
France, as follows :
"Remington telegraphs if y«uhavenotyet bought
for the Government you will be able to do so on
better terms. By decree of the Government, issued
yesterday, all arms entering Eranee are liable to bo
taken as national property and paid for according
to appraisement. Speculators m arms intended for
Prance will find their profits small. Competition
"with you has been forced and fictitious."
From this telegram, unexplained, the Secre-
tary of War inferred that the Remingtons were
buying arms as the agents of the French Gov-
ernment; and in over-caution, the exercise of
a prudence which was not required by law, the
Secretary of War directed that no further sales
