1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2399
Brooks, Buckley, Roderick II. Butler, Carroll,
William T. Clark, Freeman Clarke, Cobb. Coghfan,
Critcher, Darrall.De Large, Dunnell, Eames, Eld-
rcdge, Ely, Forker, Charles Foster, Frye, Griffith,
Haldeman, Ilaie, Hambleton, Ilanfeock, Harper,
George 15. Harris. Hays. John W. Hazelton, Hib-
bard. Hoar, Hooper, Kelley, Kellogg. Kendall,
Lamport, Lansing, Lynch, Maynard, McClelland,
Mcjunkin. Merriam, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Leonard Myers, Packard. Isaac C. Parker, Peck,
Pendleton, Perce, Aaron F. Perry. Peters, Poland,
Potter, Prindle, Rainey, Rogers. Sargent. Sawyer,
Seeley, Sessions, Sherwood, Slocurn, H. Boardman
Smith, John A. Smith, Starkweather, Stowell,
Strong, Swann, Thomas, "Washington Townsend
Turner, Twicheil, Waldron. Wallace, Warren. Wil-
lard, Williams of Indiana, Williams of N'ew York,
Winchester, and Wood—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Ames, Beatty,
Bell, Bigby. Biggs, Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett,
Benjamin F. Butler, Coburn, Comingo, Conger,
Cotton, Crossland, I)a.vis, Dawes, Du Bose, Duell,
Duke. Finkelnburg, Wilder D. Foster. Garfield, Gar-
rett, Golladay, Goodrich, Handley, Hanks, John T.
Harris, Havens, Hay, Hereford, Ilerndon, Holman,
Houghton, Kerr, King, Leach, Lewis, Lowe, Man-
son, Marshall, McCormick, McCrarv, McGrew, Mc-
Ilenry, Molntyre, McICee. Mercur, Monroe, Moore,
Morgan, Morphis, Orr, Palmer, IloseaW. Parker,
Eli Perry, Randall, Read. Edward Y. Rice, Ellis
H. Roberts, William R.Roberts, Shanks, Sheldon,
Slater, Snapp, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Stevens,
Stevenson, Storm, Stoughton, Taffe, Terry. _Tyner,
Upson, Van Trump, Vaughan, Wakeraan. Walden.
AVells, Wheeler, Whitthorne, Jeremiah M. Wilson,
and John 'J1. Wilson—86.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Acker, Averill, Barber,
Barnum, Barry, Beck, Beveridge, Austin Blair,
James G. Blair, Bright Caldwell, Campbell, Con-
ner, Cox, Crebs, Cieely, Crocker, Dickey, Donnan,
Dox, Elliott, Farnsworth, Farwell, Henry D. Foster,
Getz, Halsey, Harmer, Hawley, Gerry W. Hazelton,
Hill, Ketcham, Killinger, Kinsella, Lamison, Mc-
Kinnev, McNeely, Mitchell, Morey, Neglcy, Nib-
lack, Packer, Piatt. Porter, Price, John M. Rice,
Ritchie, Robinson, Roosevelt, Rusk, Scofield, Shel-
labarger, Shober, Shoemaker, Sloss, Worthmgton
C. Smith, Snyder, R. Milton Speer, St. John, Suth-
erland, Syfiber, Dwight Townsend,Tuthill,Voorhees,
Waddell, Walls, Whiteley, and Young—67.
So the amendment of the Senate as amended
was concurred in.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ment was; made:
Mr. DONNAN. On this question_ I am
paired with the gentleman from Virginia, Mr.
Platt. If he were present he would vote
"ay," and I would vote "no."
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to amend
the title of the bill by adding to it the words
" and for other purposes."
The SPEAKER. That amendment has
already been made by the Senate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I had not ob-
served it.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask that the bill (H. R.
No. 1192) making appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of tbe Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes for the year
ending June 30, 1873, and for other purposes,
be taken from the Speaker's table and referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and that
the bill be printed with the amendments num-
bered.
There was no objection, and it was so
ordered.
order of business.
Mr. COBURN. I move that the House
proceed to business on the Speaker's (able. _
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order. As there lias been no morning hour
the Chair cannot entertain the motion to go to
business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. BANKS. I demand the regular order
of business.
elkction contest from dakota.
Mr. MERRICK. I rise to a question of
privilege. I submit a report from the Com-
mittee of Elections on the contested-election
ca°e from the Territory of Dakota, and move
that it be laid upon the table and printed, and
] give notice that I will call it up on some early
day.
The resolution reported by the committee
is as follows:
Resolml, That Mosfs K. Armstrong was duly
elected and is entitled to retain his seat in the Forty-
Second Congress as Delegate from the Territory of
Dakota-
Mr. Merrick's motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. BANKS. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business being demanded, the morning hour
begins at twenty three minutes past three
o'clock, and reports are in order from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
testimonials to consular agents.
Mr. BANKS. Before proceeding to submit
any reports I present a letter from the Secre-
tary of State in relation to the acceptance of
testimonials from the emperor of Germany to
the diplomatic and consular officers of the Uni-
ted States for services rendered to German
subjects during the late war between France
and Germany, and move that it be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
case op dr. houard.
Mr. BANKS. I also present a letter from
the Secretary of State inclosing a telegram
from the chargf? d'affaires at Madrid, relating
to the claim of Dr. Houard for protection as
an American citizen, and move that it be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS. I also present another letter
from the Secretary of State in relation to the
same subject, which I ask to have printed in
the Globe.
There was no objection, and it was so
ordered.
The letter is as follows:
Depmitmen-t op State,
Washington, April 10,1872.
Sir: Mv attention has been directed to the state-
ment ot Dr. John G. Houard, relative to the case
of his brother, laid before the House of Represent-
atives, and printed at length in the Congressional
Globe of the 9th instant.
The writer of the statement appears to have
been misled, possibly by an imperfect reportor tele-
graphic summary of the correspondence in the case.
He says ot the lather ol Dr. Emilio Houard:
"He was naturalized in 1S03, not 1813, as stated in
the correspondence of the State Department; (the
certificate from the court has been sent to the Sec-
retary of State.)"
By referring to the printed correspondence,
(Executive Document No. 223.) page 27. it will be
observed that the correct date, 1803, was stated m
my instruction to Mr. Adee. At page 13 is printed
at length the certificate of naturalization.
The writer says:
"The certificate of M. II.Morris, esq., consul at
Cienfucgos, ot this registry is at the State Depart-
ment, though it happens to be also overlooked in
what purports to be a statement of facts by the
Secretary of State m his letter to Vice President
Colfax."
The certificate of Mr. Morrris was not received at
the State Department until the loth of March, as
appears at page 33. My letter to the Vice President
was written four days previously.
The writer says; . .
" In the letter of tbe Secretary of State it is said
thnt'Di. llouard has resided in Cuba the greater
1 part of his fife, practicing his profession as a citizen
i and surgeon.' If by practicing his profession as a
' citizen ' it is intended to imply that he did so as a
i Spanish subject or so-called Cuban citizen, the
! statement is unwarranted and unjust."
I J3y referring to page 2S of the printed eoirespond-
| ence you will observe that the phrase which 1 used
I W'"S'i'he young Houard was sent to Philadelphia to
S be educated, but returned to Cuba, and he has aetu-
i ally resided in Cuba the greater part of his lile,
! practicing his profession as physiei-m and surgemi.
| I quite understand that an imperfect report of the
t correspondence was the causc of these errors and of
I some others of a similar character.
| Dr. John G. Houard states that his brother had on
i his person when arrested a ceitiucate of his Amen-
! can citizenship. This circumsunce has not been
I mentioned 111 any of the communications addressed
: to the Department. It is not mentioned by Dr.
! Emilio Houard in his letter to the consul printed at
! P''ftio Department of State is entirely in earnest in
1 its efforts for the relief of Dr. Emilio Houurd, aud
| the leport yesterday received from the charge
I d'affaires of the United States at Madrid gives
1 ground for the hope that these efforts may prevail,
j But while ill my correspondence with the bpamsn
authorities I have asserted the fact of Dr. Emilio
Houard's citizenship, I have nevertheless thought
proper, in my correspondence with the friends of
that gentleman, to point out the weak points in his
ease, in Older that they might be strengthened by
additional testimony. Some such additional testi-
mony has been recently received from the consul
general at Havana and has been transmitted to the-
cliargc d'aff tires at Madrid.
Much of Dr. John G. Houard's statement is perti-
nent to the same effect, and it is to be regretted that
these matters were not communicated directly to
the Department.
The Depai tuient will not fail to give careful atten-
tion to whatever may be piescnted in such form that
itcan lie used to advantage in behalfof Dr.Emiiio
Houard.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
HAMILTON FISH.
Hon. N. P. Banks, House of 1'epraentatives.
legislative, etc , appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to a
question of privilege. It will quicken action
upon the legislative appropriation bill if the
House asks for a conference on the disagree-
ing votes and let it go back to the Senate
again. I ask that the bill be relumed to the
Senate with the amendments that we have
concurred in, and that a conference be asked
upon the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
Mr. SCOFIELD. On the amendment
making the appropriation of $400,000. or
authorizing the purchase of public grounds, I
voted no. I find at the Clerk's desk that my
name is not recorded. He also tells me that
if it had been recorded it would have made a
tie vote. I voted on the question, and voted
against the amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. I would inquireif it is not
too late to make any correction that would
affect the result of the vote ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. As I voted, I only want
to have my vote properly recorded.
Mr. DAWES. Does any one propose to
take advantage of a mistake?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent that the proceedings of the House
upon this amendment of the Senate shall be
considered as set back to the moment of finish-
ing the roll-call upon the amendment, and that
the roll be again read, and we proceed from
that point.
Mr. BINGHAM. And allow everyone to
vote who has not voted?
Mr. GARB^IELD, of Ohio. Certainly, if he
was within the bar when the last name on the
roll was called. I make this request in the
interest of fair play simply.
Mr. SARGENT. After the vote has been
announced 
Mr. DAWES. I would like to know if there
is anybody here who proposes to take advan-
tage of a mistake?
The SPEAKER. To whom does the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] ad-
dress his question?
Mr. DAWES. I want to know if there is
any objection to going back as proposed by
the gentleman from Ohio?
Mr. SARGENT. That is only the little
playful way the gentleman has of reflecting
upon other members of the House.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to know if any
one objects to correcting a mistake of the Clerk
in recording (he votes of members .
The SPEAKER. The Chair eannotanswer
that, question. The Chair was about to sub-
mit the proposition to the House, and then it
will be understood.
Mr. BANKS. I hope this matter will be
postponed for the present.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will entertain
it now, as it involves a question of privilege.
Mr. BANKS. The question properly comes
up when the Journal is read.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. And m
the meantime the bill will go to the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would direct
that the bill shall not go to the Senate until
this question has been disposed ot.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the mistake is allowed
to be corrected now, others who did not vote
might be a'lowed now to vote.
