1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
via Rud's, Dorchester, and Wilmington, to
Caledonia, in the State of Minnesota.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. MORTON. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the rea9-
Union fixing the time for the adjournment of,
this session of Congress.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not think it is expe-
dient for us to launch into the broad sea of
discussion opened by that resolution; cer-
tainly not now during this morning hour when
we have come here to day expressly to devote
ourselves to another business. 1 fiope the
Senator will see that it is not expedient to
press that resolution to-day. There are vari-
ous topics which are closely associated with
it which must be discussed. They cannot be
discussed adequately between now and one
o'clock, when the Senate will necessarily pro-
ceed wiih the apportionment bill. I think
it would be a better economy of our time if
we proceeded at once to the apportionment
bill, instead of euteiing upon, the other dis-
cussion. I ask for the yeas and nays on
taking up this resolution.
This yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is manifest that this
resolution of the Senator from Indiana is going
to lead to debate. I ana very anxious that we
should, if possible, get through with the appor-
tionment bill to-day. • I ask the Senator from
Indiana, under the circumstances, if iie is not
willing now that we should take ujj the appor-
tionment bill, and go on with it at once? I
think he will accomplish nothing fay bringing
up at this time the resolution he desires to
have acted upon. There will be but a half
hour, and there is an evident disposition by
some persons to discuss the question. Had
he not better let it lie, I suggest to him, until
it will not be cut off by some other matter? It
would be cut off at one o'clock anyhow. If
he will withdraw his motion, I will ask the
Senate to proceed at once to the consideration
of the apportionment bili.
Mr. COLli. I have a couple of bills that I
should like to dispose of, one from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, that has come to us
from the House, and 1 hope the Senator from
Indiana will allow me to dispose of them, as
it appears very distinctly now that debate will
follow the taking up of the resolution which
he names. •
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The ques-
tion is ou the motion of the Senator from
Indiana.
.Mr. MORTON. I do not think there will
be much discussion on the resolution. Jt
seems some discussion is threatened, and we
had some the other morning, but I think if
the resolution he taken up perhaps we can get
a vote on it before one o'clock. It has been
pending some time, and I have given way from
time to lime for the accommodation of every-
body.
Mr. COLE. If it can be taken up and acted
on without debate I have not the least objec-
tion. Indeed, I would like to have it dis-
posed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Indiana, to procetd to the consideration of
the resolution named by him, upon which the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 17 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Awes.Anthony, Caldwell, Carpen-
ter, Cole, Conklmg, Corbett, Ferry of Connecticut,
Ferry of Michigan. Flanagan, Frclinghoysen, Gil-
bert, Hamilton of Texas Hitchcock, Lewis Morrill
of Vermont. Morton. Norwood, Osborn, Ramsey,
Scott. West, Wilson, and Wright—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Biair, Davis of Kentucky, Davis
of West Virginia, Gotdttiwaite, Johnston, Kelly,
Salisbury. Sawyer, Sehura, Sherman. Sin-ague, Ste-
venson, Stockton, Sumner, Thurtnan, Tipton, and
Trumbull—17. , ,,
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Boreman.
Brownlow, Buckingham. Camoron, Casserly, Chand-
ler, Clayton, Coopor. Crasin, ■ Edmunds, Fenton,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin,Uarlan, Ilill, Uowe,
Kellogg, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Patterson,
Pomeroy. Pool, Pratt. Rice, Robertson, Spencer,
Stewart, Vickers, and Windom—S2-.
, So the motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tion-is before the Senate, and will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, by the Senate, (the House of Represent-
atives concurring.) That each House of Congress
shall be adjourned sine die by the Presiding Officer
thereof on Wednesday, the 29th of May, 1872, at
twelve o'clock m.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion pending is on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Missouri [Mr. ScHUii/.] to the
amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Sumkeb.J which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment to the
amendment, as follows:
Also laws that shall provide for a reduction of the
taritf and internal taxation, and a reform in the
civil service of the United States.
Mr. SCHORZ. Will it be in order for mo
to modify my amendment to the amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly.
Mr. SCHURZ. I withdraw so much as
relates to the tariff and to internal revenue,
so as to preserve only so much as refers to the
ciyil service. I believe the- Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Ciiandlek] commenced a
sneecli on that subject the other day.
" The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so modified. The amendment
to the amendment will be read as modified.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Also a law that shall provido for a reform in the
civil service of the United States.
Mr. SCHURZ. I will merely remark that
if the Senate resolves to adjourn without hav-
ing passed a law providing for a reform of the
civil service it is thereby indicated that the
Senate of the United States does not care any-
thing about the reform of the civil service.
Mr. MORTON. Not much.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like the yeas and
nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CORBETT. I suppose there will be
time enough during the next three months to
pass (he civil service bill for our friend from
Missouri, if he desires to press it.
Mr. SCIII7RZ. In answer to the Senator
from Oregon, I would say that, so far, the
public business has not progressed at all; that
there arc a great many subjects upon which
we shall have to legislate—apportionment hills,
revenue bi ls, and so on ; that our time will be
very limited, ami that if we say now when we
will adjourn, it will be in the power of almost
any minority in this body to prevent any legis-
lation upon any given subject.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, my friend
from Missouri, and those upon that side of the
House, I believe have talked upon civil service
reform until we are thoroughly informed as to
the importance of it; and i think we can take
the vote on that question at any time that it
may be presented. I think It is highly im-
portant that we should fix a day of adjourn-
ment, so that we may vote upon the various
questions as they arise, and decide them, and
let ns go to our homes, and let the business
of the country have some rest.
ThePRESlDINGOFFICEU. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment, upon
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. CARPENTER. If the amendment
should pass and the Senate should finally
consider the subject of civil service inform,
! and vote not to pass a law ou the subject, it
cannot adjourn at all, I suppose.
The question beng taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Blair, Davis of Kentueky, Davis
. of We.it Virginia, Fonton. Goldthwaite, .Johnston,
il Kelly. Norwood. Saulsbury, Rchnra, Stevenson,
Stockton, Sumner. Thurman, Tipton, and- Trum-
bull—16. , ,
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony. Caldwell, Car-
penter, Chandler, Colfc, Conklinir, Corbett, Cragin,
Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan,
Flanagan, Frelinghuyscn. Gilbert, Hamilton of
Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Hitchcock', Kellogg, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Morton, Osborn, Ramsey. Rice.
Scott. Sherman, Spencer, Sprague, West, "Wilson,
and Wright—32.
ABSENT—Messrs. Aleorn, Bayard, Boreman,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Cameron, Casserly, Clay-
ton, Cooper, Hamilton of Maryland, Hill, Howe,
Lewis. Logan, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Patterson,
Pomeroy, Po5l. Pratt, Robertson, Sawyer, Stewart,
Vickers, and Windom—25. ' '
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
' Thf PRESIDING, OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of .the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be reported.
The ChiuV Clerk. The amendment is, at
the end of the resolution to insert:
Provided, That there shall be no adjournment of
Congress uutil after the passage of a supplementary
civil risrhtii law, scouring equality before the law
without distinction ot race or color.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend the
amendment by adding these words :
Nor until the Senate shall have an opportunity to
come to a vote upon - the bill from the House of
Representatives to repeal the duty on coal.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If our old
and respected Senators are disposed to fili-
buster on this resolution, I hope when the
morning hour has expired we shall vote to
sit this question out to day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment, of the Senator from
Illinois to the amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have the yeas and
nays on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, before I
make a few remarks on this proposition I wish
to appeal to my friend, the Senator from Indi-
ana, who has introduced this resolution, to be
good enough to state his reason for thus Urging
it. He does nothing without good reason, I
know; and it may be that if he will be good
enough to state his reason we shall all se^our
way to follow him. As- at present advisea-, I
do not, but T await wit-h interest what the Sen-
ator shall say himself, as the reason why we
should adopt his resolution, and especially in
view of the amendment now proposed by the'
Senator from Illinois.
M'\ MORTON. Mr. President, I do not
wish to debate this question. The Senate has
indicated now by a number of votes its desire
for the adoption of this resolution. I think
and 1 hope that the Senator will not attempt
to prevent the final action of the Senate by
interposing.amendments of this character. I
am for the Senator's supplementary civil rights
.bill, as he knows : but if we cannot pass \t by
the 2'Jth of May, we cannot pass it at all, and
1 am opposid to saying tliat we will stay here
until we do pass it, and 1 say to the Senator
that most of those voting with him agam.st my
resolution this morning will vote against his
civil rights bill.
If we fix the time foi adjournment, we can
do as much business by that lime, and be as
ready io adjourn by the 29th of May, as we
shall he by the 15th of July if we do not fix
the time. It gives fully lour months, ample
time to do the business required from this
Congress. Whenever we stay here a long time
and have long sessions, we are always abused
by the Democratic press for slaying here and
talking a great deal and wasting the people's
money. When we propose to make a short
session, and when it is obvious that we can do
it and at the same time take time enough to do
all the necessary business, it is then intimated
that there is some deep political scheme at the
bottom of it. So far as 1 am concerned I
know of no such purpose. -I believe that we
can do all the business of the country by the
2!kh of May. If we fix the time we shall
work up to it. If we do not fix the time wa
