1504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
desire to do so—where several persons com-
peted for an appointment, the man who was
certainly the best clerk, because he had proved
it by Ms efficiency as a clerk in the Depart-
ment, was rejected. Thatis one of the results.
Let us go a little further; and I do this
without desiring to mention names or any-
thing of that kind. I know of an examina-
tion that took place a few days ago where
twenty-three persons competed for a clerk-
ship, and one of the clerks in that Depart-
ment told me the name of the person who
would get the appointment before the exam-
ination occurred, and he did get it. How it
was done I do not know ; but that is the fact.
I suppose it must have been because he had
the power to discover things unseen. I do not
know how else.
An examination took place out in my own
State, Illinois, not long ago. I do not know
whether it was under this civil service or
under some uncivil service, but these are the
facts: two persons desired to be appointed to
the office of postmaster in a certain town. A
post office official was appointed by the First
Assistant Postmaster General, or directed, in
other words, to go and make an examination
as to which of those two persons ought to have
the appointment. One of those gentlemen
had been recommended by several persons,
members of Congress, &c. The post office
official made a written report. 1 do not know
that I can give precisely tlio language of that
report, but I will give substantially what that
report was; it is on file in the Post Office
Department. He had proceeded to the place
and had examined the two persons. One, he
said, had been a soldier, but was a Democrat,
occasionally got tight, did not make a very
good postmaster. The other man, he said,
was the editor of a temperance paper, claimed
to be a Republican, but did not always vote
the Republican ticket. Therefore he recom-
mended the appointment of the gentleman
who occasionally got tight and voted with the
Democrats. [Laughter.] That report is here
on file in the office.
Mr. CAMERON. Let me ask the Senator
what he means by "getting tight?" [Laugh-
ter.] I do not know what that means.
Mr. LOGAN. I will refer that question
to the Senator from Pennsylvania himself.
[Laughter.]
A tew days ago in a little town in Knox
county, in the State of Illinois, there was an
applicant for the post office there recom-
mended by quite a number of citizens. The
Postmaster General directed a man by the
name of Miller, who was connected with the
Post Office Department in our State, (and I
will say right here a disgrace to it, but nobody
has been able to have him turned out,) to go
down there and have a competitive examina-
tion made. He made the examination. He
asked twelve questions. The two applicants an-
swered the questions, I believe, precisely alike,
each one missing three questions. They made
their applications in writing. He reported in
favor of the man that the citizens had not
petitioned for, and who had not been a candi-
-date at all until the time when Miller went
there to make the examination. When he
made his report, and sent the questions and
answers and the handwriting of the appli-
cants here for examination, the Post Office
Department decided against his recommenda-
tion and appointed the other man Why he
made that recommendation I have naught to
say; I do not know anything about it, except
that some people think it was rather a strange
I merely give these facts to show the work-
ing of the examinations under this commis
sion, bo far as I have observed. I do not
believe in this thing of competitive examina-
tion. I do not believe that any one can tell
as to the qualifications of men in that way,
except so far as their mere learning is con-
cerned. I think it would be a great deal bet-
ter to have a phrenologist to examine their
heads and determine their honesty, than to
have a commission to examine them and see
as to their ability to perform duties they do
not know anything about. They cannot tell
whether they have energy, industry, or ability
in any other direction or not. They cannot
tell anything about it. Hence, I said yester-
day that 1 thought this commission—not mean-
ing the gentlemen composing it, but their re-
port an d recommendation as adopted by them—
was a humbug and nothing else, and you can
make nothing else of it. So far as I am con-
cerned, I shall not vote a dollar to continue
this commission, nor one dollar to continue
these rules, nor one dollar to have a competi-
tive examination, nor one dollar to carry this
thing out, because I do not believe the princi-
ple is correct. I do not believe in it, and there-
fore shall not vole for it.
I have no objection to reforming the civil
service ; I am as much in favor of reformation
as anybody, but not this kind of reformation,
because it is not the kind we want. This is
not in accordance with the principles of our
Government.
Mi. EDMUNDS. What sort of reforma-
tion do you recommend ?
Mr. LOGAN. What kind of reformation?
I will state to the gentleman, as I believe he
is getting up a bill, so that he may put it in
that bill 
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is just what I would
like to know.
Mr. LOGAN. I would recommend that
wherever a man performs his duty well he be
let alone, and that wherever a man does not,
turn him out.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very good.
Mr. LOGAN. I would recommend also
that you make the tenure of office coextensive
with that of the President, so that they might
hold their offices as long as he did and not be
turned out without good reason. That, I
think, would be a reformation. I would go
further. If a man had performed his duty in
such a way as to cause his neighbors and the
people generally to believe that he was dis-
honest. without positive proof, (for that is a
hard thing to prove,) I would turn him out. I
might do something else; I do not know ex-
actly ; I have not studied the matter very thor-
oughly; but I would certainly go as far as I
have stated. But when you ask me to have a
commission appointed to decide who shall hold
an office in my district that I am as well qual-
ified and the people there are to judge of as
you are or anybody else, I say that I will not
agree to it, because it is not correct.
I might go further. There are many officers
in this country who I think ought to be
elected by the people that are not now. I
would be willing to provide for that, for I
believe the people are just as good judges of
men's abilities as we are. Nine times out of
ten, if they are let alone, they will select
officers that will perform their duties just as well
as if they had been selected by anybody else.
This I do not give now, however, as any
recommendation, because I do not suppose my
recommendation would amount to anything;
but I only say that that far I am for a reform
of the civil service ; but I am not for it in the
sense of organizing a commission of this kind.
Now here is a commission appointed for
what? To get up rules and regulations by
which the President of the United States shall
be governed in making his appointments. If
you get up a commission by which the Pres-
ident is to be governed in making his nom-
inations, had you not better get up a commis-
sion by which the Senate is to be governed in
giving its advice and consent to the nomina-
tions of the President,? How is it that you
have a commission to decide for the President
and you have no commission to decide for the
Senate ? Both are part of the appointing
power. The theory is that one is just as much
a part of it as the other. In my judgment,
however, the theory as- applied to either is
wrong, and is an infringement upon the con-
stitutional rights of those who have the power
to make nominations, and of those'whose
function it is to concur in them.
Still I do not care to discuss that proposi-
tion now; but I was going to call attention
to one fact in reference to this commission.
This commission recommends that persons be
appointed. How? After being examined and
having a decision made as to whether they are
qualified to hold office or not, the board send
the names of three persons to the President,
and the President may make his choice out
of the three. He is given a list of three in
order to avoid the objection that the board
make the nomination themselves. I say they
make it in this way: they give him three
names and he cannot nominate any person
exceptone of these three. They confine him to
that list. They might just as well confine him
to one; it would be as clearly constitutional in
one case as the other. One of the three is to
be appointed. Then they recommend that men
shall be promoted. How? Promoted after
an examination. They recommend also that
men shall hold office. How long? As I under-
stand, during good behavior; at least that is
the inference I draw from their rules. If that
is the case, let me ask the Senator from Ver-
mont to tell me how it is, after these rules
have been adopted by this commission, that
they turn right around, and almost the first
officer amounting to anything so far as pay or
emolument is concerned is appointed from one
of that commission without compliance with
the rules that he laid down and prescribed him-
self? Is that carrying out the plan in good
faith ?
Several Senators. Who is that ?
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Cox, one of the men
who made these rules, has been appointed
pension agent in the District of Columbia,
covering the whole southern States, without
an examination, and without coining within
the rules himself. That being the case I would
like to know whether there is not evidence be-
fore us to show that so far as these rules are
concerned they are a humbug, nothing more
and nothing less. The law that was passed
authorized the President to make certain rules
or to appoint commissioners to do so; but I
do not suppose that it intended that the com-
mission should make this kind of rules. If it
did, the law itself ought not to have been
As I said the other day, it seems to me that
if civil service reform is to go on, Congress
itself had better pass the law, and prescribe the
rules and lay them down as law so that they
will not be violated, and let these rules be pre-
scribed within the purview and meaning of the
Constitution of the United States, because I
do not believe the regulations which have been
made by this commission are within the pur-
view and the meaning of the Constitution.
This much I desired to say because of the
fact that yestecday 1 suggested what I did in
reference to this measure. I will say no more
now. I would, if it was a queslion for discus-
sion at this time, go into it more fully than I
have gone, and express my views as to the
result in years to come to be apprehended
from a commission of this kind being ap-
pointed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, it is cer-
tainly very extraordinary that two bodies sup-
posed to contain so much of the wisdom and
virtue of the people as the Senate aud House
of Representatives, after having a year ago
provided for trying an experiment in the im-
provement of the service of the Government,
should the moment their agents undertake to
carry that experiment into practice find their
notions about the Constitution and about men
so pinched that they are unwilling to try it at
all, and propose to abolish it altogether. To
an intelligent people, who are looking at us in
this Capitol as acting always with deliberation,
