4192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
T. Wiggins, of Keokuk, in the State of Iowa.
It provides for the payment to the legal rep-
resentatives of the late George T. Wiggins, of
Keokuk, Iowa, of $2,000, in fall for all damages
sustained by him in consequence of the seizure
of the Leighton House, in Keokuk, by the
military authorities of the United States, for
hospital purposes, in the year 1862.
The Committee' on Claims reported an
amendment to reduce the amount appropriated
_ from $2 000 to $500.
: Mr. HARLAN. I would suggest that that
amendment be amended, so as to read $1,000,
one hall the amount.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Semite as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill whs ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read tbe third time, and passed.
JO$BPII A. CLAY.
Mr. IIOWE. I ask leave now to report
from the-Ooinmittee on Claims the bill (H. H.
No. 40) for the relief of Joseph A. Clay, of
Philadelphia, and recommend its passage.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee ot the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. The preamble recites that under
tbe treaty of indemnity between the United
States and Spain, concluded at Madrid on the
17th of February, 18154, and under the award
'of the commissioner appointed to adjudicate
upon claims for indemnity presented under
the treaty, awards were made for the sums
of $2o3 14, and tor $015 08, for which cer-
tificates Nos. 43 and 130 were issued and
became the propeity of Joseph A. Clay, of
the city of Philadelphia, mid that the certifi-
cates have been losi fur many years, and can-
not be found, and it. is alleged that, there is
no authority in any of the Departments to
issue new certificates to r< place them. The
bill therefore directs the Secretary of the
'Treasury to issue certificates of Spanish in-
demnity to Joseph A. Clay lor tbe sums of
$2u;i 14 and $t>51 08, to be held by Joseph
A . Clay in lieu and stead of like certificates
of the same kind and amount, and to bear the
same dale as the original certificates. The
claimant is to give security in double the
amount, of the awaids that no claim shall be
jiiatle upon the lost certificates, or that, if any
sucli claim shall be established thereon, |ie
will return and cancel the new certificates.
'1 he bill was reported to tbe Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
T. l>. HOlili.
Mr. HOWE. Tbe same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 21<i2) for the
relief of T. P. Kobb, of Savannah, Georgia,
have instructed rae to report it back without
amendment and recommend'its passage.
There being no objection, the Senate, us in
Coinlnitlee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, it appropriates, out of the
'1 reutiury, from the revenues of the Post Office
Department, for the relief ofT. P. lioltb, the
sum_ of $1,000, which sh ill be in full for all
services rendered the Post Office Depart-
ment in the matter of collecting the sum of
$18,450 ijl of on« A. L. Harris, formerly a
special agent of' that DepaUinent.
i ho biU was reported to the Senate without
anu-ndsnfiiit, ordered to ft third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
JOHN J. SMITH.
Mr. HOWE. The same committee, to whom
was leieired the bill (H. R. No. 2796) for the
lelu f of John J. Smii.h, have instructed me
to report it back without amendment, and to
recommend its passage.
1 Here being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the ft hole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, it provides for tlie payment to
Johu J. Smith, of Vicksburg, Mississippi, of
97, in full discbarge of all claims against
the United States Government on account of
seven bales of cotton turned over to a Gov-
ernment purchasing agent on the 14th of
June, 1865, in consideration of a license from
the Government to transport twenty-one bales
of cotton to the loyal States, under the Treas-
ury regulations prescribed under the eighth
section of the act of Congress approved July
2, 1864.
The bill was reported to tbe Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and
SIMEON STANSIFER.
Mr. HOWE. The same committee have
instructed me to report back the bill (H. R.
No. 2888) for the relief of Simeon Stansifer,
without amendment, and to recommend its
passage.
There being no objection, the Senate,'as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It is a direction to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in adjusting the accounts
of Simeon Stansifer, late collector of internal
revenue for the third district of Indiana, to
allow htm a credit of $800 on account of an
error committed in regard to revenue stamps
alleged to have been delivered to him as such
collector.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a thitd reading, read
the third time, and passed.
MORITZ AUGKNSTEIN.
Mr. HOWE. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (H. It. No. 2911)
I or the relief of Moritz Augensteiii, have
instructed me to report it back without amend-
ment, and recommend its passage.
'There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee ot the Whole, proceeded to con-
side^ the bill, which directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to examine the claim of Moiitz
Augensteiii for damag.s under an alleged
agreement made with Commissioner of Intet nal
Revenue I'leasoiiton to furnish saccliarometers
to distillers, and to ascertain and determine
what amount, if any, is equitably due Augen
stein on >100011111 of the failure of the ptesent
Commissioner of Internal Revenue to carry
out such alleged agreement; and to pay to
Augensteiii socli sum as he shall find to be
equitably due him, not to exceed the sum of
$7,o00, which shall be in full dischuige of all
claims against, the Government by Augenstein
under the alleged agreement.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
O.MAIIA NATIONAL BANK.
Mr. HOWE. 1 now yield to the Senator
from Pennsylvania.
Mr SCOTT. The Senator from West Vir-
ginia desires the attention of the chairman for
a moment.
Mr. BOREMAN. The bill for the relief of
Levi J. Powell wasreport.ed by the committee
and is on the Calendar—a Senate bill.
Mr. HOWE. I yield to the Senator from
P. tinsylvania for the present. There are quite
a number of Senate bills that will come up
later.
Mr. SCOTT. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred the
bill (H. Ii. No. 2907) for the relief of (lie
Omaha National Bank, to report it back with-
out amendment, and to ask for its present con-
sideration.
'There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the VVhole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It authorizes and directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to the Omaha
National Bank $1,503 9(5, in lieu of draft
numbered one hundred and eighty, on the
United States depository at Chicago, Illinois,
dated September 14, 1871, payable to the
order of J. V. Bogert, and signed by H. C.
Kansom, colonel and quartermaster United
States Army ; but before the payment shall
be made, the bank shall exfCute a bond of
indemnity to the United States with sufficient
sureties against the claim of the payee iu the
draft.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ALBERT GRANT.
Mr. SCOTT. I am authorized by the same
committee, to whom was referred the bill (if.
R. No. 2035) to provide for the examination
and payment of the claim of Albert. Giant, to
report it back without amendment, and to ask
for its consideration. I will state that this bill
involves the satne question that was raised by
the Senator from Iowa with reference to the
bill for the relief of Theodore Adams, and as
contested cases are now reached I ask that the
case first called up by the chairman of the
committee for the relief of Theodore Adams
may be taken up, as by it the same question
will be settled which is raised in both (ases.
Mr. PRATT. 1 suggest before that bdl is
taken up, inasmuch as it. will lead to some dis-
cus-don, that several other bills are on the Cal-
endar which have not yet been submitted to
the Senate for consideration, and that those
cases should be proceeded with before debata-
ble cases are taken up. There are several bills
that. I reported from that committee myself
which the chairman has not yet called up.
Mr. SCO TT. If there are other members
of the committee who have cases that are
unobjected to, with the undersiandmg that
the Adams case shall be reached and disposed
ot to-niglir,, it is but fair that the unobjected
oases should be first disposed of, and 1 will
yield for that purpose with that understanding.
RKUBEN GOODRICH.
Mr. PRATT. I move, then, that the bill (S.
No. 990) for the relief of Reuben Goodrich
be taken up.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill
was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the VVhole. It provides
for the payment to Reuben Goodrich of
$1,377 71, that being the sum paid by him to
Moigan Bates as register of the land office at
Traverse Bay, Michigan, for salary and com-
missions for services performed by him irom
Di cember 1, 1866, to May 15, 186 7, and dis-
allowed in ihe account ot Goodrich by ihe
Secietary, as per his letter of March 3, 1868,
to the Commissioner of the General Laud
Office.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reattiug, read the third time, and passed.
WARREN AND MOOKB.
Mr. PRATT. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 198.
The motion was agreed to ; and tbe Senate,
as in Committee ot the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 198; for ihe relief of
Warren & Moore. It provides for the pay-
ment to Warren & Moore, of Nashville, Ten-
nessee, of $293 58, m full compensation for
lourieen thousand six hundied and seventy-
nine feet o! lumber purchased from them by
Lieutenant Diake, eleventh Michigan voiun-
let-rd, acting assistant quartermaster ot the
twenty ninth biigade, Army of the Ohio, m
thw year ot 1862. for the purpose ot construct-
ing defenses at ar the wall about the old hos-
pital No 10, Nashville.
Ihe bill was reported tu the Senate without
amendment, oidead to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOHN W. PHBLPS.
Mr. HOWE. As tiie Se nator fiom Iowa
has some cases to report I yield to him.
Mr. WEIGH 1'. 1 am directed by the Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred the
bill (U. It. is'o. 2898) for the relief of John
W. Phelps, of Vermont, to report it back
