THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
January 26,
shall waste tiiae as .we have already done this
session. But from (he day that we fix the time
of ^cjjourftweat we shall commence the busi-
ness of the session in earnest, and we have
four months, and that is. ample time to get
through with it. , '
There are various, other reasons that might
be urged for 'fixing the proposed day of ad-
journment; but I ao #ot thi^feit is necessary
to debate the question. I think the judgment
of the Senate has been. indicated repeatedly
on this duestion.
Mr. SUMMER. , I am glad the Senator has
made the explanation. You have heard him,
and now yon shgdl hear the answer; and I
know that no person can answer the answer.
1 know the Senator himself cannot answer it.
I know that there is no Senator an this floor
able enough to anawer the answer which I
shall now make to the Senator.
I have before me, sir, the Globe of May 6,
1870, when (here was a motion—mark you, not
January 20, bat May 6—for final adjournment
on July 4 ; and how was that encountered by
iey friend frojn Indiana ? Why; Siv, he pleaded
with his Eitecuatonaed eloquence, that we eould
tiot do justice to the tariff;.  n,d that is the very
question that is now presented by the Senator
from Illinois, that if we follow his lead now
we shall leave our duty undone oa the great
question of revenue reform, beginning with
action on a bill that has actually come into
this Chamber from the other House. The
question now is urgent. It is practical. It is
before the Senate. The Senator proposes by
a vote now to cut off the opportunity of that
discussion which, on another occasiou, he iu.-
yokvit i aye, sir* not, only invoked, but which
with all his power he insisted was absolutely
necessary.
And now, air, do I overstate him at all?
Here we his words—~
Mri MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the
Senator from. Massachusetts permit me to ask
him if that question has not since that speech
been, acted upon, and if we have not reduced
the revenue very largely both in the way of
internal taxes, aiid the tariff duties?
Mr. SU MNKR. The Senator will find him-
self answered.
Mi., TRUMBULL. The revenue was larger
this year under the tariff than ever before.
Mr  SUMNER. The Senator from Ver-
mont will find himself answered, not by me,
but by the Senator from Indiana. Now, if I
can have the attention of my friend from Ver-
mont, the Senator from iudiana.unswers him:
" Mr. Morton, Mr. President, on the statement
made bore the other day with regard to the business
yet to coiao before tho 8onat.o, it soeros to mo to bo
impossible that it should be transacted intelligently
py the© time fixed for adjournment in this resolution.
How sensible as well as how broad was the
Senator in his remark I The business could
not be transacted intelligently before July 4
Says he:
"There is ono great subjeot on which the other
House has been encaged for a number of weeks, and
which will encounter just as much diffloulty iu the
Sen&teas m the llouse. I allude to the question of
the tariff. That is a vexed question."
Why, sir, is it not the vexed question now?
Is it not the vexed question by the very motion
made by the'Senator from Illinois ? My friend
proceeds:
"K is very important to the country that that
Question shall bo settled eorreotly"—
Is he not right?—
''and Itjs very important to the Kepublican party
that it shall be settled correctly."
Is he not right again? Is the Senator, a
Kepublican, (not a better Republican than
soine others on this floor,) ready now to
abandon what he said' in 1870? He then
proceeds:
" I speak of that simply as one question. It is
much" more important that we shall db the busi-
ness of this uountry, and do it right, than it is'
to adjourn"—
When does the Senator say?—
" by the 1st of July or by the 1st of August."
The 1st of July.« the 1st of August, sir!
No idea of haste, then 1
"lam sure that I stay here with as much difficulty
and with a$ much relucutuee as anybody, and I do
not think there is a Senator in tbw body who is more
anxious to get away than I am; and yet I feel that
if I were to so act as to hurry through such import-
ant business, ov to go away leaving it undone, I
should be derelict i.n the performance ef my duty."
Sir, it is not I that say that, but the Senator
from 1 ndiana; he says it to himself. He then
proceeds:
"There are, many other important questions be-
sides that of the tariff which we are yet called upon
to consider: and I do hope that the Senate will not
fix a time now"—
Observe the euergy-of his, language—
"and I do hope that the Senate will not fix a time
now, but leave it open for several weeks"—
Observe, Mr.President/'forseveral weeks"—
" until we can see at what time we can with propri-
ety adjourn."
That was said May 6, 1870.
"Why, sir, there seems to be a mania for adjourn-
ment ; it seems to me to be almost a mania.""
That is what the Senator says.
"When this time was first suggested I thought
favorably of it, because I supposed we might get
through; but upon consideration"—
Not hastily,-but "upon consideration"—
" I am satisfied we cannot get through; and if there
be Senators here who from any cause cannot remain
until the end of the session, it would, be better for
tho Senate to give them leavo of absence, and let
them go away and leave their associates hero, that
tho business may be done. There are some great
questions yet to be disposed of, and questions that
ought to take time."
Were there any greater questions then than
now? The Senator, I know, will not trifle with
the great question of equal rights. He will
not say that that question is to be degraded
out of sight. He then proceeds:
" Mr. President, there has been a good deal of com-
plaint about the length of time that has been con-
sumed in dobateupon.oei'tain questions. Those ques-
tions wero not questions of an economical charac-
ter: they were not in regard to the disposition or
the acquisition of pablie lands; but they were great
questions, that went to the very existence of theQor-
ornmoiit, and ia my judgment there has not been an
hour too much spent in the-discussion of those ques-
tions ; for, sir, tho public mind is yet unsettled with
regard, to them, and the action of this body shows
that after all the discussion that had taken plaoe
there wore Senators who were scarcely able to make
up thoir minds on whioh side they should vote. And
when there are questions of so great diflieuJty to be
disposed of those Senators cannot better serve the
country than by taking time to consider them. This
is especially intended to be a deliberative body, and
X do not sympathize with those who claim that the
Sonate ought to vote without understanding what
they are voting upon. A stogie error committed in
regard to a great question of reconstruction, orsome
question thatgoestothefuture peace of generations,
and it may be to tho existence of the Government—a
single error of that kind cannot be atoned for. The
time that ia taken ia considering-such quostion3 is
not time lost."
Now, sir, I ask the Senate to listen to what
follows. I want you to see how eloquently
and how pointedly the Senator addresses him-
self to his own resolution now :
" There is a question coming before us now upon
which the best minds in Europe and in America
have been divided for the lost hundred years—the
question of the tariff. It is a question that we ought
to consider lully"—
Sir, I am not speaking now; it is the Sen-
ator from Indiana—
" and we cannot do our duty to ourselves and to our
country unless we do consider it fully."
So says the Senator.
"But, sir, if we bind ourselves to adjourn by the
4th oi J uly we cannot.do it."
He then says:
"That will be equivalent to saying to the country
that we shall vote on that question without discus-
sion. I do not pretend that I understand that ques-
tion. 'lherearesomepeoplewho always understand
every question from the time it is first mentioned,
who understood the Georgia question and every
other from the time it was first mentioned. I do not
belong to that category. I find occasion to change
my mind frequently, and my mind is often changed
by the result of discussions on this floor. X am open
to the reception ol light from discussions, and I in-
vite it. I do not belong to those who understand
everything from the beginning and think the Senate
ought to vote on the most difficult questions without
discussion."
Sir, a good lesson to all. The Senator
offers himself in this Chamber as an example
of generosity in debate. He is against limit-
ation of discussion, especially on the tariff.
He is anxious that there should be a free field
for that most important discussion. And yet
he brings forward now 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The morn-
ing hour having, expired, it becomes the duty
Of the Chair to calf up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is the apportionment bill.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. I have not done.
Mr. TRUMBULL,: I shall insist on the
order of the day. This discussion may con-
tinue all (Jay.
Mr. MORTON. I move to suspend the
present and all pending orders for the purpose
of finishing up this resolution.
Mr.TRUMBULL. The Senator from Indi-
ana has ndt the floor for any such motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Illinois is entitled to the floor on the
bill before the Senate, which is the unfinished
business of yesterday.
APPORTIONMKNT OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Clerk to report
the bill. •
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
(H- R. No. 243) for the apportionment of Rep-
resentatives to Congress- among the several
States according to the ninth census is before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole, and
will be read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Unless some Senator
should desire it, I will not ask to have the ori-
ginal bill read or the amendments which have '
been reported to the Senate, but will endeavor
to state as briefly as lean what the two bills are,
the differences between them, and the princi-
ples on which this apportionment is made.
The Constitution of the United States
requires in its first article, in the third para-
graph of the second section, that "Represent-
atives shall be apportioned among the sev-
eral States which may be included within this
Union, aecordingtotheirreapectivenumbers
"that the actual enumeration shall be made
within three years after the first, meeting of
Congress," and " within every subsequent term
of ten years, in such manner as they shall by
law direct;" that "each State shall have one
Representative;" and the Constitution then
proceeds to make an apportionment among
the respective States. This was the first appor-
tionment made when the Constitution of the
United States was adopted, assigning sixty-
five members to the various Slates of the
Union.
It is manifestly impracticable to make an
apportionment entirely perfect. You cannot
adopt any number as a divisor of the popula-
tion of the States that will not leave remain-
ders; and from the beginning, in the apportion-
ment of representation, or nearly from the
beginning, fractions have been represented.
The rule adopted usually has been to fix upon
a certain number of which the House of Repre-
sentatives shall consist, and then divide the
representative population of the United States
by that number and use the quotient as a
divisor of the representative population of each
State, and then to make up the number, (being
the difference between the numbers assigned to
each State by that division and the number that
has been fixed for the House of Representa-
tives,) by assigning to the largest fractions in
each State a member until you reach the
requisite number.
1 will state very briefly, before referring to
the particular bill that has passed the House
of Representatives, what has been the prac-
tice of the Government. I said that the Con-
stitution itself apportioned Representatives
originally among the respective States, assign-
ing to them sixty-five members. By an act
passed on the 14th of April, 1792, the first
apportionment took place under the census of
1790. By that act the House of Representa-
