3296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
Committee on Invalid Pensions, to make a
request of the House. It' the House will con-
sent, I will send to the desk the general bill
consolidating and amending the laws relating
to invalid pensions, which is a bill of very
great importance. It was to have been re-
ported last evening, if the House had had an
evening sessiou. I ask that by unanimous
consent the committee be allowed to report it
now.
There was no objection.
Mr. MOOttBJ, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported back, with amend-
ments. the bill (H. R. No. 2312) to revise,
consolidate, and amend the laws relating to
invalid pensions.
Mr. MOORE. I ask that the fircjt reading
of the bill be dispensed with, and that the
House proceed to consider it by sections.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
The Clerk read the first section, as follows:
That it* the ability of any officer of the Army, in-
cluding regulars, volunteers, and militia, or any
officcr in the Navy or Marino corp.0, or any enlisted
man, however employed in the military or naval
service oi the United States, or in its Marine corps,
whether regularly mustered or not, disabled by
reason of finy wound reeeivod or disease contracted
while in the service ot the United States, and in tho
line of duty; any master serving on a gun-boat, or
any pilot, engineer, sailor, or other person, not regu-
larly mustered, serving upon any gun-boat or war
vessel ol the United States, disabled by any wound
received or otherwise incapacitated, while in tho
line of duty, tor procuring his subsistence by manual
labor; any person not an enlisted soldier in the
Army, sei vmg lor the time boing as a member of tho
militia of any State, under orders of an officer of tho
United States, or who volunteered for the tiino
being to serve with anv regularly organized military
or naval force of tho United States, or who other-
wise volunteered and rendered service in any en-
gagement with rebels or Indians, disabled in conse-
quence of wounds received in tho lino of duty m
such temporary service;   y acting .assistant or
contract surgeon, disabled by any wound received
or disease contracted m the hue ot duty while actu-
ally performing tho duties of assistant surgeon or
acting assistant surgeon with any military torcu m
the lield or in tranttitu, or any provost marshal,
deputy piovost marshal, or enrolling officer dis-
abled by reason of anv wound received in tho dis-
charge of his duty, to procure a subsistence by
manual hibor: has been since the 4th day of March*,
1B61, or shall hereafter bo impairod, he shall, upon
mjiking due prool ot tho fact, according l o such forms
and regulations us are or may bo provided by and in
pursuance of law, l>o placed upon the list of invalid
pensioner of the United States, and ho entitled to
receive, for a total disability ora permaiientspeciiic
disabling, such pension as is hereinafter provided tn
such ease,?, and tor an inferior disability, except in
cases of permanent specific disability for which the
rate ot pension is expressly provided, an amount
propoi lionaio to that provided for total disability
to commence as hereinafter provided, and to con-
tinue during tho existence of the disability: Pro-
videil. That no claim ot a State militiaman, or non-
enlisted person, on account ol' disability from
wounds lM'ceivcd in baitlo with rebels or Indians,
while temporarily rendeimg servicc, shall be valid
unless piosecutod to a successful uv>uo prior to tho
<li.h d:iy of July, LS7«t: And jn'ooufrtf jur(hn\ That no
peison sh:ill bo entitled to a pension by reason of
wounds received or disease contracted in the ser-
vice of tho United States subsequent to the 27th
d;iy ot J iiiy, 18(58, uniess the person who was wounded
or conflicted the disease was in tho lino of duty;
and, it in the unlitaiy set viee, was at the time netti~
ally iriHhy field, or on tho march, or at, some post,,
fort, or g.urison ; or, it* in the naval service, was at
the time home on the books of some ship or other
vessel ot the United States, at sea or in harbor, act-
ually in commi^ion, or was at some naval station,
or °l" n V'ay  direction of competent authority,
to the united States, or to some otuoi vessel or naval
station.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to
ask the gentleman from Illinois why the title
to a pension is limited to the date of July 27,
I8G8? It is for wounds received or diseases
contracted only down to that date that the bill
proposes a man maybe pensioned.
Mr. MOOltlS. That is just what the law
was before. We have made no change in the
law in this regard, The law was enacted in
1808, and this restriction was dated from the
passage of that act, unless the person was
m the line of his duty when the wound was
received or the disease contracted. There is
no change in the law at all. The provision
to which the gentleman from Ohio refers
reads as follows :
That no person shall bo entitled to a pension by
reason of wounds received or disease contracted in
the service of the United States subsequent to the
27th day of July, 1868, unless the person who was
wounded or contracted the disease was in the line
of duty.
In order that the restriction may not apply
to a-person, he must have been absolutely in
the line of duty when he was wounded or
incurred the disabilities.
Under other acts passed prior to 1868 there
was a greater liberality in reference to their
being on posts of duty. For instance, when
they were injured while in transitu, while on
the cars, or if they met with an accident under
such circumstances, they were considered en-
titled to a pension. This bill more partic-
ularly restricts the operation of the pension
law to those who are in the service, on the
march, or at some military post when the dis-
ease was contracted or the injury was received.
Mr. GrAKFIELD, of Ohio. I know the
House would like to have an explanation of
the provisions of this bin now. Therefore, I
ask the gentleman whether this is a mere mod-
ification of the laws in regard to pensions, or
whether it materially changes the laws in any
of its provisions?
Mr. MOORE. As I stated when I ob-
tained the order to have this bill considered
last night, it'is principally a codification of
the pension laws, and a revision of them with-
out introducing any new legislation, with the
exception of a tew amendments. There is but
one amendment I believe that affects pension-
ers to any considerable extent. The other
amendments are merely for the purpose of
explaining the law and aiding the Pension
Bureau in discharging its duties in the way of
settling pension claims. However, there is an
amendment in relation to the organization of
1 he pension department with a view of prevent-
ing fraud. That will be for consideration
when that portion of the hill is reached. The
only change made by this first section is in
reference to some otlicers in the Army and
Navy who under the present laws are not en
titled to pensions. The Committee on .Naval
A Hairs have made a change in the rank of
midshipmen, so that cadet midshipmen are
mentioned in this section; they were not in
the former law. The provisions in relation to
the Navy are precisely similar to those affect-
ing military otlicers and officers of the regular
Army.
Mr. STORM. I would inquire if in the
existing law there is any provision for pen-
sioning contract surgeons or deputies provost
marshals?
Mr. MOORE. Iu that respect the law is
leit as it is now. 1 have stated the only changes
proposed by this section.
Mr. PERCE. I observe thatby this section
no person is to be entitled to a pension unless
in the lield or on the march, or at some post
or garrison, when the injury is received. X
would inquire of the gentleman why a pension
should not be granted to a soldier who was
injured while in transitu?
Mr. MOORE. The bill provides .that it
snail apply to those on the march, which will
cover that part of it.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. T desire
to move to amend line forty nine by striking
out "1874" and inserting " 1875."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
inquire if this bill makes provision for a very
meritorious class ot persons who were eri^a^ed
in the service, and to whom we were greatly
indebted; I mean military telegraph operators?
Mr. MOOHIi. It makes no provision for
them.
Mr. BU fLER, of Massachusetts^ Then I
move to amend by inserting after the words
•' contract surgeon" the words '■ military tel-
egraph operator." Many of them were on
service, on the front, under fire, and were
wounded.
Mr. MOOKE. I shall object to that amend-
ment, for the reason that it it is made we shall
be asked to include men engaged in running
military railroads. Many of them, both tele-
graph operators and men engaged in running
military railroads, have made application for
special acts of Congress to give them pensions.
They were employed by the Government oil
salaries which were calculated from the dan-
gerous positions they occupied, and which
positions they could have left at any time they
chose. There has been no instance of a spe-
cial act of Congress granting a pension to a
person of that class, and we do not propose to
make provision for them in this bill.
Mr. DICKEY. Does the gentleman have
any objection to inserting the words " or in
hospital" after the words " in transitu ?"
Mr. MOORE. I have no objection.
Mr. DICKEY. Then I move that amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER,. The question will be first
upon the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, which is to insert
after the word "impaired" the words "by
reason of such disability;" so that it will read,
" or shall hereafter be impaired by reason of
such disability."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next question was upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Dickey, to insert the words " or
in hospital" after the words "in transitu
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ARCHER. In order to perfect the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Dickey] I move to amend "by
adding at the end of the section, after the words
"vessel or naval station," the words "or
hospital."
Mr. DICKEY. That is ail right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McCOKMICK, of Missouri. I move
to amend by striking out in line forty-nine
"1874," and inserting "1875;" so that the
first proviso of the sectfon will read as fol-
lows :
Provided. That no claim of a State militiaman or
non-enlidted person on account of disability from
wounds received iu battle with rebels or Indians, -
While temporarily rendering service, shall be valid
unless prosecuted to a successful issue prior to the
4th day of July, 1875.
My object is to allow one year more for the
prosecution of these claims to a successful
issue.
Mr. MOORE. This House passed a bill
extending the time in which pensioners might
make their applications ; but the bill, when it
went to the Senate, was laid on the table.
There is no sort of probability of any favor-
able action being taken by the Senate on this
proposition. All these parties have been al-
lowed live years in which to prosecute their
claims, and we do not propose to extend the
time. I hope the gentleman from Missouri
will not urge his proposition, because it can-
not be passed in the other branch of Congress.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I am not
disposed to urge the amendment if there is no
possibility ot' it being passed by the Senate.
Mr. MOORE. There is none iu the world.
_Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Then I
withdraw it.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 2. That the pension for total disability shall
bens follows, namely: for lieutenant colonel and all a
otlicers of higher rank in themilitary service and in
the Marine corps, and for captain, and all officers
ot higher rank, commander, surgeon, paymaster,
ana chief engineer, respectively, ranking with com-
mander by law, lieutenant commanding and mas-
ter commanding, in the naval service, thirty dollars
P°r mouth; tor major in the military service and in
the Marine corps, and lieutenant, surgeon, payings-
ter, and eoief engineer, respectively, ranking
lieutenant by law,and passed assistant surgeon iu tho
naval service, twenty--five dollars per month; tor
captain in the military service and m the Marino -
corps, chaplain in the Army, and provost marshal,
professor_ of mathematics, master, assistant sui'-,~-
goon, assistant paymaster, and chaplain in the r
naval service, twenty dollars per month; for arst .
lieutenant in the military service and in the Marine,
corps, acting assistant or contract surgeon, a,n(if
deputy provost marshal, seventeen dollars
month.; for second lieutenant m the military ser-
vice and in the Marine corps, first assistant engift-
