1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
609
tives was made to consist of one hundred and
five members. The next apportionment took
place on the census of 1810, and the number
of the House of Representatives was then
increased to one hundred and eighty-one. The
third apportionment took place in 1822, by an
act passed on the 7th of March of that year,
and the number of Representatives was in-
creased to two hundred and twelve. In 1832
an apportionment took place upon the census
of 1830, and the House of Representatives
was increased to two hundred and forty. In
1850 Congress passed what was intended to
be a permanent law fixing the number of
the House of Representatives at two hun-
dred and thirty-three, and directing the Sec-
retary of the Interior, after the taking of the
census, which was then about to be taken,
and of all subsequent censuses, to apportion
the representation arnoDg the several States
upon the basis of two hundred and thirty-
three members ; but an act was passed shortly
after this act of 1850, on the 80th of July,
1852, which increased the number of mem-
bers to two hundred and thirty-four, so that
the House of Representatives, under the ap-
portionment of 1850, consisted of two hun-
dred and thirty-four members. In 1860 the
Secretary of the luterior proceeded to make
the apportionment in pursuance of the act
of 1850, assigning two hundred and thirty-
three members to the House of Represent-
atives; but after he had made his report,
Congress by an act added eight members to
the two hundred and thirty-three, making
the House consist of two hundred and forty-
one members, and assigning these additional
members to the eight States having the
largest fractions. Since the passage of this
act of 18G2, which fixed the number of the
House of Representatives at two hundred and
forty-one, the States of Nevada and Nebraska
have been added to the Union, and have had
assigned to them one member each, making
two hundred and forty-three members, so
that the House of Representatives to-day
consists of two hundred and forty-three mem-
bers, and if no law should be passed on the
subject at all, it would be the duty of the Sec-
retary of the Interior to make an apportion-
ment upon the act of 1850, as amended by the
subsequent acts, by which the House of Rep-
resentatives would consist of two hundred
and thirty-three, or perhaps two hundred and
thirty-four members under the act passed in
1852,
Having stated so much in regard to the
history of the different apportionments, I call
the particular attention of the Senate to the
fact that the number of Representatives has
been reduced. The largest House of Repre-
sentatives which we ever had before 1803 was
that apportioned under the census of 1830.
In the apportionment that took place under
that census the State of New York had lorty
members, and other States in proportion.
That was the largest House of Representatives
we ever had until the present number was
fixed. By these different apportionments,
many of the States, most of the old States,
have lost a portion of their representation.
Massachusetts at one time had twenty mem-
bers in the House of Representatives; Virginia
at one time, had twenty-three; New Hampshire
once had six; it now has three. That has
been the case with nearly all the old States, so
that there is nothing new in the reduction of
the number of members from a State, nor is
there anything new in reducing the size of the
House of Representatives. It has been re-
peatedly done, and various States have lost
members at almost every apportionment that
has taken place.
The bill which comes to us fcom the House
of Representatives makes the number of mem-
bers two hundred and eighty-three, and it
assigns to every State in the Union a repre-
sentation in Congress equal to the number it
now has, except the States of Vermont and
42d Cong. 2d >Sess.—No. 39.
New Hampshire. Each of those States will
lose a member by the bill that has passed the
House of Representatives. Every other State
will either retain the number of members it
now has, or have an increase under the House
bill. In making this apportionment, two ques-
tions arise, and if I can have the attention of
Senators I will state what they are.
It will be observed that by the clause of the
Constitution of the United-States which I have
already read, the apportionment is to be made
among the several States "according to their
respective numbers," but there is another pro-
vision in the Constitution which says that each
State shall be entitled to one member. The
Constitution itself assigns one member to each
State. The question therefore arises, shall
the population of those States which have less
than the requisite number to entitle them to
a Representative be first deducted from the
aggregate population, and the number of mem-
bers assigned to these^small States deducted
from the aggregate number of Representatives
of which the House is to consist, and the re-
maining Representatives constitute the divisor
for the remainder of the representative pop-
ulation of the United States, or shall you take
the whole number of Representatives, in-
cluding those assigned to the States that have
not the requisite population for one member,
and make that the divisor of the entire repre-
sentative population of the United States?
The Committee on the Judiciary tamo to
the conclusion that the Constitution of the
United States had itself apportioned repre-
sentation, so far as assigning one Representa-
tive to each of the States which may not have
a sufficient number of population to entitle it
to a Representative upon the basis which
was to be adopted. This is the case with four
States in the Union; for instance, Nevada
has a population of only 42,000; Nebraska,
Oregon, and Delaware, each of them, have
not the requisite population to entitle them to
one Representative upon any basis that would
be likely to be adopted by the two Houses of
Congress. The constitutional mode, therefore,
of apportioning this representation appeared
to the committee to be this: that we should
first determine of how many members the
House of Representatives ought to consist.
The House determined that it should consist
of two hundred and eighty-three; the Senate
committee determined on two hundred and
forty-three. I will speak of that hereafter.
But by way of illustration, taking the bill as
it has passed the House which apportions to
the various States of the Union two hundred
and eighty-three members, the rule of making
this apportionment, in the opinion of the com-
mittee, would be to add together the popula-
tion of the four small States, which are Dela-
ware, Nebraska, Nevada, and Oregon; alto-
gether they have only a population of 881,422
persons; but they are entitled under the Con-
stitution to four Representatives, while the basis
of representation upon the bill as it passed the
House of Representatives would be 135,239!%.
Thus, it will be seen that these four States,
with four Representatives, having only 381,422
inhabitants, would get more than their propor-
tion if we divided the entire population by the
entire number of Representatives.
Taking, then, the House bill and deducting
from two hundred and eighty-three four for
the small States, it leaves two hundred and
seventy-nine. Deducting their population,
881,422, from the entire population of the
United States, which, according to the census,
is 38,113,253, it leaves a representative popu-
lation of 37,731,831. Dividing that remainder
by 279', the number of Representatives, after
you have deducted four for the small States,
it makes the number of population to entitle
the people to a Representative, 135,239!%,
and the fifty-three hundredths being more
than a half, tor convenience I will say 135,240.
This I understand to be the basis of the
House bill.
Mr. MORTON. Does that include the four
constitutional Representatives ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Assigning four Repre-
sentatives in the first place to the four small
States, and taking out the population of those
four small States and dividing the remainder
of tho population of the United States by 279,
instead of 283, will leave a quotient of 135,240,
so that in the other States of the Union which
have a population sufficient to entitle them to
a Representative there will be apportioned a
representation equal^ to the number of times
that 185,240 is contained in the population of
the respective States; and on that calculation
you have the House bill.
But after going through with the bill and
dividing the population of each State by 135,-
240 and adding up the quotients, you do not
get 279 members, because of the fractions that
are left over; instead of 279 you get 262; and
in order then to make up the 279 you have
to add 17 for fractions, and the bill from the
House adds those seventeen members to the
respective States having the largest fractions;
and if you will look over flic bill you will see
what States those are. There are seventeen
States that have a representation on fractions,
according- to the House bill, but-no fraction
of less than a moiety has a Representative
assigned to it, and every fraction exceeding
a moiety has a Representative. It so hap-
pens that, according to tho House bill, every
fraction of more than a half has an additional
member, and no fraction of less than a half
has an additional member.
Now, if I have made myself understood in
regard to the House bill, I will state the differ-
ence between that and the bill as reported by
the Senate Committee on the Judiciary. The
committee came to the conclusion that it was
not advisable to increase the number of mem-
bers in the House of Representatives; that
that body was already large enough for the
convenient transaction of business; and that
to increase it to a larger number would em-
barrass the House in transacting the ordinary
business of legislation. I have already stated
to the Senate that it is no new thing for States
to lose Representatives. Several of the old
States have lost half the Representatives they
had some years ago, and the most of them
have lost more or less. The commttiee, there
fore, came to the conclusion that it was advis-
able to retain the present number of Repre-
sentatives in the House without any increase.
I have already stated that that number is now
two hundred and forty-three.
The committee then proceeded upon the Same
principle which I have stated in reference to the
basis, as I suppose, of the House bill to make
the apportionment. We deducted^ the four
members which tho Constitution assigns to the
four small States from two hundred and forty-
three, leaving two hundred and forty-nine. We
also deducted from the entire population of
the States of the Union, leaving out of course
the Territories, the population of these four
States, and we divided the two remainders,
the one by the other, and apportioned to the
respective States in the Union the number that
they would be entitled to according to that cal-
culation. It so happens that in a House of two
hundred and forty-three members, and dividing
the two remainders, the remainder of the popu-
lation less the four small States by 239, that
would lack just seventeen of the number two
hundred and thirty-nine, and according to the
bill as reported seventeen States have members
upon their fractions, and each of those frac-
tions in a House consisting of two hundred
and forty-three members is larger than a
moiety, and no State with a fraction less than
a moiety has a Representative. It singularly
so happens that whether you have a House
of two hundred and forty-three or two hundred
and eighty-three, seventeen members will be
assigned to the fractions in each case, and no
fraction, of less than a half will have a member
in any ease.
