1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1505
it certainly would be a very strange spectacle
to see us, having deliberately a year ago pro-
vided for trying what is called an experiment
of this character, in order to improve the ad-
ministration of the service in the Executive
Departments of the Government, turn around
the moment anything, be it good or bad, is
presented to us, and abandon the whole thing
altogether. Whatever criticism maybe made
upon the President of the United States in the
selection under this law of the persons whom
lie has selected, certainly a very much larger
and sharper criticism might be made upon us
in undertaking to back out (if my honorable
friend from Illinois will allow me to' use the
term) from an experiment of this kind in this
way.
The President, acting in conformity to law
and in obedience to law, selected a commis-
sion of five eminent citizens from various parts
of the country. They have reported to him
for his guidance and his discretion a certain
set of rules. Now, the honorable Senatorfrom
Wisconsin and the honorable Senator from
Illinois say, " These rules will not do at all; we
will therefore abandon the whole thing; we
will not have anything done on the subject at
all, and we will tell the people that either we
were egregiously mistaken in undertaking to
suppose there was anything to be done, or that
we find the moment the experiment is trigd
that there is nothing which can be done to
improve the public service." That is not my
way of thinking. I believe that the rules which
these gentlemen have reported are in some
respects wider, more reaching than they ought
to be, because I believe, for instance, as to
postmasters, that they ought to be substan-
tially elected ; and subject to certain restraints
that might be made in a constitutional amend-
ment, upon the choice of the people to select
agents to dispose of the public money and
receive it as postmasters do ; I would be in
favor of that. But because I am opposed to
the selection of postmasters on a competitive
examination or on a standard examination of
the fitness of the particular man, conducted in
any particular way, am I therefore to say that
I will abandon all effort, that I will not allow
the President of the United States to try some
modified experiment? There is no logic in
that at all.
The fact is, considering the debates in both
Houses of Congress at this session on this sub-
ject, it looks a little as if gentlemen of ail
parties feel much as the story said the Dem-
ocrat did up in one of the northern States
during the war of the rebellion, when his
fellow-citizens had a public meeting and they
all got together to do something to raise sol-
diers and carry on the war. He got up and
made a speech, and said that everybody would
bear him witness, who was old enough to know,
that he was in favor of the last war, and he
could pledge his honor that he was in favor
of the next war; he was in favor of every other
war but this one.
It is just so with us. I find when I go to
the Postmaster General and want him to ap-
point a postmaster in my town, or to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury and ask him to put a
young constituent of mine into that Depart-
ment, according to the way in which 1 have
been accustomed to do, instead of its being my
ipse dixit they tell me, " Why, here Congress
hasprovided a law for finding out whether these
people are fit, and Congress has not left it to
you and us, as it has hitherto, whether they
are fit or not." That troubles me; it galls
me; I do not like it; it is a new thing; it is
an unpleasant harness, because I like power,
and I like to have my people at home know
that I have power, and if I say that John
Smith shall have an office in the Treasury, and
Timothy Jones shall be a postmaster, all the
people respect me as being a man who bears
the real power of the Government in. my State,
and the moment that element of greatness is
taken away from me, who am I ? What liaye I
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 95.
got to stand upon, except the little native wit
that may have been born to me and the little
amount of experience that I may have gathered ?
In other words, I am reduced to the common
level of the rest of the people ; I am obliged
to stand upon my own merits ; not to stand
upon the accident that I as a representative of
the people, or of the States, have got any power
longer to dictate to the executive department
who shall be officers in my State and who shall
not. There is the real trouble, Mr. President.
I beg Senators not to suppose that I am
talking of anybody but myself. I am making
my own complaint. I think it a great out-
rage on my rights that I should be required to
have somebody proposed for an office who
understands how to perform its duties; that
that is to be the test instead of my will. What
right has the President of the United States to
say to me that the man I recommend shall
know what he has to do? Is it not enough
that I say he shall go in or that he shall go
out? Certainly, it is a great outrage upon
the rights of the people to have the President
or any head of a Department intimate any
such thing to me.
What business is it to him and what business
Is it to the people that the man I recommend
for an accountant in the Treasury cannot cast
up a column of figures? Is it not enough that
he has been for me for Senator through thick
and thin"? Is it not enough that he has trav-
eled night and day to get out to the primaries
the people who would all elect delegates for
me ? If there is any higher evidence of capa-
city to keep an account in the Treasury Depart-
ment, if there is any higher evidence of capacity
to be an employ6 iu the Naval Department to
get out books for the benefit of navigation than
the fact jthat a man has been for me in my
State, I should like to know what it is. It is
a base infringement on the rights of the people
to pretend any such thing.
That is the way we all feel, and, as I say, I
do not speak of anybody but myself. I feel
that my rights are outraged! I ought to have
a right to determine who shall perform public
functions in this Government, and not the
President, and it ought not to be a question
whether a man is fit or not; it ought to be a
question of whether I think he is fit from the
reasons and the motives that Ihave ! That is
the true ground!
But I must confess that I am admonished
that some other people in the country think
a little differently. There are a great many
people in this country who are not candidates
for office. There are a great many people in
this country who are not the followers of can-
didates for office. They are the people of the
country who embody its intelligence, who em-
body its prosperity, and who embody all the
elements that shall make any country a pros-
perous and successful one. They acknowledge
no man to be their master, they seek for favor
from 110 man, and it is their money and their
business that we expend and carry on. They
have a right, as some of them suppose, to say
that this Government shall be administered
by those who are best fitted to perform the
duties that the Government requires to be
performed. They believe that government is
not the end of the institutions of society, but
that it ia only the means to protect the rights
and promote the prosperity of the people, and
therefore that public servants, be they high or
low, do not come in by divine right or by favor,
and are not serving them as the end of a man's
ambition or the end of his duties, but only as
the means and services by which the good of
the people is to be attained. If so, certainly
in selecting the persons who are to carry on
the public business the same principles must
apply that apply to all other similar cases, and
therefore that citizen who can best perform a
given duty, (if it be of policy and administra-
tion, if it be of foreign or domestic govern-
ment and policy,) and whose policy agrees
with theirs, apd whose .capacity is equal to
carrying out that policy, must be selected; but
if it be a matter of detail, of clerkship, of
work, of mere executive administration in the
narrow sense, then that citizen who has the
highest character and the greatest capacity,
whatever his opinions maybe about religion
or politics, is best fitted to do that work.
And, Mr. President, that applies, as we
know in society, ia all the prosperous and
settled parts of the country, tn all the rela-
tions of private life. If a man comes into
my counting-house, and wishes to be a clerk,
I do not ask him if he is a Democrat or a
Republican; I do not ask him whom he is
going to vote for at the next primary or the
next election, but I endeavor to find out
whether he can keep accounts, whether he
can be trusted with money, whether he can
carry on the business that I have to perform
in the best and most advantageous way forthe
promotion of my interests; and when he comes
to go the polls with me at the next election, I
respect him just as highly and love him just
as warmly if he exercises the right of a citi-
zen to vote differently from me, or against
me, even if I am a candidate, as I would,
even more highly than I would, if he in a mean
and subservient way had voted for me or for
my friends.
Mr. CARPENTEB. Will my friend allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. With the greatest pleas-
ure.
Mr. CARPENTER. If some individual
should apply to my honorable friend to be
employed as a clerk or book-keeper in his
mercantile establishment, I want to know how
he would test his capacity to perform the
duties, by putting him to the desk and seeing
how he would do the work, or by sending him
up to a schoolmaster to be examined in geog-
raphy and grammar ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will tell my honorable
friend I should not test his capacity by putting
him to the desk and seeing how he would do
work, because iu making that very test he
might ruin my fortune and destroy my credit
and debase my honor. I would endeavor to
ascertain his capacity by a careful examina-
tion into what he had done, what his history-
was, what his reputation was, not for political
opinion, but for personal probity, because my
friend must believe that iu political opinion
every man is free, and he may be just as hon-
est. just as honorable if he believes even in re-
bellion and secession, as if he believed ou our
side. Therefore, I should not test him by
putting him in charge of my money, by any
means. I should test him by ascertaining what
his character was; I should test him by ascer-
taining what his capacity was; whether he
had ever been to school; whether he could
write his own name; whether he could spell, if
he was to conduct my correspondence, unless,
perhaps, I wished to be very popular in some
Democratic or other district, by showing that
I was not an aristocrat and always spelled my
letters wrong. That, perhaps, might be an
advantage in some sections of the country.
Mr. HAMLIN. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. EDMONDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. HAMLIN. After the individual should
have passed the ordeal which the Senator would
prescribe for his admission into his service,
and after he should have had the benefit of
years of that man's labor under his own in-
spection, would he call in a board and put that
man under a competitive examination for the
purpose of seeing whether he should be pro-
moted when there was a vacancy in his corps
of clerks?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir, I do not think I
would, by any means. The honorable Senator
is uumeasurably mistaken as I never knew him
to be before 
Mr. HAMLIN. The rules established by
this board provide for that very thing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The rules do not provido
