1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3297
eer, ensign, and pilot in the naval service, and en-
rolling officer, fifteen dollars per month ; for cadet
midshipman, passed midshipman, midshipmen,
clerks of admirals and paymasters, and of other
officers commanding vessels, second and third as-
sistant engineer, master's mate, and all warrant
officers in the naval service, ten dollars per month:
and tor all other persons whose rank or office is not
mentioned in this section, eight dollars per month ;
and the masters, pilots, engineers, sailors, and
crows upon the gunboats and war vessels shall be
entitled to receive the pension allowed herein to
those of like rank in the naval service, and every
commissioned officer ot the Army, Navy, or Marine
corps shall receive such and only such pension as is
herein provided, for the rank he held at the time he
received the injury, or contracted the disease which
resulted in the disability, on account ot which he
may be entitl d to a pension ; and any commission
or presidential appointment, regularly iosued to such
person, shall be taken to determine his rank from
and after the date, as given in the body of the com-
mission or appointment conferring said rank: Pro-
vided, That a vacancy existed in the rank thoreby
conferred; that the person commissioned was not
disabled lor military duty; and that he did not will-
fully neglect or rcfuso to be mustered.
Mr. MOORE. I move to strike out, after
the word "office," in line twenty-seven, the
word " or.'' It is simply superfluous.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COGHLAN. I move -to amend by
striking out, in lines thirty-four and thirty five,
the words " contracted the disease which re-
sulted in the disability," and inserting in lieu
thereof the words " the time he became dis-
abled through disease contracted in the line
of his duty." The section will then provide
that the pension of an officer shall be in accord-
ance with " the rank he held at the time he
received the injury or the time he became dis-
abled through disease contracted in (he line of
his duty." The bill as reported by the com-
mittee provides that a pension for disease con-
tracted in ttie service shall be in accordance
with the rank held at the time the disease re-
sulting in disability was contracted. Now, it
is possible that a disease like consumption may
be years in advancing to the point where it
constitutes disability and entitles the party to
a pension. I propose that in such cases the
pension shall be for the rank held at the time
when the disability commenced, not at the
time when the disease was contracted, which
may have been four or five years earlier, when
the man held perhaps a subordinate rank.
Mr. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, there is no
point in the amendment. Provision is made
in the law that no man shall be pensioned for
auy disease he did not contract while in the
line of duty. The bill is all right as it stands.
Mr. COGHLAN. Under the bill as it
stands a man may have contracted, while
-• simply a lieutenant, a disease which after-
ward disables him; yet disability may not
y occur until be becomes a colonel ssveral years
" afterward. During all this time he may have
been serving the country, though the seeds of
" the disease (consumption, for instance) have
' been gradually developing. Under the bill,
such a man will draw pension only for the
rank he held when the disease was contracted.
■*s According to my amendment, he will draw
I pension according to the rank held by him at
the time he is disabled by the disease. This
■; is all the amendment contemplates. There
| can be, it seems to me, no misconstruction
JL about it.
f, Mr. MOORE. I think the gentleman from
| California [Mr. Coghlan] is mistaken in his
view of the law. The application of a meas-
urelike this must necessarily be general and
P. universal in its application. If it should apply
| in the case suggested, it must necessarily ap-
8, ply in every case. The difficulty arises not
If so much from what a single individual may be
||t supposed to suffer,as from what the great mass
I .of pensioners will necessarily suffer from the
I impossibility of making any other application
& ' than that proposed in the bill. There must be
I' some delinite point forthe person investigating
0 the case to stand upon. Where shall he com-
(: -mence the investigation 1 Shall it be the time
the disease was contracted, or the time when
it makes its most violent appearance ?
The argument of the gentleman signifies Mr. DUELL.
this and nothing more: to-day he is a pri- ing out "forty'
vate and contracts a disease, to-morrow is a will read:
captain, and the disease becomes violent, next
a major and it is more violent still, and the
next day a brigadier, and it is still more violent.
The argument amounts to that, and nothing
else. I trust the amendment will be rejected.
This is in accordance with the practice of the
Government. It is wise and just, and brings
110 hardship on any class whatever.
Mr. COGHLAN. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
have a vote on the amendment, and if the
House understands it they will vote for it. It
is said in effect in the report of the committee,
in the words of the bill now before the House,
that a man may fight for the Government for
ten years, and during the whole time he may
have in his body the seeds of consumption
or some other disease, and when retired for
disease he shall not have a pension according
to the rank which he earned by gallant service,
but his pension shall be of the rank he held
ten years before, when the disease was con-
tracted. I think it is injustice. There must be
a time in reference to which the pension must
be fixed, and that time when the disability
occurs, and it should be no other time. It is
the time when he ts retired from the Army or
from the Navy for disability. He may have
had the seeds of disease in his body for years
and years. ]
Mr. MOORE. Then he could not get a
pension at all by the present law.
Mr. COGHLAN. Why not?
Mr. MOOliE. Ifhehadinhissystemt.be
seeds of disease when he entered the Ariny or
Navy, lie could not get any pension for dis-
ability.
Mr. COGHLAN. The gentleman does not
understand, or he does not want to understand
this precise ease. A man may have contracted
disease in the line of his duty, but when he
remained in the service and after years became
disabled his pension should not date back to
the rank when the disease was contracted, but
it should be of the rank he held when the
disability occurred.
Mr. BIRD. In view of all the difficulties I
trust the gentleman from California will with-
draw bis amendment and yield to the line of
action adopted by the Committee on Pensions,
and leave all cases of special hardship as they
are at present to come for relief to Congress.
The amendment was again read.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
seventeen, noes not counted.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read the next section, as follows;
Sec. 3. That the pension for a permanent speoifio
disability named or doscribod in this section shall
be as follows, namely: the loss of both hands, or
total and permanent disability of the same; toeloss
of the sight of both eyes, or the loss ol the sight ot
one eye, the sight of theotbereye having previously
been lost; the loss of both feet, or total and perma-
nent disability rendering the person utterly help-
less, or so nearly so as to require the constant per-
sonal aid and attendance of another person, forty
dollars per month; the loss of a hand and foot, or
total and permanent disability of the same; ortotal
and permanent disability, incapacitating for the
performance of any manual labor, but not such as to
require constant personal aid and attendance, thirty
dollars per month; the loss_ of a hand or loot, or
total and permanent disability of the same; or any
disability rendering the inability to perform man-
ual labor equivalent to the loss of a hand or loot,
twenty dollars per month; and the loss ol the hear-
ing of both ears, or any disability to a degree tor
which there is no other provision in this act, shall
be entitled to a pension of thirteen dollars per
month : Provided. That the pension for the loss ot
both feet, both hands, or the sight of both eyes,
shall not commence prior to the 4th day ot July.
1864; that the pension for the loss of one loot ana
one hand shall not commence prior to the 3d day ot
March. 1865; and that the pension for any other
1 • . 1. _ I ? 1. L. . /I rvrt O t Q/"l oKfl II nrth mm 6QC6
I move to amend by strik-
and inserting "fifty;" so it
disability herein designated shall not commence
prior to the 6th d_ay of. June, 1866; and that the
   :e p
tfie approval of this act: Provided further. That any
nension0 for'loss of hearing of 'both ears, or other
equivalent disability, shall not commence "nor to
commissioned officer shall rcceive as much pension
for the specific disability herein provided tor as a
private disabled in like manner: And provided fur-
ther That in no case shall the additional increases
of pension provided for in this section take effect
prior to the passage of this act.
That the pension for a permanent specific dis-
ability named or described in this section slull bo
as follows, namely : the loss of both hands, or total
and permanent disability of the same; the loss of
the sight of both eyes, or the loss of the sightof one
eye, the sight of the other eye having previously
been lost; the loss of both feet, or total and perma-
nent disability of the same; or other total and
permanent disability rendering the person utterly
helpless, or so nearly so as to require the constant
personal aid and attendance of another person, fifty
dollars per mouth.
I submit to the House the sum of fifty dol-
lars is not under the circumstances out. of the
way for that class of persons, and 1 hope the
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. MOORE. 1 will remark lliat we found
on considering this subject a nniveisal desire
to raise the pensions of these very unfortunate
men. After consulting extensively with mem-
bers of the House and ascertaining what the
general view was upon the subject, we well led
upon three grades of forty, thirty, and twenty
dollars. 1 think those are liberal rates. Of
course they are not full compensation for what
these men suffered ; but to think of fullv com-
pensating all the men who suffered in behalf
of the country in dollars and cents is out of
the question. 1 hope the House will make no
change in it in this respect.
Mr. DUELL. I will stato to the IIouso
that I am informed, by good authority, that
the number of persons who would be benefited
by this proposed amendment would not ex-
ceed twenty in number, It seoms to me that
we ought to confer this benefit on this small
class of persons by the adoption of the amend-
ment I have offered.
Mr. STO UM. I desire to call the attention
of the chairlnan of the committee to a singu-
lar contradiction in this section. The sec-
tion provides that the pension shall com-
mence from certain dates in 1861, 1805, and
18(50 
Mr. MOORE. I would suggest to tho gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stokm] that
an amendment is now ponding, and it will ba
better to settle one question at a time.
Mr. BIRD. The House will observe the
very great importance of this proposed amend-
ment. If we increase the pension from forty
to fifty dollars, as proposed in this particular
instance, it must be remembered that there are
two other grades, which will necessarily require
to be advanced also. I trust the gentleman
from New York will not forget that considera-
tion, and I trust the House will not forget its
importance, in considering the propriety of
taking this first step in advancing these pen-
sions.
This is the second step proposed by the
committee in advancing pensions of this grade.
At one time the pension was twenty-five dol-
lars ; then it was made thirty dollars; now it
is proposed by the committee to be placed at
forty dollars. It strikes me, while I have a
great deal of sympathy with this class, and
while I would like very much to advance their
pensions to the extent suggested by the gen-
tleman from New York, yet it strikes me we
should move slowly, especially when we re-
member the immense number of applicants
for pensions still, both those at the bureau and
those having special claims for regard on the
part of this House.
I would simply suggest the importance of
remembering that there are two or three
other grades which we propose to advance,
and whose claims are as strong as those of
the grade in regard to which the geutleman
from New York has offered an amendment;
and that the recommendations of the commit-
tee, if agreed to, will take an additional amount
from the Treasury of over six huudied thou-
sand dollars. This, I would suggest to the
House, is a very important consideration.
The question being taken on Mr. Dcell'S
amendment, it was disagreed to.
42d Cong. 2d Sess,—No. 207.
