558
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 3,
Senate.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Carpenter.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Andrew Johnson, did any.man charge him
with violating the law in having his house pro-
tected at night by sentinels ? Was any com-
plaint made upon the ground that three or
four Army officers were serving him in the
capacity of clerks in the White House? If
there was, I never heard of it, and yet we
know that in that heated and angry time those
who opposed Andrew Johnson were not over-
scrupulous about the charges _ they brought
against him, and still such a thing was never
laid to his charge, although, as I have shown,
instead of what has been done and is being
done now being without a precedent, it is less
in every respect than was done during the
entire administration of Mr. Johnson without
criticism from anybody whatever.
But again, this is a charge not only that the
Executive Mansion has assumed the character
of military headquarters, but that he has sub-
stituted military forms for those of civil life.
I take it to be the duty of this Senate, I take
it to be the duty of the members of the other
Ilouse, I take it to be the duty of all lovers of
truth and justice, who reside for a portion of
the year in Washington and know the facts,
to bear testimony to the American people
whether this arraignment of President Grant
is a truth or a falsehood. Senators, how has
the White House been made to assume the
character of military headquarters? l)o you
encounter any sentinel at the door? Do you
see any orderly on the stairs ? Do you see a
gun or a musket or a shoulder-strap in the
White House from top to bottom? Not one.
The whole charge is baseless as a dream.
Then came the Senator to the great crimes
of nepotism and gift-receiving. Well, I do not
propose to waste much strength upon either
of these subjects. Nepotism is a pretty large
phrase, and would include a good many of us
in its rigid application. I am not aware that
it is any worse for a man to procure his brother
to be appointed to an office, if competent to
discharge its duties, than it is to procure an
appointment for a particular friend. In prin-
ciple there is no difference between the two
cases. It may bo that if we were exercising
that romantic Spartan simplicity of manner
which may return after the millennium, when
the Senator from Massachusetts and the Sen-
ator from Missouri shall be in joint possession
of the White House, this sort of thing might
be objected to; but really, in the practical
course of business in this country, the thing
is a little too trifling to deserve serious atten-
tion.
Receiving gifts I What is there of this? Sim-
ply that it results from the consciousness of
the American people that the salaries paid by
our Government are but niggardly compensa-
tion for high public service. When the war
closed, the exultation and gratitude of the
people were unbounded, and it naturally found
expression toward those who had rendered
most distinguished service in suppressing the
rebellion.
Many instances of the same nature are found
in English history. Marlborough and Welling-
ton were both honored and rewarded by simi-
lar expressions of admiration and gratitude.
True, in these cases the acts of reward pro-
ceeded from Parliament, but Parliament was
not fettered by the rigid provisions of a written
constitution, and could in its omnipotence so
give voice to the feelings of the British people.
Here the most that Congress could do would
be limited to the gift of a sword, with as few
diamonds as possible about the hilt. But
here the people in their own generous way,
spontaneously rendered tribute, and a victoii-
ous general could certainly not be regarded as
tarnishing his laurels by accepting such volun-
tary, nay, enthusiastic evidence of apprecia-
tion. Grant was not alone in receiving sueh
tokens of appreciation and gratitude. Sher-
man, McClellan, Sheridan, and other distin-
guished officers were recipients of the same
kind of acknowledgments.
Are these free gifts of a grateful people—a
people grateful for country and liberties
saved—to be likened to bribes ? Who will say
it? The Senator from Massachusetts, in his
assumption of personal purity and lofty virtue,
may utter his spurious indignation, and fortify
his position by "wise saws and modern in-
stances," but the robust common sense of the
American people will reject with contempt all
such absurd criticism and censure.
The next serious arraignment of the Presi-
dent is in respect to the " big " war he prose-
cuted against Haytil 1 do not propose to go
through the San Domingo discussion again.
We had it here in secret session and iu open
session. The Senator from Missouri labored
at great length, in open session, to show that
the President of the United States bad for a
long time been levying war upon the republic
of Hayti, and the Senator from Massachusetts
swelling with what I have no doubt he thought
was inspiration, but what was undoubtedly
mere atmosphere, repeated' some ancient
writer who says, " There is no such thing as
a small war." He allowed the Senator from
Missouri to establish the fact that there had
been a war, and then he resurrected antiquity
to say that there could be no "small" war.
Well, take the two Senators together, and
what resulted ? Why, that General Grant
prosecuted for months a great war against
Hayti.
Now, is that really so, or is there a little
exaggeration about that, too? Is that subject
to the same deduction and discount you have
to make in regard to the White Ilouse having
been turned into a fort, and civil life having
lost its appearance entirely in the military
arrangement for defense within which General
Grant has intrenched himself against the as-
saults of the Senator from Massachusetts and
the Senator from Missouri? Yes, sir, this
statement needs just the same deduction.
General Grant, it must be understood, knows
something about the methods of war. Had
the Senator from Massachusetts been Presi-
dent of the United States and wanted to levy
a war upon Hayti, it is very probable that he
would have waged it in as gentle a manner as
Grant is alleged to have done this ; but Gen-
eral Grant manages war after a different fash-
ion. He was Commander-in-Chief of the Army
and of the Navy, and if he meant to make war
upon Hayti he knew how to do it.
But, sir, what was there of that great war
upon Hayti? When it was finally ciphered
down on the investigation, and the precise
facts ascertained, the only act done by any
naval officer which could be tortured into a
prosecution of war, was the firing off of one
sky-rocket from the deck of one of our ships,
somewhere near the coast of Hayti. So that
we are told that General Grant, a chieftain of
some reputation and experience, in command
of the Army and Navy of one of the greatest
nations on earth, levied a war upon that fee-
ble Government for months, and, in the fres-
coed rhetoric of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, a great war, too; yet not a soldier
marched, not a gun was fired, not a pocket
pistol was drawn; a single sky-rocket was
discharged from a man-of-war. [Laughter.]
What is the charge against the President?
Why, that he usurped the war power of this
nation when he fired that sky-rocket. [Laugh-
ter.] You cannot fire a sky-rocket from a
man-of-war in the Indian ocean, nor in Liv-
erpool, nor anywhere on the globe, without a
previous act of Congress specifying the precise
moment when the sky-rocket shall be fired,
in what direction it shall be aimed, how much
material shall be in it, and the purpose for
which it shall be fired. And if you do not so
provide, and if any naval officer somewhere
shall, no matter with what purpose, send up
into blue space one sky-rocket, the President
of the United States, who never ev-en saw the
sky-rocket, is chargeable with having usurped
the war power of the nation and levied a war
for several months. There are a great many
things that might be said about this moment-
ous matter; but, indeed, it is hardly worth
more talk. I do not believe the people of
this country will quite think General Grant
made a war for several months that nobody
ever heard of, and in which not even a pocket
pistol was discharged.
But the most remarkable part of the Sen-
ator's speech remains to be considered. I
think the people, as they road this malicious
arraignment, may lose their patience, but they
will probably preserve their gravity until they
come to the place where the Senator from
Massachusetts arraigns the President of the
United States for egotism, self-pretension, and
a quarrelsome disposition. Mr. Preoident, if
the people of the United States could see these
men as we see them daily in official and social
intercourse, if they could be acquainted as we
are with their incomings and outgoings, their
daily walk and conversation, they would com-
prehend the joke to a degree which they never
could without such knowledge. Sir, go to
the White House any day, or any evening,
and you see the President of the United States,
a mild, gentle-mannered man, accessible to
the highest, lowest, richest, poorest, blackest,
whitest citizen of the United States; to all
who seek him " sweet as summer," never
alluding to himself, never referring to his
achievements in the war. Turn from that
picture to the lofty and prancing Senator from
Massachusetts, who has just pranced out ol'
the Chamber, [laughter,] and then imagine
that Senator in all his pomp and pride of cir-
cumstance, rising here with a prepared and
printed, revised and corrected oration, arraign-
ing General Grant for egotism and pretension ;
and yet more, for a quarrelsome turn of mind !
Now, Mr. President, here is anotlu-r point as
to which it is our duty to testify. The Ameri-
can people do not fully know these two men.
They do not know how false in every sense,
not only iu its letter, but in its spirit, and in all
the impressions it is designed to produce, that
assertion is. We do know it. I appeal to jou,
Senators, as men of honor; I say you cannot
sit here silently and witness such injustice
committed iu this Chamber. If you do, you
become a party to it. Your silence gives as-
sent to it, and in some sense you give your
approbation to that charge, and send it out
against General Graut before the American
people.
What are the facts? And I speak now of
what every man who knows General Grant
knows. I was trying last night to recall a
single instance if in conversation in regard to
the late war I had heard General Grant allude
to himself, and I could not. I have heard him
speak in the most glowing terms of his com-
rades in arms. I have heard him speak of the
exploits of Sherman. I have heard him allude
to what was done by Logax, by McPherson,
and by many other officers of the Union Army.
I never heard him say, speaking of a battle,
'• At such a juncture 1 thought 1 would do so
and so;" or, "I ordered a battalion this way
or that;" or, "I turned the scale by such a
maneuver." I never heard him allude to
himself in connection with the war. I believe
you might go to the White House and live
with the President and converse about the war
day after day, and you never would know from
anything he said that he was in the war at all.
Turn now again to his great accuser, the
Senator from Massachusetts. Who ever heard
him speak five minutes on any subject that he
did not glorify himself? [Laughter.] I chal-
