3298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
Mr. DUELL. I offer tlie following amend-
ment:
In lino fourteen, section three, strike out " thirty
dollars " and insert " forty dollars."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr, DUBLL. I offer the following amend-
ment :
In line eighteen, section three, strike out " twenty
dollarrs" and insert "thirty dollars."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. STORM. I move to strike out the last
proviso of this section, as follows:
And provided further, That in no case shall the
additional increase of pension provided for in tllis
section take effect prior to the passage of this aot.
I offer this amendment with a view to mak-
ing the section consistent with itself, it is
provided in the iirst proviso that the pensions
therein named shall commence at. certain
dates. And in this last proviso it is provided'
that in no case shall the additional increase
of pension provided for in this section take
effect prior to the passage of this act. Either
this proviso should be stricken out, or else
the limitation of time in regard to the dates at
which the increased pensions should com-
mence should be changed. The two provisos
cannot stand in the bill together consistently
with each other.
1 should like to hear some member of the
committee give an explanation in regard to
this matter.
Mr. BIRD. The first two provisos of this
section are very clear and distinct. They re-
late to certain cases. The last proviso relates
particularly to those who are benefited by the
advance given in the lirst, second, and third
grades leferred to in the section, so that
there may be no inequality whatsoever in the
application of the law. Pensions which come
under the lirst, second, and third grades of
the section will take cll'ect precisely as those
of similar grades look cll'ect in the law as it
stood, as it stands now, and as it has stood for
years.
There is no desire on the part of the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, and I presume
there is none on the part of this House, to
place these pensioners upon a dilferent foot-
ing. or to give one class the benefit of this act
and not the other. It is barely possible that
some of those three classes, some without
either foot., some without either arm, i-onia
without one foot and one arm, may not have
applied 1'or pensions. If they have not ap-
plied, and yet. apply to the Pension Office for
their pensions, it will be very unjust that they
should lake forty dollars, or thirty dollars, or
twenty dollars a month from the commence-
ment, while those who have applied and have
had their lil'teen, twenty, or thirty dollars
should not he allowed to get the larger amount.
The last proviso is designed to reach those
eases, anil those only, and as I read the
section it cannot be i rl tired into any other
construction whatever.
Jlr. STORM The gentleman will see that
the word '•pension*' in line twenty two does
not mean the pensions provided for in this act,
but those provided for under existing law.
l'herelore it is ambiguous, and 1 say it should
not^be expressed ill the fir.^t proviso.
ITe question was taken upon the amend-
ment, and it was not agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
Skc. G. That it any person embraced within the
provisions ol the fir-t scction of this act has died
Miice the-ttli day ot March, 18ol, or .-hall hereafter
(lie, by reiJMin ot any wound or di^ea-ie which, under
t he coiiuitioi)> ,i od limitations ot said section, would
it a \ r entitled Jum to an invalid penaiou had he been
(ti-.;ihieii, (ii^ widew, or it there bo no widow, or in
ease ol her dcatu, without payment to her of any
jiait et the penuon aereinalter mentioned, his child
ui euikuei', under .-lxtccn jc,ua ol disc, stull bo di-
nned to receive the srine pension in the husband or
i -liicr would have been entitled to had ho been
to; d. UiMi'iled, to coouuencc lroni the death ot the
hu o.um er tamer, to • oikuhic to tile widow during
her «idowln.od. and to his child or children until
'< hey severally auamtho age ol sixteen years, and
iio longer, and that if the widow remarry, the child
or children shall be entitled from the date of re-
marriage.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I move to
amend the section just read by adding thereto
the following:
Provided, That the provisions of this section shall
be so interpreted as to apply to the widow or widows,
child or children, of officers and privates of the Mis-
souri State militia and the enrolled Missouri militia,
if the husband or father was wounded or contracted
the disease of which he died while in the service ot
the United States.
I propose this amendment for these reasons:
it will be remembered that in the State of Mis-
souri during the war we had three military
organizations ; one called the Missouri State
militia, which consisted of twelve regiments.
Under an agreement between the Governor
of the State at. that time and the President of
the United ritat.es those twelve regiments
were mustered into the service of the United
States, to be paid and officered as other
soldiers, with the exception that they were
not to be required to go beyond the limits of
the State of Missouri and perforin duty, except
in the pursuit of an enemy.
Another organization is one mentioned in
this amendment. While I believe that the
provisions of the first section of this act,
being the same as the provisions of the pen-
sion laws now in existence, apply to the wid-
ows and orphans of the soldiers and officers
of these military organizations, the Pension
Bureau has held differently. These men were
ill the service of the Government of the Uni-
ted States—1 mean the twelve regiments of
the Missoun Slate militia. They were officered
and paid by the Government of the United
States. They are to-day receiving bounty, or
have received bounty from the Government
through the Second Auditor here, and they
have been treated in all respects by every
Department of the Government, except the
Pension Bureau, as soldiers of the Govern-
ment of the United States.
The other part of this amendment applies
only to the widows and orphans oft hese soldiers
while they were directly in the service of the
Government of the United States. They were
frequently while in service placed utider the
command of officers of the Government of the
United States and performed duties as sol-
diers of the Government of the United States.
Therefore, they ought to be upon the same
footing precisely as the widows and orphans
ol officers and privates of any other class of
our soldiers.
I therefore have moved this amendment.
While I believe that the law now applies to
them, while I believe the Pension Bureau is
misconstruing the law on this point, in oider
that there may be no misunderstanding about
it, and that the widows and orphans of these
men who did more severe military service
than any other class of privates in any of the
border States shall be put upon the same foot-
ing precisely as the widows and orphans of
other soldiers, I have moved this amendment,.
Mr. DAWES. As the morning hour has
expired, I will move that, the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. EINKELNBURG. I hope the gentle-
man will not insist upon that motion until this
amendment is disposed of.
Mr. DAWES. I will reserve my motion if
the vote can be taken at once.
The amendment moved by Mr. Parker, of
Missouri, was agreed to.
ELECTION CONTEST UIDDINGS VS. CLARK.
Mr. McCRARY. I had intended to call
up this morning the contested-election case of
Giddings vs. Clark, from the State of Texas ;
but owing to the iiidisjiosition of the sitting
member, who wishes to be heard, I have con-
sented to postpone it until Monday next after
the morning hour.
ORDER or BUSINESS.
. .Mr, DAWES.- I now move .that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. With the under-
standing that we shall proceed to the consid-
eration of the fortification bill ?
Mr. DAWES. On condition that it will not
give rise to any extended debate.
The SPEAKER. If there is any debate
upon it the committee can rise and have the
question determined by the House.
FORTIFICATION APPROPRIATION ftlLL.
The House resolved itself into Committee:
of the Whole, Mr. Scofield in the chair.
Mr. N1BLACK. I move to _ lay^ aside the
tariff bill and take up the fortification appro-
priation bill.
Mr. DICKEY. That motion is not neces
sary. The fortification bill has precedence.
'The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of the
Whole proceeds to the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 1071) making appropriations
for the construction, preservation, and repair
of certain fortifications and other works of
defense.
Mr. NIBLACK. I ask unanimous consent
that the first reading of the bill be dispensed
with.
There being no objection, it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. BURCHARD. I rise to a point of
order. I believe the tariff bill was made a
special order in Commit tee of the Whole for
every day after the morning hour. Does not
that bill take precedence of the fortification
bill ?
Mr. DAWES. It was proposed before we
had the morning hour to-day, that we go into
Committee of the Whole upon the fortification
bill. Upon that understanding the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Niblaok] sent for his
papers and got ready for the consideration of
that bill. But the House preferred to have
the morning hour. I thought, however, that
after the gentleman from Indiana had got all
ready, it was not quite fair to insist upon the
consideration, of the tariff bill to the exclusion
of t he fortification bill, which I understand will
take but a short time. Hence, I waive the
tariff bill lor the present.
Mr. GARE1ELD, of Ohio. _ It is not a
question of waiving. We are in Committee
of the Whole, and the fortification bill being
first ou the Calendar, has precedence. The
Committee on Appropriations have hitherto
waived the prior right of this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The fortification bdl
was made a special order in Committee ot the
Whole, and it is now in order.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Chairman, when the
war closed we found our fortifications prac-
tically worthless for the mounting and support
ot the class of' guns invented, developed, and
brought into use during the war. They were
all too small. While the old structures afford
a foundation upon which to build, and are
capable of being enlarged and.modified so as
to suit the guns that we now desire to mount
upon them, yet considerable money must be
expended before they can be available tor the
purpose of defense. Eor two or three years
after the war—some four years perhaps^ we
made no expenditure at all for fortifications.
During that time the War Department was
engaged in preparing plans and specifications
for the remodeling and reconstruction ot
these fortifications according to the more
modern plans, and to meet the uses for which
they are now needed. Two years ago we made
an appropriation for fortifications, and again
last year. Now, for the third time, the Cmn-
mtltee on Appropriates has reported a bill for
the purpose of carrying on and extending the
works thus begun. The committee has recom-
mended appropriations for sucli worKS only as
oil consultation with the proper authorities are
regarded as of the most ui gent ioipoitance; ana
while this bill proposes to appropriate about
two million dollars, we felt that we could not
