610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
There is one other question to which, per-
haps, I ought to call the attention of the Sen-
ate in connection with this matter. The four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States provides:
" But when the right to vote at any election for
the choice of electors for President and Vice Presi-
dent of the United States, Representatives in Con-
gress, the executive and judicial officers of a State,
or the members of the Legislature thereof, is denied
to any of the male inhabitants of such State, being
twenty-one years of age, and citizens of the United
States, or in any way abridged, except for partici-
pation in rebellion or other crime, the basis of rep-
resentation therein shall be-reduced in the propor-
tion which the number of such male citizens shall
bear to the whole number of male citizens twenty-
one years of age in such State."
The Senate is aware that no law has been
passed to carry out this provision of the four-
teenth amendment; but the Secretary of the
Interior in his instructions issued to the assist-
ant marshals who were to take the census,
directed them to ascertain how many persons
were deprived of the right to vote, being male
citizens of the United States, and upward of
twenty-one years of age, for any other reason
than participation in the rebellion or the com-
mission of crime, and they have reported to
us in the census tables that there are in the
various States of the Union 43,329 such per-
sons. The largest number reported in any
State is in the State of Missouri, which is
reported to have 9,205; but in all the States
some persons, according to this report, are
deprived of the right to vote who are twenty-
one years of age and upward and male citi-
zens of the United States. 1 suppose that
arises out of laws in most of the States which
prevent idiots, lunatics, and paupers from
voting. I do not know' otherwise how they
found in some of tho States any persons
deprived of such rights. But the Secretary
of the Interior and the Census Bureau do not
place much reliance on these returns. I send
to the Secretary's desk, and ask to have read
for the information of the Senate, a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior as to the relia-
bility of this table:
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
Departmkst op the intkuioyi,
Washington, December 11,1871.
StH: In complianoo with a resolution of tho hon-
orablo Houso of Keprcsontativos, under date of tho
7th instant, I havo the honor to transmit a table
exhibiting "the number of inhabitants, oxcluding
Indians not taxed, in each of tho States and Terri-
tories of tho United States, as ascertained by tho
last census."
Also, " tho number of male inhabitants in oaoh
State being twenty-ono year." of ago, and citizens of
tho United States, whose ri^ht to vote in such Stato
at any cloction for tho choice of electors for Presi-
dent and Vice President of tho United States, Rep-
resentatives in Congress, the oxccutivo and judicial
officers of a Stato, or tho members of the Legisla-
ture thereof, is denied, or in any way abridged,
except for participation in rebellion, or othor
crime." •
1 havo also deemed it proper to add a statement
of tho numbor of male citizens of tho United States
twenty-one years of ago and over, as tho samo havo
been returned by tlio assistant marshals of tho sev-
eral States.
I Unnecessary to state, in transmitting these tables,
that tile Department is disposed to give but little
credit to tho returns made by assistant marshals in
regard to the denial or abridgment of suffrage. Tho
unfavorable judgmontof tho Department in respect
to this singlo class of statistics is formed, first, from
the application of certain statistical tests, and sec-
ond, from a consideration of tho agencies employed,
which are not deemed adequate to tlio'determina-
tion of the numerous questions of difficulty and
nicety which are involved.
I have further the honor to state, that it is not in
the power of the Department to give " tho number
of male inhabitants of each Stato twenty-one years
of age arid over," as required by tho resolution of
tho honorable Houso of Representatives. It is not
expected that these statistics will be prepared for
some months to come. It needs, perhaps, to bo stated
that the corresponding statements for tho eighth
census were not issued from the press until October,
1864.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
TT _ C. DELANO, Secretary.
Hon. James G. Blaine,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will be observed that
the Secretary of the Interior and the Census
Bureau place very little reliance upon these
returns for the reasons which are stated in that
letter; but I desire to say to the Senate that
the committee have taken the pains to make
up a table, which has been laid upon the desks
of Senators, and which is the second table in
the printed report, by which it will be seen that
a calculation has been made after applying the
fourteenth amendment on the basis of the re-
turns from the Census Bureau, and it so hap-
pens that it does not affect the representation of
any State in the Union ; the result is precisely
the same. So there is no importance, if the
bill recommended by the committee should be
adopted, whether you take into the calculation
the number of persons not entitled to vote, as
reported by the Census Bureau, or not, and
that will avoid, perhaps, any controversy in
the Senate on that subject as to whether we
ought to take them into the account, because,
if taken into the calculation, it does not vary
the result, as you will see by the tables which
the committee has taken the pains to prepare
and have printed and_laid on the desks of
Senators.
Now I believe I have explained the differ-
ence between these two bills in regard to the
apportionment. There are one or two other
amendments reported to the House bill. The
bill, as it came from the House, fixes the same
day for the election of members of Congress
throughout the United States from and after
the year 1876. The committee have recom-
mended that we strike out 1876 and insert
1872, so that the election of the members of
Congress shall take place on the same day
throughout the United States at the next elec-
tion, and ever afterward. The committee
have also annexed a proviso to the third sec-
tion of the bill, which I will read:
Provided, That in any Stato in which by law the
polls aro held open moro than one day for tho elec-
tion ot Stato oiheers, tho polls, for the election of
members of Congross in such State in A. D. 1872,
shall bo held open for the same length of time,
beginning on the day above specified in this section.
The reason for that proviso is this : the first
part of section three fixes a particular day
when members of Congress are to be elected,
and the committee were informed that in some
of the southern States elections were only
hold at the county seat, and that they continued
those elections for several days. This clause
is inserted so as to allow them to continue the
election for members of Congress in the same
manner as they do for State officers, it being
supposed that it was impracticable for all the
voters in a county to go to the county seat and
vote on the same day.
The Committee on the Judiciary have also
proposed to add a section to the bill, which 1
will read:
Sko. 6. That should any State, after the passage
of this act,dony or abridge theright of any of the male
inhabitants of such State, being twenty-ono years
of age, and citizens ofthoUnited States, to vote at any
election named in tho Constitution, article fourtoen,
section one, except for participation in the rebellion
or other crime, the number ol Representatives ap-
portioned m this act to such State shall be reduced
in tho proportion which tho number of such male
citizens shall have to the whole number of male
citizens twenty-one years of age in such State.
The object of that is to carry out the four-
teenth amendment of the Constitution, and
in ease any of the States of the Union should,
after the passage of this act, deny to any of
their male citizens specified in the Constitution
the right to vote otherwise than for the cause
there assigned, the Congress will take occa-
sion to reduce their representation in the man-
ner provided for in the Constitution of the
United States.
I believe, Mr. President, this completes all
that it is necessary to say in explanation of
the bill, although there is one other question
which has been raised by some persons that I
do not think has any necessary connection
with the bill that it may be proper to allude
to. The Constitution of the United States, in
providing for the electionof President, declares
that "each Stat# shall appoint, in such man-
ner as the Legislature thereof may direct, a
number of electors equal to the whole number ,
of Senators and Representatives to which the
State may be entitled in the Congress." The
question has been raised whether, in the elec-
tion of President, each State is to have a num-
ber of electors equal to the number of its
members in the two Houses, in the Senate
and House of Eepresentatives at this time in
the present Congress, or whether it is to have
the number that shall be assigned in the appor-
tionment which we are about to pass. The bill
is to take effect when it passes.
Mr. COLE. Not until 1873, as I under-
stand.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It takes effect at once
as a law; but the members elected next fall
will take their seats on the 4th of March, 1873;
and the question has been mooted by some
persons as to how many electoral votes the
States will be entitled to, whether they will be
entitled to a number according to the number
of Representatives which shall be assigned by
the bill that we pass on the apportionment
made upon the census of 1870, or to a number
based on the number of Representatives now
apportioned in the present Congress. The
language of the Constitution I have just read.
It says, "the whole number of Senators and
Representatives to which the State may be
entitled in the Congress." That unquestion-
ably means the Congress when the President
is to be inaugurated. The President does not
come into office until 1873, and the number
of members that we elect to the Congress to
take their seats on the 4th of Karch, 1873,
governs the number of electors that the State
is entitled to elect on the same day, of course
adding the Senators to the Representatives. I
think there ought to be no doubt as to what was
the intention of the Constitution ; but if there
was any doubt it was settled by the men who
made the Constitution.
I have already stated to the Senate that the
first apportionment that ever took place after
the one made in the Constitution itself was
by an act passed on the 14th of April, 1792,
when there were apportioned to the various
States of the Union one hundred and five
members. An election of President took
place in the fall of 1792, and each State
appointed as many electors as it would have
members and Senators in the Congress which
was to convene on the 4th of March, 1793.
But the Congress of the United States took
action upon that subject, many of the very
men who made the Constitution being in that
Congross, and Washington himself, who pre-
sided over the Convention, being the then Pres-
ident, he having been elected in 1788; and
they declared :
"That except in case of an election of President
and Vice Prosidont of the United States prior to the
ordinary period, as hereinafter specifiod"— .
That is, where a vacancy occurs—
" eleotors shall be appointed in each State for the
election of a President and Yico President of tho
United States, within thirty-four days preceding
the first Wodnesday in December, 179Z, and within
thirty-four days preceding the first Wednesday in
December in overy fourth year succeeding tho last
election, which electors shall bo equal to the num-
ber of Senators and Representatives to which tho
several States may by law be entitled at the time
when the President and Vice President thus to be
chosen should coine into office."
That was the law passed in 1792, approved
by Washington, and madeby the men who made
the Constitution, and it is the law now. It has
never been changed.
Mr. MORTON. Does not that settle the
question ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that ought to
settle the question, if there was any doubt
about it; but I did not suppose really that
there ought to have heen any question upon
the subject. However, the question has some
times been raised ; it was in 1853 in this body,
notwithstanding this law. Mr. Borland, of
Arkansas, in 1852, just prior to the presiden-
tial election, introduced this resolution into
this body:
That the number of electoral votes to which each
State shall be entitled in the election of President
