1506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March
any such thing. I understand this question
perfectly ; but the Senator from Maine under-
takes, as anadroitdialectieian, as he is, to mis-
lead us—not that he means it—by supposing
that a head of Department can know as to the
fitness of each individual of two thousand or
three thousand men in his Department for
promotion as well as he or I could in our
counting-house with half a dozen clerks, whero
they sat at our own desk, and where we per-
sonally supervised them and knew their capaci-
ties from day to day. Now, I admit—and if
that is to destroy civil service reform, as far
as I am concerned the admission neverthe-
less must be given—that if the Government
of the United States could be carried on by
six persons or by twenty persons, all of whom
in the Treasury Department should sit under
the personal supervision of the Secretary of
the Treasury, and then the question of selec-
tion or promotion in that branch were to be
determined, the best judge of how that pro-
motion should be made would be the Secretary
himself, because he would have the best means
of knowing. But the honorable Senator from
Maine knows just as well as I do that it is not in
the range of hnman possibility, as we are at pres-
entconstituted, for any head of any one of the
Departments—I speak of the Treasury for
illustration—to know personally whether any
one of the two thousand persons in his employ-
ment id best suited for a particular promotion
or not, because he often does not know them
any better or as well, it may be, as my honor-
able friend and I do. He has his duties, occu-
pying his time constantly, and those duties are
not watching all the two thousand employes
who are attending to clerical duties or minor
duties in his Department. They are much
broader and more responsible. He is there-
fore obliged to depend upon some test other
than a personal one in order to make the
selections for promotion.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my honorable
friend allow me to call his attention to the
Treasury Department as illustrating his re-
marks? It is true that the Secretary of the
Treasury has not personal knowledge of every
clerk; but is it not also true that some one
head of a bureau or division or other sub-
division of that Department is personally ac-
quainted with all the clerks under him? Take,
for instance, the First Auditor. Does he not
know the capacity of the clerks under him?
So of the other heads of bureaus there. If a
man is to be promoted from one place to
another in the same bureau, or from one bureau
to another, is not the testimony of his chief,
who has had supervision over him and been
acquainted with his work for two, three, or
five years, far more satisfactory evidence of
his capacity than a competitive examination
■ of three men who never saw him, to be term-
inated in two or three hours ?
Mr. EDMONDS. That is also an illusory
proposition, I would say as my friend well
knows, if we were in a court of justice; but of
course he does not know it here, and I should
not dare to say so if he did. The allusion
about that is just this: if you could go back a
little further, make that head of a bureau abso-
lutely independent of my friend and me, and
enable him to say to us when we go to him
when there is a vacancy and tell him '• You must
promote that man from my State; the ques-
tion of your salary may come before the Sen-
ate to-morrow, and my judgment as to how
much your salary ought to be will depend a
great deal upon what I think of your capacity;
and your capacity depends upon the correct-
ness of your judgment about the promotion of
ihis clerk; if the man from my State goes
higher, I shall be satisfied that you are a very
capable and faithful auditor, and I shall vote
to increase your salary; but if you do not
know enough to know that my man is the man
to promote, then I shall be obliged in defend-
ing the money of my people to vote against
increasing your salary"-—-
Mr. CARPENTER. Allow me to interrupt
my friend once more.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Of course.
Mr. CARPENTER. I want to know if
my friend means to say to this country, speak-
ing either for himself or for other Senators
in this body, that that is the course of pro-
cedure on the part of Senators toward the
Executive Departments of this Government?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir, I mean to say
exactly that thing.
Mr. CARPENTER. I want to put in my
protest, as far as I am concerned, in that
connection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not object to pro-
tests ; this whole opposition to this experi-
ment is a protest. I have only drawn a picture
which may be highly colored, but which is
nevertheless a picture that is ingrained in
human nature. I feel it myself. If I go to
the Secretary of the Treasury, as I have done,
for I have no concealments about this busi-
ness, and ask him, as I did three months ago,
to appoint in his office a young worthy lady
from my State, and he kindly says " I will
make a place for her," I cannot help feel-
ing a sort of friendship and tenderness towards
that Secretary who among thousands of appli-
cants has preferred one upon my recommenda-
tion. When he sends in a recommendation to
me to do something, or when I go into his
office and he tells me "Here is something
that I greatly dote upon, that I think ought
to be done," I cannot help looking with a
tender feeling; and it is an honor to human
nature, I admit, in the generous, and not in
the money and business sense ; I cannot help
feeling a greater tenderness for his opinion
than I should if we stood upon altogether
independent grounds.
What would be thought of a judge or a
lawyer, where justice is administered, if the
selections of jurors or the appointments of
clerks or any affairs of that kind to and fro
were passing between the bench and the bar?
It would be a reproach to jurisprudence as it
was in old times in Great Britain, when the
judges received presents from the members of
the bar and itwas tolerated by public opinion.
All the judges less than one hundred years
ago when they went on circuit received valu-
able presents from the members of the bar;
but it turned out at last, in spite of the purity
of the English bench, that the body of intelli-
gent public opinion in Great Britain came to
see that the men who were enabled to make the
best presents generally in the long run won
the largest number of cases. It may have
been only a coincidence. We cannot carry
on Government and society in that way.
Therefore, Mr. President, the objection that
my friend makes is not well founded when we
come down to bureaus. If the bureau officer
were absolutely independent of the influence
of persons in whose power in a greater or less
degree he is, then there would be some force
in saying, not that we should not have a civil
service board, but that the board of examin-
ation should be constituted by making it the
head of the Department. These very regula-
tions and the regulations of the Departments
under the act of 1853, as carried out, have pro-
vided that one of the examining board should
be the head of the very branch or bureau where
the person asking a promotion or appointment
was to be promoted or appointed. So that you
get the benefit under the system as it now
exists of the knowledge and experience and
observation of the head of that bureau where
the candidate is already placed and is to be
promoted, or where he seeks to get; only you
qualify and restrain and rectify that by having
the impartial judgment of the heads of other
bureaus or other persons associated with him.
There is the fact about it.
Now, if Senators say that there is no evil in
the present system of administration of civil
service, and that it is conducive to the public
interests that the Departments of the Govern-
ment in its executive branch are to be on the
relations that they have been with the depart-
ment of the Government in its legislative
branch, and that the patronage of the Govern-
ment is really and practically to be confided
to Senators and Representatives, who always
have their way, provided it turns out that they
shall go for whatever measures the^e bureaus
and heads of Departments want, because you
will have observed—Senators here know it
perfectly well—that if a Senator and a head
of Department are in a state of hostility and
disagreement the recommendations of that
Senator are not attended to as vigorously and
as faithfully and in as friendly a way as they
are if they are in perfect accord ; and that is
human nature; there is no help for it. Where
ever there is hostility there will be opposition ;
wherever there is friendship there will be, no
doubt, favoritism and support; and until the
millennium comesit cannot be otherwise. The
point, therefore, is, if possible, to put the ser-
vice on a ground where you will escape from
these inseparable evils from the present con-
dition of things.
Mr. CARPENTER. I should like to ask
my friend what provision is made for sepa-
rating this examining board from the ordinary
weaknesses of human nature; whether a Sen-
ator, by exceeding blandishment, might not
soften really the rigor of an examination;
whether if he was to see in advance the three
men who were to examine his friend and tell
them that he had a special desire that that
friend should pass, those three men could not
so shape the examination as to pass him?
And, if you can corrupt the Secretary of the
Treasury by making a request, where is the
guarantee that your commission will be above
the same infirmity?
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no guarantee;
you can have no guarantee for anything in this
world. You can have no guarantee for the
purity of the administration of justice. We
know that in some of the States (and it will
always be so) judges are guilty of favoritism,
and that they yield to the blandishments, be-
hind the bar and outside of the court-house,
of counsel and other people.
But, Mr. President, if a board is exposed
as judges are to the blandishments of Sen-
ators, as they may be, there is not the same
temptation, there is not the same relation be-
tween Senators and members and a board of
that kind as there is between Senators and
members and the Executive Departments of
the Government. This board has no appro-
priation to ask of you. This board ha3 no
favorite policy about the administration of
this Department or that Department to carry
out. It has only one single and independent
duty. It is not to come to you, if it be the
State Department, to go for a particular treaty
or against a particular convention, or to do
anything which that particular Secretary may
have at heart about foreign affairs. If it be
in the Treasury, this board is not to come to
you to favor a loan or a particular method of
funding the public debt. And there is the
difference between the case that my honorable
friend suggests and the case of the heads of
these Departments. The structure of the
Government is such that it is impossible to
separate a constant communication between
the legislative and Executive Departments of
the Government; but you ought not to in-
crease the difficulty of that communion by
making either dependent upon favors or upon
influences on the other.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to ask a ques-
tion of the honorable Senator from Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask whether he will give
way to a motion to adjourn? [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. By no means.
Mr. CARPENTER. I want to ask a ques-
tion if the Senator will permit me.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. It seems to me that
