1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4195
cerned I know no man in the discharge of my
duiy here, and especially in the passage of
claims.
This claim and the claim of Albert Grant,
which has been reported here this evening by
the committee, involve the Same question and
the same principle, and therefore the two cases
may be considered somewhat together. I will
state very briefly, for I have no purpose to
taku up much time, my understanding of this
case.
Mr. Adams entered into a contract with the
military department at St. Louis for the build-
ing of certain tug-boats and mortar-boats.
He claimed for his work under that contract
several bundled thousand dollars. A com-
mission was appointed, as is known to the
Senate, at the head of which wa« Judge Davis,
now of the Supreme Court of the United
States. Upon tne same commission were
Judge Holt, and also Mr. Campbell, of tit.
Louis. They visited St. Louis for the purpose
ot examining the several claims against the
Government tor work in that department, and
they proceeded to examine those claims, and
among others was this claim of Adams. The
first point that is made is that Adams never
presented his claim to tli.it commission I
insist that as a matter of law he did submit
his claim to that commission and that com-
mission decided upon his claim. While that
commission was in session, 011 the 13th Jan-
uary, 1802. Mr. Adams addiessed to the com-
mission this letter; I shall not read all of it,
but only apart of it:
St. Louis, January 13,1862.
Sir: I desire to submit this following facts in rela-.
tiini to the construction of the Government mortar-
boats at this phice.
In June last I observed the following advertise-
ment of General Meigs.
He then proceeds to set forth the advertise-
ment and that he made the bids lor the work
that was there invited. He says that he imme-
diately came 011 and called on General Fre-
mont, found that these boats were wanted, and
entered into a contract, and then says :
No one is directly or indirectly interested in this
contract, or any other that I have, but myself. When
this contract was made, I supposed X would have to
pny much higher for materials and labor than 1
have, and therelore the job has been more profitable
in figures than I expected. To do this work I had
to contract debts to woikmen, and all classes who
have furnished uic materials; and claim, 1 have
in no respect been remiss on my part, the Govern-
ment should deal promptly and liberally with me.
Respectlully, your obedient servant,
THEODORE ADAMS.
Hon. David Davis. Ghairnuin of the Commissioners,
St. Louis, Missouri.
That commission proceeded to examine his
claim, and they allowed him some ninety
thousand dollars; the exact amouut is not
material, but they allowed him some ninety
thousand dollars. The Congressof the United
Sta es passed an act after this time providing
for the payment of all sums that had been
allowed by the commission, and they put in
the act this provision:
" That all sums allowed to be due from the United
States to individuals, companies, or corporations,
by the com mission heretofore appointed by the Sec-
retary of War, (for the investigation of military
claims against the department of tho West,) com-
posed of David Davis, Joseph Holt, andHugh Camp-
bell, now sitting at St. Louis, Missouri, shall be
deemed to be due and payable, ami shall be paid by
the disbursing officer, either at St. Louis or Wash-
ington, in each case upon the presentation of the
voucher, with the commissioners' certificates there-
on, m any iorm plainly indicating the allowance of
the claim, and to what amouut. This resolution
shall apply only to claims and contracts for seivice,
labor, or materials, and for subsistence, clothing,
transportation, arms, supplies, and the purchase,
hire, and construction ol vessels."
I say that here was an appropriation of
money for the payment of these claims. Here
was an allowance of the claim of the present
claimant after he had presented his claim to
the commissioners in contemplation ot' law.
After this allowance had been made he ap-
peared before the accounting officer and re-
ceived the money that had been allowed, and
in rscsiving it he gave to the disbursing officer
a receipts Will the Senator from Pennsylvania
turn me to that receipt in the report?
Mr. SCOTT. X do not think the Senator
will find the receipt in the report. It is m the
primed copy of the proceedings of the Court
of Claims which is returned to the Clerk's
desk with the report. I have it not now
before me.
Air. WRIGHT. At.all events, without re-
ferring to the language, I can state it. He
gave a receipt to the disbursing officer in full
of his claim, aud the law required that the
receipt should be in full.
It is true that at the time he gave that receipt
he protested against receiving the money in
full of his claim, entered his protest and
received the money under protest; but that,
as I submit, makes no difference in the world.
After he bad thus given his receipt he brought
his ac'ion in the Court of Claims fur what he
claimed was a balance due him under his con
tract. The Court of Claims examined the
entire case and allowed him $112,000. The
Government appealed to (lie Supreme Court
of the United States. The Supreme Court of
the United Sia'es, after examining the whole
case, decided in the first instance that inas-
much as he had submitted his claim to these
commissioners, and had received the money
that was allowed him there, he was concluded
and was not entitled to another dollar, and
ibeieupon reversed the action of the Court of
Claims and remanded the ease for judgment
in accordance with ihe decision of the Supreme
Court. Afterward Mr. Adams made an appli-
cation for a review of the case, asked f.ir a
rehearing. The Supreme Court of the United
States held that there was perhaps an error in
concluding that he bad in fact submitted his
case to the commissioners, and that in so far
as their judgment was based upon his submis-
sion to the commissioners it was perhaps erro-
neous, erroneous as being founded upon amis-
take of fact, but they nevertheless held upon
this application for a rehearing as follows:
" There is another view also, arising out of the facts
upon which this motion is founded, which should be
stated. Although it is true that the appellee did
not present his claims betore the board, as stated
in tho finding, in the record of appeal, it cannot, in
view of the facts which appear in the original
record of the evidence befoiethe Court of Claims,
well be denied but that ho made himself a party to
the proceeding, and took the benefit of the adjust-
ment ot his accounts by them, which brings the case
within the case decided in 7th Wallace."
And that case I have here, the case of the
United States vs. Adams, whereiu they con-
sidered that question at length, and held that
inasmuch as he made himself a party to that
proceeding, and received the fruits of that
order, he is concluded now from going into
the court and abking anything more.
If this case was between individuals there
is not a Senator on this floor who would stand
one moment in determining the question as to
whether this claimant should have another dol-
lar. When the Government has afforded a
tribunal where it can be sued, the Court of
Claims, and parties elect to go to that tribunal
and have their ease there heard, and when the
case goes to the highest judicial tribunal iu the
land and is decided there 011 the record, the
entire case examined, and the claimant is de-
cided against, I submit that, in the absence
of iraud, accident, or mistake, the Senate has
no right—it has the power, we have the power
to allow any claim, I suppose, but I submit
we have no right—to go behind such a judg
ment and allow a claim. There is no pre-
tense in this case that there was any fraud,
accident, or mistake. He submitted his claim
and was heard, and upon that hearing the tri-
bunal decided against him.
Now. I want to say another thing: that if
this claimant is entitled to anything at all he
is entitled to $112,000, lor unless the action
ot the commissioners at St. Louis concluded
him, then he is entitled to recover his contract
price, which would give him $112,000, and the
Government has no right to ask that he shall
account upon the quantum, meruit alone. The
Committee 011 Claims have allowed him $30,-
000, upon the ground that there was 110 con-
tract which bound the Government, aud that
he is only entitled to recover what his services
were worth. I say if he is entitled to recover
anything, he is entitled to recover upon his
contract, and there is no warrant in this record
for reducing the claim to $39,000; but I sub-
mit that upon the facts of tne ease this Senaie
has 110 right to say that this man shall have
another dollar. I say that if we determine in
this case, in the absence of fraud, accident, or
mistake, that every claim that shall be heard
in the Court of Claims, or betore a tribunal that
is organized bythe Government to hear claims,
can come in here and again be heard, and we
can go behind such judgments, then you had
better abolish the tribunal that allows iheparty
to come before it and sue the Government.
There is no safety to the Treasury; but any
and all these claims will come before Congress
as ofien as a party shall be unsuccessful before
the tribunal.
Understand me, Mr. President, I do not
claim that if there was any accident, if there
wris any fraud, if ttiere was any mistake there,
the party should be concluded; but 1 do say
that where there is the ab.-ence of all these
things, and he has had a fair hearing beiore the
tribunal, it is not iu accordance with prece-
dent, and it is not safe or right that parties
shall come bel'oie us and be permitted to again
have their claims investigated and allowed.
We have enough to do, in all conscience, to
examine those claims that have not been
before such tribunals.
This is all I have to say. I only submit, this
question because I think it important in prin-
ciple. I will.say, however, befote 1 take my
seat, for the purpose of showing the nature of
this claim, the justice or injustice of it, that
I desire to refer to the report of the committee
in the case of Albert Grant, and I commend
what is there said, after their patient and faith-
ful consideration, to every member of the Sen-
ate now before me. The claim of Albert Grant
was also before the Court of Claims, and they
decided against him. Notwithstanding their
decision was against him, he came before the
Committee on Claims and presented his case.
The committee reporting on that claim before
the House bill was here, made the report
which 1 hold in my hand. The House having
passed that bill, to-night the House bill has
been repoited back. Now, I desire to refer to
what has been said in connection with that
claim for the purpose of showing what little
foundation there is for the claim now before
the Senate. It is said:
"From this judgment no appeal was taken, and
Albert Grant, ooe of the partners, without produ-
cing any assignment of the interest of his copartner,
now presents his memorial praying Congress to pay
him that part of tho claim for extra work whioh was
rejected by the Court of Claims, and also the whole
amount of damages for which the court decided the
Government could not be held liable.
"To allow the claim for exfra work would be to
reverse the finding of the court, froin which peti-
tioner did not appeal, aud this we think we ought
not to do."
Now, I ask in all conscienoe if we ought not
to reverse the finding of the Court of Claims,
ought we to reverse the finding of the Supreme
Court of the United States, as is asked in the
case before us? It is nothing more and noth-
ing less.
" To allow the claim for damages, we must not
only reverse the finding of the court as to the lia-
bility of the Government for the unauthorized or
wrongful acts of its agents, but we mustfirstfind the
officers, Craig and Crogman, guilty of misconduct,
and then assess the damages resulting from that mis-
conduct, after an examination of the voluminous
testimony in this case."
And so in this instance we must reverse the
finding of the commission in session at St.
Louis that passed upon this claim, and every
dollar of their allowance was received by the
claimant in this instance.
" The latter work is one for which the Committee
on Claims oannot find the neoessary time to discharge
