1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
559
42d Cons....2d Sess.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Carpenter.
Senate.
lenge any man, any friend of Ha, to go to the
Library and bring at random any volume of
the Congressional Globe since he took his
seat us a Senator, and show me five inches of
a speech of that Senator that does not praise
himself. Why, sir, in this very speechin which
he arraigns General Grant for egotism, lie
commences by glorifying himself. He estab-
lished this Republican party; he was the ear-
liest and the most anxious, and he the most
effective of those men who brought it into
being ; and he prays for its life less for its own
sake than that he may be spared the sorrow
of following its hearse. Sir, the absurdity of
this charge, when you consider the two men
as we know them, both the accuser and the
accused, passes all human understanding,
comprehension, or belief.
I have heard it said (and I am sorry that
the Senator is not here to correct me if it is
not true) that a very estimable lady once wrote
to the Senator from Massachusetts invoking his
aid tor some individual who had a case or a
claim before Congress. The Senator replied
that he was so absorbed in the contemplation of
general piinciples, and so arduously laboring
for the welfare of man in general, that he had
no time to devote to the wants of individuals.
The lady responded, thanking him for the
civility of his reply, and reminding him that so
far as she was informed he had taken a some-
what loftier attitude than was occupied by the
Almighty, [laughter;] that while He governed
the universe, while He ruled the orbs in their
spheres, He also considered the wants of His
children, and that not even a sparrow could fall
without His knowledge.
But another great offense of the President
is that he is so quarrelsome; and here I will
ask the Secretary to read from the Senator's
speech the paragraph which I have marked.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
" Evidently our President has never read the
eleventh commandment: 'a President of the
United States shall never quarrel.' At least he
lives in. perpetual violation of it, listening to stories
from hoise-cais, gobbling the gossip of his military
ring, discoursing on imaginary griefs, and nursiDg
his unjust auger. The elect ot torty million people
has no right to quarrel with anybody. His position
is too exalted. He cannot do it without ofienae to
the requirements of patriotism, without a shock to
the decencies of life, without a jar to the harmony
ol' tile universe."
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, it is
one of the commonest, though by no means
the greatest, errors into which the Senator
from Massachusetts has fallen that he identi-
fies lnm&elf so completely with the universe
that he is not at nil certain whether he is part
of the universe, or the universe is part of him.
[Laughter.] He asserts here that wheii the
Piesident quarrels with him—of course that
is what he means ; he did not mention him-
self, but he never considered anybody but
himself; and when he was speaking of the Pres-
ident quarreling lie meant that great quarrel
of wli.ch the President has been made the vic-
tim, and to which he has quietly and silently
submitted, a quarrel forced upon him_ by the
Senator—he says that such a quarrel jars the
harmony of the universe! Well, well!_ The
Senator from Massachusetts might be jarred
a great deal more than he has been, and the
universe would not take the slightest notice
of it. [Laughter.] The universe would not
tremble if he were hit far more severely than
he ever has been. This is one of those stu-
pendous, inconceivable evidences of the humil-
ity of the Senator from Massachusetts which
1 wish I could read m the hearing of every
man in this land.
But, Mr. President, this is not the highest
point of arrogance and assumption to which
the Senator rises in this paragraph. It is not
that he has mistaken himself for the universe
that &n\ b'xiy will seriously complain. Ele has
risen in this paragraph above the universe;
he has seated 'himself by the side of the
Almighty, and undertaken a revision, correc-
tion, and enlargement of His works:
"Evidently oar President has never read the
eleventh commandment."
Now, then, comes the quotation. From
whom?
"A President of the United States shall never
quarrel.''
This is the addition which the Senator from
Massachusetts engrafts upon the decalogue,
that body of laws given by God to man amid
the thunders of Sinai. I hold in my hand the
sacred volume which contains the revelations
of man's latest existence on earth, and pene-
trates the vail and discloses the mysteries
beyond. John, on the island of Patmos,
being " in the spirit on the Lord's day," saw
many things, clean and unclean ; he saw the
great red dragon with seven heads and ten
horns ; he saw the whore of Babylon in scarlet
attire; and lie saw the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. [Laughter and applause in the gal-
16The''PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) Order must be pre-
served, or the galleries will be cleared.
Mr. CARPENTER. And apparently with
a view to prevent the blasphemy which we
have witnessed in this Chamber there are
written at the conclusion of this ^acred vol-
ume which contains the light of our life in
this life and our guide to a better abode above
words of awful admonition which I commend
to the careful study of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts :
" For I testify unto every man that heareth the
words of .fhe prophecy of this book, if any man
shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him
the plagues that are written in thin book."
"And if any man shall take away from the words
of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away
his part out of tho book of life, and out of the holy
city, and from the things which are written in this
book."
Oh, Senator from Massachusetts, reviser
and corrector of the decalogue, how I regret
your absence so that you cannot hear these
passages of Scripture! [Laughter.] Why,
sir, if the presumption of the Senator from
Massachusetts should only reach a little higher,
you might find in the book-stalls of this city
within a year a volume entitled ''The Sermon
on the Mount, revised, corrected, and greatly
enlarged and improved by Charles Sumner."
[Laughter.] I submit such a production would
be in perfect keeping with his supplement to
the decalogue.
But, Mr. President, suppose that ou a care-
ful and impartial investigation of facts it
should turn out that all the quarrel that exists
between the Senator from Massachusetts and
the President of the United States is a quarrel
entirely on the part of the Senator, and that,
it is based upon motives utterly unworthy of
a Senator, what would be thought of it then?
I am sorry he is not here to correct me if I
am misinformed, but, 1 am told by those who
ought to know that the first trouble that oc-
curred between the Senator from Massachusetts
and the Administration was in regard to the
Greek mission. It was held by Mr. Tucker-
man, who had always performed his duty to
the satisfaction of the Government, and on
the accession of this Administration the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, as chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, demanded
that place, and demanded it for a friend of his
in Boston, upon the ground that his friend
had, as he said, been "a life-long friend." It
so happened that the Administration could
not consistently and properly gratify the Sen-
ator in this matter. The demand, as i under-
stand it, was made on mere personal grounds.
The Senator from Massachusetts demanded
the appointment, not because Mr. Tuckermun
was not a worthy representative, but because
the Senator desired to gratify a " life-long
friend." If this was not "nepotism " on the
part of the Senator, what was it?
Then came the removal of Mr. Motley, min-
ister to England, for reasons satisfactory to
the Senate. That matter was considered in
secret session, and I cannot refer to anything
that took place. I cannot say whether or not
in that debate the Senator from Massachusetts
declared that Mr. Motley's appointment had
been conceded to him as chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. I cannot say
whether or not Mr. Sumner declared that Mr.
Motley was his personal friend. I cannot say
whether or not Mr. Somnkr. said that if Mr.
Motley should be removed it would be the end
of all amicable relations between him and this
Administration, or words to that effect. I can-
not say anything about it, and I do not intend
to do so. [Laughter.] But, I say, suppose
such were the facts, what would the people of
this country think of the Senator who now
comes here and arraigns the President as a
quarreler, and announces himself as the cham-
pion of civil service reform, and opposed to
entertaining personal considerations in the
administration of public affairs?
There are so many remarkable things in the
Senator's speech that it is impossible to
dwell longer on any one point, and my strength
is so far exhausted that I shall be compelled
to leave many of these sweets for further con-
sideration by other Senators. There is one
thing, however, which for its enormity deserves
special attention, and if I thought it would
take the last breath of life I have to spend on
anything, I would spend it on this. I ask the
Secretary to read the extract in relation to
Mr. Stanton.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
" the testimony of hon. e. m. stanton.
" Something also must be attributed to individual
character; and here X express no opinion of my
own; I shall allow another to speak in solemn words
echoed from the tomb.
" On reaching Washington at the opening of Con-
gress in December, 18ti9,1 was pained to hear that
Mr. Stanton, lately Secretary of War, was in fail-
ing health. Full of gratitude for his unsurpassed
services, and with a sentiment of friendship quick-
ened by common political sympathies, I lust no
time in seeing him, and repeated my visits until his
death, toward the close of the same month. My
last visit was marked by a communication nevor to
be forgotten. As I entered his bedroom, where 1
found him reclining on a sofa, propped by pillows,
he reached out his hand, already clammy cold, and
in reply to my inquiry, 'How are you?' answered,
'Waiting for my furlough.' Then at once with
singular solemnity be said, 'I have something to
say to you.' When I was seated he proceeded
without one word of introduction: 'I know Gen-
eral Grant better than any other person m the
country can know him. It was my duty to study
him, and I did so, night and day, when 1 saw
Inm and whon I did not see him, and now I
tell you what I know, he cannot govern this coun-
try.' The intensity of his manner and the posi-
tiveness of his judgment surprised me, for though
I was aware that the late Secretary of War did not
place the President very high in general capacity, 1
was not prepared for a judgment so strougly couched.
At last, after some delay, occupied in medicating his
remarkable words, I observed^ 'What you say is
very broad.' ' It is as true as it is broad,' ho re-
plied promptly. I added, 'You aie tardy; you tell
this late: why did you nut say it before his nomina-
tion?' He answered that he was not consulted
about the nomination, and had no opportunity ot
expressing his opinion upon it, besides being much
occupied at the time by his duties as Secretary ot
War and his contest with tho President. I followed
by saying, 'But you took part in the presidential
election, and made a succession of speeches lor him
in Ohio and Pennsylvania.' 'I spoke, said he,
' but 1 never introduced the name of General Grant.
I spoke for the RepubUoan party and the Kepub-
lii^in cause.' Tbis was the last tune 1 saw Mr. tetan-
ton. A few days later I followed him to the grave
where he now rests."
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, let us
examine this remarkable statemeut a little in
detail. The Senator asserts that this interview
occurred a few days before Mr. Stanton's
death ; and that Mr. Stanton was expressing
not a sudden conclusion formed upon newly-
discovered testimony, but the result cf his
study of Grant's character for many years.
