1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1507
if this evil exists; if the head of the Treasury
Department and the head of the War Depart-
ment and the head of the Navy Department
and so on, if in other words twenty-five or
thirty of the most responsible officers of this
Government can be overcome either by the
entreaty or the influence of Congress, when
you come to take it away from the thirty and
concentrate the whole patronage of this Gov-
ernment in three hands, because it comes to
that, for when your three men may say who
shall be appointed they have got the patronage,
what then? You are just concentrating this
baleful influence upon three men which the
Senator says is too much for thirty.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There would be a little
force in that argument if the thirty stood in
the same relation to us that the three do.
Mr. CARPENTER. Do they not?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let me answer one ques-
tion before you ask another. There would
be force in the suggestion if the thirty acted
together as the three do; but the honorable
Senator is perfectly aware that all these De-
partments and the bureaus in them are the
subjects of separate influence. I agree, if you
had all appointments made now by a congress
of all the heads of the Departments and all the
heads of divisions in them, if they could have
time to take up and canvass each man, you
would make a great improvement upon the
public service; but the honorable Senator
knows perfectly well that this is impracticable,
that the business of the Government requires
them to do something else, and they do do
something else. Therefore the increase of the
number of these people to thirty, if it be that,
does not add to the Senator's argument at all,
because each one acts independently and sep-
arately of the others, and they exercise no
restraining or controlling influence over him
at all.
As I was stating, if you create a separate
and independent tribunal whose business it is,
under rules which are not capricious, but which
are binding and absolute, to test the capacity
of certain people in respect to their ability to
administer public affairs, then I submit to my
honorable friend from Wisconsin that out of
one hundred men who should thus be sub-
jected to the test, and one hundred who should
be subjected to his whim or mine or that of
all the Senators here acting separately and
from the various States, the one hundred thus
selected would be much the best.
A good deal has been said about the futility
of these examinations. The honorable Sena-
tor from Illinois [Mr. Logan] has stated some
of them that he has found, where after an
examination improperreports have been made.
Suppose it were true; suppose you can find
an instance, as I dare say you could if these
regulations were to go into force, out of a
thousand you might find a hundred possibly,
it may be" fifty, certainly ten, as human nature
is, where there had been mistakes, where there
had been gross error or corruption; what does
that prove ? It proves, according to the Sen-
ator, that you must abolish the whole thing.
Go into the State of Wisconsin or Vermont,
two States where I believe the administration
of justice is as pure as anywhere, and look at
one hundred verdicts of juries in any county
in those States, and you will find ten of them
which he and I on examining the testimony
would say were either corrupt or erroneous ;
sometimes both; what then? That we must
abolish jury trial? Or must we break down
the courts because it happens that courts being
fallible and human sometimes err or are some-
times corrupt? I do not believe that you are
to obtain a perfect service; you can never
obtain a perfect service any more than any-
thing else perfect in tbis world, and particu-
larly you cannot obtain it the very moment
you step on its threshold and begin to try the
experiment.
My honorable friend from Wisconsin, with
all his law-learning, is not ignorant of that
splendid maxim of philosophy which precedes
the reports of East, nihil simid est inventum
et perfectum; nothing is begun that is perfect
at the same time save those magnificent crea-
tions of the Father of us all. Nothing that
human beings undertake to invent and set on
foot will be perfect in the first place. Why,
Mr. President, you might as well abolish all
steam-engines on the ground that the first faint
attempt of Watts, or of Stephenson, or who-
ever it might be, were not altogether adequate
to the occasion; they would be rejected now
as utter fooleries ; and yet here we are to reject
an experiment in the way of civil service re-
form and improvement merely because it is
found that as an experiment and before it is
really on its feet to be started at all particular
criticisms can be made upon it.
Mr. President, I am sorry indeed that the
people of this country represented here are
unwilling to try to put appointments to public
office upon the same basis that Washington
and Adams and Jefferson and Madison put
them; and that a system which for forty
years, not administered by the same mechan-
ical methods, but whose ultimate purpose was
for forty years, and whose practical effect was
for forty years to select the best citizens capable
of performing publie duties without regard to
their religion or their political opinions, and
to employ them in the performance of those
duties so long as they did them well, should
now again be entirely abandoned the moment
we are to try it, upon the ground that the
machine when first started does not work
smoothly.
Mr. President, some reference has been
made to the Constitution about this business,
and it has been said that we are trenching on
constitutional power. I should be sorry to
occupy the time in demonstrating, as I think
I can, that that argument has no force. We
have for many years, in many ways, and we
have from the foundation of the Government,
regulated the exercise of executive power a3
well as of judicial power; and we have in the
one instance of the Army for many years reg-
ulated by law the methods of selection of offi-
cers, and regulated literally and absolutely by
law the methods of promotion in the Army.
The power of the President to appoint and
promote in the Army is derived from precisely
the same clause and precisely the same words
in the Constitution that the power to appoint
and promote in civil offices is. If, there-
fore, the law may regulate and compel him
to promote, if he promotes at all, a partic-
ular man in the Army, may not the law under
the same words in the Constitution regulate
and compel him in the administration of his
duty to promote a particular man in the
civil service, if he promotes at all? It is
impossible to distinguish. I have here a list
of more than twenty cases, and I can swell
it to fifty, from the foundation of the Gov-
ernment, where legislation has in all manner
of ways regulated and controlled the exer-
cise of the powers which the Constitution
reposed in the President; and it has rarely
been, almost never, until this question has
arisen, that that power of regulation by law
of the administration of executive functions
has been questioned.
But I do not in this side debate, so to speak,
desire to occupy the attention of the Senate
and increase their impatience at what I have
already said, by going into it. I only hope
now, without, enlarging on this topic, as I
might, without going into these regulations or
into the system that under them and before
them, under the act of 1858, has been adopted
in the Departments—I only hope that the Sen-
ate will be willing to go on with the confidence
which they expressed in the President a year
ago, and to enable him to try in some way, and
upon his own responsibility, the experiment
of making some improvement in the direction
I have named.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is obvious
that at this late period of the day the bill can-
not be concluded. I shall therefore, after ask-
ing the Senate to consent to act upon a single
measure which I shall have to ask unanimous
consent for, move an adjournment.
In the amendment proposed in relation to
the two squares which it is proposed to pur-
chase near the Capitol, the proviso which I
now offer was accidentally omitted. I ask,
therefore, unanimous consent that it be inserted
on the fourth page of the amendment. It is
merely to provide for the sale of the buildings
if they shall be condemned and come into the
possession of the Government.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thoxy in the chair.) The Senator from Ver-
mont asks unanimous consent that an amend-
ment, which will be read for information, be
added to the amendment heretofore made on
his motion.
The Secretary. On the fourth page of the
amendment agreed to in Committee of the
Whole, proposed by the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, it is proposed to add
the following:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Interior is
htfreby authorized to sell at public auction such
materials in the buildings in squares Nos. 687 and.
688 as are not necessary for the public works in this
District, and further, that the moneys realized fay
such sales shall he applied to the improvement and
extension of the Capitol grounds.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to receiving this proposition ? The
Chair hears none.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Now I move
that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at five
o'clock and fourteen minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 7, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. J. W. Chickering, D. D., of Boston,
Massachusetts.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
the japanese embassy.
Mr. BANKS. On behalf of the committee
appointed to make arrangements for the re-
ception of the embassy from the Government
of Japan, I beg to make a statement to the
House. The chief embassador, for himself
and his associates, has requested the commit-
tee to tender to the honorable Speaker and to
the House the thanks of the embassadors for
the honor conferred upon them, and especially
to make known in their behalf theirprofound
and grateful appreciation of the interesting
ceremonies and imposing spectacle that at-
tended their reception. I also ask that the
committee be discharged, and I send to the
Chair a resolution, to which I hope there will
be no objection, providing that the address of
the honorable Speaker, and the reply of the
chief e'mbassador, be entered on the Journal.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the address of the honorable
Speaker, upon the occasion of the reception of the
Japanese embassy, with the reply of the chief em-
bassador in English, be entered upon the Journal of
the House.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the order will be made and the committee
discharged. The Chair hears none.
convention with venezuela.
Mr. PACKARD, by unanimous consent,
reported from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, a bill (H. R. No. 1859) relative to the
convention with Venezuela; which was read
a first and second time, and, with the accom-
panying report, was ordered to be printed,
and recommitted to the same committee.
john dawson.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. I860) for the relief of
