1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3299
make any less appropriatiation which would
he of real benefit to the whole country. We
have taken pains to be informed in regard to
the particular merits of each work; and I
trust, therefore, there will be no contest over
the mere detail of the bill, but that the House
will be disposed to accept this as the best bill
which could be prepared under all the cir-
cumstances, it having received very consider-
able and very careful attention in the com-
mittee.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill for
amendment, and read the following:
For fort on the site of Port Tompkins, New York
harbor, Mew York, $32,000.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. I move
to amend by inserting after the words just read
the following:
For completing the earthwork of the el&cis and
slopes in and about Fort Tompkins, Mew York har-
bor, $51,000.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Chairman, at the time
we considered and reported this bill the com-
mittee supposed the work named in this amend-
ment to be one which might be postponed for
another year; but since the bill was reported
certain documents have been brought to our
attention, and we concur with the officers of
the War Department, as well as with the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Townsexii]
representing the district in which this work is
located, as to the propriety of this amendment.
I am instructed by the committee to say that
we think the amendment a proper one, and
one which ought to be adopted.
The amendment was adopted.
The Clerk read as follows:
For a new fort opposite Fort Delaware, Delaware
river, Delaware, $42,500.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is this a new work ?
Mr. NIBLACK. It is a work which has
been appropriated for before for several years.
This is a mere continuation of the work, and
it is strongly recommended, and is of those
works considered by the War Department as
first' class.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The word
"new" is used here to designate this par-
ticular work.
Mr. RANDALL. It is to distinguish this
from the old fort, which is near the same
place.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is not that
we are beginning a new work here, but we
are only continuing a work which ha3 been
in course of construction for some years, and
it is called ''new" here to distinguish it from
the other.
Mr, FARNSWORTH. I will move to strike
it out for the purpose of saying a few words
on this subject. Mr. Chairman, I hope no
new work of this kind will be commenced
unless there is the greatest necessity for it. I
verily believe that two thirds of the appropri-
ations of money for the repairs of these old
forts, for their extension and improvement^ as
well as for the erection of new works,_ is sim-
ply money thrown away, except that it gives
employment to men who otherwise would not
have anything to do. So far as any use to the
Government is concerned they are perfectly
worthless. I believe that is the opinion of
almost every one in and out of military lite
except those having charge of these works.
If we are ever attacked by a foreign foe we
will find what I say to be true, that, these forts
we have spent so much in erecting, ornament
ing, and beautifying, and making very pleas-
ant, easy piaces to send officers to—we will
find them, I say, to be perfectly useless. They
will not select those places to attack, and it
they do. your brick and your stone forts will
not be able to resist the armaments brought
against them, as has been shown in the recent
war. It was then shown these old forts were
Worthless. They could not at all withstand
the improved guns brought against them. A
little earth-work thrown up in the night by the
spades of the soldiers in many instances is
worth more than the fort which cost $1,000,000.
I now withdraw my amendment.
Mr. NIBLACK. I find I am mistaken in
what 1 have stated in reference to this work.
The one to which the gentleman from Illinois
refers is a new fort. We have not reported
any new forts except in cases strongly urged
on our attention by the War Department. We
are often placed in this position. During the last
two years, as gentlemen will recollect, there
were some unpleasant rumors in regard to our
foreign relations. We do not in the public
discussions wish to expose the weak points of
defense along our sea-coast, and there are
many communications in reference to exposed
points in our fortifications upon the sea-coast
we do not feel at liberty to have read. On
these appropriations we do not state all that is
said to us in the committee by the officers of
the engineer corps. I can assure the gentle-
man, however, as I have assured the House
heretofore, that in these recommendations we
have only made them upon what seems the
strongest necessities of the case.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Gentlemen of the
House very well know how these estimates
and recommendations are made. We go on
year after year making appropriations for re-
pairing old fortifications and commencing new
ones. I am glad to know but few new ones
are being begun. But we do go on year after
year making appropriations to repair some of
these old forts. The amount is usually from
fifty thousand to one hundred thousand dollars
annually on every one of these old forts. These
estimates' are made by some young officer. He
takes a pencil and paper and estimates it will
cost $20,000 to resod in a handsome manner
the parade ground. He then estimates it will
cost $20,000 to rewhitewash the walls. He
then makes up the sum total and sends his
estimate to the War Department. Of course
the chief of the engineer corps cannot spend
his time going upon the ground to verify all
of these estimates. He takes them up and
sends them to the Treasury Department. The
Treasury Department indorses them, and they
come to the Committee on Appropriations.
The Committee on Appropriations find when
these estimates go to them that the amount
generally ranges from one hundred thousand
to two hundred thousand dollars, and they
make a guess of what is necessary and scale
down the estimates about one half and report
in the bill which goes to us from fifty thousand
to one hundred thousand dollars in each case.
The appropriation is then made, anil the new
sods are laid and the new whitewashing done.
A little ornament takes place, and the money
is expended. As the gentleman said the other
day in reference to the tariff, when the appro-
priation is made everybody is prosperous and
happy.
Mr. NIBLACK. We do nottake, and have
not taken within the last few years when
appropriating for fortifications, the estimates
as a matter of course by any means. On the
contrary, we have not only summoned the
proper officer, but we have summoned each
year several of the officers of the Engineer
Bureau, which is especially charged with these
matters, and gone over every appropriation in
detail.
Mr. FAIINSWORTII. Has not the com-
mittee generally gone upon the principle of
cutting down the estimates a certain per-
centage?
Mr. NIBLACK. The committee have re-
quited of those officers the. reasons why they
recommended the appropriation for a particu-
lar woik rather th m for other works, and why
they wanted the particular amount of money
I'or which they estimated. We have nor re-
duced their estimates one hall, or one quarter,
or any other percentage in any ease. We
have been governed in each particular ease
simply by its necessities.
I know that an impression prevails, ana I
sympathize with it myself, that we do not
want any great standing army, or any very
greatly extended system of fortifications, and
especially of the expensive kind of fortifica-
tions, such as have been constructed in certain
places some years ago under the old system.
But I assure the gentleman from Illinois that
the policy of the Government, and I mean by
that the policy of that branch of the War
Department which has charge of this matter,
the Engineer Bureau, is to abandon the old
brick-works and stone-works for the purpose
of making our fortifications consist of a system
of earth-works, which they think of much
greater value to the country than the old sys-
tem of stone and brick works.
To illustrate how defenseless our condition
is ou some points of the Atlantic coast, I m^y
state that one month ago—and I desire to get
ihe attention of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Farnswobtii] to this statement—one
month ago a single armed vessel, an iron-clad,
could have come into the port of Charleston
and placed that whole city under tribute, levy-
ing upon it whatever they saw proper to de-
mand. I am glad to say that since attention
was called to it this condition of things, by tha
energy of the Department, and particularly of
the Engineer Bureau, has been changed, and
now no longer exists. But this state of things
does exist in regard to many other points of
very considerable importance on the sea-board;
and 1 say that that condition of things should
not be permuted even in a time of most pro-
found peace.
We have only in this bill recommended
appropriations which, under all the circum-
stances, seemed to the committee to be abso-
lutely demanded. We have gone upon no
mere arbitrary rule of appropriating a certain
per cent.; and we have not been contented
with taking the estimates merely, but we have
required the personal explanations ofthe gen-
tlemen in charge of these works in every sin-
gle ease which is included in this bill.
The Clerk read the following paragraph :
3?or contingencies of fortifioations, $250,000.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to make an in-
quiry in regard to this appropriation; §250,000
for contingencies of fortifications seems to me
to be a largo sum when considered in connec-
tion with the aggregate amount appropriated
in this bill.
Mr. NIBLACK. This is a matter that was
very carefully considered. We have appropri-
ated a similar amount, I think, for the past
two years. There are a great many small
repairs, which are required from time to time,
which cannot well be foreseen. Sometimes a
little explosion will occur, sometimes a fire will
occur, and something be burned up. There is
continually happening some contingency or
other which makes a small expenditure of
money necessary. It is impossible to estimate
for these in advance; and we have agreed upon
this as being what we considered a fair amount
to meet these contingencies; and we agreed
upon it, I will assure the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, after considering the subject
very carefully.
Mr. RANDALL. I must confess that 1 have
very much confidence in this buieau unuer
the management, of General Humphreys with
regard to the disbursing "of this money. But
at the same time 1 think Congress should not
make Mich large appropriations without, details
being given.
.No iuriher amendment was offered to the
bill.
Mr. NIBLACK. 1 move that the bill be laid
aside, to be reported to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
TAilltT AND TAX BIM,.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of the
Whole will now resume the consideration ot
lloit-e b'li No. 2322, to reduce duties on im-
p>t-i-. ami io reduce internal taxes, and tor
OtiXT ]ilUjyUiSto.
