urn
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 3,
the duty properly, even if it were adapted to that
duty, as it is not." ,
I should like to know, if we cannot find the
time to pass upon a-claim so small as that of
Albert Grant, how we can find time to pasB
upon a claim five or ten times larger in the
ease of Theodore Adams,
"Justice and fair dealing may require that if the
contractors realty suffered inj ury by the arbitrary
or oppressive conduct, of.the Government officers,
they should bo equally compensated, for to turn
them over to If/ remedy igainst the officers would
bet'r.uitless. ,
"But whether there W43 such arbitrary and op-
pressive conduct, and if so, what injury resulted to
the contractors; are-woth questions of-fact which
should be ascertained by inquiry under, direction
of. iho War .Department, for whom this work was
dort'e, and v.'ith notico'to the officers whose conduct
is called 111 question."
' A question precisely similar to this was pre-
sented to the commission at St. Louis 111 the
Adams ease, and to the Court of Claims, and
by both tribunals decided against him, at least
by the commission to a certain extent, and he
received the money allowed. ' Now I will state
the conclusion
"Thcinnjority of the committee., however, are of
the opinion that after hearing in the Court 'of
Claims, decision against.the claimants, and 110 ap-
peal taken, tho Legislature ought pot to reopen and
hear the case; and 111 obcdieuco to tho instructions
of tho majority this' adverse report is made, and the
committor asks to bo diaohiwgod from further con-
sideration of the i cport."
That is precisely what I insist upon in this
ease. After decision against the' claimant in
the Court of Claims and no appeal taken, the
Legislature ought not to reopen and hear the
ease. Now 1 ask in all conscience, alter a de-
cision in (lie Court of Claims and an appeal to
the Supreme Court of tho United States and a
decision there against Adams, ought the Legis-
lature to reopen and hear tile case? llow
these two reports can stand together, Heave
those who defend this claim to explain.
Mr. SCO T P. Mr. President, before enter-
ing upon a history of tho ease immediately
before us, 1 wish to say, in answer to the last
remark of tho Senator from Iowa, that the two
reports do not stand together. 1 made the
report, in the ottse of Albert Grant by-direction
of the majority of tho committee, slating at the
time that 1 dissented from it. And since that
time 1 have been diieeted by a majority of the
commit tee to report in lavor of the bill, so lhal
the two reports as at lirsfc made do not stand, as
tho Senator from Iowa supposes they do, in
opposition to each other, but in harmony with
each other.
Mr. WU1UHT. Will the Senator from
Pennsylvania allow mo to correct him? I
stated that the House bill for the relief of
Albert (irant, had been reported back to-night
favorably, and that therefore the report which
had before been made 011 the Somite bill was
110 longer the report before the Senate. But
1 say that the committee having reached the
conclusion in the Albert Grant case at one time
that the majority did, I do not see how that can
stand with the present report.
Mr, SCOTT. I now proeecd with a very
brief history of the Adams case, and 1 think
that, history will sattsly the Senate of the jus-
tice of his claim ; and the simple question that
will be presented will be whether the Senate
will exercise the power which the Senator
from Iowa admits it possesses to do that jus-
tice. It is entirely proper that we should pre-
sent the case for (he purpose of invoking prin-
ciple against the payment of this just claim if
we would be thereby establishing a practice
which would do injustice either to the Govern-
ment or to individuals. Bat it is because the
Government, is in a certain sense omnipotent
m regard to the payment of claims against
itsell, that claimants have to come to Congress
at all. it is true the Government has in cer-
tain specified cases dropped its prerogative and
authorized its citizens to go into the Court of
Claims and there present their claims ; but it
does not foilow that if a citizen who has gone
mto the Court oi'Claims has been turned away
from it, or after he has obtained a judgment
in it against the Government, that judgment
has been reversed upon a technical rule of
law in the Supreme Court, the Government
should in no case exercise its power to do
what is clearly right even if that right is op-
posed by .a technical rule of law.
I agree with the Senator from Iowa in one
thing, and that is,.-that-instead of the Govern-
ment paying to Theodore Adams the $39,000
which the amendment of this bill directs to be
paid, it ought to pay him the contract price
of $112,000 ; but in that opinion I was over-
ruled by a majority of the committee. Novv,
what is the case ? The case is simply this: in
1861 the quartermaster's department adver-
tised for plans and proposals for building
mortar-boats and tug-boats to be used on the
Mississippi river. Mr. Adams submitted his
plans and proposals to the quartermaster's
department. 1'hey ■ were not immediately
acted upon there ; but after some time they
were referred to the War Department proper,
not simply to the quartermaster's department,
but to the office of the Secretary of War.
These plans and proposals weresent to Gen-
eral Fremont then in command at St. Louis,
and ho was given authority to make such con-
tracts as he deemed necessary to promote the
general good at tbat point. Mr. Adams made
a contract with General Fr6mont for building
thirty-eight mortar-boats and four tug-boats.
After that four additional tug-boats were con-
tracted for. He was put under a penalty of'
fifty dollars per day for every day beyond the
time fixed for the delivery of those boats that
they were not delivered, it being considered
highly important to the public interests that
these boats should be completed with as much
rapidity as possible, so that they might be sent
down the river and receive the armament which
was provided for them. He fulfilled his con-
tract. He fulfilled it within the time stipu-
lated. He fulfilled it in the manner which He
was bound to fulfill it, doing his work welly
and there is a letter among the papers submit-
ted, and I think it is printed in the report,-
from the acting quartermaster at St. Louis,
Robert Allen, 111 which it is stated that there
was nut the slightest shadow or taint of sus-
picion or fraud about Adams's contract or
the mode of its fulfillment. The boats weie
ordered to Cairo ; tliey were used by the Gov-
ernment; tho armament was put upon them,
and they did efficient service in the Mississippi
flotilla. After that an act of Congress was
passed which transferred them to tho Navy
Department; so that if there could be any
question raised as to the authority of General
Kr6mont to make the contract, as to the man-
ner in which it had been executed, and as to
the acceptance of the boats- by the Government,
every question of that kind-was settled by an
act of Congress which absolutely transferred
these boats to the Navy Department; but
there was no complaint either of want of good
faith in fulfilling the contract at the time stipu-
lated nor in the manner of its fulfillment; but
there were a great many contracts made by
General Fi6mont at St. Louis which excited
public notice, and in consequence of theclamor
raised with reference to some of the contracts
that were made there, a commission was
ordeied, not by authority of law; not by
authority of an act of Congress ; but the Sec-
retary of War appointed a commission consist-
ing of the three gentlemen named to go to St.
Louis and examine into the contracts that
were alleged there to have been improperly
made, and for which improper prices were
alleged to have been agreed to be paid. They
went there and they instituted this exam-
ination, which, as is agreed in the case in
the Supreme Court and in the Court of
Claims, and as is agreed everywhere where it
is examined, had no legal validity at all; they
did not bind anybody. Neither Mr. Adams
nor any other person whose claims were ex-
amined at that point, was bound to submit to
this as a judicial finding;, but they made their
report, and although many others did go before
the commission, submitting their claims and
offering evidence, Mr. Adams never did go
before them to submit his claim at all, but his
claim was examined before the commission by
virtue of this order, which I read from the
report:
- Quartermaster Gexeral's Office,
Washington City, December 3U, 1861.
Major: Referring to a letter addressed to you
to-day, for more full, information, I hand Mr.
Theodore Adams this note. The bills for the mortar-
boats and gun-boats built in St. Louis, not by con-
tract direct with this office, must be audited by the
commission on dobts of the western department be-
fore being paid. Full information as to all' sums
of money paid on account of these vessels should
be laid before the commission.
X am, respectfully, your obedient servant,
M. C. MEIGS,
Quartermaster General.
Major Allkn,
Chief Quartermaster, St. houis, Missouri.
January 4, 1862.
The accompanying: accounts are those to whiek
this refers, and are submitted respectfully to the
investigating commission.
ROBERT ALLEN,
Major and Quartermaster.
It will be noticed that the direction to sub-
mit the evidence there is to the quartermaster,
and it is the quartermasterwho did submit the
claim to that commission. Mr. Adams did not
appear before them at all. H-e examined no
witnesses; but the witnesses who were exam-
ined were only those who were sent before the
commission by the quartermaster.
The letter to which the Senator from Iowa
refers and a portion of which he has read was
written by Mr. Adams after the commission
had examined his claim, not during the time
it was being examined by them ; for if the
history of the case be examined into, it will
be found that their examination was to be con-
fined to cases originating before a certain date,
and Adams's case was really not one of thein,
was not embraced in those which were to be ex-
amined into by the commission; but at all events
what he said to the commission was said to
them after they had examined his case. He was
in this situation: he had executed his contract
faithfully ; he had incurred debts to those who
had supplied him with materials ; he had em-
ployed hands who worked upon these boats
day and night and Sun,days for the purpose of
completing his contract. He had incurred very
large additional expense beyond the amount
which would have been incurred had he been
building these boats under ordinary circum-
stances, but the testimony taken ex parte before
the commission applied, only to the expenses
which would have been incurred in building
the boats'under ordinary circumstances.
Under these circumstances they deducted a
large amount from what they considered tp be
the cost of the boats on the ex parte testimony
before them ; and Mr. Adams being in the
condition I have stated, with his creditors de-
manding their pay, was at the mercy of the
Government. There is no parallel between
his case and the case of individuals who are
dealing with each other where one is not
bouud to accept what the other proposes to
give, but being at the mercy ofthe Government
at that time and also submitting to the clamor
of his creditors, he accepted, under the act of
Congress which was afterward passed, the
amount which this commission found to be due
to him. But how did be accept it ? The sec-
retary of the commission says that when he
received the voucher he protested against it
and said then that he was submitting to a
necessity. The act which was passed has not
the provision in it, as I think the Senator from
Iowa mistakenly supposed it had, that it was
to be in full for the payment of these claims ;
but the intention of that act, as the Senator
will perhaps see upon looking at it, was,
instead of providing for the payment in full of
these claims, simply to authorize the payment
to be made at Washington, which under the
