24: <M
T E CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13 j
lion dollars have been appropriated since the
foundation of the Government for public
buildings in the northern States, while in
those called the southern States less than
eight and a quarter millions have been appro-
priated and expended. Appropriations for
the improvement of harbors and livers begun
in 1824, and since that time considerably up-
ward of thirty million dollars have been given
these works. The South had more sea-coast
than all other parts of the country before
our territory was enlarged by the acquisition
of our Pacific possessions, and doe3 even now
exceed in the number and magnitude of her
rivers those of all other sections. Yet from
the sums- appropriated on this score the
northern States have obtained over twenty-
seven million dollars, while the South have
had less than five millions. It is time that a
more just and equal division in such matters
was practiced toward the States of a section
now so sorely in need of all the assistance that
can be given by the General Government
since the blight and mildew of war have
wasted us: and at no point South could a
beginning he better made than in the capital
of Tennessee, the great middle ground of all
the States.
POPULATION, RAILROADS, BUSINESS, ETC.
Mr. Speaker, but three States out of the
eleven engaged in the rebellion have increased
more rapidly in population, on the census of
1800, than Tennessee. They are Florida,
Texas, and Georgia, the last having an in-
crease too small tor much consideration, her
increase being 13.0 per cent, against 18.4 per
cent, for Tennessee. We now have a popula-
tion of 1,257,983, as shown by the census of
1870 Our State is divided into three grand
divisions, the eastern, western, and middle.
Nashville, the capital, is in middle Tennessee,
and the value of all real estate in this division
of the State, as shown by the comptroller's
report made to the Legislature in October,
1871, is ^103,344,024, while in east Tennes-
see, of which Knoxville is the principal city,
it is $12,004,005, and in West Tennessee, of
which Memphis is the chief city, it is $59,-
348,148, thus showing the value of real prop-
erty in the middle division to be double that of
the other two divisions combined.
And lite same will he found true of other
kinds ot properly. Davidson county, in which
is the city of Nashville, is the richest in the
State by great odds, the census showing,
tor the county and city, $04,030,318, against
Shelby county and the city of Memphis, with
$47,412,873; while Knox county and the city
of Knoxville has $9,529,113. In point of
weaitb, the State of Tennessee is the fifteenth
of the thirty-eight now composing the Union ;
and yet, sir, in this giand old State we have
never had an appropriation made and ex-
pended for public buildings excopt a small
amount in the ci'y of Knoxville. And Nash-
ville and Memphis, the two great cities of the
State, in every sense commercial centers,
whose wants are of the most imperative char-
acter, have so far been neglected; but they
are now asking, and it is hoped will receive
during the present session all that a just and
generous Government should grant
Indeed, sir, when you shall have furnished
these two cities, as is now very properly being
done for Knoxville, the public buildings they
so much need, and which it is due the Govern-
ment and all concerned should be done
promptly, then justice in this regard will have
been done to Tennessee, and uot until then.
And when these three pivot points of the State
have been cared for, from all that can now be
seen or conjectured, the State v/ill be pro-
vided for suitably in this respect for all com-
ing time. And we shall move happily and
contentedly in the orbit assigned us in the
complex aud compound circles of this great
Union.
Mr. Speaker, the capital of a State is
always a focal center; and when to this great
fact can be added other points of merit, the
capital becomes the more attractive, and
awakens in the bosom of the people of a State
still larger and prouder sentiments. And this
leads me to speak a little more in detail of our
city.
OUR CAPITAL—NASHVILLE.
In it has been built one of the finest and
most costly capital edifices to be found in the
Union. Here assembles our General Assem-
bly. Here is held the leading term of our
supreme court. Here arc congregated all the
leading officers of the State. And here are
held all the leading conventions, political and
otherwise, having general significance. Edge-
field and the smaller incorporations adjoining
the corporate limits of Nashville give us a
population concentered at the capital of forty
thousand souls, which in point of fact are all
a part, of the city. The Union shows sixty-
seven cities, with populations exceeding twenty
thousand, and out of this number only about
thirty have in the last decade exceeded the
city of Nashville in the growth of population
and wealth, and but few would have exceeded
her had she not been called to witness the vast
country upon which she leaned foi-growth laid
waste by the consuming fires and destruction
of an unhappy civil war. It was under the
walls of this line capital the last grand battle
of the late war was fought on Tennessee soil,
which threw the Slate back permanently into
the arms of the Federal Union. Situated on
the banks of the Cumberland river, the con-
duit pipe through the Ohio into the Missis-
sippi river, which bears on its bosom the
mightiestinland coinmerceof the world, Nash
ville greets with her boats and water crafts
alike the great cities of St. Louis and New
Orleans, and pours out the wealth and produc-
tions of a wide and rich interior into the laps
of these great mart cities of the West and
South. Nor is this all. Her railroad connec-
tions demonstrate her enterpiise and local
advantage to be of the first order. Indeed we
feel that, nothing is hazarded in saying that
an examination of the map of Tennessee will
show that no city in the South possesses a finer
or more hopeful network of railway commun-
ication, one so admirably and advantageously
arranged, as does the city of Nashville. Lo-
cated as she is in a valley remarkably level and
healthy midway between the Allegbanies and
the Father of Waters, with iron arteries con-
verging and diverging in every direction, the
capital of Tennessee is in the grand national
highway from the north aud northeast to the
souih and southwest, and what is important,
on the direct route from the temperate shores
of the Atlantic to the temperate shores of the
Pacific, and in a happy latitude, where no
excessive beat languishes aud destroys enter-
prise, nor excessive cold congeals the springs
of life.
To employ in part the happy thoughts of
another, this central point, Nashville, extends
its arms to all points of the compass in happy
greeting; pushes them out toward either
ocean by her railways ; pierces the coal regions
in every direction, and demands their wealth
for manufacture by means of roads ; reaches
eastward to the great sea-ports on her lines of
travel into Norfolk ; drains the rich and fer-
tile agricultural counties of our own State by
weil constructed railways and toads; extends
westward toward the Rocky mountains and
the gold regions beyond in her projected enter-
prises and connection, and looking from the
slopes of the Pacific into the sea, invites the
immense empires ot Gbmaand Japan, in their
new-born zeal of commerce, to find a great
middle route across the continent through our
capital into the West, a route never para-
lyzed by heat nor hound with snow. Yes, Mr.
Speaker, we feel, whether it be in this or the
next generation, the fact is well pointed and
the conclusion foregone, that when the great
projected lines of the Southern Pacific are
completed, our capital will be on one of its
tracks, and a station of the first importance
as we go info the Bast, or, reversing, travel
toward the West.
Sir, we have already six leading lines of
railways concentering upon our capital. The
Louisville and Nashville railway is the dircct
route which couples us with the banks of the
Ohio, and over which the great western and
northern States pass in their journey to the
Gulf. It is, indeed, the only positive North
line from out our midst into the vast North-
west, aud one of the chief lines to the East.
We have the Nashville and Chattanooga rail-
way, which leads us by direct connections into
the Bast, the Atlantic shores, and which car-
ries us into the marble and coal-region- of our
own State, and sends us down into Georgia,
the empire State of the South, or moves us, by
easy connecting lines on to Memphis and the
Mississippi river. We have the Edgefield and
Kentucky line, which brings us into direct com-
munication with the finest coal-beds of Ken-
tucky, and concenters our interior eountry,
full of production and wealth. We have the
Nashville and Decatur line, which opens up
all the cotton-fields of Alabama and loads
upon our cars on the banks of the Tennessee,
at Decatur, Alabama, all the products of that
State intended for the West, the Btst, and
North. We have the Nashville and North-
western line, which iuteriorates our own State,
and delivers in our midst timbeis from forests
as yet almost unbroken, and coal whose inex-
haustible banks have not as yet been opened
and developed, and then moves away upon
connecting lines to Mobile and the Gulf.
And yet we have the Tennessee and Pacific,
now being built, which, traversing centrally
our State through Bast Tennessee from the
capital, offers an arm at Norfolk, and trusts
to become the central highway on which
the cars of the great Southern Pacific, when
loaded at San Francisco, shall glide into the
sea-ports of the Atlantic. Such is the line
nature points out, and on it science is now
pouring the light of discovery.
And I might, add, Mr. Speaker, in addition
to these lines, two others are in construction:
the one, almost direct, delivers us on the
piers of Cincinnati, as she seeks the South,
and the other on the banks of the Ohio, where
Missouri, with her accumulated commerce
of other States could desire 1 runsfer for the
South and Atlantic ports. Thus central, thus
in the very center of North and South lines,
in the center of lines from the outer edges of
the great circle bounding all, we hope to rear
a still greater and more prosperous city, a
favoiite capital with all the States.
Mr. Speaker, shall I show the wholesale
business of our capital? Shall I tell of dry
goods, groceries, shipments of produce, cat-
tle, manufactures? Shall I tell of twenty-five
regular steamboats, registered and plying in
our port, increasing every year, and destined
to become more important, when the appro-
priation needed shall be made for the clearing
of our river, a survey of which, under the di-
rect ion of the Government, has just been made ?
Shall I tell of near a half million dollars in
postal money-orders every year at this point?
Shall I tell of near three hundred aud fifty
thousand dollars paid annually at this point
to pensioners? Shall I tell that your post-
master's salary is $4,000 and the rise at this
office, and of the keeper of customs, with
very nearly the same pay ? Shall I tell you we
have one of the oldest and ablest State univer-
sities of the South, the Nashville University,
the Alma Mater of many distinguished sons
all over the southern States? Shall I tell of
the finest system of free public schools, with
splendid modern buildings, to be found any-
where? Shall I tell of large and healthy bank-
ing capitals and manufactures, all flourishing
in our city ? Shall I tell of extensive whole-
sale and retail trade, extending throughout our
own State, and ranging into north Alabama.,
north Georgia, and southern Kentucky ?
