1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2405
All these things and more I could elaborate
if time and patience would admit, demon-
strating the importance, justice, and necessiry
of the measure I now so earnestly urge. Ours
1 is soon to be declared an interior port of entry
and delivery, so recommended by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury and the committee hav-
ing the matter in charge. I have the petitions
and letters of our people, the resolutions of
our Board of Trade and Chamber of Com-
merce, asking that this appropriation be made
and the buildings constructed. Give, then,
I ask, Tennessee her real wants, and let us
have in Nashville, the capital, and in Mem-
phis, on the banks of the Mississippi, the pub-
lic buildings so much needed; and then,
whether in Nashville, Memphis, orKnoxville,
the citizen of the State shall have occasion to
look with pride and cheer upon buildings, the
types and symbols of a great and just Kepub-
lic of which he will rejoice to be a part. I
feel sure this bill will pass, and hope it may be
completed at the present session.
condition of tub south.
Mr. WADDELL. Mr. Speaker,. I have
been confined to the house by illness for ten
days, and being yet somewhat feeble, I shall
merely ask leave to print my remarks, as 1
am too weak to deliver them.
There was no objection; and leave to print
was accordingly granted. [See Appendix.]
DESTRUCTION OF PRIVATE PROPERTY.
.Mr. RITCHIE, Mr. Speaker, I propose on
this occasion to invite the attention ofthe House
to the bill that I introduced'early in the ses-
sion, and which is now pending in the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, u for the ascertain-
ment and examination of all claims for com-
pensation for the use, damage to, and destruc-
tion of private property by and for the benefit
of the United States Army during the late war
arising in those States that remained in the
Union.
' The bill is as follows :
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Cong reus
assembled, That the President of the United States
shall he, and he is hereby, authorized to nominate,
and, by and with the advice and consent of tile Sen-
y.ic, appoint a boaid of commissioners, to be desig-
nated as Commissioners ot Claims, to consist of
three commissioners, who shall be commissioned for
two years, and whose duty it shall be to receive,
examine, and consider the justice and validity of
such claims as accrued in those States that were not
proclaimed as in insurrection to the United States,
as shall be brought before theui by citizens who re-
sided therein, for stores or supplies taken or fur-
nished. or for property used, damaged, or destroyed
for the use of the Army of the United States during
the late war for the preservation of the Union, in-
cluding the use, loss, damage, or destruction of
vessels or boats while employed in or taken for the
benefit of the military service of tbe United Slates.
And the said commissioners, in considering said
claims shall be satisfied, from the testimony of wit-
nesses under oath, or from other sufficient evidence
which shall accompany each claim, taken under
such rules and regulations as the commissioners
may adopt, of the quantity, quality, and value of
the property alleged to have been taken, furnished,
used, damaged, or destroyed, and the time, place,
and material circumstances of the taking, furnish-
ing, using, damaging, or destroying of the same.
And upon satisfactory evidence of the justice and
validity of any claim, the commissioners shall re-
port their opinion in writing in each case, and shall
certify the nature, amount, and value ot the prop-
erty taken, furnished, used, damaged, or destroyed,
as aforesaid. And each claim which shall be con-
sidered, and rejected as unjust and invalid, shall
likewise be reported, with the reasons therefor; and
no claimant shall withdraw any material evidence
submitted in support of any claim.
S?5C. 2, That said commissioners shall each take
the oath of office provided by law to be taken by all
officer,'i of the United States, and shall proceed with-
out delay to discharge their duties under this act.
The President of the'United States shall designate
in his appointment one of said commifasioners to be
president of the board, and shall be authorized to
fill any vacancy which may occur by reason ot death
or resignation in said board; and each commis-
sioner shall have authority to administer oaths and
affirmations, and to take the depositions of wit-
nesses in ail matters pertaining to their duties.
The said commissioners &hall meet and organize
t-;nd board, and hold ihoir sessions at Washington.
Two members of the board shall constitute a quo-
jum for the transaction of business, and the agree-
ment of two shall decide all questions in contro-
versy. The said commissioners shall have authority
to make and publish rules for their procedure, not
inconsistent with this act, and shall publish notice
of their sessions. They shall keep a journal of
their proceedings, to be signed by the president of
the board, and a register ot all claims broughtbefore
the board, showing the date of presentation, num-
ber, name, and residence of claimant, subject-mat-
ter and amount of claim, and the amount, if any
allowed, which records shall be open to the inspec-
tion of the President and Attorney General of tho
United States, or of such officer as the President
may designate.
Sec. 3. That said commissioners shall make a re-
Port of their proceedings, and of each claim consid-
ered by them at the commencement of each session
ot Congress, to the Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives, who shall lay the same before Congress
for consideration; and all claims within this act
and not presented to said board shall be barred,
and shall not be entertained by any department of
the Government without further authority of Con-
gress.
Sue. 4. That the commissioners of claims shall be
paid quarterly under this act at the late of 95,000
per annum each, and they shall have authority to
appoint one clerk and one short-hand reporter, to
be paid quarterly at tbe rate of $2,500 per annum
each, and one messenger, to be paid at the rate of
SI,200 per annum, who shall perform tho services
required of them respectively; and said boairl shall
be further allowed the necessary actual expenses of
office-rent, furniture, fuel, stationery, and printing,
to be certified by the president of the hoard, and to
be audited on vouchers and paid as other judicial
expenses are.
Sec. 5. That, a sufficient appropriation to carry
this act into effect is hereby made out of any money
in tho Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
It will be remembered that I made an in-
effectual attempt to attach it to tlie naval
appropriation bill some time since ; and when
the annual Army appropriation bill was on its
passage a few'days ago I proposed lo incor-
porate it as ail amendment to that in order to
avoid the delay of a report in regular turn from
the committee having it in charge ; bat 1 re-
gret to say that notwithstanding my appeal
to the contrary, the pailiamentary point was
made, and necessaiily sustained, that it was not
germane legislation, it is proper to say, how-
ever, that the gentleman raising the objection,
[Mr. Dickey,] while doing so, disclaimed any
hostility to the measure as an independent
one ; and I trust, therefore, when it is legu-
larly reached, to find him, and also the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] who excluded
it on the former occasion, with a sufficient num-
ber of others, giving it their support.
I do not permit myself to douht that the
majority, which is responsible for the legisla-
tion of this House, will permit a bill so just
and meritorious in its object, and so cautious
and moderate in its provisions, to fail of pas-
sage. The effect of this bill would be to place
those claimants for supplies taken and prop-
erty damaged, who reside in the States that
continued in the Union, on an equal footing
with loyal claimants for similar relief residing
in the States that seceded.
As the law now stands, the latter class have
superior facilities for the preferment and con-
sideration of their claims, and a wider range
in their subject-matter; an inequality that
could not have been designed and should not
be suffered to continue. Surely—while not
meanmgany reflection—citizens residing north
of tbe Potomac are entitled, in any aspect, to
equal advantages with those on the other side
in seeking redress at the hands ofthe Govern-
ment.
This bill is modeled after that which was
in the interest of southern claimants inserted
as an amendment into the Army appropriation
bill of last year, and it was to .secure the weight
and equitable suggestion of the precedent and
extend the parallel that I endeavored to intro-
duce it as an amendment at the same point in
the same bill for this year.
As in that amendment, this bill provides for
the appointment of three commissioners, who
are to investigate all claims of the nature de-
scribed that may be submitted, and to report
the same, with their judgment thereon and
the reasons thereof, to Congress for its final
disposition.
In view of the reluctance hitherto mani-
fested to entertain claims based on loss or
destruction of property, I have thought a bill
providing for their preliminary investigation
the most eligible one, and most likely to
receive favorable action. It obviates the dan-
ger of setting precedents in legislating on par-
ticular cases that might prove embarrassing,
and of committing Congress in principle to
appropriations the exteut of which it has now
no reliable means of ascertaining. At the
same time its adoption would not preclude
Congress from taking action in special cases
if inclined to do so.
It is admitted that many of the numerous
appeals for relief' and compensation are merit-
orious, and that in common justice the Gov-
ernment should extend thein prompt and favor-
able consideration ; yet it is evident that
Congress cannot devote the time necessary
to a careful investigation of these claims in
detail. Still, at the same time, the amount
involved in the aggregate might prove so large
that Congress may be unwilimg to transfer all
control of them to the ministerial departments.
The Committee of Claims is oppressed with
a large number of these applications, which
they are somewhat perplexed how to treat
until Congress shall have indicated some.set-
tled policy in regard to them.
In these various aspects I have presented
my bill framed as it is. If Congress is in a
mood that will admit of more speedy means
for the adjustment of these demands, I shall
be only the more pleased to have my method
superseded. If this bill shall but serve to
initiate favorable action of any kind, it will
have mainly answered its purpose. If more
can be now effected than 1 have supposed, I
shall be gratified that I have underrated the
disposition to afford relief. Should my effort
prove the occasion of accomplishing something
in the desired direction, although in a modified
or different shape, and through the agency of
some one else, even should it be much less
than what I have moderately proposed, I shall
be glad to welcome it as affording an earnest
that adequate justice is eventually attainable.
But while i am not exacting as to the
method, or even measure of present, redress,
I am importunate that a beginning should be
made in the matter. And if the majority in
this body, which has control of its legislation,
shall continue to disregard the well-founded
appeals -which come up from those whose sub-
stance was consumed in supplying and sus-
tainingyour triumphant armies, ! cannot but
hold up such a failure to a much-wronged
community as cruel ingratitude and injustice.
But I shall at least acquit myself of my re-
sponsibility, and I propose to vex the ear of
this House till I touch its heart if, in the lan-
guage of a once popular but now somewhat
disparaged individual, it takes not only " all
the summer." but the ensuing winter besides.
As I have stated, sufferers by reason of
supplies taken and losses inflicted in the ad-
hering Slates have not the same opportunities
with southern claimants for pressing their
demands.
The Court of Claims, by the act of July 4,
18G4, was deprived of jurisdiction in all eases
of damage arising from the war ; and the same
act comprises the only legislation thus far pro-
vided for sufferers in the •'loyal" States. The
relief, however, furnished by that act and the
regulations based upon it is entirely inadequate.
Under that statute, and the construction
given it, the only claims lhat can be enter-
tained are those of loyal citizens for articles
that were taken by or supplied to the Army on
the authority of a competent officer, and come
within the technical discription of " quarter-
master's stores/' or "subsistence." Claims
for damages for property injured or destroyed,
or from thefts or depredations committed by
troops, or so much of a charge foi stores or
supplies as is an element of damages, are_, by
the regulations, excepted from consideration.
