1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4197
then existing law and orders of the Department
could only be made by the quartermaster at
St. Louis. The language is : ' ■
" That all sums allowed to be due fro"m tile United
States to individuals, companies,-or Corporations,
by the commission heretofore appointed by th-e-Sec-
retary of War, (for the,,investigation,'of military
claims against the Department of the West',)com-
posed ofDavid Davis, Joseph Holt, and Hugh Camp-
bell, now sitting at St. Louis, Missouri, shall be
deemed to be due and payable, and shall be paid by
the disbursing officer, either at St. Louis or Wash-
ington, in eaCh'case upon the'presentatitm of the
voucher, with the commissioners' certificate thereon,
in any form plainly indicating the allowance of the
claim, and to what amount."
So that the provision was _ to enable the
claimants to get their money either at St.
Louis or at Washington, not a new provision
to make the finding final and a bar, to all fur-
ther recovery ; and, as will be observed, on
page 4 of the report, in the nineteenth finding
of the Court of Claims, the receipt to which
the Senator from Iowa referred is probably in
substance embodied. I could not tell him at
the time he asked me to, where it was. I find
this: .
" 19th. That on his said elaims thesaid petitioner
received from the said commissioners vouchers for
the said sums of $75,959 2-1, and $20,196, and signed a
receipt for said"two vouchers in words following,
namely; ' the undersigned acknowledge to have.re-
ceived the vouchers referred to and described below,
which, when paid, will be in full of all demands
against the United States on account of the respects
ive claims beL opposite their several names.'"
That is a quotation from the receipt for the
vouchers. The following is the closing of that
finding:
" And the petitioner was not allowed by the com-
missioner to receive said vouohersuniU he had signed
the said receipt; and he protested against such
action of the commissioners, and signed the receipt
and agreement under said protest."
Now, we have the fact that the contract was
honestly made; that it was honestly fulfilled :
that the Government received the boats; that
they went into service and were used; that
they were transferred to the Navy Department,
and that he accepted under protest the amount
awarded him by this commission. What did
he do after that ? He went into the Court of
Claims, and there, where there was a hearing
with notice to the Government, where there was
an examination of witnesses with notice to
the Government,anda cross examination where
the Secretary of War, the Assistant Secretary
of War, the Quartermaster General, all the
officers who had anything to do with the mak-
ing, or with the fulfilling of this contract,, were
examined, the Court of Claims after a full hear-
ing found that if he was to be compensated
according to the contract thpre was $112,000
due him ; that if the contract "were to be
thrown out of view, and lie was to be paid the
amount that would be reasonably due to him
for the work done, there would be upon the
testimony as they viewed it the sum of thirty-
nine thousand and some odd hundred dollars
due him, but the court entered judgment for
the claim of $ll'2,000 according to the con-
tract. There was a full hearing before the
Court of Claims, and that finding in his favor.
Ordinarily as between individuals that would
be deemed vei'y good evidence of the claim.
The Government appealed from that finding
and carried the case to the Supreme Court,
and in the language of the Supreme Court the
case was reversed for this reason ; I quote
from the opinion of the court:
" In the view we have taken of the case, the giv-
ing of this receipt is of no legal importance. The
bar to any further legal demand against the Gov-
ernment does not'rest upon this acquittance, but
upon the voluntary submission to the board; the
hearing and the final decision thereon, the receipt
of the vouchers containing the sum or amount found
due the claimant, and the- acceptance of the pay-
ment of that amount under the act of. Congress pro-
viding therefoi."
Thus it will be seen that jt. was on the
ground that he made a .voluntary submission
to the board. His counsel asked to liave the
case sent back ou the ground that this was an
error ih the court, and the'Supreme Court, iff
delivering the opihion upon that application,
admit that that was an error, .They say:
"Although it is true that the appellee did not
present hi§ tSIaims before the board, as stated in the
finding in- the record,of appeal, it cannot, in view of
the facts which appear,in the original record, of the
evidence before.the Court of Claims, well tie'denied
but that he made himself apartyt'o the proceedings,
and too.k< thebenefiftof the adjustment of his -accounts
by, them, which.brings the case .within the principle
decided in 7 Wallace.",
, Thus,the court base.their finding.and their
filial judgment upon the fact that Jtr. Adams
had received the money under this act of
Congress. They agree that he had not sub-
mitted his case to the board of commissioners;
they agree that he was not bound by that sub-
mission, for he had made no submission, anfl
therefore the only grpun4 upon which' they
pla.ee it is that having received the money
under the act of Congress he had so far made
himself a party to the aqts^f the Government
in constituting the commission and in.passing
the law that he was not now permitted, to say that
he was notbpundby it. There,then, is the whole
case.' Here was a contractor under, the Gov-
ernment who performed his contract ^onestly
and faithfully; and that is the distinguishing
feature of the case. I'kno.w it is often alleged
that contractors are to be narrowly watched.
I a^ree to it; and if any one who has sus-
picion of these claims being improperly
allowed were aware of the scrutiny which an
honest man has to undergo in the Commitree
on Claims, I think that much of this clamor
against contractors would perhaps disappear ;
for I am free to say that in consequence of
that very feeling I think that while the Com-
mittee on Claims do aet adversely upon many
claims, they approach the consideration of
many elaims with their feelings against the
claimant, and not giving him the benefitwhich
evpry man ought to have of. treating his claim
as an honest one until the contrary appears,
We have here the fact that this is an honest
claim, the Government certifying that the con-
tract was honestly performed, and its court
finding that this amount was honestly due
under the contract, and the Supreme Court
reverse it upon a rule of law simply, that he
has taken the money and that he ought to
be bound by it whether it is right or wrong.
That brings him back to Congress ; and now
if we are satisfied that he honestly performed
his contract, that this amount of money was
honestly due to him, the simple question is,
shall Congress be bound by the same technical
rule of law upon which the Supreme Court
decided? It cannot be alleged that this man
is not entitled to his money if he has honestly
performed his contract. All that can be
alleged is that the Supreme Court, applying
to him the rule which would be applied
between individuals, says he ha,s estopped
himself from denyipg that, he submitted to this
power of the Government thai was invoked
then.' It was the power, to do a wrong ; now,
the power that is invoked is to right that
wrong, arid the simple question presented to
the Senate is whether they will exercise that
power for the purpose of doing it. I think
that in order to do it, and I trust some mem-
ber of the committee who feels with me8—for
I made this report under instructions—will
offer ^n amendment to make the amount
$112,000 instead of $39,000, and then that
would be doing justice.
J\Ir. BOREMAN. I should not say a word
about the bill before the Senate were it not for
the fact that I am a member of the committee
by which the report has been made. I liave
given the claim in this case more consider-
ation than I have the claims which have come
before that committee ordinarily, which have
not beeu committed to my charge specially,
and I feel assured that by passing this bill as
reported by the committee, giving Mr. Adams
only $39,000, we are doing very great injustice
to him. 1 do not propose to repeat the history
of the ease, inasmuch as the facts as well as the
law have been so succinctly and clearly and
fairly stated by' the Senatoi- from Pennsyl-
vania. The' simple question here is whether
the Government tCf the .United States can
afford, upon the veriest' technicality j to repu-
diate a solemn contract. . "
Th^ contract made under authority,of the
War Department. _ by direction of (jerigral
FrSmonf, through ' his quartermaster iu St.
Louis, in 1661, With'Mr. Adams was, as .has
been' stated, to build thir'ty'-eight mortar-boats
at a specific priceeach, §8,250 apiece, and eight
tug-boats at a specific sum which is mentioned
ih this report taken from the decision of the
Court of Claims. The case, as has been slated,
was before the Court of Claims, and that court
finds the following facts as to the acceptance
and use of these boats; I read the fifteenth
finding in the decision of the Court of Claims;
"15th. Thatin January, 1862, the Secretary of War
directed that the said thirty-eight mortar-boats
built by the petitioner, and then at Cairo, sh'ould be
completed for serviee by getting on board their arma-
ment, for which they were then ready, at theearliest
date practicable ; and this was done, and the niortarr
boats and tug-boatswerc'ttikcn into the service of
the United States and,immediately used in tiiemiii-
tary operations oa the ^Mississippi river."
That is the fifteenth finding of the Court of
Claims, and includes all these boats, showing
an acceptance and appropriation of them with-
out objection, Without exception in any par-
ticular whatsoever. Now, to a plain, honest
man that would seem sufficient: But if there
should be a seeming objection' to the payment
of the claim on account of any suspicion, we
have here a lettei of the Assistant Quarter-
master General, which was referred to by the
Senator from Pennsylvania, and which he did
not read, but which I will read, which shows
that there Was never* any suspicion that Mr'.
Adams had not Completed most thoroughly
and honestly his contract. Mr. Adams, it
seems, addressed him a note, to Which he
replied under date of February 6, 1871: -
I have your note of this date. To your question
whether I ever heard of any'charges of t'raud in
connection with your construction of eightsteam-
tugs and thirty-eight mortar-boats, I answer em-
phatically, no. I am satisfied you labored zeatously
to fulfill your Contract, and that you acted in perfect
goodiaith toward the Government.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
R. w. alLen.
Assistant Quartermo.star General.
It will be perceived that this General Allen
was the quartermaster at St. Louis, and en-
tered into a pbrtion of these contracts with
Mr. Adams, under the direction of General
Fremont and the War Department.
These are the facts. Then this commission,
consisting of Judge Davis, Jud^e Holt, and
Mr. Campbell, sat in St. Louis to take intp
consideration war claim's in General Fre-
mont's department. As has been shown by
the Senator from Pennsylvania, this claim got
before them not at the instance of Mr. Adams.
He did not carry it tiiere ; it was sent there
by direction of. the Quartermaster General, as
has been stated, and this shows that it was not
until after they had examined his claim that
Mr. Adams heard probably something from
them, and addressed them a note in' regard to
it. He found probably that they were going
to do him injustice, and he addressed them a
note making an explanation in regard to some
matters; which note appears in the printed
report. -
The Court of Claims allowed him the full
amoui.t "of his claim, the balance due him,
§112.7i8. 70. The Court of Claims decided
that the contract was accepted, that it was
binding on the Government, and that he had
fulfilled it, and therefore was entitled to re-
cover the money according to the contract.
It' we look into the statute giving jurisdiction
to the Court of Claims, they would not have
entertained jurisdiction had they not been of
opinion that the contract did exist.
Now, how does tho Government attempt to
get rid id' the payment of this $112,000? The
