1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
613
sentation for a full ratio of representation^ and
then seventeen States which have the largest
fractions are each entitled to an additional
Representative. Perhaps there is some in-
equality because those States which have a
small fraction are unrepresented ; but that is
unavoidable. The very fact that a ratio of
representation has to be selected makes in-
equality ; but the seventeen States which have
the largest fractions are provided for, and the
other States cannot be without creating a
greater inequality than results from denying
them representation for those fractions. The
constitutional rule, therefore, is followed out,
and the bill has been fully and fairly consid-
ered. Hence it seems to me that the amend-
ments proposed by the Senate committee are
not an improvement of the bill, and I shall
therefore deem myself bound to vote against
every one of them except the provision in the
third section.
Mr. EDMUNDS.. Mr. President, this is a
subject that everybody ought to approach in
a constitutional spirit, I take it; that is, with
a sincere desire to perform the duty that the
Constitution imposes upon us 
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to give notice that I shall move to strike out
the third section of the bill in regard to fixing
the time for holding the election of members
of the House of Representatives?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I was saying that this is
a subject which we ought to approach with a
disposition to do precisely what the Constitu-
tion requires us to do, and that is, to apportion
the Representatives according to their respect-
ive numbers of the representative population
of each State. The language of the Constitu-
tion is perfectly plain and unambiguous. XL
is designed to give, and does give, by its terms
as well as by its spirit, an equal representation
in the House of Representatives to every citi-
zen of every State in the Union, be it great or
small. Any bill that departs from that pro-
vision further than is indispensable as a math-
ematical question, Is a bill in violation of the
Constitution of the United States; and no
Senator, whether he profits by it or not, is
justified in upholding a bill of that character.
Now, Mr. President, that is the character
of the bill which has come to us from the
House of Representatives; and it is a singular
coincidence—it is nothing more than a coinci-
dence, I am sure—that the State which pro-
vides most largely, by a violation ot the Con-
stitution of the United States under the House
bill, is the State of Ohio. But I know it ia not
for that reason that my honorable friend [Mr.
Sherman] is in favor of the House bill. It is
or the reason he has stated, that there are
difficulties in respect to apportionment in
his State, on account of the condition of its
Legislature and the time when it is to meet,
which seem to him to be insuperable.
But I put it to my honorable friend from
Ohio whether he would be willing, even as the
Representative of that people or any other, to
stand up here and vote for a proposition which
should give .to the State of Ohio an undue
representation in the House of Representa-
tives? Of course he would not. With the
greatest possible respect to her Representatives
and her people, which I really entertain, I
only speak of her as an example, which is the
strongest one there is. It will appear from
this bill that while the State of Ohio has eight
times the population of the State of Vermont—
almost exactly eight times the population of
the State of Vermont, and I use that State,
too, only for example—the bill gives to the
State of Vermont two Representatives, and to
the State of Ohio twenty. Now, according to
the Constitution, supposing the population of
the State of Ohio to be precisely eight times
that of Vermont, Ohio is entitled to only eight
times the number of Representatives that Ver-
mont is entitled to, because the Constitution
declares that the representation shall be shared
between us in proportion to our respective
numbers. And yet in the face of that, this bill,
with a population in Ohio in substance (there
is a variation of a few thousand, but it answers
my purpose to say precisely) eight times that
of Vermont, gives to Ohio ten times the rep-
resentation of Vermont. Therefore, you may
take one Representative from the State of Ohio
and add it to the State of Vermont under the
House bill, although you then produce an in-
equality the other way, and you have still a
nearer approach to mathematical accuracy than
you have now.
Mr. SHEllMAN. What is the unrepre-
sented fraction of the State of Vermont, I
ask the Senator?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Fifty-eight or sixty thou-
sand. The unrepresented fraction of the State
of Ohio is larger, but that unrepresented frac-
tion is a portion of the whole people of the
State of Ohio, is a portion of the whole two
million six hundred thousand people that she
possesses; and she lias already, taking off the
one, nineteen Representatives for that num-
ber, when we should only have three for the
three hundred and thirty thousand in the
other case. So you may take the House bill
just as it stands, and take one Representative
from the State of Ohio and add it to the State
of Vermont, and the representation of the
people of Ohio, of whom the Constitution
speaks as being entitled to representation, is
still not so greatly out of proportion to the
representation of the people of Vermont as it
is the other way.-
Now, if you were to go according to the
nearest approach to truth, thenearest approach
to the Constitution and to justice, we should
be obliged to say that the House bill in this
respect (and the same may be said as to some
other States ; I only speak of these two as
illustrations) is altogether wrong; and any
person can see that it is more than theoret-
ically wrong when you find that with eight
'times the population of Vermont, Ohio has
ten times the representation of Vermont by
the House bill, a difference in favor of Ohio,
when you add it up in that way, of a majority
out of proportion to what she is entitled to,
greater than the whole representation of the
little State of Vermont.
Mr. President, that is not right. Of course
nobody can maintain that it is right if you pay
any regard to the Constitution. It is necessary,
therefore, to take some number or some method
of division which will diminish to the smallest
degree this inequality produced by remainders
over, and which will also approach in thelargest
possible degree still to giving to each State its
fair and equal representation in the House. It
has happened that the division by 243, taking
out the constitutional States, produces some-
what more nearly equality among all the States
than the other did, and particularly as between
the two States that I have spoken of, because
it leaves the fraction much smaller and does
nearer justice to them both.
But, Mr. President, my friend from Ohio
says that wo ought not to meddle with this
bill, because the House of Representatives has
passed it, and that it is its affair, and that it
has been well considered there, and all that.
What authority does my friend find in the Con-
stitution for abdicating the duties which the
people of Ohio have committed to him to see
that the Government is carried on according
to the Constitution? He can have none. The
Constitution has not left it to the House of
Representatives to determine the number of
people who shall be represented per member
in the States. It has determined that it shall
be fixed by law, from time to time, at the taking
of every census, and fixed by law on a certain
principle which the Constitution lays down. It
is therefore just as largely and just as truly
our duty to consider a bill of this character
as it is any other bill which originates in the
House of Representatives; and it is a duty
that we cannot escape by saying that it is a
question which relates practically to the House.
It does not necessarily relate to any one of
the gentlemen who compose that body now.
We are only providing by law, according to
the Constitution, for the number of Repre
sentatives which the people of the whole coun-
try residing in all the States shall be repre-
sented by; and instead of its having been the
custom to take as a finality any House bill
upon the subject of apportionment, according
to my information and reading the reverse has
been the rule. The Senate has amended, and
has in one instance, I believe, rejected entirely
ft House bill providing for apportionment.
We therefore are not exercising extraordinary
functions, we are not exercising indelicate
functions in any respect, when we undertake
to make more perfect a bill of this character
thatthe House of Representatives have passed.
And I might say to my friend, if I were to fol-
low him outside of what I consider to be the
proper range of parliamentary debate, that
instead of this bill having passed the llouso
of Representatives after great consideration
and deliberation and discussion, it passed the
House of Representatives almost without any
discussion at all, in a state of great confusion,
when it was impossible even to offer amend-
ments by members of that House in order to
bring it more truly to the constitutional stand-
ard ; but I am aware, at least I had supposed,
that this species of argument addressed to this
body was not the thing which either parlia-
mentary law or propriety would justify us in
doing. My apology is that my friend from
Ohio has made it necessary for me to say this
much.
Mr. President, I agree that the Senate Com-
mittee on the Judiciary seems to bo a little in-
consistent in having determined a year ago that
the number ought to be three hundred, and
having so reported, and in now reporting two
hundred and forty-three. All I can say as to
that is that it is not my fault. It is my right
and my duty to say that while I favored and
supported and voted for three hundred a year
ago I have done the same thing this year, and
I intend, if any Senator moves it, to uo it
again, and upon the ground that was so well
stated by my honorable friend from Ohio, that
it makes smaller constituencies, it brings each
Representative more nearly at home and into
acquaintanceship with his people, and it enables
a numerous House to resist influences and com-
binations—and I was about to say corruption,
but that would not be perhaps exactly parlia-
mentary; I will say influences and combin-
ations alone—which are dangerous to the
security of the people and dangerous to the
security of the Treasury.
We all know that the larger and more wide-
spread representation is, the less is the dan-
ger that the whole body may be influenced by
some sudden gust of passion or by some influ-
ence still worse than mere passion or heat.
Just in proportion, therefore, as the whole body
of the people are safer in a free country, on
account of their numbers and the extent of
the territory that they cover, against any sud-
den and extreme turn of affairs which would
be injurious to their interests, in the same pro-
portion is a large House of Representatives
safer against similar influences where brought
to bear upon them. Hence, I have always
believed, as a matter of political philosophy,
and I believe yet, and shall vote that way if I
have the opportunity, that the larger yon can
make the popular branch of any body of repre-
sentatives of the people, consistent with the
possibility of their doing business, the more
nearly you will come to the true idea of a
republic.
In that view I had hoped that the Judiciary
Committee would report, as they did a year
ago, this bill, with an amendment fixing the
number at three hundred, or some other large,
convenient number, larger than the House of
Representatives fixed, which would have not
only the general effect I have stated, but would
have the effect also to cure in a considerable
