562
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
Ho. of Reps.
Uniform Bates of Transportation—Mr.' Kendall.
42d Cong....2d Sess
General who, assisted by your present Governor,
John W. Geary, and aided by your late Governor,
Andrew G. Curtin, here at home, in the executive
council and Stato administration, led you onward
from the Mississippi to the Potomac eastward, until
no rebel flag poisoned the gale on this continent.
"These, then, are reasons which fully justify the
choice which you will make next Tuesday; but these
reasons are denied by others, and chiefly by the
agent, the representative of Forrest and of Hamp-
ton, who has recently been traversingthis continent
for one thousand miles, giving reasons why Grant
should not be elected, and why the banner of the
TJnion, dishonored and inglorious, should be in-
trusted to his hands." *****
" The mistakes mentioned are, Seymour says,' the
mistakes of the Republican party.' What. then,
has General Grant gut to do with them ? [Cheers
for Grant.] While Congress may have made mis-
takes, if >ou please, without number—day by day
made mistakes—Grant was before the enemy's face
fighting him; he w.is taking no surrender, exoept
that it was ' unconditional!' [Applause.] No terms
left his lips but 'unconditional surrender' of the
enemy of his country." *****
"Upon the 5th day of Ju'y, 1863, notwithstanding
the conduct of Horatio Seymour, the sun of our
country's glory burst forth in splendor through the
dark cloud of rebellion thathadtorsome years over-
shadowed it, and the balotul exhalations of treason
were scattered. Do your duty next Tuesday, and
the sun ot our political glory will shine as brightly
ind with as great a lnster as it shone on the day of
the 4th of July at Vicksburg and at Gettysburg.
[Applause.] Vote against Grant, and the darkness
and gloom that will setfte over this country lijto the
pall of midnight will settle deeper a,nd deeper over
the land, over its prosperity, over all the elements of
national power, over all the elements of national
honor, over all tlis elements of national strength,
and the greatest calamity that, over bofol a people
will happen. May divine Providence avert that
catastrophe."
On the same night, Mr. Stanton was sere-
naded at the Union League, and spoke as fol-
lows :
"Fellow-Citizen*: General Grant never looked
upon an army of the enemy of his country but to
conquer it. [Applause.] Ilu neversat down before a
rebel stronghold to besiege it, but. it. fell before h i m.
The same arm that supported hitn at the head of his
Army, and the gallant troops that followed him will
continue to uphold and support him, because ho
represents the great American heart; and the tri-
umphs that have been won by the physical armies,
will bo more than repaid, thrice repaid, by the
glorious victory of next Tuesday."
It is a fortunate thing that the dead Secre-
tary lias left it out of the power of the living
Senator to belie him.
Further quotations might be made from
speeches of Mr. Stanton in the campaign
which resulted in General Grant's election, to
show that Mr. Stanton not only referred to
General Grant by name, but that he accom-
panied the mention of that name with most
flattering commendation. But the quotations
I have made are sufficient to show either that
Mr. Stanton on his death-bed uttered a false-
hood to the Senator from Massachusetts, a
falsehood which he must have known to be sus-
ceptible of easy contradiction by reference to
the reports of his speeches during that cam-
paign. or that the Senator from Massachu-
setts deliberately falsified Mr. Stanton; and I
am content that the American people shall
judge between them.
Uniform Kates of Transportation.
SPEECH OP HON. 0 W. KENDALL,
otf nevada,
In the House of Representatives,
May U, 1872,
On the bill (II. R. No. 2249) to require uniform
charges for transporting freight and passengers
by railroad companies and other common carriers.
Mr. KENDALL. Mr. Speaker, one of the
overshadowing evils of the present time is the
enormous growth of railroad corporations and
the concentration in the hands of a few indi-
viduals of all the wealth and all the power
belonging to such corporations. No person
appreciates more fully than I do the benefits
flowing from the physical development and
improvement of the country. I am aware that
within the last twenty years the railroad, in
conjunction with the telegraph and with steam
navigation, has brought the people of all coun-
tries and of every quarter of the globe into
closer communication than at the beginning
of the present century, was deemed possible.
These appliances of modern civilization have
blended and harmonized customs and habits,
diversified as they are, even among the same
people, of the same race, and of the same
nationality; and, still widening in influence,
have brought the whole world, as it were, into
familiar social relations. Speedy transporta-
tion brings together the products -of every
clime. The instant lightning, flashing over
the land and under the sea, has quickened
thought and united the ends of the earth in
mutual interest and good will.
A few years since the destruction of Chi-
cago would have been unknown long months
afterward to commercial correspondents in
Europe; and we, perhaps, after the lapse of
a twelvemonth, would have learned of the
famine in Persia and in India. Bui now each
morning the newspaper has something of news
from the remotest lands; and, with this in-
crease of intelligence, in closest alliance, go
forth all humane and ennobling sympathies
to elevate and to advance the race. History
records no incident more honorable than the
spontaneous contributions last, October, from
communities near and far, to alleviate the dire
distress of so many thousands of our fellow-
citizens left houseless and homeless in a single
night.
Concede to the fullest extent all the advan-
tages which have resulted from these improve-
ments. We rejoiced la the completion of the
trans-continental railroad and telegraph. The
Government had given in their aid largely of
money and of lands,—more, perhaps, than
had ever been given by any other Government
for a similar purpose. No great idea was
ever more fondly cherished by the American
people than that of railroad and telegraphic
communication between the Atlantic and the
Pucitic.—ihus binding our people in a bond
of mutual interest as firm and as intimate as
our political Union.
With true American courage and'enterprise
it was determined to realize this grand idea
of union and peace even in the midst of
attempted disunion and civil war. The object
was to succeed at whatever cost; to open to
settlement the interior of the country ; to
increase the facilities of communication be-
tween the East and the West; to turn the
coveted tide of Asiatic tride across the conti-
nent; to build, in fine, a great, inter oceanic
highway for the people and for the public
weal.
The Pacific railroads were not constructed
by subsidies of land and subsidies ot' money in
order to consolidate rich, powerful, and des-
potic corporations, spurning the laws, defying
restraints, and laughing to scorn the just
demands of commerce and trade. But not
against the Pacific roads alone is complaint
heard, though 1 have made special mention
of these as affecting more directly a constitu-
ency who have honored me with a place here,
and whose interests X purpose always to make
my own.
Prom every section of the country come
clamors against the unjust and discriminating
chargesol railroad companies; against" draw-
backs " to their favorites, and against arbitrary
regulations looking only to ambitious schemes
for the control of other enterprises. The true
and effective remedy is injudicious legislation
by Congress and nowhere else. And unless
decisive action be soon taken we may find,
when too late, that we have created, like
Frankenstein, an unrelenting demon, and that
we are its helpless slaves.
In a Union composed of States of diverse
interests—each State having control of its
municipal affairs—some common protection
against local and conflicting laws was neces-
sary. This the framers of the Constitution
wisely foresaw. Hence, they withdrew from all
local authority and confided to Congress the
regulation of commerce between the States.
Within a few years, however, an entire change
has taken place in- the course and manage-
ment of this inter-State trade. It has become
more and more dependent upon railroad trans-
portation. ' Railroad corporations, alive al-
ways to their own interests, have shown an
increased disregard for the rights of the peo-
ple. They act in defiance of the lawa of the
States through whose limits their roads hap-
pen to pass. They seem to have adopted a
"higher Lw" for themselves. They have
become, as it were, leagued together into a
despotism to make common cause against the
people, and insultingly boast that, through
base influences, the Legislatures of the States
are pliaut to their will.
We see, too, with what marvelous facility
minor corporations are purchased by means of
the magnificent grants by the Government to
the larger corporations, so that the whole con-
trol of transportation of freight and passen-
gers is given into the hands of a few. What
was originally begun forthe improvement and
development of the country has fast degener-
ated into selfish schemes for the sole profit
of railroad magnates, and has resulted in the
oppression of every pioneer community whose
interests may happen to stand in their way.
Everything must bend to the demand for in-
creased dividends, for larger wealth and greater
power to the railroad kings. Their grasping
policy constantly reminds one of the conduct
of the directors of the old East India Com-
pany, after the British Government had con-
fided to them almost unlimited powers. In
all the company's instructions to its subordin-
ates, they began with the finest moral senti-
ments m behalf of "the subject people, and
ordered with a care almost parental the dis-
pensation of even-handed justice. But the
closing injunction was to send more money—
"to be just and merciful, but to send more
money."
The moral sentiments so beautifully ex-
pressed were read, admired, and forgotten by
the company's agents. They knew what was
needed, and acted accordingly. The money
came, wrung from millions of people by an
ingenuity of oppression and extortion differ-
ing, it is true, from that which we experience ;
but differing only as times, and governments,
and races of men differ. That company, as
it grew in wealth, began to assume exemption
from all restraints ot law, until the voice of
the British people demanded the overthrow of
the gigantic power.
Sir, of like tendency are the spirit and
policy of these Pacific railroad companies.
While I applaud the euterpiise which scaled
the snow-capped Sierras and crossed the track-
less wilderness and united with an iron band
the East and the West, I, nevertheless, as
the Representative of the people of Nevada,
raise my voice in earnest protest against the
exactions and the unjust and discriminating
tariffs of these companies which have been so
munificently endowed by the Government,
not, surely, for the purpose of building up
great cities at either terminus, at the expense
of the growing communities of the interior.
The question arising from these considera-
tions is one which we must sooner or later
answer: Will Congress allow the control o<
commerce, of agriculture, of manufactures, in
respect of the vital point of transportation to
market, to remain dependent upon the arbi-
trary will and caprice of railroad corporations;
or will it interpose with a strong and just hand
by enacting considerate, uniform, and equita-
