1510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
ants of theNavigator Islands, in the Pacific ocean, to
have the protection of the Government of the United
States extended over said islands.
Mr. HOUGHTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
chicago and north western" railroad.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, from
the Committee on the Public Lands, bjunani-
mous consent, reported back abill (H. R. No.
1766) to authorize the Chicago and North-
western Railroad Company to change their
projected line of railway in the State of Mich-
igan, with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Chicago
and Northwestern Railway Company to change
and relocate that part of their projected line
of railway "from the city of Fond du Lac, in
the State of Wisconsin, northerly to Esconaba,
in the State of Michigan," which lies in said
State of Michigan, so as to run said line from
"at or near the mouth of the Menomonee
river to Esconaba," on such line within the
limits of the land grant reserved for the use
of said company, 11'ow on file in the office of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
as they may deem most advantageous, and
shall cause a plat of their line, as relocated,
to be filed in said office within six months of
the passage of this act; provided, that the
grant of lands heretofore made to aid in the
construction of said railroad shall not be
increased or changed by the change of line
hereby authorized.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
present consideration of this bill?
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the last section
of the bill may be again reported.
The last section of the bill was again read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish, in the line before
the last, to add the words "in any respect
whatever;" so that it will read " shall not be
increased or changed in any respect whatever
by the change of line hereby authorized."
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I have
no objection to that amendment being made.
Mr. F1NKELNBURG. I would like to
know what, the object of the bill is.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. The
effect of the bill is to change the route of the
road, so that it will go further away from the
marshy grounds of Green bay, with a view to
escape them. It lies within the limits of the
original grantand interferes with no settlement
and does not impair the right of any individ-
ual. I think there ought to be no objection to
the bill.
Mr. LAMISON. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania a question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot, when
a gentleman asks unanimous consent for the
present consideration of a bill, allow debate
on it to proceed with the right of objection
reserved.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the bill be again
The SPEAKER. The bill will be again
read, and if any gentleman then rises to debate
it, the Chair will construe that into an objec-
tion.
The bill was again read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to ask just a single
question, whether the length of this line will
be increased or diminished by the proposed
change?
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. The
length of the line will be somewhat increased,
but it will not go outside of the original grant
of lands. I am informed by the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Sawyer] that there are
no settlers along the line, and nobody's rights
will be infringed in any way or manner what-
ever. The Committee on Public Lands unani-
mously agreed that this should be presented
to the House and pressed for passage.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the route were to be
shortened, the effect would be to increase the
grant.
Mr. SAWYER. On the contrary, the bill
lengthens the line.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
present consideration of the bill? The Chair
hears none.
The amendment offered by Mr. Holman
was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. CREBS. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a joint resolution for present con-
sideration.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I demand the
regular order of business.
Mr. CREBS. I ask the gentleman to allow
the joint resolution to be read, and then, if
there be objection, it can be withdrawn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I withdraw the
demand for the regular order uutil the joint
resolution is read.
donation OF cannon.
Mr. CREBS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a jointresolution (H. R. No. 108) grant-
ing condemned cannon for the erection of a
soldiers' monument at Mound City, Illinois ;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. CREBS. I ask that the jointresolution
be now put upon its passage.
Mr. COBURN. I beg to say that the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs have considered the
subject of that jointresolution, and I am com-
pelled to object to it. They have already
reported upon it.
Mr. CREBS. I think the gentleman is mis-
taken. There has been no such bill before
the committee.
Mr. COBURN. I understand this is in
relation to the soldiers' monument at Mound
City.
Mr. CREBS. It is to grant condemned
cannon for the erection of a soldiers' monu-
ment there.
Mr. COBURN. I object to the resolution
being put upon its passage, but am willing it
shall be referred.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
port op pittsburg.
Mr. NEGLEY. I ask that by unanimous
consent the bill (S. No. 742) to amend sec-
tion thirty-five of an act entitled "An act to
reduce internal taxes, and for other purposes,"
be taken from the Speaker's table for present
consideration.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information, after which objections, if any,
will be in order.
Tbebill was read. It extends the privileges
of the act entitled "An act to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes," approved July
14, 1870, to the port of Pittsburg, in the State
of Pennsylvania, with the same effect as if it
had been inserted in the thirty-fifth section of
said act.
Mr. NEGLEY. I desire to state that this
is identically the bill which was passed on the
15th January, by the House, with this excep-
tion, that^ifc recites the section of the law to
whi'ch it refers.
_ Mr. BROOKS, of New York. It is impos-
sible to understand the effect of a bill which
merely refers to this or that section by its
number of an existing law.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I would say to the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] that
this simply puts the port of Pittsburg on a
level with the ports enumerated in the inter-
nal revenue act of 1870, Cincinnati, St. Louis,
and others.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I merely
rose, because I thought it my duty to call the
attention of the House to the indefiniteness
of this kind of legislation.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the bill be again
reported.
The bill was again read.
Mr. CONGER. It extends to the port of
Pittsburg the same privileges which have been
already extended to Louisville and Cincinnati.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
the gentleman from Michigan to object.
Mr. CONGER. No, sir. I approve of the
bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then let there
be no debate.
Mr. CONGER. I do not permit the gentle-
man from Ohio to tell me when I shall say
anything and when I shall not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is this a report from
the Committee on Commerce or a report from
the Committee of Ways and Means?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Conger] wants to
kill his bill, let him go on.
Mr. CONGER. I can attend to my own
business
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth]
to object to the bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to make
some inquiries about it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I demand
the regular order of business.
deficiency bill.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business being demanded, the House resumes
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1654)
making appropriations to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the
Government for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1872, and for former years, and for other pur-
poses, reported last evening from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
with sundry amendments.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent that the last paragraph in the
bill which was ruled out upon a point of order
be added to the bill, and I ask that it be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be authorized
and directed, in the adjustment of the accounts of
William E. Parker, United States marshal for the
eastern district of Texas, to allow $825 75, money paid
by said Parker for the traveling expenses of Thomas
H. Duval, judge of the western district of Texas,
for holding two terms of the United States circuit
and district court at Galveston, and one term at
Brownsville, in Texas, under the direction of Mr.
Justice Swayne.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will make a
ruling on that which it may be well for mem-
bers to pay attention to. The gentleman from
Ohio moves this as an amendment in the
House. The Chair declines to receive it be-
cause it has never been considered in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I beg the Chair's
pardon. It was considered in Committee of
the Whole, and discussed for nearly an hour.
The SPEAKER. It was ruled out in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and therefore was never
considered in Committee of the Whole, and
that is the ruling to which the Chair invites
the attention of members; that where a pro-
vision in an appropriation bill is ruled out in
the Committee of the Whole as not being in
order it cannot be moved afterward in the
House.
Mr. BINGHAM. May it not be done by
unanimous consent?
The SPEAKER. Yes, it may be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent.
Mr. HOLMAN. This paragraph was struck
out upon a point of order made by me. The
