1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2407
were often so dismantled and ruined as to ren-
der them unfit,, except at heavy outlay, for
their original purpose. It also debars from
consideration the incidental injury to the busi-
ness connected with the edifice, sometimes its
chief element of value, as is the case where
institutions of learning were appropriated, and
the scholars were necessarily dispersed to their
homes or other places of tuition.
There is one particular in which the bill I
have introduced differs from the law estab
lixhing. the southern claims commission, and
from the act of July 4, 1864. In the first of
these two it is directed that the commissioners
in considering the claims must be satisfied, not
only of their justice and validity, but also of
'•the loyalty"ofthe claimant. In the act of 1864
there is a provision similar in effect, and the
Quartermaster General and the Commissary
General of Subsistence, in their respective
departments, are made the tribunals to invest-
igate and determine this question of loyalty.
In the bill I have submitted proof is required
only of '• the justice and validity of the claim."
Ttiis may be regarded as a material omis-
sion by the majority in this House; and it its
disposition is such that no additional facili-
ties will be accorded to claimants unless the
qualification referred to is added, I would sug
gest that the bill is within the power of this
House for such amendments as it may insist
upon. I can only say for myself that in the
light of my sworn obligation to support the
Constitution as I understand that fundamental
charter alike of our powers and of the rights
of the citizen, I could not recognize in any
legislation of my offering a discrimination so
false in principle, so pernicious in example,
and so unjust in operation.
The genius and safeguard of republican
institutions isfreedom of opinion and account-
ability only for actual deeds to rightfully es-
tablished law. In that view, and providing
for both as inevitable and desirable in a coun-
try intended to be free, the fullest liberty of
thought and conviction, the framers of our
oigauic law took care to define in what treason
should consist:
"Treason against the United States shall consist
only in levying war against them, or in adhering to
their enemies, giving them aid and cointort. No
person shall be convicted of treason unless on the
testimony of two witnesses to the same overt act, or
on confession in open court."—United States Consti-
tutionarticle 3 section 3.
Disloyalty is not taken cognizance of until
it shall have assumed form and expression in
a tangible or overt act. And whether such
overt act has been committed is to be determ-
ined only by that tribunal provided by the
Constitution for that purpose. It declares :
"The trial of all crimes, except in cases of im-
peachment, shall be by jury."—Constitution, article
3, section 2.
And further :
"No person shall beheld to answer for a capital
or otherwise infamous ciicae, unless on a present-
ment or indictment of a grand jury.1 '
* "Nor be deprived of life, liberty, or property,
without due process ot law; nor shall private prop-
erty be taken for public use, without just.compen-
sation."— Amendment to Constitution, article o.
"In all criminal prosecutions the accused snail
enioy the right to a speedy and public trial by an
impartial jury of the State and district wherein the
crime shall have been committed, which district
shall have been previously ascertained by law. and
to be informed of the nature and cause ot the accu-
sation ; to be confronted with the witnesses against
In in: to have compulsory process lor obtaining
witnesses in his favor, and to have the assistance
of counsel for his defense."—Amendment to 0on-
br.tution, article 6. ,
"The Congress shall havo power to declare the
punishment of treason, but no attainder of treason
FhaU work corruption of blood, or forfeiture, except
daring the life of the person attainted.' —6oiistitu-
tion, article 3, section 3. ,
"\o bill of attainder, or ex post facto law, shall &e
patted."— Constitution, article 1, section 9.
Now, it is an established principle of con-
struction, that what cannot be directly done
cannot be done indirectly.
Since, therefore, the Constitution has de-
fined the constituents and offense of treason,
and has prescribed the mode by which, the guilt
of its perpetrator shall be established, it is, to
my apprehension, a violation of that instru-
ment to impute that offense when any of the
ingredients which it specifies are lacking; or
to try and in effect convict, on practically
what is an accusation of treason, in a mode
other than that which it has ordained.
Tested by the above recited requirements
of the Constitution, how unwarranted and
illegal is a private accusation of disloyalty,
unaccompanied by specific charges, to usurp
the functions of a jury and invest them in the
Quartermaster General for its determination,
aud then, as is the practice in his department,
investigate the charge in the absence of the
accused, in a secret, ex parte proceeding,
without opportunity to the party charged to
confront the witnesses, and even, indeed, as
is generally the case, without being abie to
ascertain who they are. Could there be a
more flagrant and dangerous violation of all
the safeguards of private rights?
But, further. Assuming a charge of dis-
loyalty, and so preferred, to be a proper one,
the quartermaster an appropiiate tribunal to
try it, a secret investigation by concealed wit-
nesses legitimate, and the guilt of the accused
established, it by no means follows that you
have the right to deprive him of his property,
and to an extent dependent 011 and having no
limits but the necessities of the Army as the
penalty of such guilt. However plausible the
''plea of necessity" for confining his person
in the exigencies of war and within the range
of martial authority, you have no_ right _ to
work a forfeiture of his estate by withholding
payment for the property you have deprived
him of. The constitutional injunction still
remains:
" Nor shall private property be taken for public
use without just compensation."
Among all the penalties you have prescribed
in your statute law against the traitor, the
murderer, the pirate, and the robber, commen-
cing with the act of 1790, chapter nine, enacted
in pursuance of the constitutional power to
Congress to define the punishment of treason
and other crimes, this prohibition ha3 been re-
spected. By that very act, in section twenty-
lour, still in full force, and but a reaffirmanee
of the constitutional injunction, it is declared
that—
"No conviction or judgment for any capital or
other offenses shall work corruption of blood or any
forfeiture of estate."
Chief Justice Story, that champion of Fed-
eral power, 011 page 180 ot his Commentary on
the Constitution, in eulogizing the wisdom
and expediency of the clauses prohibiting bills
of attainder and forfeiture of estate, remarks,
(and the quotation has great pertinence :)
"The history of other countries abundantly
proves that one of the strong incentives to prose-
cute offenses as treason, has been the chance or
sharing 111 the plunder of the victims, hapacity
has been thus stimulated to exert it^elt in the ser-
vice of the most corrupt tyranny; and tyranny has
been thus furnished with new opportunity ot in-
dulging its malignity and revenge ; of gratifying its
envv of the rich and good; aud ot increasing its
means to reward favorites and secure retainers tor
the worst deeds."
And on page 239 he continues ;
"The injustice and iniquity of such acts in gen-
eral constitute an irresistible argument against the
existence of the power. In a free Government it
would be intolerable, and in the hands of a reigning
faction it might be, and probably would be, abused
to the ruin and death of the most virtuous citizens.
Bills of this sort have been uvM. usually passed 111
England in times of rebellion, or gross subserviency
to the Crown, or of violent political excitements;
periods in which ail nations are most liable (as welt
the free as enslaved) to forget their duties ana to
trample upon the rights and liberties of others.'
By the laws of civilized warfare, private
property even in an enemy s country is re-
spected. in his triumphant march to the city
of Mexico, the famous Scott added to his
laurels by his scrupulous observance of the
rule. And more recently the king ot Prussia,
with the rich prize of France at his feet, ob-
served the obligation to compensate the pri-
vate citizen for such of his properly as his
army requited.
Surely what the laws of war would secure
to a private enemy should be accorded to our
own citizens, especially when there is super-
added to the spirit of international equity the
express command of our own organic law.
1 might add that, because there is required
in behalf of claimants in the seceded States
under the southern claims commission proof
of their loyalty, it furnishes 110 just precedent
for such a requirement when dealing with the
citizens of States that remained in the Union.
The confederacy sustained the character of a
belligerent, and this fact devolvedon all its citi-
zens all the political consequences of such a
relation. In the eye of international law its citi-
zens were all constructively, at least, alien ene-
mies. It is an act of grace, therefore, lor the
Government to permit them to remove this -
p'rima facie character; and any terms on which
that benefit can be attained is in the nature of
privilege. Not so with citizens of the Onion.
The presumption that they were all true to the
Government as propeily applies to them as
the presumption to the contrary applies to the
citizens of the South. It is a presumption
that unites with the other valuable presump-
tion which hedges the liberty of the citizen
that he is supposed innocent till proven by a
lawfully constituted tribunal to be otherwise.
The act of 1861 violates these fundamental
safeguards and assumes every man to be a
traitor till he proves the negative that he is
innocent. Such an act is at once humiliating
to the pride and subversive of the rights of the
American citizen.
But I wish it understood that in thus assail-
ing this requirement of loyalty and its manner
of proof, 1 do not concede that the claimants
for whom I feel interested are in fact obnox-
ious to the charge of being disloyal. I have
been dealing with the principles involved only.
Doubtless some oft,hese claimants disapproved
the course of the Government in its war with
the South, but so did Lord Chatham that of
England in its war of the Revolution with us ;
so did Corwin, of Ohio, of ours in our war
with Mexico; and I am not aware that the
right and duty of an American citizen to ap-
prove or disapprove the acts of his own Gov-
ernment, which is but his representative and
agent, do not apply to questions of war as well
as of peace. I know of no class of men whose
especial prerogative it is to dictate a policy ot
any kind for the Government unquestioned by
their fellows.
But whatever the sentiments of these claim-
ants, they were held to and performed all
their political duties and obligations as citi-
zens of the Union. They were subjected to
military service, and their property has borne
its full share of taxation, while suffering more
than most others the ravages of war. The
fact is, many if not most ol these claimants,
so far from being disloyal, were in fact in full
accord with the Government in its war for the
preservation of the Union. They are, never-
theless, hampered with obstacles to obtaining
adequate redress, which my bill is designed to
remove. But some of these, entitled to the
meager relief now attainable, I believe have
been actually thwarted by insinuations against
their fidelity to the Union from superservtce-
able and vindictive miscreants, who have so
safe and inviting a field for the wreaking ot
private malice in the secret and irresponsible
method of receiving proof of disloyalty m the
D l^wiuT^'observed that I have maSe no
provision ill my bill for compensation for
losses inflicted by confederate troops. These
claims are doubtless entitled to consideration,
and I have not included them only because i
feared to jeopardize favorable action upon
claims whose*right to liquidation cannot be
fairly disputed by uniting with them those m
