1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4199
understand rather that they insist that inas-
much as this case was not heard upon its
merits in the Supreme Court of the 'United
States, and inasmuch as they insist it-is a just
tind honest claim, therefore we shall go back
of This judgment and allow it.
Now, I confess in all candor that suchargu-
ments coming fi'om lawyers struck me 'with
nftoiushment. 1 should like to be toM how
the Supreme Court of the United States tjeald'
consider a case upon its merits any more than
they did this? I should like, if the Senator
from West Virginia will tell me, to know how
a court for the correction of errors can hear a
case upon its merits any more than they did
this.
Mr. STEWART. O-oes the Senator from
Iowa take the position that there can be no
merits that Congress should consider after the
Supreme Court has decided?
Mr. WRIGHT. ]f my distinguished friend
hud been here when I presented this case in
the first instance he would have understood
me distinctly as sajing. as I did, that we had
the power to allow this claim; but the'ques'
tion of right was the oa-e that I presented to
the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. Is not the Senator aware
of the tact that such a claim as :this can only
go before the Supreme Court or any court on
a question of contract, and that there are many
claims we are paying daity that do not arise
on contract such as could be enforced in the
limited jurisdiction of that court? Cases may
arise daily where the court has rendered all
the relief that can be1 rendered under the
contract and still justice may not have been
done. Such cases may arise frequently, and
they do arise. If a case was referred to the
court by an act of Congress giving them juris-
diction of all the equities, of all the circum-
stances, and they had passed upon it with a
full knowledge of all those facts, I can see why
we should not interfere in that case ; but when
it is simply relerred to them to decide upon a
contract, and it turns out that there are equi-
ties outside of the contract, Congress may con-
sider those equities. Cases of that kind fre-
quently arise.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am very well aware of
that.
Mr. STEWART. In a case where the
Supreme Court has decided upon a title, I do
not suppose Congress would interfere, or in a
case where they have decided upon a-'contract
1 do not suppose Congress 'would interfere
with that contract; but they may interfere and
they may grant relief so far as equities Outside
of the con* root are concerned.
Mr. WRIGHT1. 1 should be doing injus-
tice to myself and my own feelings and be
not courteous were I to suggest that my dis-
tinguished friend did not understand this case.
Mr. STEWART. That may be.
Mr. WRIGHT. Is he aware that the Court
of Claims had jurisdiction of this case; that
it was presented there; that they tried it,
heard if, and deoidejl it, aud that no person
heie pretends they did not have jurisdiction?
No one pretends that they did not hear the
case and decide it; no one pretends that there
was not an appeal to the Supreme Court of
the United States and they decided the case ;
no one pretends that that decision is not final;
no one pretends that as between individuals
there would be any person foun'd here or any-
where else who would claim that you could
again review it. The whole 'ground of this
claim is that this man did not get as much money
as he ought to have had, notwithstanding he
went into a court that had unquestioned jurist
diction, had his case heard, tried,-and decided;
and now he comes to this tribunal, after hav-
ing sought the tribunal provided for him by
law, without, any mistake, without any fraud,
without any accident being committed there,
asks the Senate to review, reverse, and set
aside the judgment of a competent tribunal.
That is all therte is about it.
• But I was paving rtiy respects to the Sen-
ator from West Virginia. I asked a question,
and I 'want an answer to it. Can the Senator
tell me how the Supreme Court of the United
States could have this case upon its merits
before them in any other way th.in they did-
have ? - I Bay this case was before the Supreme
Courtof the United States. The Senator from
Pennsylvania talks about its being decided,
not upon its merits, but upon a mere techni-
cality, and the Senator from West Virginia
foilows it up. Now, do not those distin-
guished Senators know perfectly well that
when a tribunal decides the law against the
party upon principle, that is as much a decis-
ion of the merits and goes as much to the
equity of the case, and should be as conclusive
between the parties a"s if thev went into the
whole merits? What are courts of law estab-
lished for? To examine the facts as they are
subtaitted-and apply the law, and when they
have applied the law and decided the case
against a party, is it not just as conclusive in
law iand equity as if they had decided it upon
the merits? Did they not have this case on
its merits before them as -much- as they could
have?
What was the' question? Just the question
that arises-in numberless cases before judicial
tribunals; whether, when a party has tak>-n a
certain step in a case, he as a matter of law is
CQiieluded. There is no dispute as to the
facts. They held that having submitted his
case to that tribunal and x-eceived the fruits of
it, as a matter ot law he was concluded. Is
not that a decision on the merits?
But you say, cannot Congress afford to do
justice? Certainly it can ; but justice in any
other manner than according to law is$ of
all things, the most dangerous kind of justice.
It is said there was no compulsion upon
him to submit his case to this tribunal. That
is so. But' suppose two parties voluntarily
organize a'tribunal by consent that shall de-
termine a controversy between them, and that
tribunal does decide it? The Senators who
have addressed the Senate know just as well
as I do that that is as conclusive between
them as if it was the best and most formally
organized court m the world, and in a eontro
versy in relation to the matters covered by the
agreement and decided they are as much eon-
eluded as if they were, in the highest tribunal
in the land.
He was'not compelled to go there. But did
he not go there? It, is said his letter to the
commissioners was after they had examined
his claim, but before they defiided it; but one
thing is significant in this matter, to which I
call 'attention. Mr. Adams, in-submitting his
case, if it was a submission, said:
" When this contract was made, I supposed I would
have to pay much higher tor materials and labor
than I have, and therefore the job has been more
profitable in figures than I cxpoctod."
That is evidence that Mr. Adams was a can-
did man and a frank man. It seems at all
events that he was allowed a large sum by
these commissioners, received his money, had
received a large sum betore they acted upon
the claim, and now he comes before Congtess
and insists upon $112,000 more.- I say he
was not compelled to go there, but he did. I
say that upon principle Mr. Adams was before
that tribunal. I say, under the decisions of
the Supreme Court of the United States he
was before that tribunal.
I have but one word more to add. It is
said we can afford to pay this claim because
there is nothing dangerous in it. Senators, I
want you to bear in mind, if you allow this
claim, every demand that was submitted to
those ^commissioners, where they did not allow
tbe party as much as he thought he was en-
titled to, will rise Op in judgment before Con-
gress at the next or some subsequent session,
and we shall be called upon to pay it. The
Supreme Court of the United States have had
a case before them growing out of that same
commission and those same contracts at the
satrie time, khd have followed the decision
they made in the Adams case, and gone fur-
ther, as the Senator from Pennsylvania knows,
and have settled and determined definitely
that having received the money awarded by
those commissioners the parties are Concluded.
Now, let'me"submit one question right here.
Suppose the commissioners had allowed - Ad-
ams $300,000, tbe entire amount of his claim,
and When it had come to Congress for pay-
ment it had been said, " The commission had
no power to hear his claim, because, as he did
not appear before it, the Government was not
concluded, the submission was not mutual;"
suppose that had been the condition of the
question; I warrant you Mr. Adams would
have been found here insisting that the tri-
bunal ha'd power to investigate that claim and
that he was before that tribunal.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate now
adjourn.
Mr. FRKLINGHUY8EN and others. Oh,
no ; I hope not.
Mr. COLE. I insist oil the motion if the
Senator from I6wa will permit me to make it.
Mr. WRIGH T. I can-hardly iniagirie that
the Senator from California had any unkiud
purpose in that motion. '
Mr. .COLE. By no means toward the Sen-
ator'frotn Iowa; not in the slightest, I assure
him.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
hoy in the chair.) The Senator from Iowa
hsd not yielded the floor, and the Chair can-
not entertain the motion.
Mr. WRIGHT. lam very sure that I have not
troubled the Senate mueh heretofore. I have
been endeavoring to present my objections to
this claim in a biief way, aud show the princi-
pies involved iti it; and about the time I was
about to close the Senator interposes for the
purpose of making a motion to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
cannot be entertained without the consent of
tbe Senator on the floor.
Mr. WRIGHT. I say again that if Mr.
Adams, being before that commission, had
been allowed the full amount of his claim, and
a question had been made in the Senate as to
whether that tribunal had power to investigate
his claim and whether he did appear, you
would have found hits insisting here they had
the power arid he did appear and the Govern-
ment was concluded because he was concluded,
but they did not allow him enough.
Now, Mr. President, I need not assure you
again that I have no feeling on earth in this
case. I am just as anxious that justice shall
be done to Mr. Adams as any one On this
floof; but because I believe there is a prin-
ciple involved here, and one which if carried
out to the extent claimed on the other side
would be dangerous beyond measure, I insist
that this ease shall be determined in such a
way that_the precedent shall be understood,
and that hereafter when claims come before
the Senate decided by the highest judicial
tribunal of the land, by the tribunal that is
provided by law for claimants, and where
there is neither accident, fraud, nor mistake,
the Congress shall be concluded and the
claimant 6hall not be allowed the demand he
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator will allow
me, I do not think I am so far mistaken in
this case as he supposes. I will ask him if it
was not decided by the Supreme Court that
Adams could not recover any more because he
had gone before the commission and received
what they awarded ? Was not that their
decision ?
Mr. BORBMAN. Substantially.
Mr. STEWART. I ask the Senator from
Iowa.
Mr. WRIGHT. The Senator from Nevada
will fiad that the Supreme Court of the United
States decided in the first instance that—
" The bat to any furtherlegal demand against th®
