1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1511
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations ■
makes an earnest appeal to allow it to come
in, and although I am opposed to the prin-
ciple of this partial legislation, I will with-
draw my objection.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
reception of the amendment? The Chair hears
none. But the ruling is one which it is im-
portant in many respects for the House to
remember.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to allow me to offer the amendment
which I offered last night, and which I now
send to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is a different
amendment from the one which was consid-
ered in Committee of the Whole?
Mr. DAWES. No, sir, it is the same, word
for word.
The Clerk read the amendment of Mr.
Dawes, as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the proper
accounting officers be, and hereby are, authorized
and directed, in the settlement of all accounts for
the services of laborers, workmen, and mechanics,
employed by or in behalf of the Government of the
United States, between the 25th day of June, 1868,
the date of the act constituting eight hours a day's
work for all such laborers, workmen, and mechanics,
and the 19th day of May, 1869, the date of the proc-
lamation of the President concerning such pay, to
settle and pay for the same, without reduction on
account of the reduction of the hours of labor by
said act, and a sufficient sum of money is hereby ap-
propriated for that purpose out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will allow that
amendment to be offered.
The SPEAKER. Then that amendment is
pending.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Idesiretomakethe
point of order that that amendment is not in
order.
The SPEAKER. What is the point of
order?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is that this is not
provided for by existing law, that it is new
legislation, and that there is no specific
amount mentioned in the appropriation. This
amendment was rejected by the Committee of
the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs to call
attention to the difference; it was held to be
in order in Committee of the Whole, and was
there considered, and therefore that complies
precisely with the requirement of the rule that
all appropriations must have their first con-
sideration in Committee of the Whole. The
Chair overrules that point of order.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The Chair is ruling on the
point of order made by the gentleman from
Illinois. The gentleman makes the further
point that there is no specific sum mentioned
in the appropriations. The Chair will direct
the reading of the rule under which the gen-
tleman makes that point, and which refers to
the duties of the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
The Clerk read as follows :
" It shall be the duty of the Committee on Appro-
priations, within thirty days after their appoint-
ment, at every session of Congress, commencing on
the first Monday of December, to report the general
appropriation bills," * * * * ' or, in
failure thereof, the reasons of such failure, And
said committee shall have leave to report said bills
(for reference only) at any time. In all cases where
appropriations cannot be made specific in amount
the maximum to be expended shall be stated, and
each appropriation bill when reported from the com-
mittee shall, in the concluding clause, state the sum
total of all the items contained in said bill."
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farnsworth] will observe that the
restriction of the rule is upon the Committee
on Appropriations in their report of bills ; it
has no reference to what the Committee of the
Whole or the House may do. Therefore the
the Chair overrules that point of order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. With great
reluctance I have allowed this amendment to
be offered. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Faensworth] desires to offer an amendment
to the amendment, which I will allow to be
done, and then I will call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend
the amendment by adding to it the following:
Provided, That no part of the money hereby appro-
priated shall be paid to any mechanics or laborers
who have already been paid for eight hours' labor
four fifths as much as the amount which was paid
like laborers and mechanics for ten hours' labor.
Mr. NIBLACK. I desire to appeal to my
colleague on the Committee on Appropria-
tions, the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gab-
field,] to allow me to enter a motion to strike
out the paragraph appropriating $1,000,000 to
supply a deficiency in the amount for expend-
itures of the judiciary. I do so for this
reason: while there are many on this side of
the House who do not wish to vote against
this deficiency bill as a whole, yet there are a
number of gentlemen on this side who, for
reasons peculiar to themselves, desire to make
a record against this proposition.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no objec-
tion, if it will hasten the consideration of this
bill.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to strike out the
paragraph appropriating $1,000,000 for the
expenditures of the judiciary.
The SPEAKER. That motion will be
regarded as pending.
Mr. HOAR. I would suggest, as a point of
order, that if there are any gentlemen on the
other side of the House who, for reasons pecu-
liar to themselves, are prevented from voting
for ati appropriation of money to prosecute
the Ku Klux, they could be excused from
voting.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] caunot consent to the intro-
duction of my amendment without allowing
another to be introduced to nullify it, I will
withdraw my amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I cannot let in
one side alone of the question.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman is opposed
to my proposition and desires to kill it, let
him do so fairly and frankly upon the record.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have fairly
and frankly allowed the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] to offer his amend-
ment ; I have fairly and frankly allowed the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] to
move his amendment to the amendment. Both
of these propositions were acted upon in Com-
mittee of the Whole, anditisbut just to allow
the House an opportunity to act upon both of
them. If the gentleman does not like that, he
can withdraw his amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I will not withdraw it, but I
want the matter understood.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, I ask unani-
mous consent that in the engrossment of this
bill the Clerk be instructed to arrange the
various amendments in their proper places,
and to make the footings correspond thereto.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. TAFFE. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following amendment:
Provided, That the number of Indians presentand
actually receiving rations at each issue shall be
reported by the agent in charge to the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs.
Mr. SARGENT. That proposition had bet-
ter be introduced as a separate bill and re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
I object to its being offered as an amendment
to this bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now call the
previous question on the bill and pending
amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen will now in-
dicate such amendments as separate votes are
desired upon.
Mr. DAWES. I call for a separate vote on
the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Farssworth] to my amendment, and
upon it I shall ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. FARWELL. I call for a separate vote
on the amendment striking out the appropria-
tion for the marine hospital at Chicago.
Mr. NIBLACK. I ask for a separate vote
on the motion to strike out, the judiciary
deficiency appropriation.
Mr. HOLMAN. The amendments are not
very numerous, andperhaps it would be bet-
ter, in order to avoid misunderstanding, that
they should all be read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair accepts the
suggestion. The amendments will be read
seriatim, and those upon which a separate
vote is not called for will be considered as
concurred in.
The amendments were read.
Mr. FARWELL called for a separate vote
on the amendment striking out the following
paragraph:
For completion of the building for marine hos-
pital at Chicago, Illinois, $77,383 89; and for grading
and fencing, $13,987 5; and to make good the dam-
age done to the building and loss by fire, $14,060 50;
in all, $105,431 44.
Mr. PETERS. I desire to say, with the
consent of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfield,] that that paragraph was struck
out on my motion. 1 am perfectly satisfied
upon investigation that it ought to remain in
the bill.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now read
the paragraph which the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Holhas] reserved the right to move
to strike out.
The Cierk read as follows:
For three months' extra pay to the officers, non-
commissioned officers, musicians, and privates en-
gaged in the military service of the United States in
the war with Mexico, who served out the term of their
engagement, being a reappropriation of this amount,
which was carried to the surplus fund June 30,1856,
and June 29, 1863, and is now required in the settle-
ment ot the accounts pending in the office of the
Second Auditor, $50,000.
The question being taken on striking out the
paragraph, there were—ayes 39, noes 45; no
quorum voting.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. This interests
gentlemen on the other side as much as it does
us. If they wish it struck out, let it be struck
out.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
it will be struck out.
There was no objection.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now read
the paragraph which the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Niblaok] reserved the right to move
to strike out.
The Clerk read as follows:
For defraying the expenses of the courtsL of thfc
United States, including the District of Columbia,
for jurors and witnesses, and expenses of suits in
which the United States are concerned, of prosecu-
tions for offenses committed against the United
States, for the safe-keeping of prisoners and for the
expenses which may be incurred in the enforcement
of the act of February 28.1871, for the four months
ending June 30,1872, $1,000,000.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to strike out the
paragraph just read, and on that motion I cali
for the y"eas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 72, nays 100, not voting
68; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur
Bamuin, Beck, Bell, Biggs, Bird, Braxton, Bright
James Brooks, Caldwell, Conner, Critcher, Cross
land, Davis, Dox, DuBose, Duke, Eldredge, Ely,
Forker, Henry D. Foster, Garrett, Getz, Golladay,
Ilaldeman, Hambleton, Hancock, Handloy, Hanks,
Harper, JohnT. Harris, Hereford, Holmtui, Kerr,
King, fiamison, Leach, Lewis, Manson, Marshall,
McClelland, McCormick, McHenry, Mclntyre, Me-
Kinney, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell,
Morgan, Niblack, Eli Perry, Price, KandaU, Read,
Edward Y.Rice, JohnM. Rice, William R. Roberts,
Sherwood, Slater, Sloss, Storm,Terry, Tuthill, Voor-
hees, Warren, Welis. Williams of Jiew York, Win-
chester, and Wood—72. , .,, T. . -(1 ,
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Avcrill, Banks, Barber,
Barry, Beatty, Beveridge, Bigby, Bingham. Auspn
Blair. Buckley, Bsffinton, Burchard.Burdett, Benja-
min F. Butler, Rodenok R. Butler, Cobb, Coghlsm,
Oonjrer Creely. Dawes, Donnan, Duel!, Lmnnell,
Farnsw'orth. Orwell, Finkelnburg Charles ioster.
Wilder D Foster, ifrye, Garfield, Halsey, Harmer,
Havens, Hawiey, Hay, Hays, John W. Hazeiton,
