1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
615
ber that there would not be time to pass an
act, probably, to readjust matters.
Mr. MORTON. That would be a reason,
then, so far as Vermont is concerned.
Mr. HAMLIN. The same is true in relation
to Maine.
Mr. MORTON. The same is true in relation
to Maine, and I think it is the same in relation
to Ohio.
Mr. HAMLIN. If the Senator will let me
state the case, it is a little stronger in relation
fo Maine. Our constitution prescribes when
our election shall be held, and aye shall be
obliged to change our constitution to meet this
provision, and if the Legislature were con-
vened they could not make the change.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the case in Ohio.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then we should be com-
pelled to have two elections instead of one.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from Maine
will allow me to suggest to him tliat Congress
having the power to fix the time of election, a
law ot' Congress enacted in pursuance of con-
stitutional power being the supreme law of the
land, that overrides anything in the constitu-
tion of Maine.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am not denying the power
of Congress to fix the time ; 1 am only stating
the inconvenience of this provision going into
effect at that period of time. Ii ought to be
further ahead.
Mr. THURMAN. But you do not have to
change your constitution.
Mr. HAMLIN. Certainly we would have
to change the constitution or hold an addi-
tional election. That is what I mean.
Mr. MORTON. There is no question about
the power of Congress to make this provision
that the election shall be held upon a certain
day in November; but my point is that there
is no machinery now provided for by law,
either by the State or by the General Govern-
ment, under which that election can be held,
and it would have to go by default in my State
and in other States, unless the Legislature
comes together and makes provision; and so
in Vermont, and so in Ohio. For these rea-
sons the amendments of the committee should
not be adopted.
It occurs to me that section five of the House
bill should not be enacted into a law, and be-
fore this discussion is over I shall move to
strike out that section. It provides:
That no State shall bo hereafter admitted to the
Union without having the necessary population to
entitle itto at leastone Representative according to
the ratio of representation fixed by this bill.
In my opinion it would be improper to pass
a general law concerning the admission of
States into the Union. We have never been
governed by this principle in the admission of
new States. Several have been admitted that
had not the population requisite for one mem-
ber of Congress under the existing apportion-
ment, and the Constitution recognizes the fact
that States may have a population too small
for that, and provides that every State shall be
entitled to at least one Representative. The
circumstances which sometimes demand the |
admission of a State are such as to overrule
the fact that the State may not have population
enough to entitle it to one Representative
under the general apportionment. The condi-
tion of a Territory is anomalous, and there are
reasons why every Territory should be allowed
to come in as a State as soon as it has got such
a population as can reasonably sustain a State
government and is surrounded by such circum-
stances as to give assurance that a State will
grow up and become matured and be entitled
from its strength to a position in the Union as
a State.
I believe there have been one or two errors
committed in regard to the admission of States;
I think one or two have been admitted too
early, and that their subsequent growth has
not justified the anticipations at the time of
their admission; but that does not affect the.
general proposition that the question of admit-
ting new States into the Union should depend
in every case upon the particular circumstance
surrounding the Territory. It is important
that these appendages, these anomalies to our
system of Government, should exist no longer
than is necessary. It is better for the Union,
it is better for the country, that every Terri-
tory should come in as a State as soon as
the circumstances surrounding it will warrant
it, in the judgment of Congress. I shall there-
fore submit a motion to strike out the fifth
section.
Now, Mr. President, a few words upon
another subject. The apportionment of rep-
resentation should always be made upon fair
grounds, without reference to party, I suppose.
I agree to that. It is a constitutional duty
devolved upon Congress, and should be exor-
cised in the best possible and the most liberal
and impartial manner; but I submit that it is
within the spirit of the Constitution at least
that as our population increased, the repre-
sentation should increase. 1 submit that the
representation in the other House should come
down as nearly to the people as possible, and
that each member of Congress should have the
smallest constituency that is compatible with
the transaction of business in tbat body and
with its efficiency. I submit that a member
of Congress can represent better and more in-
telligently one hundred thousand people than
he can two hundred thousand, and therefore,
as that was intended to be the popular branch,
and each State was to have Representatives
according to its population, the representation
should increase with the population at least up
to within a certain point. There may be a
point beyond which it cannot be carried com-
patible with the efficient transaction of the
public business; but two hundred and forty-
three, two hundred and eighty-three, or three
hundred, in my opinion, is not up to that point.
The House of Commons for many years has
been composed of from six hundred to six
hundred and fifty-seven members, and there
are State Legislatures, I believe, that have a
larger number in the lower house than three
hundred. I think Massachusetts has. Am I
not correct?
Mr. HAMLIN. Not now; two hundred
and fifty.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is nearly cor-
rect. The house there consists of two hun-
dred and forty members.
Mr. MORTON. It formerly had more than
that. So far as the mere cumbrous character
of the body is concerned as an objection, it will
not be reached when we bring our House up to
three hundred, and three hundred Represent-
atives is not a large number tor forty million
people, and by the time the next census is
taken they will be required to represent fifty
million people. A change will not be made
within the coming ten years, but population
will go on increasing, and it is safe to say that
the number of Representatives prescribed by
this bill will be called upon to represent the
interests of fifty million people before we shall
next legislate on this subject. Therefore the
increase of representation is in the direction
of the spirit of our institutions and the proper
interpretation of the Constitution. I think the
bill presented by the House gives a low repre-
sentation ; I would rather see it three hundred
than two hundred and eighty-three, aud I am
not sure that I shall not make _ that motion
before we finally vote upon this bill; but I am
now considering the question of the amend-
ment of the Judiciary Committee, which pro-
poses to continue the number of Represent-
atives at two hundred and forty-three.
Mr. President, I desire to say—aud I can
say that, I think, without being considered
unreasonably partisan—that the committee's
amendment is a very unfair discrimination
against the Republican party. The Senator
from New Jersey [Mr. Frelixghuxsen] has
referred to the fact, and I shall be excused
therefore for showing that the Senate amend-
ment goes out of its way, it seems to me—I
may fairly say it goes out of its way—to
make an unfair discrimination against the
Republican party. I have got a little table
here that I will run 'over. I do not include
in it all the States that the Republican party
may fairly be presumed to carry in the next
election. There are somo three or four doubt-
ful, with the chances in its favor; but I will'
enumerate those that the chances are alto-
gether in favor of its carrying next year. I
will first enumerate the States that I suppose
the Republican party will carry, and show,
first, the gains under the House bill.
Under the House bill Massachusetts will
gain one, New York oile, Now Jersey two,
Pennsylvania two, North Carolina one, South
Carolina one, Mississippi one, Arkansas one,
Ohio one, Illinois five, Michigan three, Iowa
three, Wisconsin two, California one, Minne-
sota one, Kansas two, making twenty-eight.
Under the House bill there will be a Repub-
lican loss of two members; that is, there will
be a loss of one fiom Vermont and oue from
New Hampshire, which, taken from the twenty-
eight, will leave twenty-six. Under the House
bill Maryland will gain one, Virginia one,
Georgia two, Alabama one, Kentucky oue,
Tennessee one, Texas two, and Missouri five,
making thirteen. Deducting thirteen from
twenty-six and it leaves a net gain of thir-
teen in favor of the Republican party under
iiie House bill.
Now, under the Senate amendment how will
it stand ? The Republican party will probably
carry the States that, I shall now enumerate.
New Jersey under tlio amendment will gain
one, Illinois two, Michigan one, Iowa two,
Wisconsin one, California one, Minnesota oue,
and Kansas one, making ten that the Repub-
licans would probably gain under the amend-
ment. Then under the amendment Georgia
will gain one, Texas one, and Missouri two,
making four. This would probably be a Dem-
ocratic gain. Deducting those four from the
ten Republican gain, leaves a Republican gain
of six.
Now wo come to the losses. Under the
amendment Maine would lose one, New
Hampshire one, Vermont one, Massachusetts
one, Rhode Island one, Connecticut one, New
York three, Pennsylvania two, Ohio two—
thirteen. Taking four from the thirteen and
it makes a loss of nine to the Republican
party, which, added to the thirteen you would
gain the other way, makes a difference of
twenty-two electoral votes and twenty-two
members of Congress.
If the House Bill was uotafair oue ou every
principle, wo could not ask the Senate to go
for it, whatever advantage it might be to _ the
predominant party; but it is a fair one ; it is
more just on every principle than the Senate
amendment, aud there is a difference between
the two of just twenty-two electoral votes and
twenty-two members of Congress.
This, sir, is all that I have to say at this
time.
Mr. PATTERSON.^ Mr. President, there
is a curious incident in our history quite in
keeping with the remarks which have dropped
from the Senator from Indiana. After the
Convention of 1787 had concluded its labors,
and was about to rise and submit its work to
the people of the United States for their ac-
tion, Washington, the president of the Conven-
tion, rose and stated that there was one point to
which he wished to call the attention of the
Convention in which he thought their work was
defective. He said they had provided that tlie
ratio of representation should be forty thou-
sand, and he thought the representation would
not be large enough if forty thousand people
weie lequired to elect a Representative. On
this suggestion of Washington the ratio of
representation was cut down to thirty thou-
