1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2409
held so." I send to the Clerk the Globe
containing proceedings of the1 first session of
the Thirtieth Congress, and ask him to read
the paragraphs marked 011 page 1081. I call
special attention to the point of oider made by-
Mr. Cobb, of Georgia, and to the ruling of
Speaker Winthrop, to the appeal taken, and
to the fact that the Speaker was sustained by
the House.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Mr. Conger, from the Committee on Printing,
reported the following resolution:
Resolved, &c.. That the joint Committee on
Printing be, and they are hereby, authorized to sit
during the recess of Congress in order to carry out
the intention of the joint resolution directing the
manner of procuring theprinting for the two Houses
of Congress, approved August3,1846: Provided, That
no pay be allowed for anything beyond the actual
necessary traveling expenses of said committee in
coming to and returning from the capital in per-
formance of the duties of said committee, and the
usual per diem while thus engaged.
" [Great disorder and excitement.]
"Mr. Cobb, of Georgia, made the point of order
that the report was not in order, the privilege
given to the Committee on Printing to report at
any time, being confined to the ordinary routine
of their duties, the Question of the propriety of
printing documents, their nature and character,
&c., did not authorize them to make such a report,
44 Mr. C. J. Ixoehsoll denied the power of the
House to communicate any such authority as was
proposed. There was no such power in Congress.
"The Speaker stated that the rule of the House
provided that the Committee on Printing might
report at any time.
"Mr. Cobb, of Georgia, appealed from the decision,
and demanded the yeas and nays on the appeal.
"Mr. He.vley asked the gentleman to withdraw
the appeal lor a moment, and allow him to say a
word. Ho thought heoould convince the gentleman
in a moment that the report should be adopted.
"Mr. Cobb declined to withdraw.
44 The Clerk read the rule which authorizes the
Committee on Printing to report at any time.
The Speaker stated the question. The Chair un-
derstood the gentleman from Georgia to claim for
the Speaker the discretionary power to say what
character of reports the Committee on Printing might
make under their general leave to report at any
time. The Chair overruled the point of order, and
disclaimed any such power. The rule was express
that the Committee on Printing might report at any
time, without reference to the nature or character
of the report/'
Mr. BEA-TTY. Now I will ask the Clerk
to read from pages 511 and 512, Globe, second
session Thirty-First Congress, 1851, and call
special attention to the fact that Speaker
Cobb was the same gentleman who, in 18-48,
appealed from the decision of the Chair when
precisely the same point was in controversy,
and to the further fact that his ruling was
sustained by the House. .
The Clerk read as follows:
" Indemnity to the Public Printer.
" Mr. MoWillie said: Irise to a privileged ques-
tion. I am instructed by the Committee on Printing
to make a report on the memorial of Thomas
Ritchie in reference to the public printing, asking
for a settlement of his accounts for the printing of
the present Congress, at areduction of fifty per cent,
from the price of 1819. I submit the repoit, and ask
that it may be read.
" Mr. Bi'rt said : I rise to a point of order. I sub-
mit that a report on the memorial of a private indi-
vidual is not a matter of privilege; the Committee
on Printing have not a right to submit the report as
a privileged motion over the reports of other com-
mittees ot the House.
"The Speaker. The Chair overrules the point of
order uiade by the gentleman from South Carolina.
The rules of the House authorize the Committee on
Printing, without restriction, to report at any time.
The Chair will state that this quest.on was raised
during the last Congress, and was overruled by the
Presidio t? Olfioer of the House at that time.
" Mr. Burt. I would usk the Chair to state what
that report was. If there is no precedent. I cer-
tainly shall appeal from the decision of the Chair.
"The Spkakeb. The case alludedtoby the Chair
was not a repoit on the memorial of a private indi-
vidual in relation to the public printing. The Chair
now recollects that the question of order was raised
on an application on the part of the committee to
appoint a clerk during the recess of Congress, or some
such matter as that. The" decision of the Chair is
placed upon the ground that the rules of the House
authorize the Committee on Printing to report at
any time, without any restriction as to the subject-
mattcrfurther than that it shall be a legitimate mat-
ter before them for their consideration. The Chair,
tiiorelore, rules this report to be in order under the
rales of the House.
"Mr. Built. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair, and I ask that the report be read, that the
House may .-ee whether it relates to a matter of pub-
lic busing, or to the rchof of a private individual.
" Mr. McL vne. of .Maryland. I deoire with the
permission of the gentleman from South Carolina to
call the attention of the Chair to the fact that a sim-
ilar resolution was reported from the Committey on
.rrinuriff at the lastsessionofCoogress, andreceived.
as^ a. privileged motion,
The bFhAKKK, I)ebate is not in order. The
gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. McWillie] rises
and proposes to make a report, from the Committee
-bating, ot a joint resolution tor the re-
lief of lhotnas liitchie on the subject of the public
printing, the report being founded, as stated by the
gentleman from Mississippi, ou a memorial from the
Publio Printer. The gentleman from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Burt] submits, as a point of order, that
under therules of the House the gentleman from
Mississippi is not entitled to make tins report as a
privileged question. The Chair o^en ales the point
of order upon the ground that the twenty-first rule
of the House provides that it shall be in order for the
Committee on Printing to report at any time. The
rule places no restriction whatever upon the subject-
matter to be reported; and in the opinion ot the
Cnair it is limited only to the fact whether or not
the subject be legitimately before that committee.
" Mr. Toombs. Is the appeal debatable ?
4*TheSpKAKEit. It is not.
''Mr. Burt. I desire that the Speaker should
inform the House whether I am right in my suppo-
sition that under the rules, although the committee
may be authorized to report as a matter of privilege,
it is for the House to determine whether the matter
reported by that committee may be a matter of
privilege.
" The Speaker. The Chair does not exactly com-
prehend the suggestion made by the gentleman from
South Carolina. The Chair bases his decision upon
the ground that the rules of the House provide that
the Committee on Printing may report at any time.
They can report at any time upon such matters as
are legitimately before them.
"Mr. Ore asked that the thirtieth joint rule might
be read.
" The Clerk read the thirtieth rule as follows :
"'The committee, consisting of three members
of the Senate and three members of the House of
Representatives, shall be chosen by their respective
Houses, whiohshallconstitute aCommitteeon Print-
ing, which shall have power to adopt such measures
as may be deemed necessary to remedy any neglect
or delay on the part of the contractor to execute the
work ordered by Congress, and to make a, pro rata
in the compensation allowed or to refuse the work
altogether should it be inferior to the standard, and
in all cases the contractor and his securities shall be
responsible for any increased expenditure conse-
quent upon the non-performance of the contract.
The committee shall audit and pass upon all accounts
for printing; butno bill shall beacteduponforwork
that is not actually executed anddelivered,and which
they may require to be properly authenticated.'
" Mr. Burt inquired whether debate was in order.
" The Speaker. The Chair thinks not.
"Mr. McLane, ot Maryland, moved to lay the
appeal from tile decision of the Cnair on the table.
"Mr. Burt demanded the yeas and nays on that
question, and they were ordeied.
"Mr. Ashmun inquired whether the report was
based upon a memorial that, had been referred to the
committee?
" The Speaker. It wasstated so by the chairman,
by the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. McWillie J
"Mr. Burt asked to have the resolution referred
to read, in order that the House might determine
whether it was a private claim.
" The Clerk lead the report and joint resolution,
as follows:
"The Committee on Printing, to whom was re-
ferred the memorial of Thomas Ritchie, a party to
the contract of William M. Bfit, to execute certain
classes ot the printing of Congress, asking that some
arrangement may be made by which he may be
suitably compensated, report the following joint
resolution:
" Itesolvcd. That William M. Belt, the contractor
for executing the second, fourth, and fifth classes of
the printing for the Thirty-First Congress, be. and
he is hereby, relieved from the terms of his contract,
and that in lieu of said terms be shall receive as
compensation for the work he has already executed
under said contract, payment at the rate of one half
th& prices paid for the p'ublic printing under the
joint resolution of 1819; and that he shall faithfully
execute the remainder of his work by said contract,
and be paid for it at the same rate: ProoideU, Tne
said William M. Belt shall notify the Secretary of
the Senate and Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives, within five days from the passage of this reso-
lution, of his acceptance of and agreement to its
terms.
" Jtesolved, That the executive powers and duties
of the Committee on Printing, as defined in the sec-
ond section of the joint resolution directing the man-
ner of procuring the printing for the two Houses of
Congress, approved August 3,1840, be, and the same
are hereby, conferred upon the Secretary of the
Senate and Clerk of the House of Representatives;
and in case any inconvenient delay should be at any
time experienced by either House in the delivery
ofits works, said Secretary and Cierk, respectively,
shall be authorized to employ another printer to
executc any portion of the work of the Senate or
House, and charge the excess in the account of said
printer for executing such work, above the price at
which either of the present pi inters have agreed to
execute u, to the printer guilty of such negligence
or delay.
" Mr. Stkvkns. of Pennsylvania. I submit that
tiii* cannot be th«a resolution referred to by the gen-
ii.n.an from. Mississippi. This joint resolution was
stated to be for the relief of Thomas Ritchie; and
i f solution has reference to a man named Belt,
l ask that the other bo read—the one that has refer-
ence to Ritchie.
The Speaker. This is the resolution reported
lroin the Committee on Piloting; and the question
is upon laymg the appeal taken by the gentleman
from bouth Carolina [Mr. Burt] from the decision
of tue Chair on the table. The Chair, in giving: its
decision just now, did not gt&te that the case to
which he referred was in reference to the appoint-
ment of a clerk; and in order that any misappre-
hension may be coirected, the Chair will read the
passage from the Journal:
"'August 14,1848. Mr. Conger, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, reported the following resolu-
tion :
Renolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the
join t Committee on Printing be, and they are hereby,
authorized to sit during the recess of Congress, in
order to carry out the intention of the joint resolu-
tion directing the manner of procuring the printing
of the two Houses ot Congress, approved August 3,
1840: Provided, That no pay be allowed for any-
thing beyond the actual necessary traveling ex-
penses of said committee in comingto and returning
from the Capitol in the performance of the duties
of said committee, and the usual per diem while
thus engaged.
" | The resolution was read; when
"'Mr, Howell Cobb raised the question of
order that the rule authorising the Committee on
Printing to report at any time "contemplated
the expenditure of the public printing," and that
in reporting the said resolution the committee had
transcended its power, and therefore the resolution
was not in order.
^ 'TheSpftAKBRdecidedtheresolution was in order.
'From this decision Mr. Cobr appealed ; and
"'The question being put, 44 Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as thejudgment of the House,"
44 * It was decided in the affirmative—yeas 111,
nay<? 37.'
"Mr. McLaxb, of Maryland. I desire that the
Chair may further state whether a precisely similar
report was not received a.s a privileged motion at the
last session of Congress?
" The Speaker. The report was received, but no
report was made at that time, and no decision was
made upon the auestion.'5
Mr. BEATTY. Here we have the decisions
of Speaker Winthrop and Speaker Cobb, both
sustained by the votes of the House, affirming
" that the lule which provides that it shall be
in order for the Committee on Printing to re-
port at any time, places no restriction what-
ever upon the subject-matter to be reported,"
and with it we have the opinion of the latter
that the right to report 44 is limited only by the
fact whether or not the subject, be legitimately
before that committee.'5 Sow, to come down
to a more recent period, I send to the Cleik
the Globe of second session Forty-First Con-
gress, and ask him to read the paragraphs
marked on page 3118, and call special atten-
tion to Mr. Speaker Blaine's statement " that
the Committee on Printing is authorized to
report at atiy time. It is for the House to say
what they will do with the report, but the
Chair is unable under the rules to prescribe
what they shall report.7'
The Clerk read as follows :
" Tributes to Abraham Lincoln.
*'.Mr. Laflin, from the Committee on Printing,
reported back, withau amendment, a joint resolution
(S. It. No. 77) authorizing the distribution of the
copies remaining m the Department of State of the
Tributes of the Nations to Abraham Lincoln.
 "Mr. Scofikld. Is that a privileged report? It
does not relate to printing, but to the distribution of
donations to members. Is the committee authorized
to report at any time anything except bills and res-
olutions for printing?
" The Speaker. This resolution was referred to
the committee, andthe rule states that the Commit-
tee on Printing is authorized to report at any time.
It is for the House to say what they will do with the
report, but the Chair is unable under the rules to
prescribe what they shall report."
Mr. BEATIT. I desire also, in this con-
nection, to direct tbe attention of the House to
tli e fact that the resolution above referred to
was not a matter of printing bat a matter
simply of distribution, and that the distribu-
tion proposed was unusual, for it directed the
Secretary of State to send a portion of the
volumes to public libraries, and^"to such
persons as in the judgment of the Secretary it
shall seem proper." It provided for the dis-
tribution ot certain documents under the di-
rection of the Secretary of State, just as the
bill which I sought to introduce proposed to
distribute certain documents under the direc-
tion of the Postmas-ter Geneial.
