1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
617
House of Representatives is more favorable
to my own State than the amended bill as
reported by the Judiciary Committee, I am
perfectly convinced that the measure of the
Judiciary Committee is more equitable and
more consistent with the requirements of the
Constitution; in other words, it is a fairer
bill; it obeys the injunctions of the Constitu-
tion more nearly than does the bill that came
from the House of Representatives.
Any Senator who will reflect for a moment
will see that it never could have been the inten-
tion of the framers of the Constitution that
you should get absolute mathematical equality
of representation according to population. If
my friend from New Hampshire will pay me a
little attention for a moment on that subject,
as he is a mathematician, he will see what my
idea is, and that it is sound. It never could
have been intended that you should get abso-
lute mathematical accuracy in the distribution
of the representation, because that would re-
quire that the population of the States should
be divisible by a common divisor.
Mr. PATTERSON. Allow ine a word. I
never supposed you could get it exactly; but
I will suggest a way in which you can approx-
imate to it much nearer than you can by the
present rule. Suppose you take the whole
representative population of the country and
divide it by any number that you propose to
have in the House, and get the ratio. Then
find the nearest ratio of the population of the
States to that ratio, either above or below it,
and it will give you the nearest approximation
to a just representation of the State. The
ratio of representation in the State may be a
little above or a little below the ratio obtained
by dividing the whole representative popula-
tion of the country by the number which you
have designated for the House.
Mr. THURMAN. I am not ignorant of
that plan. It is set forth with all its merits
and some of the objections to it ina pamphlet
of Mr. Walton, which has been printed, a
gentleman from Vermont, who has manifested
great knowledge on this subject and very great
astuteness upon it, too, and whose labors are
of value in considering the question. But I
think it is perfectly demonstrable that that
plan is open to the very same objections which
may be urged against this plan. In that plan
as in this some States get more representation
than they are fairly entitled to mathematically,
and some States get less, because the difficulty
is inherent in the subject; it cannot be avoided.
Therefore, the framers of the Constitution, in
providing for representation in proportion to
population, required that we shall arrive_ at
the nearest point of practical equality which
we can attain. That they did require. We
must obtain the nearest point of practical
equality between the States according to their
population ; but we are not bound to attempt
that which is clearly impossible.
It is upon this principle of obtaining the
nearest practical equality that the representa-
tion of fractions has always been allowed from
the very first apportionment down to this day.
They have been represented always; and why
so ? Because a fraction might be so large that
it would be great injustice to a State that that
State should have that fraction thrown away;
for the rule must be one way or the other: re-
ject all fractions or consider the large fractions.
Now let us see how it would be if you reject
ail fractions. Take a single State, the State
of Maine. I will take the calculation made
under the fourteenth amendment, which is the
only constitutional calculation that has been
made on the subject, at page 8 of the Senate
committee's tables. Rearing in mind that the
basis of the ratio is 157,109, we find that
Maine has a fraction of 152,149, within five
thousand ofthe basis of the ratio. Would it not
be monstrous that Maine should have that frac-
tion thrown away and not have a Represent-
ative for it? It would certainly be monstrous.
And when we give here a representation for
that fraction, we do nothing but substantial
justice; we give here a representation as nearly
proportioned to population as the nature ofthe
subject will admit.
Now, let us take another case the opposite
of that. Take New Hampshire. Upon this
same basis New Hampshire has two members
and a fraction of only 1,45-1. Of all the States
of this Union New Hampshire is exactly that
one that has the largest representation in pro-
portion to her population, for she has the
smallest fraction—I believe it is the smallest
of all—only 1,451. Will anybody say that
New Hampshire ought to have a Representa-
tive for 1,451 people or less than three hun-
dredvoters? Noonewillsaythat. Thereport
of the Senate committee is that which of all
others does exact justice to the State of New
Hampshire, and if the other States had frac-
tions no greater than New Hampshire the
Senate bill would be nearly perfection itself.
She of all States has the least right to com-
plain.
Mr. President, I wish now to call the atten-
tion of the Senate in a few words to some facts
in regard to these various propositions. Tt Will
be found upon an examination of the House
bill that the House proceeded without any
respect to the fourteenth amendment. They
ignored it. Whether ornot that is all right in
the House, which has a large majority of Rad-
icals in it, I do not know, but they did: they
ignored it entirely. When it came before the
Senate committee, we concluded to look into
that subject and see what would be the effect
if we paid respect to the fourteenth amend-
ment, and therefore we made two calculations,
after having resolved to recommend that the
House should not be increased beyond its
present number of two hundred and forty-three;
one based upon the population just as the
House took it, without makingany deductions
as required by the fourteenth amendment, and
the other based upon the population after
making the deductions required by the four-
teenth amendment. And now I must say in
regard to those deductionsthatwhile it is true
that the Secretary of the Interior and the
Superintendent of the Census say that but lit-
tle reliance can be placed upon the enumera-
tion of the persons who are denied the rightof
suffrage for other causes than treason or
other crime, yet they do say (and an examina-
tion of the table will show it) that the table
which gives the persons disfranchised is about
as accurate as statistics generally are, and it
will be found upon an examination of it that
it is pretty substantially fair to the different
States. However, that becomes of no import-
ance now, because of this singular fact, that
whether you take the House bill and make
a calculation upon the actual population,
ignoring the fourteenth amendment, or take
the fourteenth amendment into account and
make the proper deductions under it, or
whether you take the bill as reported by the
Senate Judiciary Committee and calculate
upon the whole population, or calculate upon
the population after making the deductions
required by the fourteenth amendment, it
docs not make one iota of change. That is
to say, if you take the House bill there will
be two hundred and eighty-three members,
and no matter which basis of population you
take they will be apportioned in precisely the
same way to the States as they are in that bill.
So, too, if you take the Senate substitute of
two hundred and forty-three, the number of
members is precisely the same, whether you
calculate upon a basis that ignores the four-
teenth amendment, or whether you take that
amendment into account.
And there is another singular fact, that
upon either calculation the number of frac-
tions is precisely the same, namely, seven-
teen; and a still further singular fact, that the
seventeen States that get the fractions are pre-
cisely the same seventeen States in each case.
It is very fortunate that it is so, because it
enables us to decide this question exactly
right, precisely right, as the Constitution
requires it to be; and it enables us to take
either the two hundred and forty-three or the
two hundred and eighty-three, as Congress may
decide, without doing injustice to any State
whatever, so far as the representation of frac-
tions is concerned.
Mr. President, that being the case, and pass-
ing by these other amendments as of minor
importance, the main question before the Sen-
ate is this: shall the House of Representatives
consist of two hundred and eighty-three mem-
bers, or shall it consist of two hundred and forty-
three members ? Upon the debate that took
place, I th'nk nearly two years ago, on the
bill which then passed the Senate, and which
fixed the number of members at three has
dred, but to which the House dissented——
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let me correct my friend.
The House did not dissent; it did not act.
Mr. THURMAN. That is very nearly the
same thing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is quite a different
thing.
Mr. THURMAN. If they had been very
much in love with it I suppose they would
have acted. I confess that 1 voted for that
bill. I confess, further, that I made a little
speech in reply to my friend from Kentucky,
[Mr. Davis, J and it was a very feeble reply to
a very strong speech, in which I advocated
tha higher number of three hundred; but I
voted for the bill upon the distinct declaration
that I was in favor of that bill because it would
enable the States to elect Representatives to
the Forty-Second Congress under the new
apportionment, and that under it no State
would lose in its representation. That was an
important consideration with me, and I voted
for that bill. Subsequent reflection has led
me to think that on the gcnerel question of
whether the House ought to be increased in
number, the views that 1 then expressed were
hardly as sound as I could wish them to he.
I have improved a little by reflection on that
subject, and I hope I shall continue to do so
on every subject upon which I have time for
reflection.
Mr. MORTON. You have not improved
on the subject of adjournment. [Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. Wait till you read my
speech and then you will see on that subject.
[Laughter.]
Now, Mr. President, let us see whether we
can go on increasing the House in proportion
to the increased population of the country.
The Senator from New Hampshire called at-
tention to the fact that upon a suggestion of
Washington, the minimum jjopulation to en-
title persons to a Representative was put at
thirty thousand instead of forty thousand. He
certainly would not contend that we should
take that basis now. What representation
would that give in the House of Representa-
tives if we were to take that as the present
basis ? It would make the House to consist of
twelve hundred and seventy members. Cer-
tainly he is not in favor of that, and I do not
understand him to be in favor of that. That
shows very well that we have outgrown that
provision in the Constitution. Nobody will
pretend that we should ever approximate even
thirty thousand as the basis of the ratio. Wo
are now thirty-eight million people. If we
increase in the same ratio in which we have in-
creased from 1790 to this day, in fifty years we
shall have over one hundred millions of pop-
ulation ; in one hundred years we shall have
considerably over two hundred millions of pop-
ulation. Can you go on with even such aratio as
that now provided? Where would your House
of Representatives be? It would be way up to
two thousand members—1 speak now without
calculating—-way up to a number utterly im-
practicable for the transaction of business.
Tbere must he, then, some limit.
While I agree that the smaller the constit-
uency of a Representative is the more likely
