1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1513
ance to many of us in this House. When it
was before the last Congress I opposed it. I
believed that it was a bill which ought not to
pass. I believe now that it is a biil which
ought not to bo enacted into a law.
My reasons, Mr. Speaker, for opposing this
bill, very briefly stated, and independent of all
the special circumstances which surround the
measure, are that I am opposed to all subsi-
dies granted by the Federal Government to
any cox-poration. I do not care upon what
plea they come hero ; I do not care how spe-
cious an argument they may make, it is always
in the interest of individuals and against the
interest of the whole community. It is the old
struggle of the few against the many. It is
simply an application on the part of a few
men to bo allowed to take from the common
property of all the people something that is
of value to the people. It is only a land
grant or subsidy in legal effect and in fact.
The island is not the property of Congress;
it belongs to the people. It is valuable; worth
millions. It contains one hundred and twenty-
eight acres, and occupies a position of great
national importance.
It is therefore_, in my view of this case,
entirely immaterial whether the thing here
proposed to be granted be land that is arable
or cultivable or only barren rocks. If it be
anything of value to the people of the United
States, I am opposed to granting it to this
railroad company. That this island is a thing
of value, I take it no gentleman will question.
That it possesses a great intrinsic value to the
Government,both in our present and prospect-
ive relations, certainly no gentleman will deny.
It is variously estimated by public officers,
entirely unprejudiced and disinterested, to be
worth from two to five million dollars.
This company come here with this applica-
tion after the uiunificentbenefactions they have
received from the Federal Government, first,
in a land grant of over ten million acres, and
then in a subsidy of nearly thirty million dol-
lars, and now they ask that we shall give them
one half of this island, equivalent to two or three
millions more. Why do they want oue half
of one hundred and twenty-eight acres of laud
on which to erect the depot of an ordinary
railway company? Sixty-four acres certainly
are not needed for the purposes proposed by
this bill. If they were modest enough to come
here and ask for a grant which would simply
accommodate the legitimate purposes of depot
buildings for a railroad company, there would
be more propriety in it. But then, as well as
now, I should esteem it my duty to oppose it.
But that they deem this island to have more
value than the mere use for a depot,, is appa-
rent from the fact that they ask the Govern-
ment to give them half of it, not the mere
possession for the location of their buildings,
but one entire half of this island. Remember,
this is in the immediate vicinity of the great
commercial metropolis of our Pacific coast.
Its present value is intrinsic and immense;
but its value and importance in the future are
simply incalculable. It will be utterly wrong
for us to give away such property upon the
mere request of a great corporation.
There is no railroad company, Mr. Speaker,
in our country, except a few which during the
last few years have become the pets and favor-
ites of the Federal Government, that has ever
ventured to come here and ask this kind of
favor, or any such special grants and privileges
at the hands of all the people. Yet there are
all over the country railroad companies that
are incomparably poorer in every element of
corporate power than this company is, and
they are compelled, whenever they desire to
extend" their road or to erect their depots, to
purchase the right of way, to purchase the
location, and to pay for them as other honest
people pay for what they enjoy in any relation
of life or business in this country. It~is to
this entire system of special grants and special
privileges that I object. They constitute no
part of the proper and legitimate functions
of the Government. In my judgment, this
bill involves a clear excess of power, as well
as palpable violation of correct principles on
the part of Congress.
I can see no difference in principle between
this proposition and the one the House rejected
the other day from Wisconsin. If there be
any difference, it is against the proposition now
before the House, because in that case there
was an antecedent grant of lands and a par-
tial construction of the road, and no subsidy,
and the only application then made to the
House was to extend the period of time for
the completion of the failroad, in order that
the company might enjoy the advantages of
the grant after the first period had expired ;
but this company comes here after having en-
joyed the advantages of magnificent grants
and subsidies, and asks an additional, original,
and most valuable grant.
But we were told by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Mercur] who spoke yes-
terday that this is only a grant of the use of
half of this island. Let me invite the atten-
tion of gentlemen to the fact that the bill
grants the perpetual use of half of this island
to the company. It is a grant of a use without
limit of time and without compensation of any
kind. It is therefore in legal effect, and in
every result that can ever attend the grant,
precisely equivalent to a legal grant of the fee.
That is all there is in it. It is fully, in every
respect, as advantageous to this company as
if it were an unqualified grant of the fee of
half the island. This attempt by words to
conceal purposes cannot succeed.
It may be replied to this that there are con-
ditions attached in the bill, as offered by the
gentleman from New York, the chairman of
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, in
these words, "and this grant shall continue
so long as the said premises shall be used by
said company, its successors and assigns, for
the purposes above named, and no longer;"
and " that this grant is upon the express con-
dition that the Government of the United
States hereby reserves the free use of the whole
of said island for military purposes during war,
when deemed necessary by the President of the
United States."
Thex-e is simply a reservation by the Federal
Government of the right, during war, to the
entire use of this island when deemed neces-
sary by the President. That in no way im-
pairs the value of this proposed grant to this
company. It is simply a complete and per-
petual grant, to be interrupted only in the ex-
ceptional ease of war, when it is the opinion
of the President that the half of it granted to
this company is necessary for the purposes of
war. It is equivalent, I submit, in every essen-
tial respect to a complete gift of this valuable
part of the public domain of the country to a
private corporation.
That this island possesses very great intrin-
sic value to this Government in its future rela-
tions to the commerce of the western coast
and to public security, admits of no question.
As a military position, capable of being fort-
ified, and one which may be used for many
now unforeseen purposes of the Government,
it is of inestimable importance. We may well
confess that we cannot foresee its future im-
portance, and let it alone. It does not become
us, at the expense of the people, to add to the
overshadowing power of this corporation. It
is too great now. That brotherhood of cor-
porations built up in the Northwest already
threatens the safety of our institutions. Let
us not magnify their power by another subsidy.
I am therefore opposed to taking any part
of it, cither by this kind of grant or by a
lease, or in any other way, and giving it to
this corporation. I will ask the Clerk to read
a resolution introduced the other day before
the common council of the city of San Fran-
cisco on this subject.
The SPEAKER pro tempore,
(Mr. Dawes
in the chair.) The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. KERR. I would like to have the res-
olutions read before I take my seat. They
simply state the opinion entertained in San
Francisco on the subjeet of this grant.
I Mr. HOLMAN. I will allow it to be read.
| The Clerk read as follows:
\ "Mr. Forbes offered the following resolution;
I which was laid over one week by consent:
; "Whereas an effort is now being made to grant
i possession of Yerba Buena or Goat Island, in tho
j bay of San Francisco, to the Central Pacific Rail-
j road Company; and whereas we are profoundly con-
! vinced that such a concession on the part of the
| United States Government would cause serious and
, permanent injury to the interests of this city and
\ county, which represents nearly one half of the tax-
i able wealth and one fourth of the population of the
i State of California, by giving into the hands of a
I corporation the control of the commercial location
} of the warehousing and whariing of this port, thus
i working great injury to the producers and consumers
of the entire coast: Therefore,
" Be it resolved, That out Senators and .Represent-
atives in Congress be, and they are hereby, earnestly
and respectfully requested to oppose the passage of
any act having in view the granting of either per-
manent or temporary possession of Goat Island, or
any part thereof, to any corporation or corporations
lor terminal or any other purposes, as the interests,
not only of the port of San Francisco, but those of
the entire Pacific coast, will suffer from the evils of
a monopoly of commercial facilities which would
thereby reside in the hands of a few individuals."
Mr. SARGENT. No such resolution as
that ever passed the common council of San
Francisco or the Legislature of California, and
the gentleman knows it.
Mr. KERR. I know that: but it is now
pending there, and the gentleman knows it.
Mr. SARGENT. Any stock-jobber can get
anything pending here in this Houso, but it
would not necessarily represenipublic opinion,
and the gentleman knows it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Hay] for five minutes.
Mr. HAY. Like the gentleman from Indiana
who has just addressed the House, [Mr. Kerr,]
and the gentleman from Indiana by whose
courtesy 1 now hold the floor for five minutes,
[Mr. Holman,] I am opposed to granting any
further land or other possessions of this Gov-
ernment to any railroad company. The auda-
city of this bill is well attested. You cannot
get from the Committee on Commerce an
appropriation for the smallest harbor or most
obscure river, however trifling the sum, any-
where in the United States, without first hav-
ing a survey made, and a recommendation by
some officer of the Government making the
survey that a certain amount of money should
, be appropriated.
I Here, in the cass of this proposed grant of
one half of this island, worth $2,500,000, to
this railroad company, a board of United
States engineers made it their business to go
there and examine it, and they reported in the
most emphatic, indeed in repeated form, that
not one foot of this island should ever be
parted with by the Government of the Uni-
ted States. In that solemnly considered report
of theirs to the Government they say that not
one particle of this island, or a title to the
use of it, should ever be parted with by the
Government; yet without even an opportunity
given here for the consideration of this bill—
for that was the manner and mode contem-
plated by the gentleman who introduced this
bill, for he in the first place objected that any
amendment should be offered to this bill; in
other words, that there should be no consider-
ation of it whatever—it was attempted to force
this bill through this House.
The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Vcoxt-
hees,] who addressed the House tho other
day on this bill, said that this island was noth-
ing but barren rock, nothing but a set of
rugged cliffs and crags; that it could not be
used for agricultural purposes. Why, sir,
no one ever expected that this small island
of one hundred and twenty acres shonld be
used for agricultural purposes. But the fact
that it is within two miles of the great city of
San Francisco, that it is right there in the
