1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
565
42d Cons....2d Sbss.
Uniform, Rates of Transportat 'on—-Mr. Kendall.
Ho. of Reps.
commissioner of the State of Minnesota for
1872 on this very point:
"Great complaint has been made against the
Winona and St. Peter Railroad Company, for mak-
ing unjust and burdensome discrimination in their
freight tariffs against certain places. Last year this
company discriminated so much that thousands of
bushels of wheat were hauled by the producers
from fifteen to twonty-five miles away from the
railroad stations to places on the same road, and
there sold to buyers, who, in many instances,
shipped it back the next day past the door of the
very farmer who had raised the wheat, and had
been obliged to haul it twenty-five miles from his
nearest station to escape the discrimination. This
caused a most unjust and cruel tax upon tho farmer
without any advantage to the railroad company
which imposed the burden.
"Other complaints have been made that the
freight tariffs fixed by the railroad companies are
so high that in some instances agricultural products
and merchandise can be hauled with teams at
cheaper rates than charged by railroad companies.
" When grain and other kinds of produce raised
by the farmer command low prices, at the best
barely paying for the labor and expense, then such
grievances are extremely aggravating and demand
redress.
" The average tariff prices on the Winona and St.
Peter railroad is three and eight tenths cents per ton
per mi'e on wheat. Prom Rochester to Winona the
charge is six cents per ton per mile. Prom St. Charles
the charge is seven and one tenths cents per mile.
Prom Owatonna, where a competition exists, the
charge is only two and six tenths cents per ton per
mile. On wheat alone the city of Rochester, on tho
amount shipped for the year ending August 31,1871,
paid this road $11,000 more than was reasonable, it
we adopt the price pro rata charged from Owatonna,
which is ninety miles from Winona, while Rochester
is but fifty miles.
" Supposing only half of the wheat raised in Olm-
stead county was shipped at Rochester, and the other
half at other stations, the farmers of this county
lose not less than $22,000 annually on tlieir wheat
crop, by the unreasonable charge for transportation.
On the Hour shipped trom Rochester $(516 75 more
have been paid than the same road would have
shipped the same amount for from Owatonna; or if
the same pro rata charge had been made, it would
have cost $1,713 20 le&s to have shipped the same to
Winona.
" Thus on wheat and flourthe people of Olmstead
county pay the Winona andSt. Peter Railroad Com-
pany annually $23,713 20 more than a reasonable
transportation tax on wheat and flour. Or. if we
adopt tho average rate charged on this road, still this
county pays some six thousand dollais more on
wheat and flour than an average rate.
" The amount of wheat shipped from St. Charles
on the Winona and St. Peter railroad during the
year ending August 31, 1871, was 8,644,050 pounds.
The freight last year was twenty per cent, more than
it is this year, but at the present rates it would cost
$#,864 05 to transport the same to Winona, while if
the same pro rata tariff was adopted as Irom Owa-
tonna it would only cost $3,144 72, thus showing a
loss to St. Charles of $5,519 33 in one year on wheat
alone; or it we adopt the average rate charged on
the whole road, still St. Charles pays about forty-
ono hundred and sixty-lour dollars more annually
on wheat alone than an average duty.
"In addition to the above there is a charge of two
cents on each bushel of wheat, which attaches to it
on its arrival at Winona for elevating and handling.
This is less objectionable, for there should be a
terminal charge applying to all alike, no matter
wnat the distance.
" In the above no computation has been made for
any other freight than wheat. What the whole loss
sustained by the above district is, we have not the
means to tell; nor have we the time to follow up
this with other examples of injury done by this dis-
crimination. They are not isolated cases, and if the
system is right, and the railroads have the power, as
they claim they have, every non-competing point in
tho State is subject to the same.
"When the State came into the possession and
ownership of these roads, the conditions and restric-
tions of the constitution, so far as the delegation of
her sovereign power to an agent for the purpose of
effecting the condemnation of private property for
public use is concerned, immediately attached. All
the main roads now in operation in the State have
received their powers and franchises from the State
since the adoption of the constitution, and among
these powers the States had delegated to them,
one of the most important is the power to condemn
private property for public use. The constitution
provides as follows in section four of article ten:
" k Sec. 4. Lands may be taken for public way for
the purpose of granting to any corporation the fran-
chise of way for public use. In all cases, however,
afair and equitable compensation shall be paid for
such land, and the dama ges arising from the taking
of the same; but all corporations being common
carriers, enjoying the right of way in puiouance of
the' provisions of this section, shall be bound to
carry the mineral, agricultural, and other produc-
tions or manufactures on equal and reasonable
terms.'
"Most of the charters provide thatfreightshall be
transported at reasonable rates, and therefore these
roads are bound by that condition as a part of the
contract, but the constitution provides that the rate
shall be equal as well as reasonable.
"There may be some question as to the extent of
the application of this term 'equal/ whether afair
interpretation would not bind each company to
charge the same price per ton per mile for the same
class of freight from one point on its line as from
another; but there can be no doubt that it prohibits 1
or restrains each company from charging a greater
price for transporting the same kind of freight over
its line for the less distance than it does for the greater
distance; that it prevents and prohibits discrimina-
tion against places.
" It appears to be the universally settled doctrine
that no railroad corporation can acquire the right
of way except for a public use, and by the exerciso
of the delegated authorities of the State in the con-
demnation of private property.
" Then it follows that no power exists in the cor-
poration to prevent, either by prohibition or dis-
crimination, any person or place from tho full and
impartial enjoyment of the benefits derived from the
public use, and that it is as much the duty of the State
to protect all of its citizens in this right as it is to
see that the taxes are assessed equally and impar-
tially.
"The exercise of the power of condemnation of
private property admits tho use to tho public. The
admission of the use to tho public guaranties to all
the full and impartial enjoyments of all its benefits.
"' The public use implies a possession, occupation,
and enjoyment of the land by the public or public
agencies.' And there could be no protection what-
ever to private property if tho right of the Govern-
inent to seize 4 and appropriate it could exist for
any other use/ And further, 4 the common high-
way is kept in repair by assessments of labor and
money; the tolls paid turnpikes, or the fares on
railroads are the equivalents to these assessments,
aud the latter are equally public highways with the
others, when open for use to the public impar-
tially." (Cooley's Constitutional Limitations, pages
251 and 353.)
"We are told that there is no remedy for these
evils—that the roads carry from the competing
points for less than cost.
"If this be true, then, as prudent business men,
careful of their own interests as they are, they make
up losses by an extra tax upon the interiorpoints.
" Establish by law a fair and just tariff of prices
from all points, and whenever railroads enter upon
stiuggles to break down competition they must do it
at their own expense, and not at the expense of the
producers who happen to reside at a distance from
the points of competition.
" There may be serious doubts whether competi-
tion, as it is claimed, works a permanent advantage
to any community, or can be relied upon as a pro-
tection. It may in some instances operate asa tem-
porary advantage. Stephenson savs: 'Competition
has answered no useful purpose. Like poverty, the
mother of invention, competition has invented the
remedy, amalgamation;' and whenever this does
take place the charge w as much more than reason-
able as it was less during the struggle.
"A distinguished Englishman says: 'The Amer-
ican public ought never to be satisfied until they
arc able to calculate on fixed, moderate prices for
freight, and fixed periods for its delivery.' * # *
x * 'A system which will place the various
lines of railways in a position to carry any amount
of freight which may be offered with certainty,
regularity, and dispatch, at fixed, reasonable, and
economical rates of charge, is not only needed for
the advantage of the railways themselves, but for
the prosperity and advancement of the country.
" The value of the produce depends upon it; and
consequently the success of the cultivator and the
value of the land. On all these depend the im-
migration to the West, and the flow of capital, which
will be sent there to promote its cultivation and
development. The future of the Westdepends upon
its means of communication with the East; and^the
success of its means of communication with the East
is, I believe, expressed in a few words—such as
prompt and economical delivery, in a fixed time and
at afixed price."'
The following editorial from the Elko Inde-
pendent of May 13, 1871, will give some idea
of these oppressive discriminations as they
exist in my own State:
"In a paper published in San Prancisco, we re-
cently noticed an advertisement informing the cit-
izens of that city that they could purchase coal
brought from the Rocky mountains—two thousand
two hundred and forty pounds to the ton—tor $14 25
cash per ton; and in a leading journal we read as
follows:
" 4 Rocky mountain coal, which is selling at four-
teen dollars per ton in San Prancisco. brings $22 50
wholesale at Virginia City, Nevada, which is two
hundred and fifty miles nearer the mines.'
"In Elko, which is over six hundred miles nearer
the coal mines, during the past winter coal was dis-
pensed to our citizens at fifteen dollors per ton. The
Central Pacific Railroad Company could pa s Elko
with its cars loaded down and freight the same ar-
ticle to San Prancisco, a distance of over six hun-
dred miles, and coal could then be delivered in that
city at less rates than it could be laid down and sold
in the town of Elko 1 Perhaps if the road were ex-
tended several hundred miles beyond its present
western terminus, the company would be willing to
freight the same commodity, which oould then bo
sold at that point for a still lower price.
"The company not only shows its wish to meet the
wants of its patrons at a distance in preference to
those located along its line in the freighting of coal,
but the same principle of action is observed in eqany
other branches of its daily transactions. A late
number of the Sacramento Union contained the fol-
lowing, the reading of which should receive the can-
did reflection ot all classes who have at heart tho
general interests of the people of the Pacific coast.
It says:
"'The Stato of Nevada, with the Territories of
Utah, Idaho, Montana, and Arizona, contains prob-
ably nine tenths of the silver mines of this conti-
nent. Mining for the precious metals must always
be the staple industry in that part of the country.
Whatever aids this industry in discovery and devel-
opment is to be hailed as for the common benefit.
The building of railroads connecting these mining
regions with the sea-ports of the Atlantic frnd Pacific
received some of its strongest arguments from this
consideration. The' failure of the one road already
in operation to meet the general expectations of
benefits to accrue therefrom to the mining interest,
is among the bitterest and most mortifying disap-
pointments the public has experienced from thegen-
erous aids bestowed upon it.
" * The railway has done hardly anything to pro-
mote or cheapen mining. It has acted toward the
State of Nevada and tho Territory of Utah the part
of a cruel and avaricious step-mother. Let us give
one example to illustrate this cruelty, which, though
not having special reference to the mining interest,
explains the general policy pursued by tho carrying
monopoly wherever it has no rival in the carrying
trade.
"' The Central Pacific Company charges two cents
and a, halt a pound for carrying wool Irorn San Fran-
cisco to New York or Boston. What share of this
falls to that company is not material to the explana-
tion we are giving. It is a reasonable rate of trans-
portation, but it is forced from the company, because
it they charged more the twenty million pounds of
wool, the annual clip of California, would go by Cape
Horn and the Isthmus routes; besides, it pays to
carry that much freight even at the low rate of fifty
dollars per tou. It ought to pay to carry it at th.e
same rate per ton per mile from any point east.of
the Sierra Nevada mountains,' because the mount-
ains present the most expensive section on the whole
route.
"' But the company refuses equal rates to the wool-
growers of Nevada and Utah. In fact, they charge
a higher rate from places in Central Nevada—ihreo
hundred and seventy-fivo miles east of San Pran-
cisco—than from San Prancisco. It costs four ceuts
per pound to transport wool from Winnemueca to
Now York, and only two and a half from San Pran-
cisco to New York. The wool-growers of the valleys
of that part of Nevada actually find it to their in-
terest to ship their clip from Winnemueca three
hundred aud seventy-five miles to Sun Praneiseo,
and then from San Prancisco back through Winne-
mueca, than the rates exacted from Winnemueca
direct to New York or Boston !
"'This is a monstrous discrimination against the
State of Nevada, and it is of a kind with tho policy
of tho company with the great mining interests of
the interior. The country has simply granted the
corporations—tho Northern, Southern, aud Central
Pacific—a chartered right to plunder these new com-
munities at will. The public interest demands that
this policy shall be broken down as soon as practi-
cable. Congress has the power to fix a scale of rates
beyond which these companies shall not be allowed
to go, and the reform eamnot bo loo soon/
" Preight over tho Central Pacific railroad has
long been and is now shipped from San Prancisco
to points hundreds of miles eastward of Elko and
laid down at less prices than the company will
ship the same description of goods to Elko. The
question naturally arises, why should such a state
of affairs exist ? The railroad company should en-
deavor to render justice to all parties on whom they
aredependentforsupport. Wehope.witn the Union,
that the next session of Congrees will take up this
matter in good earnest, and give the people of Ne-
vada and Utah the rel ief the public welfare demands
that they should have from the oppressions prac-
ticed upon them.
"The company should not be allowed to dust the
eyes of legislation by reasonable charges on through
freight while it is destroying the business of the
helpless interior hy such an unjust system of over-
charging on way freights at different points, freight-
ing at favorite distant places at a much lower rate
than at others of much less distance. The manage-
ment of the Central Pacific Railroad Company has
been so glaringly unjust as at length to call the
earnest attention of business men to the subject. A
correction of this practiced system of partiality is
seriously called for. The public good demands it.
The company should take immediate action in the
premises and at once remedy this great evil.
"In relation to the condition of the present state
of affairs, a member of one of our leading business
houses has handed us the following for publication :
"'The matter complained ot is this: Palisade is
receiving freight from western points at a lower rate
than Elko. At the first glance this seoms proper
enough, as the distance is some thirty-three miles
less; but look atthe inconsistency and injustice of the
company's course. It is well known that the com-
pany transports freight not only to Toano, ninety
