4202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
Bat. if we leave it open, other Senators feel
bound to attend. The worst of the night, ses-
sions is a night session confined to particular
bills, so ■ that all .Senators not interested in
them feel exonemted from coming. I hope
t)«s Senator from California will not put on
that, condition. 1
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The Chair
will take the sense of ike Senate. Does-tile
Senator from California object? •'
Mr. CA8SERLY. I hare a reason for that
suggestion of mine which 1 hope the Senator
from New York will appreciate. This evening
we came here to attend to bills from one com-
mittee, and before we got through the Calen-
dar of that committee another- bill, foreign to
that committee, was pushed m here. I do not
refli-ot at all upon the manner of bringing it
forward, but it was brought forward and it cut
out that committee for the rest of the evening,
and brought up a subject for debate which may
consume ibe whole evening. I merely wish to
pieveut i.lie possibility of that occurring on
Wednesday Ti ght.. That is all.
Mr. FuUNGHUYSFJN, This evening was
set aside for the Committee on Claims. There
was no arrangement, made that I heard of, that
it was to be restricted to (ho business of that
committee, and no such arrangemont has been
announced. I further say that I supposed the
business of that, commit lee was done, as tlie
Chair also did, before 1 called up the cattle
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair so
announced
Mr. KKliLlNGHUYSEN'. But it was not
pushed in in any way, but was moved m an
orderly, senatorial maimer, and I do not sub-
mit. to the stiictures of tli« Senator from
California, and 1 notify him that whenever
there is an opportunity to leich up that bill 1
shall call it, up.
Mr. CASSERLY. I took some pains—-
Mr. PKA.IT. is it in orderLodemand that
the vote tie announced't
Tlie PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. PRATT. 1 dernaud that the vote be
announced,
Mr. SPENCER. I hope the Senator from
Indiana will yield to mo lor a moment.
Mr. CASSifiRLY. Is it the intention of the
Senator from Indiana to deprive moot a word
in reply ?
-Air. PRATT. Certainly not.
The PRESIDING-OFFICER. By unani-
mous consent ■ ins is being proceeded wiih.
Mr. GASSBRLY. I took some pains to
disclaim in advance any reflection on the Sen-
ator fiou New Jersey. It was not therefore
at all lii.s cue to get up and assume such an air
of valor without I be (.lightest necessity lor the
ptitposo of lepelling What he culls stricturea
that 1 did not make and that, 1 did not think
of making. I expressly said that 1 dtd not
intend to reflect at alt upon the manner ot his
bringing forward tue bill. Now, sir, if the
Senator is not satished with that, 1 take back
my disclaimer.
M«. lilKLlNOllUYSEN. The Senator
from California distinctly accused me of vio-
lating au understanding ol the Senate, and
the ttrin that he used was tfiat m violating
that understanding 1 had pushed in a bill,
when neither of the charges was correct.
There is nothing about the Senator from Cal
ifornia that invokes lay valor iu the least. 1
have not,reached that point.
Mr. CASSEHLY. 1 do not remember hav-
ing used the woids violation of an under-
sanding;" and 1 do not wish to provoke the
valor, nor the want of it, on the part of the
Senator irom New Jersey, I wish him to
understand.
Mx-. PRATT. I demand the announcement
of the result of the vote on the motion to
adjourn.
ilie PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will announce the vote. ,
Mr. SPENCER. I ask the Senator frCm
Indiana to yield to me for a moment. I'have
a personal favor to ask. I am going away to
be gone-for two or' three days, and I should
like to have the Senate take up and consider
Senate bill No. 1157. I do not think there
can be any earthly objection to the bill. If
there i^t 1 shall hot presS it.
• Mr. PRAl'T. I insist on the announcement
of the vote.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not believe that
the Senator from Indiana will refuse to yield
to the Senator from Alabama.
Mr. PRATT. [ hope the Senate will re-
main in session long enough to consider a bill
from the Committee on Claims.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no ob-
jection be made, the Chair will entertain the
motion made by the Senator from Alabama.
Mr. COLE. Is it in order for me to change
my vote?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask the Senate to take
up Seriate bill No. .1157. There is uo objec-
tion to the bill.
Mr. STEVENSON. Let us have the vote
announced.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator calls for the announcement, of the vote.
The Chair must, make the announcement.
Mr. STEVENSON. I msist on the an-
nouncement of the vote.
'The PRESIDING OFFICER, (at eleven
o'clock and seventeen minutes p. m ) On the
motion to adjourn the yeas are 20 and the
nays are 18. So the Senate stands adjourned
to meet to morrow at eleven o'clock.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 4, 1872.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Praver by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Buiuiit,
d b.
'The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Stmpson, one of its cleiks, requesting
the return to that body of ail act (H. R. No.
2003) amendatory of an act approved March
2, 1800, entitled ''An act amendatory of ail
act to provide a temporary government lor
Montana," approved May 2, 1804;.
The message further announced that ihe
Senate had passed bills of the House of the
following titles without amendment:
An act (II. R. No. 40) for the relief of
Joseph A. Clay, of Philadelphia;
An act (II. 11. No, 114} lor ihe relief'of
the heirs of Lieutenant Colonel Humphrey M.
Woodyaid, late of the twenty-first Missouri
inlantry ;
An act (H. II. No.'357) for the relief of
Horace 13. Shepard, of Indiana ;
An act (H. R. No. ti3f>) lor the relief of
John A. Green;
Au act (11. R. No. 1419) for the relief of
Michael T. Gannett;
An act (H. it. No. 1420) for the relief of
F. li. Reed, of Bath, Maine;
An act (II. li. No. 1421) referring the claim
of the heirs and legal representatives of
Colonel Francis Vigo, deceased, to the Court
of Claims for adjustment;
An act (H. R. No, 887) for the relief of
Samuel Black and Albert R. Cooper;
Au act (H. R. No. 1274)-for the relief of
Thomas F. Spencer, of Indiana ;
An act (H. R. No. 1382) for the relief of
Alexander McArthur, of the city of Corunna,
in the State ot Michigan ;
An act (H. R. No. 1241) for the relief of
A. G. Booth, late assistant assessor in the
twenty-first revenue district of Pennsylva-
nia;
An act (H. R. No. 1261) for Ihe relief of
Thomas D. West, of Sandusky, in thfe Stafe
bf Ohio;
An act (H. R. No. 1899) for the relief of
William T. Bowers;
An act (11. R. No. 1942) for the relief of
D. C. Farrell, of Peoria. Illinois ;
An act (H. It. No. 2029) for the relief of
Charles Thompson, of New Orleans, Louis-
iana ;
An act (H. R. No 2032) for the relief of
Dr. John H. McQuown, of Illinois ;
An act (H. R. No. 2038) for the relief of
William M Stafford, late acting district attor-
ney for Montana Territory;
An act (H. R. No. 2162) for the relief of
T. P. Robb, of Savannah, Georgia;
An act (H. R. No. 2035) to provide for the
examination and payment of the claim of
Albert Grant;
An act (II. R. No. 2709) for the relief of
the State of Connecticut and other States;
An act, (H. R. No. 2788) for the relief of
Richard R. Boiling;
An act (H R. No. 2789) for the relief of
John J. Smith;
An act (H. R. No. 2791) for the relief of
William J. Clark, administrator of Gad E.
Upson, deceased ;
An act (II. R. No. 2890) for th« relief of
DwightJ. McCann;
An act (II R. No. 2888) for the relief of
Simeon Stausifer;
An act (II. R. No. 2885) for the relief of
John Miloue, postmaster at Uhricksville,
Ohio;
An' act (H. It. No. 2098) for the relief of
John W. Phelps, of Vermont; - •
An act (11. R. No. 2907) for the relief of
the Omaha National Bank ;
An act (11. R. No. 2911) for the relief of
Moritz Aii!>enstein; and
An act (II. li. No 2948) for the relief of
Lucy A. Baker and Mary A. Baker, children
of John M. Baker, deceased.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the House of the
following titles, with amendments ; in which
the concurrence of the House was requested:
An act (H. R. No. 1202) for the relief of
Charles Hipp, of St. Mary's, Auglaize county,
Ohio;
An act (H. R. No. 20-16) for the relief of
Theodore A dams;
An act (H. R. No. 2582) making appropri-
ations lor the payment of claims reported
allowed by the commissioners ol claims-under
the act of Congress of March 3, 1871 ; and
An act (H. it. No". 2807) for the relief of
Robert B. Williamson.
The message futther announced that the
Senate had passed hills of the following titles;
in winch the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (S. No. 198) for the relief of Warren
& Moore ;
An act (S. No. 377) for the relief of the legal
representatives of the late George T. Wiggins,
of Keokuk, in the State of Iowa;
An act (S. No. 403) for the relief of Rufus
Picket;
Au act (S. No. 063) for the relief of David
L- Wright,, late captain of company 13, fifty-
first regiment Indiana volunteers ;
An act (S. No 953) to payJam^s and Anna
S- Cameron for property taken and used by the
Army during the war ;
An act (S. No. 990) for the relief of Reuben
Goodrich ;
An act, (S. No. 983) for the relief of Mar-
garet B. Franks, heir-at law of Thomas L.
Franks, of Green B.iy, Wisconsin ;
An act (S. No. 160) for the relief of Darid
Braden;
An act (S. No. 1021) for the relief of A. W.
Moss;
An act (S. No. 1090) for the relief of William
L. Ctley ;
An act (S. No. 1142) for the relief of S. K.
Ward ;
An act (S. No. 1089) to reimburse the State
of Nevada for expenses incurred while a Ter-
