1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3307
And now, Mr. Chairman, you may knock
me down. - [Laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. There is a field in which my
colleague [Mr. Banks] is so inimitable that
no one will attempt to follow him, if for no
other reason than because nobody would ever
know where to begin. There is ail old maxim
which warns people not to jump before they
get to the stile ; it is said not to be safe to do
so. Now, if anybody could safely jump be-
fore he got to the stile, I think it is my col-
league; and sometimes I think he can jump
better before he gets to it than he can whea
he does. He says I have deceived him.
Mr. BANKS. No, sir, Mr. Chairman 
Mr. DAWES. After having refused me the
floor, 1 trust my colleague will not take it from
me. Nobody is such a perfect gentleman as
my colleague; and having refused to yield to
me when he had the floor, he certainly will
not endeavor to take it from me when I have
obtained it.
Mr. BANKS. I want to say that I did not
charge the gentleman with having deceived
me, for I voted the other way.
Mr. DAWES. Yes, I know; and I was just
going to allude to the fact. [Laughter.] _ I
cannot be mistaken in what my colleague said,
and the peculiarity of it, I thought, was that
when I deceived him it led him to vote against
me.
Mr. BANKS. Oh, no, I was not deceived.
Mr. DAWES. I am sure my colleague said
he was; but I cannot be further interrupted.
Mr. BANKS. Oh, no, I said he might
deceive other people.
The CHAIRMAN. When a gentleman
declines to yield he ought to be allowed to
proceed without interruption.
Mr. BANKS. Well, I will rise to a question
of order. It is not right for the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means to say that
I have charged him with deceiving me, for that
, would not have been in order for me to say ;
it would be a violation of order. I do not do
those tilings if I can help it; though the force
of example here is not as good as it might be,
yet it has not led me so far from propriety as
that.
Mr. DAWES. I am not surprised that my
colleague says he did not say so. He however
did warn the House that sometimes I spoke
as if I thought that I eould deceive the very
elect,. Of coarse that did not include him.
[Laughter.] I want to say that 1 have not
deceived him, and that I have not deceived
the elect. He says that I deceived him and
made him go against my bill and for Mr.
Kelley's bill, because I had put in my bill
a duty of four hundred per cent, on coal tar.
Sir, the truth is that the provision^ in relation
to coal tar is precisely the same in all three
hills. lie says I put a duty of four hundred
per cent, on coal tar, aud thereby have (iltnost
ruined the business in his district. Why, I
supposed that it would build it up if anything
in the world would.
'1 hat is pretty much all I wanted to say, to
show the House that my colleague went against
ever} thing that he complains ot finding in this
hill, and then got up here and said I deceived
him. Sir, I could not deceive him; I could
not have had it in my heart any more than I
could have had it in my power.
Now, in regard to this matter of pig iron,
from winch ray colleague lias led the House
off afier coal tar, with which it had no con-
nection whatever, when the time comes, and
v'hen ii is in onler to discuss the question why
'hu duty is placed upon coal tar, my dis-
'ni^-uintieil cull.-ague on the committee from
Peuns) lvania now walking in tront of me, [Mr.
ivELLUY,] and whose bill my colleague [Mr.
Baxks] voted for, will show him that it is in
tile bill which he voted for as well as in my
hill and in that of the majority of the commit-
tee. That is all that I desire to say.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Kerb, to strike out the words "six dollars"
and insert "five dollars" as the duty on pig
iron ; and being taken, upon a division there
were—ayes 86, noes 89.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. Kerb called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Kerr, and
Mr: Sherwood were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 66, noes 83.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Dawes, to strike out the line "on iron in
pigs, six dollars per ton."
Mr. DAWES. That leavesthe duty at $6,30
under the ten per cent. rule.
Mr. KELLEY. I understand that this ques-
tion will be open to discussion again when we
reach the provision relating to all kinds of
iron.
Mr. DAWES. Exactly.
Mr. COX. I move to amend by making the
duty $350. I beg at this time to read a state-
ment to which I referred a moment ago, which
was given by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Stevenson] in a former discussion:
"As an example of her (Pennsylvania's) amazing
prosperity under the protective policy, I refer to
page 18 of the Miners' Journal, where tho county
of Schuylkill, one of the richest mining regions,
sets herself forth. That paper says that in 1820
there were ten townships in Schuylkill county the
assessed value of the property of which was $2,227,-
521, and that the value of property in tho same
county now is $40,000,000."
I say it can be proved beyond doubt that this
increase of valuations in the State of Penn-
sylvania, whereby she has become so rich in
material wealth, being first in the Union in
that respect, and in population the second, is
owing to this system of bounties. She has
been paid like a pauper from the public Treas-
ury ; aud this, outside of her natural resources,
is the reason she has grown so rich at the
expense of the States of Maine, of New York,
and generally the agricultural and mechanical
industries ot this country.
Mr. Chairman, in this iron age iron is used for
almost everything—for sewing machines, for
needles, for steamships, for plows, and other
agricultural implements; for chisels; for every
implement used by the mechanic or the farmer.
The argument is urged here that iron is the
great demand of this age. Now, it that argu-
ment is used in order to keep up the high
price of iron, i say the proper deduction is
that we should cut down the price in order to
meet this great and increasing demand of the
century. If that argument be used for the
purpose of showing that iron should not be
high in price because of the general demand,
then 1 say we should cut down the tariff on
iron and give the largest market possible to it
throughout the whole world.
Gentlemen on the other side argue con-
stantly that our market should be restiicted
to this country. They say there are no monop-
olies here. Why not? What is a monopoly
as defined by the very best economists?
11' you give a man anywhere on this star a
special privilege by which he can undersell
another man, that is a monopoly to that ex-
tent. When you impose high taxes or tariffs,
ur give bounties, you create a monopoly. I
c ire not whether the market be between Penn-
sylvania and Ohio, or between New York and
Canada, or between Pennsylvania and Canada,
or between Scotland and the United States,
the economic principle involved is the same.
Every man ought to know that an enlarged
market must reduce the price of the commodity.
Now, what is the result of all this? Penn-
sylvania comes here by her distinguished,
able, and cunning representation, of which
yon, Mr. Chairman, [Mr. Scoi'ield m the
chair,] are the chief, and she saysto the United
States, "Do not undertake to interrupt our
industries." She puts a pistol to the breast
of the nation and says, " We demand more
and more bounty ; we must have nine dollars
a ton duty upon our great product." Because
we do not consent to be robbed, because ws
do not yield to her and grant these excessive
bounties, because agriculture from Illinois,
and commerce from Maine and New Yofl^
fight back against this pointed pistol, Pentt-'~
sylvania says, "Oh, you are making an attack!
upon us." The idea is that because we resist
this attack of the robber we are doing some
disservice to the cause of morality and econ-
omy.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, I have
always admired the ingenuity and research of
my friend from Now York, [Mr.Cox.] I have
always listened with interest to his speeches in
this House on the question of free trade ; and I
must say that he is a faithful and able represen-
tative of the great commercial interests of the
country. But I would remind that gentleman
that while we accord to him intelligence and
honesty, he must not assume a monopoly of
these great qualities. Other gentlemen on this
floor are his peers by law, if they are not in
fact; and they have the same right to their con-
victions of duty in regard to the interests of
this country that he or my distinguished friend
from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] has to his.
We differ from those gentlemen as wide as
the pole, and point with pride, as the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Burdett] did, to
actual facts, (the census returns read by him.)
These answer all the free-trade theories
ever written from Adam Smith down to S. S.
Cox. [Laughter.]
The gentleman from Indiana touched the
whole question of the iron iuterest when he
said in this debate that in 1860 the demand wa3
not equal to the supply, or there was a surplus
of product in the market. The Congress of
the United States imposed then a tariff which
was a tariff for protection for the manufac-
turers of Pennsylvania and of the United
States, as well as for revenue. The gentleman
to-day says that now the demand is far in ex-
cess of the production—that the production
cannot come up possibly to the demand for
years to come. If that be so, then I defy you
to put a tariff for protection, on that article.
A tariff then would be a tariff for revenue and
revenue alone. If the gentleman is correct
in that statement, I submit to the honest con-
viction of every man in the House that the
tariff on iron now is a tariff for revenue and
revenue only, and every dollar you reduce the
duty on iron to-day is a dollar out of the
Treasury of the United States. Pennsylvania
to-day could then bid defiance to all tariffs
in Congress. It is a duty now for revenue,
and the man who takes the duly off takes it
out of the Treasury of the United States, and
permits iron to come in duty free from abroad.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr]
says the demand exceeds the supply, and it
will take two years to bring them to an equi-
librium. Why do we wish to keep this tariff
up? We wish to keep it up to bring money
into the Treasury of the United States as
revenue. All the mills in the United States,
all the furnaces can produce will find a mar-
! ket. here, and we will of necessity import for
| one or two years. What more do we desire ?
! \ye des-ire to give stability to the manufactur-
! ins: interests of the United States. We desire
to encourage manufactures out in Missouri,
out in Indiana,down in the South, and through-
out the country. As was well said by the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Burdett,]
the wealth of the country is measured by her
power of consumption, and we wish sull to
increase that wealth.
The distinguished gentleman from New-
York [Mr. Cox] all the time speaks of com-
merce, commerce. What does the commerce
of the United States amount to?_ About six
per cent, of the annual productions ot iha
United States; and you will sacrifice all the
