1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1515
merit it is high time that we cease doling out
the public domain for the benefit of individual
corporations. I am not finding fault with what
has been done in the past, but I think we have
gone far enough in that direction.
[Her.- the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Beatty.]
Mr. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, if a private
citizen owned an island in San Francisco bay-
worth $5,000,000, and were to give it to the
Central Pacific Railroad Company, he would
be adjudged a fool by every member of this
House, for the simpls reason that the money
for which the island might be either sold or
leased could be used in a far better way.
Sensible men often endow colleges, found hos-
pitals, establish libraries, and build churches,
but I have never yet heard of one who bestowed
his fortune on a wealthy railroad corporation.
If this island, then, were the property of one
individual, we would not hesitate to teil him
that there were objects more worthy of his
charity than the Central Pacific Railroad Com-
pany. We could with a clear conscience tell
nim that it would be far better to use his money
for educational purposes, or to feed and clothe
the suffering poor, or to civilize the Indian, or
to help pay the national debt, than to give it
to a railroad corporation, which has no inter-
est in ihe donor except to'rob him, and no
ambition except to swell the dividends of its
stockholders.
Suppose the Pennsylvania Central should
ask tlie use of one hundred acres near Phila-
delphia, valued at §2,500,000, should we buy
it for them, or if we owned it should we give
it to them? Who would be benefiied if we
did—commerce; the country? I apprehend
not, Mr. Speiker. The donation would sim-
ply swell ihe gains of the successful gentlemen
who own the road.
Suppose the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
Company should ask us in the interest of com-
merce, of course, to give them one of the pub-
lic squares of this city for a depo-i. They
could, I have no doubt, convince you that if
the gift was made to them they could afford to
carry passengers and freight cheaper than they
have done heretofore. They could probably
show that it costs something to carry freight
from the wharf on the Potomac to their present
depot. They could present all the arguments
which have been urged m behalf of the project
now under consideration, but can any one
doubt that any grant of this kind winch we
might make would add to the gains of the
stockholders and not to those of the people?
They might afford by reason of our gift to carry
freight and passengers cheaper, but would
they? Corporations very rarely do what they
can afford to do; and you can rely only upon
their doing what they are compelled to do. If
railroad companies could be satisfied with
grants and subsidies, the Central Pacific should
be content; but the more you give the more
they want, and the more able tbey are to em-
ploy agents to engineer through Congress these
schemes of plunder.
It is said this island of Yerba Buena is rocky
and barren, but that does not make it any the
less valuable to a railroad. Railroads are not
planted under the surface like seeds; tbey
thrive best above ground. Why should we
give away rocks which are valuable, any more
than lands ? The very fact that this company
have year after year besieged Congress for this
grant is the best evidence that can be adduced
that the property they desire is of great value,
and being of great value, it should be utilized
for the people and notgiven to one corporation.
I am perfectly willing to allow the Central
Pacific to use part of the island, providing they
pay for it. I am willing also that the rental
shall be devoted to educational purposes in
California, or to the poor of San Francisco,
but I am unwilling that it shall go to swell the
dividends of a few men whom the Government
has already made rich. My amendment., fixing
the rental at $100,000, is based upon a valua-
tion of $2,000,000 for half of the island. We
are informed by good authority that if the
whole island were put up and sold at auction
to the highest bidder, it would probably bring
$5,000,000. A rental of $100,000 per annum
for half of it is therefore certainly not too
high.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now yield five minutes
to the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Car-
roll.]
Mr. CARROLL. As this bill is presented
to this House, and its friends ask that the
grant shall be made to the corporation in the
interests of commerce and for the good of
the company, it becomes us, the Representa
tives of the people, to see that the public
interests are well guarded in the making of
this grant.
The grant, although in terms it is one of
use, is a grant in effect of the land itself, sub-
ject simply to the limitation of the right to
resume the use of it by the Government (luring
war. So that it is a grant for all time, in per-
petuity, of one half of this island. It is con-
ceded on all hands that this island is valuable
for military purposes. It is said to be a lofty
rock looking down upon the harbor and city
of San Francisco, standing, in fact, in the very
gate of the entrance of that harbor. In such
a position it is valuable for military purposes.
I have proposed, as an amendment to this bill,
that the words "during war" shall be stricken
out, so that the Government may resume the
use of the property whenever it is necessary
for military purposes. It may well be that it
may become necessary to erect permanent
fortifications during time of peace. That cer-
tainly cannot be done during war. But it is
said that it will never be needed except in time
of war. If that be so, then this restriction
can do no harm to the company.
I have proposed also, and at the proper time,
if I have an opportunity, shall offer, another
amendment to this bill. It is amendment No.
3 in the printed list of amendments. I suppose
if this grant is made in the public interest and
for the benefit of commerce, it should be so
made as not to prove a monopoly in the hands
of this corporation alone. If other railroads
in the progress of time become necessary, as
they doubtless will, and if it becomes import-
ant to other roads that they should have
access to this island as a depot, they should
have free access or the right to use this prop-
erty, the use of which is granted by this bill
to this road. There is no reason why this
(government should grant to this corporation
any greater or better right of access to this
island, to use it for depot purposes, than to
any other road of equal importance. And
when any company hereafter may want to use
it, they should have the right to use the im-
provements made and to enter upon this island
freely, upon paying areasonable compensation
to the company which built the road.
Now, the provisions of this bill as it stands
require that any other railroad company, be-
fore they can use this property or enter upon
it, must first pay to this railroad company a
proportion of the cost of building its road and I
its improvements. Now, that may Jje enormous I
for a temporary or slight use of those improve- j
ments. But what would be just as well for j
the company, and what would guaranty the !
rights of other corporations that may desire j
to use it, as the Southern Pacific or other j
roads, is simply to require of any road which j
may desire to use it, the payment of a reason- i
able compensation for its use. Such grants j
are not unfrequent in the case of railroad cor- j
porations. It is provided in some of the States |
that any railroad company which desires to i
use any portion of another railroad shall be j
allowed to do so on paving a reasonable com- !
pensation. This amendment which I propose ,
is intended to secure that, so as to prevent I
this railroad from monopolizing the whoie use j
of the structures of this road when they are t
made. And I hope this House, before the
bill is passed, will so amend it as to make it
conducive to public utility alone and not in
the interest of corporations merely.
Mr. HOLMAN. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Crebs.]
Mr. CREBS. Mr. Speaker, in the short
time allowed me to speak on this bill of coarse
I cannot go into the history of it, or argue it at
any length, but there are two or three points that
present themselves to my mind that will influ-
ence my vote upon the bill. Some of the amend-
ments which have been proposed I shall vote
for; but I cannot vote for the bill even if those
amendments shall be adopted. The whole
case is in a nutshell. Here are one hundred
and forty-four acres of laud within a mile or a
mile and a half, certainly not exceeding two
miles, of the city of San Francisco, which
belong, as I claim, to the United States. It is
true, that there are certain parties who set np
a claim to the island, but whether it be a just
claim or not I do not know. But here comes
the railroad company to ask t'ne donation of
that island from the Government. We have
already given that railroad corporation forty
million acres of land; we have given them the
credit of this Government to the extent of
855,000,000, and now the company comes and
asks this island of the Government in order to
build a depot upon it.
This is asked here in the interest of com-
merce. We have a Committee on Commerce
in this House, and 1 have not heard that that
committee has recommended that the United
States shall grant this island to the railroad
company. But, sir, this company doe* not
come here in the interest of commerce, but in
its own interest, asking this island because it
is valuable to it. What the value of it is I
know not, but we do know that it is of exceed-
ing great value, or else this company could
not come from session to session at great
expense and ask Congress to give it to them.
Now, Mr. Speaker, whatever the value of
this island may be, just that value the Govern-
ment ought to get for it, no more and no less.
Is the time never to cease when this Govern-
ment must give away its property to railroad
corporations? We have been going on for
years and years past, and the people have been
protesting against the action of Congress in
giving away the public domain, yeft this House
do not stop in their forward movement in this
direction.
It is said that this is a small matter; that
this is simply a small rock in the bay of
San Francisco; yet we know that whether
it be small or large it is of value to this
Government and to the railroad company.
If it were not of value they certainly would
not come here and ask for it. _ It is only, as
I have said, a mile or a mile and a half
from the city, right in the harbor of San
Francisco.
It has been said here that this company can
build no other depot than one upon this
island. They have already extended their
dock to the deep water so that the navies
of the world can come up to their depot and.
unlade the freight which they desire to ship
over this railroa.d. But it is said that while
they can come there it costs more for insur-
ance than it would if they had a depot on
solid land. That is true ; there is no ques-
tion about that; but here is a railroad com-
pany that is able to build a depot. Let it
procure earth from the mountains near the
city and fill up the railroad track, and make
their own depot without coming and asking
this grant of Congress. They can do it them-
selves. But it will cost them a large sum of
money, aud if the Government of the United
States gives them this grant, of course it will
bo just, so much more money in the hands of *
this railroad company.
Mr. Speakex-, if the Government of the Uni-
ted States has no use for this island, let us
have a survey of it made by the War Depart
