1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
567
42d Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Hazelton.
Ho. of Reps.
conquer the colonies by the sword, endeavored
to do so by her free-trade policy. There was
no concert of action on the part ot* the col-
onies for the enactment of defensive duties,
and the infant manufactories that had sprung
up during the war were to a great extent
broken up by the great importation of goods
from foreign countries, and the greatest dis-
tress prevailed among the people.
Hon. Hugh Williamson, discussing the dis-
asters of the year 1786, says :
" The scarcity of money is so great, and the diffi-
culty of paying debts has been so common, thatriots
and combinations have been formed in many places,
and the operations of civil government have been
I have other extracts, bat the above is suffi-
cient to show the great distress then existing.
The Constitution was formed, a President
was elected, and the first thing Congress did
was to enact a tariff. Sir, the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] told us to-day that pro-
tective tariffs are unconstitutional. Now, sir,
I suppose the gentleman knows very much
move about the Constitution than the men who
had a hand in framing it! The following is
the preamble to the first tariff act, passed July
4, 1789. It reads thus:
"Whereas it is necessary for the support of the
Government, for the discharge of the debts of the
United States, and tbe encouragement and protec-
tion of manufactures, that duties be laid on goods,
wares, and merchandise imported," &c.
This first protective act was followed by
another of the 10th of August, 1790, largely
increasing the duties already imposed.
Yet, sir, notwithstanding this action of the
Federal Congress, composed iu part of men
who framed the Constitution, declaring ex-
pressly in favor of a tariff for protection, the
gentleman from Indiana tells this Congress
and the country that all such legislation on
the part of the peoples' Representatives is
unconstitutional! I prefer to follow in the lead
of the fathers of tbe Republic rather than the
gentleman irom Indiana, and shall always,
when the opportunity presents, consider it a
privilege and duty to vote for measures having
ior their object the protection of -American
industries. The action taken by the First
Congress was not sectional, but was in answer
to petitions from every State, not excepting
commercial New York and planting South
Carolina. The feeling-was so general that not
only one State but all the States combined to
ask Congress to pass a law defending them
against the cheap labor of the old country.
After the passage of these tariff acts trade
revived ; our manufactures sprang into renewed
activity. Here is an extract testifying to the
good effects of those laws:
" The happy results of this policy became imme-
diately apparent-—instantly, indeed, as soon as the
languishing industries felt the reviving touch of the
nation's iosteriug hand, because the confidence of
security has the power of credit to anticipate time-"
Mark the language, " as soon as the lan-
guishing industries felt the renewing touch of
the nation's fostering hand." All we ask to-
day, all that the men in favor of a protective
tariff have ever asked, is thatthepeople should
feel the u fostering hand " of the Government.
Washington, writing on this subject as early as
October, 1791, uses the following language :
'' In my tour I confirmed by observation the ac-
counts wbich we had all along received ot the happy
effects oi the General Government upon our agri-
culture, commerce, and industry. The same effects
pervade the middle and eastern States with the ad-
dition of vast progress m the most useful manufac-
tures."
Thus, sir, as tbe result of the first tariff act
tbe beneficial effects of the protective policy
were experienced. The duties were not so
high as those imposed by subsequent tariff
acts, but it will be remembered that shortly
after the passage of that tariff Europe was
engaged in a great war, and the Bank of Eng-
land suspended specie payments for twenty
years. Then wo had our war with England
from 1812 until 1814. Our manufactories
meanwhile increased, industry was fostered,
and we felt the beneficial effects of the build-
ing up of home industries.
"A congressional report of 1815puts our cotton
and woolen manufactures at more than sixty mil-
lions per annum, with above one hundred thousand
workmen employed."
After the peace in Europe there came again
in this country a season of depression ; again
tbe cheap goods produced by the pauper labor
of Europe flooded this country because of the
low rate of our duties. .1 have conversed
frequently with men who lived through that
gloomy period, and who transacted business
from 1816 to 1820; and they represent it as
the most despondent period of their business
career. The price of land was reduced to a
very low figure; every industry was paralyzed.
Such was the condition of the country that a
reaction took place and resort was again had
to the increased protective duties, by the pas-
sage of the tariff act of 1824. In 1828, with
General Jackson in the presidential chair,
there was passed another law which was more
largely protective in its character. What was
the result? Why, sir, the country prospered
as it never had before.
But in 1833 came the fatal compromise act.
The South threatened to secede; and in the
endeavor to appease that section the tariff act
was modified and its protective features were
greatly impaired. What was the result? The
gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Kellogoj
told you this afternoon. I remember that
period well, how the currency was depreciated,
and the kind of circulating medium then in
use. Why, sir, you could not travel from one
State to another without a discount on the wild-
cat money then used. The banks suspended,
and all over the country the results were most
deplorable. The farming interest in common
with others suffered severely. As one of that
class I can speak from experience. It was
almost impossible to find a salefor agricultural
products. Why? Because the manufacturing
interests of the country were broken down,
because our home markets were in a great
measure destroyed. There were no diversified
industries. Many of the operatives were obliged
to leave their factories and go to the prairies
of the West. Truly might it be said of those
times as was said by General Jackson of a
former period of our country's history in speak-
ing of the American farmers:
"Except for cotton, he has neither a horne nor a
foreign market. Take from agriculture in the Uni-
ted States six hundred thousand men, women, and
children, and you will at once give a home market
for more than all Europe now furnishes us."
This condition of things was exactly re-
versed. Our factories were closed and thou-
sands of men were obliged to seek employment
in agriculture; hence one great cause of the
distress and misery existing in the country at
that time.
Following this distressing period there was
such a political uprising as the country never
experienced before. The leading statesmen
of the times, Clay, Webster, Southard, and
many others, North and South, paiticipated in
the contest, and protection to American indus-
try was the prominent question before the peo-
ple. The tariff act of 1842 was the result of
this contest. Its immediate effect was to revive
every languishing industry of the country.
Mr. Chairman, I am now stating what every
one in this House who is familiar with the
history of his country knows to be true ; but
we seem in the haste and confusion of the
times to forget facts which are essential to
the proper adjustment of our tariff laws. It
was said long agu by one of America's most
patriotic sous ''that we have no means of
judging of the future but by the past,'' and
our experience proves that whenever ade
qnate protection has been extended to the
people all the industries in the country have
expanded and prospered: and reverses have
always followed the repealing of protective
duties.
But as soon as the industries of the country
began to be prosperous, and capital was flow-
ing freely into all the various channels of
trade, manufactures, and commerce, the tariff
tinkers began to try their hands again, and in
1846 the rates of 1842 were modified. But
the changes made discriminated in favor of
home industries, and the country still prospered
under the favorable circumstauces which oc-
curred during the existence of the tariff of
1846. The general scarcity in western Europe,
the famine in Ireland in 1848, the discovery
of gold in California, the Crimean war in
1853-56, coupled with the energy of the
American people, carried the country forward
successfully until 1857, when the duties were
again reduced, as was claimed, to a revenue
standard. The history of that period is fresh,
in the minds of the people of this country:
suspension of specie payments, general pr6s-
tration of business, and the increase of the
public debt in a time of profound peace. So
the close of the decade of 1860 found the
country in a deplorable condition, not only
financially but politically.
In 1861 the rebellion came, and it with the
Morrill tariff, again increasing the rates of
duties to protective figures, thus restoring the
industries of the country and carrying us
through the civil war, and now enabling us to
maintain our credit by paying $100,000,000
of our vast public debt every year. And yet,
with such glorious results growing out of our
present tariff, there are gentlemen on this
floor and throughout the country proclaiming
most lustily in favor of free trade and revenue
reform; and despite facts to the contrary, are
trying to prove that the people are taxed to
death.
Mr. Chairman, let us compare the two de-
cades ending respectively in 1860 and 1870.
1 believe we generally measure a man's wealth
and prosperity by his ability to command capi-
tal. Let us apply the rule to this country. In
1860, in a time of profound peace, the Gov-
ernment, with a debt of ouly $60,000,000,
wished to borrow a few million dollars,
and could only accomplish it by paying at the
rate of ten and twelve per cent, interest I A
year ago this Government wished to borrow
more than $100,000,000, and, notwithstanding
her debt was more than $2,000,000,000, she
effected the loan at five per cent. interest-
Does this indicate that the country is less pros-
perous to-day than it was in 1860? Again, we
have the census tables showing the increase of
wealth during the last decade. I ask the
Clerk to read the statement which I send to
the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Advance sheets have been received from General
Francis A. Walker, Superintendent of the Ninth
Census, embracing statistics of the wealth and
indebtedness of the country, arranged by States and
counties. From these it appears that the total real
and personal property of the United States was
$30,008,518,507 in 1870, as against $16,159,616,068 in
1860, and 47,135,780,&S in 1850. ,
" The percentage of increase in wealth during the
last decade is found by calculation to have been over
eighty-six per cent., notwithstanding the immense
diversion of productive energy during the war, and
the enormous destruction of property consequent
upon the war, including the conversion ot all the
slave chattels into men. Did any nation on the
globe ever show such marvelous expansion under
such uutoward oircuinstances 1
" But the losses of the rebellion bore with greatest
severity upon the States which participated in it. a
fairer test, therefore, of the growth made by the
country in the decade under consideration is ob-
tained by taking the figures for some of the repre-
sentative northern States. Let us look at Pennsyl-
vania.
" The aggregate wealth of this Commonwealth
was $3,808,340,112 in 1870. $1,416,501,818 in 1860, and
$722,488,120 m 1850. The rate of inciease (ruin 1860
to 1870 was, therefore, one hundred and sixty-eight
