APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 2,
Ho. OF PvEPS,
The Tariff—Mr. Hazelton.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
per cent., as agairst ninetj>six per cent, during the
preceding decade. The State thus grew rich nearly
twice as last during the ten years in which the ex-
hausting lour years' war occurred as during the
previous ten years. The one period was under a
protective tariff;' the other under a revenue or free-
trade tariff.
"In Vermont, an agricultural State, wealth in-
creased between 1860 and 1870 at the rate of one
hundred and nine per cent., and between 1850 and
1860 at the rate of thirty-three p.er cent. only. New
York State, where both agriculture and commerce
are greater interests than manufactures, gained two
hundred and fifty-two per oent. in wealth, during
the last decade, and only seventy per cent, in the
former one.
" The purely agiicultural States of the West show
almost as great an increase m the latter period. In
Illinois it was over one hundred and 1'orty-tbree per
een t.
" Even Maine, notwithstanding the much-lament-
ed lossot her ship-building, had Rained in 1870 eighty-
three per cent, on the total property owned in the
State in 1860, while the gain in the previous decade
was only fifty-five per cent."
Mr. HAZELTON, of New Jersey. It is
thus shown conclusively to every one but a
"'revenue reformer," that under the system
of protection we have increased in wealth in
an unexampled degree, notwithstanding four
years of the last decade we were engaged in a
war of a magnitude of which the world's his-
tory contains scarcely a parallel. In that war
nearly a million men were engaged oil either
side, not iu producing, but in consuming; not
in building up, but in tearing down and de-
stroying. And yet, sir, with such remarkable
evidences of prosperity, it appears to be the
determined purpose of some members on this
floor to destroy the very system of duties that
has brought such a measure of prosperity to
onr common country.
The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Keek,]
in his virtuous zeal for free trade, declared
on this floor to-day, " Shame, shame on
America," for not reducing her import duties,
in view of the fact that some of the nations of
Europe were reducing theirs. Mr. Chairman,
I hardly supposed that the theory of free trade
was so demoralizing as to itiduce one of its
advocates to thus disparage his country for
enacting and continuing laws which have so
greatly increased its wealth and material pro-
gress. Instead of crying "shame," 1 should
rather say "All honor to my country for thus
sustaining the scriptural doctrine of providing
for its own household."
Again, sir, the same gentleman is so un-
American m his feelings and sentiments that
his "honesty" compels him to denounce the
American manufacturers aa robbers, and roll-
ing in wealth from their ill-gotten gains, but
he has no reproachful words for tho titled
manufacturers ot the Old World, who have
amassed wealth and power from the labor of
men, women, and children, who have received
barely enough wages to eke out a miserable
existence! Sir, 1 hurl back this calumny on
the manufacturers of this country as a base
slander, and I appeal to the well-paid laborers
of the various manufacturing interests to sus-
tain men and measures which will forever pre-
vent the reduction of wages in this country to
a level with those of Europe.
It is a well known fact that the price of labor
has advanced in England. Why? Because
of the rapid advance made in manufactures
in this country, and the demand for skilled
laborers. Let us retain our present rate of
duties for another decade, and we shall do
much to lilt the laborers of Europe out of their
present "slough of despond."
Mr. Chairman, permit me to say a few words
in lelatiou to the condition of the laborers in
the farming districts of Europe. Two years
ago, Professor Cook, of the Agricultural Col-
lege of New Jersey, paid a visit to Great
Biitain and Europe, to make observations
with special reference to the condition of agri-
cultural industry. He found agriculture in a
flourishing condition, but the laboring popu-
lation in a state of abject servitude. In Scot-
land he found heads of families working for
two shillings a day, boarding themselves, and
living upon the coarsest food, having meat not
more than twice a week. And the condition of
things was the same in England, Ireland, Ger-
many, Belgium, and other European countries.
He extended his examination even to Nor-
way. He says that in journeying through that
country boys and girls would accompany them
from one post to another in order to return
in the stages; and their greatest desire was to
learn something of our language. They had
their books containing translations ; and they
were anxiously inquiring as to the character
of our language and country. The greatest
desire of the young men and women was to
accumulate money, in order that they might
come to this country ; and this was no excep-
tion ; the same feeling was manifest in every
country he visited.
Sir, why do these people wish to come to
America? Because heie labor is rewarded.
But if you reduce wages to a level with the
degraded and oppressed prices of Europe,
what inducements will there be for those people
to come to this country? We have felt pride
in considering our country a refuge for the
oppressed of other lands. [ say, then, reward
labor by living wages; protect all industrial
interests; and those poor people will still be
anxious to come to a land teeming with fer-
tility to assist in turning up our prairies and
adding to the productiveness of our country.
Protect American labor, build up diversified
industries, create a home market near the
producers, and the imagination of man can-
not foresee the glorious future of this country.
Sir, iu my district, I have a numerous con-
stituency from the Emerald Isle, that country
which was prosperous until the power and cu-
pidity of England crushed her manufactures
and reduced her to penury. Many of them
came in destitution, with barely enough money
to pay their passage across the oceau; but
they came with stout hearts, and hands willing
to work. What is their condition now? A
large proportion of them have purchased small
homesteads, and by their industry are doing
much to develop the agricultural resources of
my district. Othersare employed in the num-
erous manufactories at good wages, and under
our liberal laws have become American citi-
zens. What is true of my district, is true of
almost every other in the country. Knowing
as we do that the wealth of a nation consists
not only of land, but of industries, let us
see to it that every inducement is offered the
toiling and oppressed millions of the Old
World to come and add lo our wealth and
prosperity by their intelligent labor. 1 believe
the most efficient way to do this is in continu-
ing our present protective duties, and thus se-
cure a fair compensation for labor.
Air. Chairman, in this connection permit me
to say that while most of the manufacturing
interests of this country are prosperous, there
is one important one in a depressed condition.
I allude to the manufacture of glass. The cost
of producing this important article of every-
day use consists largely of soda-ash and labor,
andthecheap ash and pauper labor of Belgium
and Prance come in direct, competition with
the glass manufacturers of this country. I
have a letter from one of the oldest and most
reliable manufacturers in my district, in which
it is stated that at the present time " forty per
cent, of the glass furnaces of this country are
standing idle." In answer to the inquiry what
are the profits of glass-making at the present
time, he says:
" It would have been more pertinent to have asked
what are the losses? I do not believe there are half a
dozen establishments in tbecountiy that will make
adimeonthis year's business. Quite a number in
your district have already succumbed to tho times
and put out their furnace fires."
I call the attention of the committee to
these facts, and trust that this important in-
terest will receive due consideration, and that
soda-ash at least will be placed on the free
list, as it ia not an article produced in this
country, and does not come in competition
with any of our American industries. In my
district the glass furnaces were originally
erected in those portions covered with forests,
and considered unproductive except for fuel
and lumberto be used in the factories. Since
that time the forests have disappeared, the land
has been cultivated and improved, and large
towns have sprung up in the vicinity of these
factories and become the center of a pros-
perous and flourishing agricultural district,
affording a near market for a large amount of
agricultural products. And this is not all;
the foiests having disappeared it was neces
sary that the coal fields of Pennsylvania should
be reached iu order that cheap fuel could be
obtained ; consequently, it is mainly owing to
the capital invested in this business that we
have railroads running through the district,
still further developing the resources of the
State.
Mr. Chairman, the prosperous developments
in my district resulting from manufacturing
industries are no exception to the general rule ;
go where you will in this country and you will
find that the establishment of manufactories
of various kinds always adds to the thrift and
prosperity of the country. Knowing this to
be true, I trust that Congress will not, by any
act it may pass, cripple the already prosperous
industries of this country, but on the contrary
strengthen those that are languishing.
Mr. Chairman, I have as briefly as possible
given a history of the various tariff laws of
this Government from its commencement, and
| have contrasted the condition of the country
under the different systems, and I think every
candid reader must come to the conclusion
that the prosperity of the country has been
greatly promoted by protective tariffs. Let
us for a moment consider the policy that has
been pursued by other nations in relation to
their home industries.
We are frequently reminded by gentlemen
on this floor that " free-trade England" should
be our great example, and that by following
her lead we will be enabled to reach a degree
of prosperity unheard of in the past. Sir, what
was the policy of England in relation to the
three great interests mentioned above ? Not
protection in the mild form now accorded to
this country by our present tariff duties, but pro-
hibition. As late as 1819 the duty on iron im-
ported in English bottoms was thirty-one dol-
lars per ton, and in foreign bottoms thirty-eight
dollars per ton 1 These duties were continued
until 1834, when, by the combination of cheap
capital, cheap labor, and perfected machinery,
she was enabled to compete with the world,
and the tariff rates were reduced. The same
policy was pursued in regard to woolen goods.
For five centuries the manufacture of woolens
was jirotected by every means known to the
cupidity of the English Government; the ex-
porting of native wools or importation of for-
eign cloth was prohibited by fines, imprison-
ments, and even death 1 In 1746 these were
modified to transportation for seven years.
The same means were adopted to build up
her cotton manufactures. In this branch of
industry she had no advantages, but, on the
contrary, every pound of cotton used was im-
ported many thousand miles; but by prohib-
iting the importation of cotton cloth, and im-
posing heavy penalties on any person selling
the same, cotton industries were so well
protected that in 1860 the value of cotton
goods exported from England amounted to
the enormous sum of $362,166,254, while
the combined exports of iron, steel, wool-
ens, machinery, and silk amounted to only
$204,000,000! During the year ending June
