620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, I move that the Senate do now adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Vermont moves that the Senate tlo now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the first amendment reported
by the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Sen-
ate determines that I shall go on to-night,
I will do so, but I much prefer to wait until
to-morrow.
Mr. MORTON. 1 hope a request of that
kind will be regarded by the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly; it is only a delay
of one day.
Mr. SHERMAN. The reason I made the
request I did, was that after the Senate have
taken the vote on this question it leaves the
matter open.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is tha very point
my colleague wishes to discuss. You want to
vote first and discuss it afterward.
Mr. SHERMAN. No ; but the whole bill
is opened up on the other amendments, and I
understand the Senator desires to offer amend-
ments.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
desire to do that; but I desire to examine
the report of the committee to see what its
value is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I feel embarrassed by
the appeal of the Senator from Vermont. I
think it is asking a great deal of the Senate,
on a bill of this kind, to insist on its going
over; but I submit this, by his permission : if
the Senate will agree to take the vote at some
hour to-morrow, let the bill then go over until
to-morrow and let us take the vote at some
hour agreeable to the Senate, and let it be
understood that we will tako the vote to-mor-
row, and dispose of it. I suggest that we take
the vote to morrow at four o'clock.
Mr. RAMSEY. Say Monday at four o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; the bill ought to
pass this week. If there bo no objection I
suggest that we proceed to vote on the bill
and amendments at four o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Say five.
Several Senators. Say three o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Four o'clock, unless we
get through with the discussion earlier.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Illinois proposes that by unanimous
consent it shall bo agreed to commence voting
on the amendments to this bill to-morrow at
four o'clock.
Several Senators. Say three o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Three o'clock would
suit me, but my friend before me [Mr. Ed-
monds] wants it fixed for four o'clock.
Several Senators. Say four.
ThoPRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection to that understanding? ["No!"]
The Chair hears none.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I suggest Monday.
["No 1" "No!"]
: Mr. HILL. The Senator will remember
that the amnesty bill was set down for Mon-
day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
any objection to the proposition? ["No!"
"No!"]
Mr, TRUMBULL. What is the proposi-
tion?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. To com-
mence voting on the bill to-morrow at four
o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope there will be
no objection.
Mr. FLANAGAN. There is objection,
because I suggest Monday.
Mr. MORTON. I give notice that imme-
diately after this vote is taken, if it is carried,
I will move to take up the resolution in regard
to final adjournment.
Mr, TRUMBULL, If the Senator from
Texas objects we cannot fix it. Then the
only way I know is to go on. I must insist
upon going on with the bill if the Senator
from Texas objects to the arrangement for
voting to-morrow.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Well, I withdraw the
objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The objec-
tion is withdrawn. It is then ordered that at
four o'clock to-morrow the Senate will com-
mence voting upon the amendments to this
bill without further debate.
Mr. CONKLING. Unless the debate ex-
hausts itself sooner.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 3<j0)
granting a pension to Sarah Evans.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 855) granting a pension
to John S. Corlett;
A bill (II. R. No. 1191) directing the proper
officers in the Treasury Department to credit
John Seys, of Ohio, the sum therein men-
tioned ;
A bill (IT. R. No. 1195) granting a pension
to Melissa Rankin, mother of OliverS. Rankin ;
A bill (II. R. No. 1190) granting a pension
to Mrs. Jane Dulany;
A bill (H. R. No. 1197) granting apension
to Captain Henry M. Scott;
A bill (U. R. No. 1198) granting a pension
to Ann Hunter;
A bill (II. R. No. 1199) granting apension
to Charlotte Crane;
A bill (H. R. No. 1200) granting apension
to Rev. William H. Rogers;
A bill (II. R. No. 1201) granting a pension
to Mary Jane Stone, widow of William J.
Stone, late second lieutenant thirty-seventh
Kentucky infantry;
A bill (H. R. No. 1203) granting a pension
to Martha Elvvell;
A bill (II. R. No. 1205) granting an increase
of pension to James H. Hogati, of Batavia, in
the State of Now York;
A bill (II. II. No. 1206) granting a pension
to Timothy Paige;
A bill (H. R. No. 1207) granting an increase
of pension to Warren Raymond, a soldier in
the war of 1812;
A bill (II. li. No. 1209) granting a pension
George J. St. Louis; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1210) granting a pension
to Nathan Morgan.
The message further announced that the
House had concurred in the amendments of
the Senate to the bill (II. R. No. 1061) to
authorize the payment of duplicate checks of
disbursing officers.
enrolled bill signed.
The message likewise announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (S. No. 521) to correct a clerical error
committed in the enrollment of an act ap-
proved March 7, 1870, entitled "An act to
relieve certain persons therein named from
the legal and political disabilities imposed by
the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, and for other purposes."
final adjournment.
Mr. MORTON. Now I move that the Sen-
ate take up the resolution fixing the time for
the adjournment of this session of Congress,
with a view to getting a vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Indiana moves to postpone the
present and all prior orders for the purpose
of taking up the resolution fixing the time for
final adjournment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-,:
ator from Illinois moves that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to;
there being, on a division—ayes 22, noes 26.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from lndiaua,
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
the resolution fixing the day of final adjourn-
ment.
The motion was agreed to ; there being, on
a division—ayes thirty, noes not counted;
and the Senate resumed the consideration
of the resolution fixing the 29th of May for
final adjournment, the pending question being
on the amendment of Mr. Teumbcll to the
amendment of Mr. Sumnee.
Mr. SUMNER. When the morning hour
expired I was exhibiting reasons against this
resolution, adopting the language of the Sen-
ator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] not using
my own, but letting the Senator answer himself.
You remember how strongly he did answer
himself; but I have not finished. I was show-
ing reasons why this resolution should not be
adopted, and those reasons have additional
importance from the amendment moved by the
Senator from Illinois calling especial attention
to the tariff. I had shown how eloquently and
powerfully the Senator from Indiana appealed
for time in order to consider the tariff, but I
had not finished. You do not know all that
ho said. You do not know how he drove his
argument home, how powerfully he insisted
that the Senate should not leave its seats until
it had settled this question of the tariff. I was
interrupted by the expiration of the morning
hour as I was about to read theso words :
"Now, air, wo are confronted with tho tariff ques-
tion as we never have been before."
Are not these words applicable to the present
moment? Are we not so confronted? He
then goes on :
"It is a question that involves considerations
too vast, politically and in every other way, to ba
described this morning."
The morning did not suffice even to describe
this issue—
"And yet we propose to put ourselves in such a
position that we cannot discuss that question, or only
very slightly, but shall vote on it hap-hazard. Sir,
the responsibility shall not bo with mo for doing
this."
That is not my speech, sir. It is the speech
of the Senator from Indiana. "The respons-
ibility shall not be with me for doing this;"
and yet, as I understand, the Senator now
proposes to take that very responsibility. He
would now hand over what he says is this
incomparable question of the tariff to hap-
hazard ; liis language, not mine. That is what
he would not do in 1870, but what he proposes
to do in 1872. And why? Is there any reason ?
Is not every reason that he assigned against
adjournment in 1870 equally valid against
adjournment now ? Aye, sir, and there ara
stronger reasons still.
The Senate has pending before it what Sen-
ators are very fond of calling the amnesty bill.
I say the bill for equal rights, the bill for the
enfranchishment of the colored race in our
country. Senators show their partialities when
they talk of "amnesty," instead of "equal
rights." That great measure of peace and
reconciliation is now before the Senate, and
yet the Senator would adopt a resolution of
adjournment, by which, according to his own
language, that great cause is to share the fate
of the tariff, and be handed over to hap-hazard.
Now, sir, I am in earnest, and I will not con-
sent by my vote to the adoption of any resolu-
tion that by any possibility can interfere with
the passage of that bill. It is in itself a great
measure of peace and reconciliation, without
which you cannot have or expect a just har-
mony in this Republic. And yet, if I under-
stand the Senator, he would go home leaving
that measure in its present condition, perhaps,
neglected, sacrificed, the rights of our colored
fellow-citizens neglected, leaving them to be
insulted, as they now are, to be degraded, shut
