2412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
right will be mutual. When we protect Ten-
nyson in America, and protect Longfellow in
England ; when we shield a Macaulay or a
Froude in America from literary pirates, we
secure the same immunity in England for a
Motley or a Bancroft. Such is the beautiful
law of justice, that they who observe it are no
less benefited than those who are the objects
of its observance. And thus the American
author, being protected by copyright in Eng-
land, can afford to sell the same to his Amer-
ican publisher, at nearly half of what he would
in the absence of such protection be compelled
to ask. And in* the same way you make the
book cheaper to the English as well as to the
American reader. I contend, therefore, Mr.
Speaker, that by the enactment of the pro-
posed law you will not enhance the price of
books.
There is another consideration to be taken
into account. Literary piracy is a game two or
more can play at. Three or more publishers
in different cities may seize, as they often
haveseized, upon the same book. The one that
can get his pirated edition in the market first
will probably make his fortune and ruin the
other two. But even the successful pirate
makes no more than he would if he had pur-
chased the copyright and paid an honest price.
He must rush the work ; he must make the
edition small. On account of the hurry the
execution of the work will be inferior, and
therefore less salable. On the other hand,
under a wise international copyright law, he
need have no fear of being beaten by some
brother pirate and thereby ruined. He can
make his edition large enough in number of
copies to anticipate the market for years. He
need not be in undue haste, and will there-
fore have time to attend to the mechanical
execution of the work.
It has been said that the publisher would,
under such protection, hold the books at too
high a price. Then no one will buy them.
The law of supply and demand applies as well
to the book trade as to any other branch of
business. The competition in the publishing
business is now so great, and the number of
books published annually so greatly on the
increase, that a book monopoly is one the least
to be feared in an enlightened" nation. A fair
price here is as much the interest of the pub-
lisher as of the reader.
By this law you protect authors from a wrong
scarcely second to that of stealing his work ;
that is, its mutilation. This injustice can be
appreciated by supposing any member of this
House had a right to go to the Globe office,
and to add to or strike out of a fellow-mem-
ber's speech to any extent he pleased. Yet
publishers now have the right to do so with
foreign books. One wrong always leads to
another. Foreign authors have been com-
pelled to stand by and see the offspring of
their own minds mangled, mutilated, and
deformed, without any remedy or redress.
A legal pirate of the English bar literally
chopped into fragments Judge Story's excel-
lent Commentaries on the Law of Bailments,
and used them as foot-notes to the work of
Sir William Jones on the same subject. Mr.
Everett's translation of Buttman's Greek
Grammar was appropriated by an English
author without the slightest reference to the
author of the translation. Yet for all these
wrongs there is not, under existing laws, the
slightest remedy.
For these reasons I shall vote for the bill
introduced by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Cox.]
L INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. SHANKS. I wish to address the House
upon the subject of Indian affairs, extending
my inquiries into the character and strength
of Indian titles, and our duties as a nation
toward the Indians in view of the treaties we
have made with them. My remarks will be
largely historical, referring to those treaties.
While I should have been glad to avoid weary-
ing the patience of theflouse, I feel it proper
that my remarks should go upon the record,
and hence I have sought this opportunity to
submit them.
Mr. Speaker, I desire to speak in the inter-
est of a common humanity, and ask your kind
consideration while I discharge, as best I can,
my duties under so sacred a trust.
I feel the greatest anxiety for the faithful
discharge of my duties, and a corresponding
doubt in my ability to lay before you, in its
true and transcendent character, the cause I
advocate.
No man can long live peaceably who does
not live honorably with his fellow- men, and no
nation can prosper over the committed or per-
mitted sacrifice of even the humblest of its
people.
God, the author and vindicator of truth and
justice, has paved every road to valuable and
permanent success with the faithful and neces-
sary performance of duties to our fellow-men,
and studd§d the whole way, on the right and
on the left, with inscriptions in letters of living
light that sacred rule of His own making, that
" Whatsoever ye would that others should do
unto you, do ye even so unto them," and
established the irrevocable decree, that the man
or nation who violates this solemn and equi-
table injunction contends with God, its author,
and perishes in the contest.
Nations, like men, stand responsible to the
one Author of life and light, and wander in
darkness when they turn away from that light.
Individuals suffer in this life and in the life
to come for their derelictions of duty, while
nations, having no future bpyond this world,
atone on earth for their follies and their
crimes. But this national responsibility does
not exonerate the persons composing a nation
and lending to its iniquities, from their indi-
vidual responsibilities for their respective par-
ticipation in its wrongs.
The consolidation of crimes, or the aggre-
gation of wrong doers, cannot change the
fixed rules by which the one is determined and
the other is condemned. Wrong nationalized
is but the maddening of a people to their own
ruin.
Men and nations are mortal, but truth and
accountability to truth are as immortal as is the
God who ordained the one and compels the
other, and neither people nor nation can be safe
without the recognition of these facts, and a
compliance with their manifest injunction.
Justice and truth are no respectersof persons.
They demand the same of the rich as of the
poor; of the State as of individuals. They
are without money and without price. They
cost nothing, yet they cannot be spared from
the immediate and ever-continued presence of
men and nationalities.
No day is to a nation so bright as that which
reflects the splendorof its moral triumph in the
faithful discharge of every duty of protection
and obligation to its people in the scrupulous
fulfillment of all its contracts and agreements
with all its people, and with the world; and
no night is so dark to a nation as that which
closes upon its moral default, shrouding it in
degradation and shame.
Let no American forget the quick and terrible
lessons taught us in this country when the high-
est judicial tribunal known to our laws, the
court of last earthly appeal for our people short
of thepeople themselves, decided, in the face of
day and our Christian civilization, that there
was a race of people within our Government
who had no rights that white men were bound
to respect.
These words, so unjustly and recklessly
uttered, had scarcely gone forth untilthe con-
test between the truth, which condemned such
a decision, and the folly that sustained it,
lashed into fury the people who were wronged
and misled, which was followed by a rebel-
lion and contest of arms that maddened and
murdered a million men, disrupted the moral
and political, and wasted the social, financial,
and commercial interests of a nation of forty
million people, resulting in the liberation of
over four million slaves, and their citizen-
ation and equalization before the law, thus
burying that ill-advised decision beneath the
contempt of the people and the ruins of a war,
and cleansing the nation's responsibility from
it in the blood of a revolution.
The oppressed may be weak, but God is
their friend. The oppressor may be strong,
but God is never with him in his oppressions.
The vindication of justice and truth divides
the strong, and protection to the weak is im-
pelled through the power that withheld it. So
it has been, and so will it ever be.
I desireto speak in the interest of a common
justice, and call upon these Representatives
and the people they represent to discharge
their full duty in the support of the nation's
agreements, entered into with the Indian tribes
in good faith and for a valuable consideration.
In this Hali, sacred to liberty and justice,
because the place wherein the chosen Repre-
sentatives of agreat, generous, and free people
meet and make their laws, I desire to speak
for the. remnants of a race once numerous and
powerful, and who at one time owned and oc-
cupied this continent entire—a people who in
some respects have few equals and 110 superiors
amongmen. Theirabiding love of liberty, their
determination to be free, their devotion to their
homes and the scenes of their childhood, their
respect for their aged ones, their love of kindred
ar.d people, their strict personal integrity, and
their native eloquence and generosity, challenge
the admiration of all men, and compels, it} the
minds of honest people, a generous desire for
their welfare, a determination to do them justice,
and a sorrow for their sufferings and their
wrongs.
They are the antetype of a race whose proto-
type is long since lost in the uncertainty of tra-
ditions that, like the story of the founding of
Rome, is clothed with so much superstitious
folly as to render it too doubtful for serious
adoption; leaving the physical transfigura-
tion of the continent, and the waters surround-
ing it, with the proximate relation to the old
country, together with the rational points in
their traditional stories, with our account of
the locality where man was created, to direct
the judgment to some, though it may be un-
certain, solution of their origin as a race.
Those within the limits of this country are
at least related in general characteristics with
the people who inhabited the entire continent
from Cape Horn to the extreme north, the
difference being in the effect produced 011 the
same general race by climate and mode of life.
Much as their origin may be clothed in mys-
tery, the intelligence of the white race has
left in history ample proof that the people
called Indians occupied and claimed to own,
and in most bloody wars between respective
tribes they maintained, as between themselves,
possession of respective portions of this
country.
Our history also proves that the several
Christian nations that made discovery of parts
of this continent claimed the same by virtue
of the right of discovery, and always recog-
nized the possessory right, or right of occupancy
in the soil, to be in the Indian nation or tribe
who occupied it when discovered, though the
discoverer claimed the ultimate fee or eminent
domain to be in him and his assigns, and the
first and only right to purchase the occupancy
of the holders or original occupants when they
desired to sell.
The entire correctness of the claim to own
another man's farm or another people's coun-
try, simply because you had first found it,
though he and his ancestors had resided there
