4204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
The SPEAKER. It will if the gentleman
insists upon-.it.- ■
Mr. HOLMAN. I will not insist upon it;
but this is au old claim which originated many
years ago.
The SPEAKER. It is in such a position
that only two thirds of the House can pass it
whether it.be in Committee of the Whole or
upon the Speaker's table. If. there be no ob-
jection, the Chair-will regard it as being ipon
theSp.eaker's table, and the Chair hears non«.
• FISHERIES.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to present resolutions of
the New England association of fish deal-
ers, and after the resolutions have been read I
desire" to make one word of explanation.
The Clerk read the resolutions, as follows:
Resplutions passed at a meeting of the Fish and
Bait, I>ejtI">rs' Association of New England, held at
their room, Scute street, Boston, May 29,1872.
Whereas it seems probable that the British and
American Government, by adopting the so-called
supplementary ;irtiolo to the Washington treaty,
will establish a now principle of international law
which the United States hoped woald have been
established by arbitration at Geneva; and whereas
there seems to he no other obstacle to prevent the
carrying out of the Washington treaty: Therefore,
Resolved, That heartily approving the course pur-
sued by the United States, wo earnestly urge upon
our national Legislature the importance of at once
enactinc: tho necessary laws for carrying the fishery
clause of the treaty into offeot, as provided for by
article tjiirty-threo of the paid treaty, in order that
our fisherman may, without furthor delay, be able
to make arrangements for tho prosecution of the
fisheries without risk of interference on tho part of
tho British piovinces.
llcKolppd. That copies of these resolutions ho sont
to our .Representatives in Congress.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
brought these resolutions to the attention of
the House and the'eountry because they called
for immediate action in putting the fishery
clause of the treaty of Washington into effect,
and that nobody may be misled by it I will
state that this is an association of the fish
dealers who have always desired to have free
fish in ordnr that they might make money by
importing and exporting them, and who are
the natural enemies of the fish-catchers, the
fishermen. I want, therefore, to give their
resolutions a good send-off. .
£ move that they be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
The motion was agreed.
WIDOW OF (JKOKGK JONES.
Mr. EL DREDGE. I have a bill here
which I am unanimously instructed to report
by the Committee on the Judiciary for the
relief of the widow of George Jones. Before
the bill is read I will state the facts' of tho
case. During the war George Jones had ft
son who enlisted in the Federal Army. He
was afterward discharged and came home
from the service and was put under bonds in
tho United States couit to keep the peace.
His father signed the bonds, and the son
afterward went over to the confederacy. The
bonds were escheated and judgment was en-
tered against the father, and his little house
and lot, with five acres of land,have been sold
under the judgment of the court. It is all they
have. The father is dead, the son is dead, and
the widowed mother is living there with three
infant children, daughters. The United States
have the title to this five acres of land, but
this family is still living upon it, and no effort
is made to^ enforce the judgment. That is
worth nothing to the United States; it will
never bring in a dollar to the Government.
The committee recommend the passage of the
bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read,
after which objections to its consideration at
this time will be in order.
The bill provides that the title acquired by
the United States in and to five acres of land
situated on the old Litchfield road, about half
a mile from Owenborough, iu Daviess county,
Kentucky, by purchase at marshal's sale, De-
cember 11, 1865, under writ of. fieri facias from
the circuit court of the United-States for the
district of Kentucky, and sold as the property
of George Johns, be and'-the same is hereby
released.
There being no objection, the" bill (H.-R.
No. 2970) for the relief of the widow and
children of George Jdhng, deceased, of Daviess
county, Kentucky, was received, and read a
first and second time. " • •
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read athird'tifflei'-amd-bgiftg engrossed, it) Was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
REMOVAL OJ POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I ask unanimous
consent to introduce a bill for the removal of
political disabilities.
No objection was made; and the bill (H'. R.
No. 2971) for the removal of the political dis-
abilities of Lawrence J. Gartrell, of Pulton
county, Georgia, was received, and read a first
and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Will the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Spebb} yield to me to move to
insert a name.
Mr. SPEER, of Geot-gia. I will yield for
that purpose.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I move to insert the name
of David Clopton, of Montgomery county,
Alabama.
Mr. BINGHAM. Imoveto insert thename
of Mannich McKimmel, of Cape Girardeau,
Missouri.
Mr. WHITELEY. I move to insert the nathe
of Martin J, Crawford, of Georgia.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. ' 1 will include
those names in the bill. i
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
THOMAS AttEN.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to .try an experi-
ment which I never did try before in all my
service in this House. It is to take up a private
bill.
Mr. PETERS. Let him have it.
Mr. DAWES. I know tho bill is perfectly
just. It has been here fifteen years; it has
been reported upon unanimously from all our
Committees of Claims, and it has passed this
House several times, but been stopped in the
Senato; it has passed the Senate several times
and failed to reach action in the House; it
never has got through both Houses'at the fame
session. It is a bill for the relief of Thomas
Allen. He is a native of nay town, but does
not live there now; he lives in Missouri. He
was Congressional Printer here years ago, and
obtained a judgment of the Court of Claims
in his favor for some $27,000. This case was
reported from the Committee of Claims of the
last Congress, of which committee my late
colleague, Mr. Washburn, was chairman. It
passed the House unanimously, but did not
get reached in the Senate. This Congress it
has been reported to the Senate and passed,
and is now upon the Speaker's table. I would
like to have the House jjass 'it at once. This
gentleman is not a political friend of mine;
he lives in Missouri, and I think his claim is
just.
The bill (S. No. 426) was read. It directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Thomas
Allen the sum of $27,730 03, in full compen-
sation for printing twenty thousand copies of
the compendium of the sixth census of the
United States, and furnishing the materials
therefor, by order of the Secretary of State.
Mr. HOLMAN. • I desire to say. in addi-
tion to whafc-has been said by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] that in
looking over this case I find "the opinion of the
Court of Claims was pronounced by Judge
Blackford, one of the first judges of that
court. Any person who knew him, or any-
thing of his reputation, wOuld feel confident
that atiy ca<se that met his approval was founded
upon a just and legal claim.
' Mr. DAWES.- I believe no man who haa
looked into the case will doubt its entire jus-
tic®.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table; and, under a sus-
pension, o£ the rules, .([two thirds voting in
favor thereof,) -it was passed.
- EXTENSION 0? A PATENT.
Mr.'KELLOGG. I ask unanimous consent
to have put on its passage a bill which has
beei) reported unanimously by the Committee
on Patents. It is the bill (S. No. 624) con-
firming arid extending a patent-right to Levi
W. Pond and the Eau Claire Lumber Com-
pany.
Mr. W. It. ROBERTS. I object.
Mr. KELLOGG. ' Will not the gentleman
allow me to explain a moment?
Mr. RANDALL. I object to debate.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. HAWLEY. I demand the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
consideration of business on the Speaker's
table.
^VACANCIES IN.TERRITORIAL OFFICES.
The first, business on the Speaker's table
waa the amendment of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 2632) to provide for filling vacan-
cies in certain offices in the several Terri-
tories.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
After the Word " ha,ppen" insert "from resigna-
tion or defttl);" so that it will read: "that in any
of tho Territories, whenever a vacancy shall hap-
pen from resignation or do'ath during the recess of
the legislative council," &c.
There being no objection, the amendment
was concurred in.
THEODORE ADAMS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the amendment of the Senate to the "bill
(H. R. No. 2046) for the relief of Theodore
Adams.
The amendments of the Senate, which were
read, were to make the bill read as follows:
Be it enacted, &e„ That there be paid to Theodore
Adams, out bf a,ny money not otherwise appropri-
ated, the sum of $39,242 56, in full for all claim
against the do vernment of the United States for tho
construction of thirty-eight mortar-boats and eight
steam-tugs.
Mr. ARCHER. I ask that the amendments
of the Senate be non-concurred in.
The questjon being taken on concurring in
the amendments, there were—ayes 74, noes 3&;
no quorum, voting.
.Tellers were ordered,; and Mr. Peters and
Mr. Holmas were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 76, noes 42.
Mr. ARCHER. I believe, under the vote
just taken,, the amendments are not concurred
in, and the bill will lie on the Speaker's table.
Mr. RANDALL. A majority have voted in
favor of concurrence.
The SPEAKER. Nothing but a two-t.hirds
Vote can dispose of any bill on the Speaker's
table.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does it require a two-
thirds vote to concur in an amendment of the
Senate?
The SPEAKER. Clearly it does according
to the order under which the House is now
acting. The Chair has announced several
times that a two-thirds vote is requisite for any
action upon any bill on the Speaker's table.
Mr. ARCHER. Then .the bill lies- on' the
Speaker's table.
The" SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the yeas and nays
on concurring in the amendments of the Sen-
ate. '
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Hoxmar] must be aware that, under
