1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
869
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Statue of Admiral Farragut—Mr. Starkweather,
Ho. of Reps.
80, 1871, the imports from England amounted
to $590,978, 550. Thus we see how England
protected her industries until she felt that
she could compete with the industries of the
world, and then she proclaimed the heresy of
free trade. Yet gentlemen on this floor point
to England, and ask us to imitate her exam-
ple! Sir, let us imitate the example of Eng-
land in her past history, and we shall not be
told, as we have been during this debate, that
one f-eventh of the cotton cloth, one third of
the woolen'goods, and one fourth of the iron
and steel used in this country, amounting in
gross to the sum of $110,000,000, are manu-
factured abroad. On the contrary, if we
adopt a permanent protective policy all of the
abo\e articles will be produced in excess of
the home demand, and our foreign commerce,
;he loss of which is so much deplored by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,]
will again revive, and assume greater dimen-
sions ilrui ever before.
Sir, what is true of the protective policy of
England is true of other European Govern-
ments. For the benefit of the agriculturists
of the country I will allude to the fact that the
manufacture of beet-root sugar was almost
created in France by protection, and it is now
one of the most important industries of that
country. The following extract proves how
llie creating of this interest contributed to
others of almost equal value :
"At an agricultural meeting in Valenciennes,
Frunce, some years ago, a triumphal arch was
(■reeled and inscribed, ' The growth of wheat in
rlus uUtriet before the production of beet-rool sugar
wds only nine hundred and seventy-six thousand
bushels; the number of oxen was seven hundred.
Since too introduction of the sugar manutacture
ine jjiowth of wheat has been eleven hundred
and Mxty-right thousand bushels, and the number
ot oxen eleven thousand five hundred.' This is a
remarkable statement of tile superior value of diver-
sified mdu^ry. It is impossible to awaken a new
activity in the body-politic without quickening all
its old activities. a stereotyped social system tendB
to luii in old ruts. a progressive society is con-
stantly seeking new developments ot productive
powei."
Mr. Chairman, it has been asserted that
our present protective duties prohibited the
impottatiou of foreign goods, and consequently
should be ieduced. If such were the case to
a great extent, I doubt not that this country
would be much the gainer, for we should then
reiy upon ourselves and produce m abundance
everything needful for our own wants. But, sir,
this statement, like many made by free-traders,
is not sustained by facts. In 1860, a com
parative free-trade period, we imported $280,-
000,000 wonh of goods; in 1871 the amount
imported into this country was $415,750,000 ;
the former amount paying an average duty of
nineteen per cent. and realizing only $49,000,-
000 of revenue; the latter sum paying an
average duty of forty six and three fourths
per cent., and realizing $194,000,000 of reve-
nue, proving most conclusively that a protect-
ive tariff always realizes the greatest amount
of revenue to the Government.
Sir, we are continually met with the cry
" Reduce the revenue; we are paying the pub-
lic debt too fast." Sir, we have already
reduced the revenue $20,000,000, by placing
tea and coffee on the free list, and it can be
fuither reduced by placing on the same list
many other articles that do not come in Com-
petition with American labor ; the income tax
expires by limitation, and the internal taxes
can Be greatly reduced and in a short time
wholly abolished, if our present tariff laws
are continued. Consequently the revenue can
be reduced to the extent recommended by the
Secretary of the Treasury without affecting
injuriously the great industries of this' coun-
try.
Mr. Chairman, it is admitted that under our
defensive tariff our country has made unex-
ampled progress in manufactures aud domes-
tic commerce. The decrease of our foreign
commerce is attributed by revenue reformers
to our protective policy.
The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] has on several occasions in this
House painted us beautiful word pictures of
the magnitude of our foreign commerce in
1860, particularly in the Chinese seas and
Indian archipelago. He saw those seas while
with the sails of American commerce, and in
the ports^ of China and Japan the American
flag floating from many a mast-head ; while
inland he saw the camels laden with goods
bearing the " trade-mark of Lowell." Since
then the gentleman has visited these seas,
and his heart was made sorrowful by the
absence of this commerce; and he would have
the country believe that our protective duties
have caused this decline; and he abjures us,
like himself, to forego our convictions on the
question of protection and declare in favor of
" free trade," and thereby, according to his
theory, restore our foreign commerce. Sir,
we need not attribute the destruction of our
foreign commerce either to protection or free
trade, but to the policy of England during the
dark days of the rebellion.
Mr. Chairman, instead of renouncing my
convictions on the defensive policy, I call on
the gentleman from New York to return to his
"first love," and aid j)y his great influence in
promoting Americana,,industries for another
decade at least, and doubtless at the end of
that period he will see far greater progress in
this country than he has witnessed during the
last decade, and should business or inclination
lead him again to the Orient, his heart will be
gladdened by the sight of numerous lines of
steamers going to and fro between our Pacific
ports and thoseofChina, Japan, andthcislands
of the Indian ocean ; and instead of the weary
camel toiling beneath his heavy load, he will see
railroads built of American iron, with trains
freighted with goods, bearing not only the trade-
mark of Lowell, but of numerous factories in
this country, drawn by first-class locomotives
manufactured eitberat Philadelphia, St. Louis,
or Paterson. Mr. Chairman, I do not con-
sider this any fancy picture ; it will be more
than realized if, for another decade,.this coun-
try can continue its present defensive policy.
Consequently I appeal to the present Congress
to sustain American interests, and let as re-
member that the " true gain of every country
is ample wages to the laborer. The laboring
classes are the nation. They are the produ-
cers, aud they are moreover, the greatest con-
sumers. Their expenditure makes the great
home market."
Statue of Admiral Farragut.
speech of hon. h. h. starkweather,
of connecticut,
In the House of Representatives,
March 25, 1872,
On the joint resolution to authorize the erection of
a colossal statue to the late Admiral Farragut.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Mr. Speaker, the
civil war through which we have just passed
was a contest for national integrity and national
existence. The Army and Navy, alike inspired
by a true Conception of the magnitude of the
issues at stake, vied with each other in patri-
otic effort.
The country will never forget the services
of Graftt and Sherman, and Sheridan and
Thomas, and a score of .great leaders beside,
\Vho organized victory and wrought success for
our arms in the field, nor the thousand heroes
who by their valor upheld our banner through
years of terrible conflict. Nor will they forget
Farragiit and Potter, and Foote and Golds-
borough, and'Rodgers and Winslow, aud Paul-
ding and Worden, and others who have added
renown to our naval history. If the Navy in
our recent civil war performed a less conspicu-
ous part than the Army, still their services
were important and indispensable to our suc-
cess.
The American people take a just pride in
our Nstvy. In the war of 1812 they won im-
perishable renown, and British pride was hum-
bled in its presence; arid Hull arid Decatur,
and Perry and Porter, and McDonough and
Lawrence, in their wooden ships phallenged
the grateful admiration of their countrymen
and the respect of their adversaries. And
while in the recent war we point with pride
to South Mountain and Antietam, arid Gettys-
burg and Richmond, and Appomattox, we
remember with no less gratitude the services
and successes of our Navy at New 'Orleans,
at Vicksburg, at Fort Donelsoti, at Port Hud-
son, in Mobile bay, in the tedious blockading
service, and in the conflict when the Keftrsarge,
under the command of the gallant Winalbw,
struck down the life of the Eriglish-built rebel
cruiser, manned by the pride of the English
navy.
In all the history of the world our Navy,
from the days of Perry and Decatur to this
hour, has been unequaled in success, consid-
ering the disadvantages under which it foaght.
Amid a multitude of great names who have
added honor and renown to our Navy, tower-
ing above them all in greatness, in success,
and in the affectionate gratitude of the nation,
stands the illustrious name of Farragut.
Admiral Farragut was born at Campbell's
Station, near linoxville, Tennessee, July 6,
1801. His father, George Farragut, wa;s a
native of Minorca, but at an early age came to
this country and served for seveh years in"the
revolutionary army. When the war of 1812
came on he applied to his old friend, Captain
David Porter, and through him obtained a
commission as sailing-master iu the Navy.
Owing to the kindness of this eminent naval
hero young Farragut, at eleven years of age,
received a warrant as midshipman, and was
ordered to Porter's own ship. His first two
years' cruise in the Pacific ended ill'the cap-
ture of the famous frigate Essex. We have
not a very minute account of thepart he played
in the stirring events of this celebrated cruise.
History, however, tells us that he was present
at the capture of the Nocton, a British packet
of ten guns, on December 11, 1812r, and the
Alert, March 14, 1813. After a time, when
the fleet had been reduced to three ships,
acting Lieutenant Farragut returned to duty
as midshipman on the Essex, where he re-
mained during the remainder of the remark-
able cruise. Nearly every English whaler in
the Soutli Pacific was captured'. The havoc
which the Essex hsid made on the English
commerce was so disastrous that the British
admiralty sent out a number of cruisers to
destroy her.
In the winter of 1814, while the Essex was
lying at Valparaiso, she was blockaded for" six
weeks by two of these Cruisers, the Phasbe
frigate and Cherub sloop. It is not a little
significant that the English commander, Cap-
tain Hillyer, refused to fight the Essex with
his single ship, though s'£ie was the larger
vessel of the two, had the heavier armament
and the greater crew by sixty-five men. After
Captain Porter had left the port and was en-
deavoring to get to sea, his ship was seriously
damaged while trying to double the Point of
Angels, and before he could regain the port
both of the British cruisers made uu attack
upon him which resulted in the capture of tho
Essex after a severe fight of two hours and a
loss of more than one half of his men. It was
a trying ordeal for a lad of scarcely thirteen
years to go through. He was surrendered
with the ship, paroled, placed on board the
Esses junior, and finally ordered to New
