1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8309
5s now probably fifty per cent, higher in price
than it was ten years ago. In addition to that
also there have been since the close of the
•war hundreds, and I might say thousands of
enterprising men who have come to our State,
and who have brought with them large amounts
of capital for investment there, which is all
taken into the general account.
Prosperous as the gentleman seems to think
our State has been (and I admit that we have
done a great deal) it must not be supposed
that all this increase of wealth is owing to the
industry, the energy, and the enterprise of the
people of Missouri. We have achieved a
great deal. In spite of all the legislation
adverse to the interests of our State, in spite
of the invidious distinctions made against the
■western people and in favor of the eastern
manufacturers, our State has grown and pros-
pered. It is true that the district which I
represent contains the Iron mountain, and
other very large deposits of iron, but I do not
understand, nor do I think the gentlemen
engaged in the manufacture of iron under-
stand, that the tariff as now adjusted is a
very great protection to the iron interests of
Missouri. The tariff as now adjusted through-
out the United States has increased the price
of woolens, cotton, and leather goods; of
groceries, and everything necessary for the
subsistence of labor. The result is that the
price of labor is enhanced. At the Iron
mountain there are about one thousand opera-
tives employed. It is a reasonable estimate
to suppose that wages have been increased
fifty cents a day, owing to the tariff as now-
adjusted. Hence that company is required to
expend for labor $500 a day more than it did
formerly; and this expenditure for labor is
not compensated by the protection given to
pig iron. It is true that all the labor there
employed is not engaged in the production of
pig iron, but a great deal.of it in the produc-
tion of the raw material for the pig iron fur-
naces of other portions of the country.
Mr. RANDALL. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. BURDETT. I renew the amendment.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Will my colleague
allow me to make a few supplementary remarks?
Then he can answer both of us. I only want two
minutes.
Mr. BURDETT. I yield two minutes to my
colleague.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I wish to say that
I take great pride in the prosperity of my State,
so eloquently described by my colleague [Mr.
Bbrdett ;] but I want to suggest to him, as he
is going to follow me, that for ten anxious
years we Republicans in Missouri told the peo-
ple of our State that it was the curse of slavery
which was keeping Missouri back and placing
us behind our sister States; that the emigra-
tion from Europe, from New England, and
from the' central States of the Union avoided
Missouri, while it went into Kansas and other
western States; that into our State neither
men, women, nor capital would come to add
to our prosperity till the curse of slavery had
been removed. That is what we told the peo-
ple for ten long years. Finally, the Repub-
lican party of Missouri succeeded in abolishing
slavery, long before the thirteenth amendment
of the Constitution of the United States was
adopted.
The fruits of that policy soon became ap-
parent, immigration came pouring in from
Europe, from New England, from Ohio, and
from other States. Instead of going to our
sister States, immigrants settled down in
Missouri. Capital also sought investment there.
Thus were realized the results which we had
promised the people of Missouri if they would
only get rid of the curse of slavery and become
a free State. But my colleague [Mr. Bub-
Dett] to-day would take from us all the credit
for that, and maintain that it is the tariff to
which we owe our increased prosperity. I
suggest this point for his consideration.
Mr. BURDETT. Mr. Chairman, I have
but three minutes to reply to both my col-
leagues. I will therefore in the briefest way
say what I have to say in answer to my col-
league who has j ust taken his seat. It is true,
sir, that the curse of slavery hung on the
skirts of Missouri and largely retarded her
prosperity up to 1860. But I beg, in that con-
nection, to remind my colleague that the
curse of slavery was the curse of free trade,
and that to-day those who take the place of
the order of men who fifteen years ago were
hurling their anathemas at the free, thriving,
manufacturing States of the North and East
are but wearing the discarded garments of John
C. Calhoun and his followers. I understand
that the essence of free trade is slavery.
A Member,. Prove it.
Mr. BURDETT. Prove it! Why, Mr.
Chairman, the proof is this: free trade means
profit out of the blood and bone and soul and
spirit of the laborer ; and so did slavery. That
is my proof.
Now, a word in reply to my colleague from
the Iron mountain district, [Mr. McCormick,
of Missouri.] I find that he also is determ-
ined not to be happy.
Mr. MeCORMICK, of Missouri. I am very
happy.
Mr. BURDETT. He desires to have us
understand that the figures to which I have
referred but tell a lie when they testify to the
great prosperity of Missouri.
He says, " Well, they who lived in Missouri
in 1860 have not by their united efforts made
all this great increase of wealth but let me
tell him in exact reply to his argument and
those of the free-traders on this floor, that
these men who have come to Missouri have
been seeking out, and are to-day seeking out
this tax-ridden and tax-robbed West. If your
argument be true that the Bast is robbing us
of our substance, that we are miserable from
morning to night, why is it that more than five
hundred thousand stalwart arms withiu five
years have poured from New England, have
poured from Pennsylvania, have rushed be-
yond the Mississippi, and are the constituents
of my colleague and myself? It seems they
have left their part of the country where men
are monopolists, where labor is paid largely by
bounties to go to tax-ridden and tax-bedeviled
Missouri.
This is my answer to my colleague; and to
both of them I further say, if they will not
have Missouri for example, if they will have
excuse within our own borders for overshad-
owing the grand facts of the protective decade
just closed with the thin shadow of their im-
ported theories, then look at our neighboring
sisters as they are illustrated by the census
tables. Iowa, with her two hundred and forty-
seven millions in 1860, increases to seven hun-
dred and seventeen millions in 1870. Illinois)
great in 1860, with a then valuation of eight
hundred and seventy-one millions, survives
her subsequent associations with the '^pick-
pockets of protection," and owns there is left
to her $2,121,680,579. Mr. Chairman, the
conjurations of free trade may interest the
theorist. Against their thin gruel I hurl the
eloquence of facts alone. I have no fears for
the verdict.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HILL. Mr. Chairman, I am opposed
to reducing the duty on pig iron. From the
remarks made here we would be led .to sup-
pose this duty is very high. This is a great
mistake. The duty has never been so low as
it is now in sixty years, except for a short
time. By the tariff of 1816 the duty was ten
dollars; of 1821, thirteen dollars; of 1828, ten
dollars; of 1842, nine dollars ; of 1816,about
seven dollars; of 1857, five dollars; of 1861,
nine dollars ; and of 1870, seven dollars. Now,
during the years when the duty on pig iron
was at five dollars a ton it is well_ known to
those who resided in the iron districts of our
country that the wiiolo iron interest was en-
tirely prostrated. Our forges, our iron mills,
our blast-furnaces, and our iron mines were
all, or nearly all, closed; work was not to be bad.
In many portions thousands and thousands
of people were out of employment; and men,
women, and children were rovingthrough these
districts seeking employment, and could find
none. Many were begging from door to door,
and many sought asylum in the alms-houses
throughout those districts. If this House, as
some gentlemen seem to desire, shall take off
this duty, or bring it down to five or to three
dollars a ton, I fear we shall see such a state
of things in this country as we have never seen
before. I hope the present duty will remain,
so that we may have stability in our tariff
laws, and manufacturing continue in our iron
districts, and not only in the iron districts, but
all "industries throughout the country con-
tinue to prosper. I have here a remonstrance
from over seventeen hundred workingmen of
my district against the reduction of this duty;
and I ask that it be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the Honorable Senate and Bouse of Representatives
of the United States of America :
The undersigned, citizens of the iron region of the
fourth district, in the State of New Jersey, respect-
fully represent that they learn that an effort is being
made to reduce the duties on imported merchan-
dise. Believing that it is the duty of the national
Government to encourage and defend the various
branches of American industry against theaggressive
policy of foreign Governments, -they remonstrate
against any change in the existing tariff that will
withdraw a proper and effective protection from any
branch of such industry. They therefore pray that
in laying a tariff of duties for revenue on imported
merchandise, the duties shall bo so adjusted as
to afford adequate protection to similar articles of
merchandise manufactured in the United States in
such a manner as not to burden any branch of
American industry, and to foster the honor and
interest of the American laborer; and that as to
those imported articles which do not come into com-
petition with articles manufactured or produced in
the United States, they should bo admitted free, or
at low rates if duty.
Mr. HILL. It is the workingmen more than
the manufacturers who are disturbed in regard
to the reduction of tariff duties, as indicated
by this remonstrance.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. HILL. But one word further in expla-
nation. I have taken but little of the time
of the House heretofore in this debate, and,
with the consent of the House, I will soon con-
clude what I have to say. The gentleman
from Minnesota [Mr. Dunnell] remarked we
were here to ask for more protection for New
Jersey. We are not here to ask for more pro-
tection for New Jersey, but only to ask that the
tariff shall be allowed to remain where it is.
As regards at least this great interest of
iron, if the duty is reduced it will affect us
very seriously in oyr State. The gentleman
complains that the manufacturers and citizens
generally of New Jersey are rich. We can-
not help it, sir. And if the gentleman from
Minnesota [Mr. Dcmnell] will get capital to
go into his State, if he can get capitalists with
courage to go there and build iron-mills and
factories, and provide a home market for the
products of the soil, he will find that Minne-
sota will soon perhaps be as great and pros-
perous as the State of New Jersey, and be
possessed of quite as much wealth. If the
gentleman will come to New Jersey we will
show him how she obtains her wealth and
riches, and that not only are riches to be found
among those who are manufacturers and
merchants, but also among our working classes
scattered all over the State, with their neat
homes purchased from their own savings, and
living contented and happy, brought about in
part by proper protection to our industries and
fair wages paid for labor.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ROOSEVELT. Mr. Chairman, an hon-
orable gentleman, a member of this House,
remarked that he was very miserable when he
reflected on the position he occupied in refer-
ence to the tariff bill. Ha said that if be voted
