1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
621
out from that equality before the law which is
one of the triumphs of republican institu-
tions, without which this Republic of ours is
a mockery, a name.
The Senator has declared his friendship for
colored citizens and his desire to secure them
in their equal immunities; and yet he proposes
now to foreclose upon them so that these
great immunities of theirs, according to his own
language, shall be handed over to hap-hazard.
Sir, I do not believe in liap-hazard on any
question of human rights. 1 will not allow
the rights of my fellow-citizens to be handed
over to any sucli contingency. And yet I only
adopt the language of the Senator when I say
that he would now hand these great privileges
over to hap-hazard.
On the 6th of May, 1870, he would not con-
sent to an adjournment on the 4th of July.
The session would be too short, the great ques-
tions of the tariff and of reconstruction could
not be dealt with. And now he wishes to bind
the Senate to go home at a still earlier day, in
the month of May. Not one of the appropri-
ation bills has now been acted upon. None
of the considerable measures which will natu-
rally attract our attention during this session
has been reached ; and those two great ques-
tions, one of the tariff and the other of human
rights, remain unsettled. And yet, in this con-
dition of the public business, the Senator pro-
poses a resolution which if adopted will make
the consideration of those great measures diffi-
cult, if not impossible ; at any rate, according
to his own language, he hands them over to
hap-hazard. 1 do not like to see great ques-
tions trilled with. I will not consent to see
the rights of my fellow-citizens treated in this
way—handed over to sacrifico.
Sir, I judge others by my own feelings, and
I know that if I were a colored citizen ot this
country I would not forget those who, when
my rights are in issue, neglect tliem, those who
hand them over to liap-hazard. 1 would bear
them in mind, I would hold them to a strict
responsibility. The great battles of humanity
are not fought by men who will hand them
over to hap-hazard. They require work, con-
stancy, devotion. No man who enlists in that
army will give his hands to be tied; and yet
the Senator now proposes thatthis Senate, this
august body which is to sit in judgment on this
great question of human rights, should reach
out its hands to be tied. Sir, 1 will have noth-
ing to do with it. If the Senate choose to adopt
it, they may. Upon others shall be the re-
sponsibility of the sacrifice.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Illinois to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Massachusetts, which will
be reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment to the
amendment, which was to insert at the end of
the amendment offered by Mr. Sumner the
following:
Nor until the Senate shall have an opportunity
to vote upon the bill of the House of Represent-
atives to repeal the duty on coal.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope the Senator from
Illinois will not offer that as an amendment
to the amendment, but offer it as a separate
amendment. It seems to roe that it is obstruct-
ing the course of those who are opposed to
the resolution of the Senator from Indiana to
put that as an amendment upon the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Massachu-
S6The PRESIDING OFFICER. Upon this
amendment to the amendment the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
I lie question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—-yeas 14, nays 87 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Blair, Davis of Kentucky, John-
ston Ke'lv, Korwoorl, Saulsbary,-Sawyer, Schurz,
Spencer, Stevenson, Stockton, Sumner, ihurman.
and Trumbull—1-1. , _ n
nays—Messrs. Amos, Anthony, Boreman, Cald-
well. C.irpenter. Clfivton, Cole, Oonklmg, Coroett,
Cragin, Iklmunds, Fenton, lerry of Connecticut,
Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Frclinghuysen, Hu-
bert, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill, llitelieock. Kellogg,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Hye,
Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson,
Scott, Sherman, Sprague, West, and Wright—37.
ABSENT —Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard. Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Casserly, Chandler, Cooper,
Davis of West Virginia, Goldthwaito. Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Howe, Lewis, Logan,
Pomeroy, Pratt, Stewart, Tipton, Vickers, Wilson,
and Windom—22.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The question recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Somneh.
Mr. SCHURZ. I move as an amendment to
the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to add "and a law for tho reduc-
tion of the tariff and of internal taxation." I
think it must have become evident by this
time that there is absolutely no reason for this
resolution providing for an early adjournment.
The Senator from Indiana has been convicted
out of his own mouth that it is impolitic, that
it is improper; that, taking the general inter-
est of the country into consideration, it is
unpatriotic to provide at so early a period of
the session of Congress for an adjournment
when there arc great and weighty subjects for
consideration, when not a single measure of
legislation has been disposed of, when we are
at sea with regard to all the great questions
that are to be transacted in this body. lie
says, I believe, that it is not a politic trick
that he is contemplating. If it is not, then I
should like to know what it is.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I do not
intend to be driven by threats, insinuations, or
taunts to debate this question. I am ready to
vote.
Mr. SCIIURZ. I wish to say to the Sen-
ator from Indiana that if there was an insinu-
ation made it was made by himself. It was
not I who spoke of politic tricks, butitwashe
that used the word.
Mr. MORTON. I did not use the word.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senators will
address the Chair. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri to
the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I have
no sort of feeling myself in regard to this reso-
lution other than that which relates to the
public interests, and what we ought to do, and
what it is usual to do with regard to resolu-
tions of adjournment. I think the motion that
is now made is unprecedented. Such a thing
has never occurred, certainly since 1 have been
a member of the body, and I have no recol-
lection of its ever having occurred in the his-
tory of the Government, that at this stage of
the session a resolution for final adjournment
was ever proposed, much less adopted, in the
Senate of the United States. We are here, in
the other House and this, as the representa-
tives of the States and of the people. We are
here for a purpose, to enact laws to promote
the best interests of the country. There are
great questions which it was supposed by the
people would receive consideration at tho pres-
ent session of Congress, and among others
there is the important question of the reduc-
tion of the tariff and of our internal revenues.
I speak without any feeling whatever on this
subject, for I have no other interest than the
Senator from Indiana has, and I assure him
that I am as anxious as he to bring this session
to an early close. The Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Morrill] reminded us this morning that
we had already, at a former session of Con-
gress, passed a bill which reduced taxation.
I beg to submit to the Senator that he is mis-
taken in his facts. We did pass a law reducing
the tariff upon certain articles of importation,
but that does not necessarily or uniformly lead
to a reduction of revenue.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator,
I suppose, means to state it so that the Senate
will precisely understand it. We did take off
duties on articles sufficient, if we had no greater
importations, to very largely reduce the reve-
nue. We did remove actual iuternal revenue
taxes that are not now imposed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is true. We did
that, and we reduced the duty upon some arti-
cles imported from abroad, but it does not
follow uniformly, nor necessarily, that when
you reduce the duty upon an article which is
imported from other countries you reduce the
revenue. That is one objection to our present
tariff system, that the duties imposed are im-
posed, not with a view to revenue, but for other
purposes, and it often happens when you reduce
the duty on an article that the revenue derived
from importations will be larger than before
the reduction.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On that article?
Mr. TRUMBULL. On that article, because
of a greater quantity being imported.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is an argument
against free trade.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well; if tho Sen-
ator considers it an argument against free
trade, be it so. It does not occur to me that
anybody here is advocating free trade. I have
heard of no advocates of free trade in this
body. 1 have heard some persons announce
themselves in favor of revising the tariff in
such a way as to bring it more nearly to a rev-
enue standard; to change it from a protect-
ive to a revenue system. That does not imply
that we are going to adopt free trade. And,
Mr. President, I understand that the estimates
of the present year from the Treasury Depart-
ment show that our revenue derived from the
collection of duties will be the largest ever
collected in the history of the Government;
that it will probably amount to $225,000,000
for the present fiscal year, many millions more
than was ever collected off the people of this
country in a single year from duties. I think
that the people of this country expect that we
should take some action upon this subject.
The internal revenue system also wants
simplifying. I cannot undertake to enumerate
to-night (and my object is not to take up tho
time of the Senate) the various subjects of
legislation which will require our attention.
They are numerous. We ought to pass some
law in relation to the financial condition of the
country, in relation to our bonded debt. 1 am
not satisfied, and have not been for years, with
the way in which the finances of this country
have been managed. 1 have tried in this
body, I think as far back as three or four years
ago, to devise some means by which we could
get this vast amount of gold that is hoarded up
in the Treasury out of the Treasury. It seemed
to me that it was unwise policy to have lying
idle in the Treasury of the country $100,000,000
when we were owing $2,000,000,000, and pay-
ing interest upon it. It seemed to me that no
business man would manage his affairs in thai
way. I remember that on one occasion we
came very near passing a bill compelling the
Secretary of the Treasury to disgorge this
money, let it go out among the people, and
wipe out a portion of that debt upon which wo
were paying interest. Why, sir, it would have
saved more than $20,000,000 in gold to this
country if that money had been used, instead
of lying idle in the Treasury for the last fiva
years.
But, as I said, it is not my intention to enum-
erate the subjects upon which the country
expects legislation. I rose more to speak of
the extraordinary character of this resolution
than anything else—a resolution to fix a timo
of adjournment, originating in the Senate,
before we have disposed of any of the busi-
ness of the session. No measure of geaeral
importance has yet been matured ; no bill of
general importance has yet passed and become
a law. The people suppose that the Congress
of the United States will pass laws upon van
ous subjects which will be for the benefit of
the nation, and 1 think the expectation is for
the relief of the people, and I do not assume
too much when I say that I think the Senator
from Indiana himself must be in favor of reduc-
ing, and largely reducing, the revenuesthatwe
are now collecting from duties. Icannot think
that he wants to collect $225,000,000 a year
