1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4205
the ruling of the Chair in carrying out the
order of the House, all amendments taken up
from the Speaker's table for consideration
hove required a two-thirds vote.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask for the yeas and nays.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATK.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympsost,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the bill (H. R. No.* 2822) to re-
duce duties on imports, and to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the amendment of the House
to the bill of the following title, with an amend-
ment; in which the concurrence of the "House
was requested:
An act (H. R. No. 636) for the relief of
Elbridge Gerry.
TAX AND TARIFF BILL.
Mr. DAWES submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. -2322)
to reduce duties on imports, and to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes, having met, after iuli
and free conference have agreed to recommeud, and
do recommend to their respective Houses, as fol-
lows :
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 37, 38, 46, 50, 61, 68,120, 134, and 135.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the amendments of the Senate numbered 2, 3, 5,
6, 7, 8,13,14,15,17,19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 26, 30, 31, 32,
36, 39, 40, 41, 42, 43, 44, 45, 48, 49,51, 52, 53. 56, 59, 60,
65, 66, 67, 69, 70,72,73, 74, 75, 76. 77, 78, 79, 80, 81, 82,
83, 84, 85, 86, 87, 88, 89, 90, 91, 92, 93, 94, 95, 96, 97, 98,
100, 101, 102, 103, 105, 106, 107, 108,112,113,114, 115,
116,117,118,119,121, 122, 123, 124, 125, 126, 127, 128,
129,130,131, 132,133,136,137,138,147.
That%the House recede from their disagreement
to the first amendment of the Senate so far as it is
proposed to strike out the word "January," and
agree to the same with an amendment inserting in
lieu of the word proposed to be inserted the word
"August;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the fourth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: strike
out the word " ten," in said Senate amendment, and
insert in lieu thereof the word "fifteen;" and. the
Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the tenth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with amendments as follows: strike out all
from line eleven to line twenty, inclusive, on page 3
of said Senate amendment; and strike out of said
Senate amendment (line twenty-five) the word
"and," and insert in lieu thereof the words "five
cents per pound, and on;" and the Senate agree to
the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eleventh amendment of the Senate, so far as it
is proposed, to strike out words, and agree to the
same with an amendment as follows: strike out the
words proposed to be inserted, and insert in lieu
thereof the words "1st day of August, 1872; " and
the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twelfth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with an amendment as follows: on page 2,
line twelve of the bill, before the word. " animals,"
insert the word "like;" and the Senate agree to
the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the sixteenth amendmentof the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: after the
word " excepting," in line twenty, page 2, of the
bill,insert the words "percussion caps;" and the
Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighteenth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: strike
out the word "including," in said Senate amend-
ment, and insert in lieu thereof the words " except-
ing unsized printing paper;" and the Senate agree
to the same;
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twenty-fifth amendment of the Senate,and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: strike
out the word "kaolin" from said Senate amend-
ment; and the Senate agree to thesame.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twenty-seventh amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with an amendment as follows:
alter the word " except" in said Senate amendment
insert the word "wool;" and the Senate agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twenty-eighth amendment of the Senate so far
as it proposes to strike out the words "day and year
when this act shall take effect," and insert in lieu
of the words pioposed to be inserted the words
"1st day of August, 1872;" and the Senate agree to
the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twenty-ninth amendmentof the Senate so far
as it is proposed to strike out words, and agree to
the same with an amendment as follows: insert in
lieu of the paragraph stricken out, the words " on
all burlaps, and like manufactures of flax, jute,
or hemp, or of which flax, jute, or hemp shall be
the component material of chief value, excepting
such as may be suitable for bagging for cotton,
thirty per cent, ad valorem,' on all oii-cloth
foundations or floor-cloth canvas, made of flax,
jute, or hemp, or of which flax, jute, or hemp shall
be the component material of chief value, forty
per cent, ad valorenri; on all bags, cotton bags, and
bagging, and all other like manufactures, not
herein otherwise provided for, exceptcotton bagging
for cotton, composed wholly or in part of flax, hemp,
jute, gunny-oioth, gunny-bags, or other material,
forty por cent, ad valorem and the Senate agree to
the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement'
to the thirty-third amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with an amendment, as follows :
insert in lieu of the matter proposed to be stricken
out the following:
On acids, namely, acetic, acetous, and pyrolig-
neou.-s of specific gravity of ,1.047, or less, five cents
per pound; acetic, acetous, and pyroligneous of
specific gravity over 1.047, thirty cents per pound;
carbolic, liquid, ten percent, -ad valorem;'gallic,one
dollar per pound; sulphuric, fuming, (Nordhau-
sen,) one cent per pound; tannic, one dollar per
pound; tartaric, fifteen cents per pound.
On acetates of ammonia, twenty-five cents per
pound; baryta, twenty-five cents per pound; cop-
per, ten cents per pound; iron, twenty-five cents per
pound; lead, brown, five cents per pound; white,
ten cents per pound; potassa, twenty-five cents per
pound; soda, twenty-five cents per pound; strontia,
twenty-five cents per pound; zinc, twenty-five cents
per pound.
And the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the thirty-fourth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with amendments as follows:
insert in lieu of the words stricken out the words
" on blue vitriol, four cents perpound;" and onpage
5, lines ten and eleven, strike out the words " crude,
fifteen cents perpound; refined, twenty;" and insert
in lieu thereof the words "refined,five;" and the
Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the thirty-fifth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: strike
out the word " ten " in said Senate amendment,
and insert in lieu thereof the word "twenty;" and
the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the forty-seventh amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with an amendment as follows:
after the word "dates," in said amendment, insert
the word "prunes;" and the Senate agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fifty-fourth amendment of Che Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: insert in
lieu of the matter stricken out the words " on moisie
iron, made from sand ore by one process, fifteen dol-
lars per ton; " and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fifty-fifth amendment of the Senate, and agree
te the same with an amendment as follows: strike
out all of said amendment after the word "sun-
shades," and insert in. lieu thereof the following:
" when covered with silk or alpaca,"shall be sixty
per cent, ad valorem;• ail other umbrellas shall be
forty-five per cent, ad valorem; on saltpeter, crude,
one cent per pound; refined, and partially refined,
two cents per pound;" and the Senate agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fifty-seventh amendment of the Senate,and agree
to the same with amendments as follows: page 7,
lino eighteen of the bill, strike out the word 4 July,"
and insert in lieu thereof the word "August;" and
the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fifty-eighth amendment of the Senate, aud agree
to the same with the fallowing amendments: amend
said Senate amendment as follows: page 10, line
one, strike out the word "citric;" page 10, line
twenty-eight, strike out the word "arrow-root;"
page 12, line nine, strike out' the words " bromide
and chloride of aluminium;" page 12, line twelve,
strikeout the words "carbolie acid;" page 12, line
twenty-two, strike out the word " butter;" page 12,
line twenty-three, after the word "coir" insert
"and coir yarn;" page 13, line twenty-five, strike
out the words " gold, oxide of;" page 13, strike out
lines twenty-seven and twenty-eight, and insert in
lieu thereof the words "grease for use as soap stock
only, not otherwise provided for;" pageli, line four,
strike out the words "and hog;" page 14, line six,
after the word " mattresses," insert the words "and
not fit for bristlespage 14, line twelve, strike out
the words "of cattle;" page 14, line twenty-four,
strike out the words " and crude rosin of:" page 15,
strike out all of line seventeen; page 15, line twenty-
one, strike out the words "and crude rosin of;"
page 17, line four, after the word "sassafras" add
the words " bark and root;" page 17, strike out all
of line seven; page 17, strike outline ten and lino
thirteen ; page 18, line eleven, after the word "whale-
bone" add the word "unmanufactured;" and on
page 18 strike outline fifteen; and the Senate agree
to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the sixty-first amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: strike
out the word 4* July," and insert in lieu thereof the
word "August."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the sixty-second amendment oi'the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: after
the word " fire-arms" insert the words "scales, bal-
ances;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the sixty-third amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with the following amendments: on page
14of tho bill, line seventeen, after the word "manila "
insert the word "and," and after the word " steel,"
in line seventeen, strike out the words "not ad-
vanced beyond;" and in line eighteen, same page,
after the word ''bard" insert "spikes, nails," and
in samo line, after the word " bolts," insert the word
" and;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the ninety-ninth amendmentof the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: strike
out the matter proposed to be inserted, and insert
in lieu thereof the following: that section forty-
eight be amended by striking^out all after the enact-
ing clause and inserting in lieu thereof the following:
That on all wines, liquors, or compounds known
or denominated as wine, and made in imitation of
sparkling wine or champagne, but not made from
grapes grown in the United States, and on all liquors,
not made from grapes, currants, rhubarb, or berries
grown in the United States, but produced by being
rectified or mixed with distilled spirits, or by the
infusion of any matter in spirits to be sold as winy
or as a substitute for wine, there shall be levied
and collected a tax often cents per bottle or pack-
age containing not more than one pint, or of twenty
cents per bottle or package containing more than
one pint and not more than one quart, and at the
same rate for any larger quantity of such merchan-
dise, however the same may be put up, or whatever
may be the package ; and the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue shall cause to be prepared suitable
and special stamps denoting the tax herein imposed,
to be affixed to each bottle or package containing
su'ch merchandise, by the person manufacturing,
compounding, or putting up the same, before re-
moval from theplace ofmanufacture, compounding,
or putting up ; said stamps to be affixed and can-
celed in such manner as the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Kevenue may prescribe ; and the absence of
such stamp from any bottle or package containing
such merchandise shall he&rima facie evidence that
the tax thereon has not been paid, and such mer-
chandise shall be forfeited to the United States.
Any person counterfeiting, altering, or refusing
said stamps shall be subject to the same penalties as
are imposed for the same offenses in relation to pro-
prietary stamps.
And the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and thirty-ninth amendmentof the
Senate, and agree to the same with an amendment,
as follows : strike out the words proposed to be
inserted, and insert in lieu thereof the following:
" that on and after the 1st day of October, 1872, all
the taxes imposed by stamps under and by virtue
of schedule !B, of section one hundred and seventy,
of the act approved June 30,1864, and the several
acts amendatory theieof, be, and the same are
hereby, repealed, excepting only the tax of two
cents on bank checks, drafts, or orders: Provided,
That where any mortgage has been executed .and
recorded, or may be executed and recorded, before
the 1st day of October, A. D. 1872, to secure the pay-
ment of bonds or obligations that may be made and
issued from time to time, and such mortgage not
being stamped, all such bonds or obligations so made
and issued on or after the said 1st day of October,
A. D. 1872, shall not be subject to any stamp duty,
but only such of their bonds or obligations as may
have been made and issued before the day last afore-
said: And provided further, That in the mean time
the holder of any instrument of writing of whatever
kind and description which has been made or issued
without being duly stamped, or with a dcfunctstamp,
may make application to any collector of internal
revenue, and that upon such application such col-
lector shall thereupon affix the stamp provided by
such holder upon such instrument ol writing as
required by law to be put upon the same, and sub-
ject to the provisions of section one hundred and
fifty-eight pf the internal revenue laws;" and the
Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate numbered 14,), 141,
142,143,144, and 145, and agree to the same with an
amendment, as follows : strike out the matter pro-
posed to be inserted, and also all of the proviso thus
amended, being from the word " provided" in line
eleven, page 53, down to the word "establish" in
line nineteen, page 53, inclusive; and tho Senate
agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and forty-sixth amendment of the
Senate and. agree to the same with an amendment,
as follows: after the word "received," in said
amendment, insert the words "from day to day;"
and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and forty-eighth amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same with an amendment,
as follows: in section forty-three of said Senate
amendment strike out the word >k sixty," and msprf.
in lieu thereof the word " eighty and the Senate
agree to the same.
H. L. DATTES,
AVM. IX KBLLEY.
M. C. .KERR,
Managers on the part of the Home.
JOHN SBCEHMAN",
JUSTIN S. MORKlLL,
T. JtiAYAKD,
Mu.'iuf/trs oh the part oj the titiiate,
