1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1517
try to secure the passage through this House and
the Senate, of a bill increasing the cost of rail-
road mail transportation fifty per cent, and pro-
posing that thirty-three and a third per cent.,
of the first year's profits of the fraud, equal to
$1,000,000, should be paid by the railroad cor-
porations for the purpose of securing the pas-
sage of the bill. The demoralization which
this fact presents, even the possibility that
such a proposition could be conceived, sug-
gests the danger of the policy we are pursu-
ing. I submit whether, by enlarging the
powers of these corporations, we are not by
our constant yielding to their demands day
by day stimulating a eupidity and struggle for
corrupt aggrandizements that even now threat-
ens the integrity of every department of your
Government ?
Here, sir, is tho danger of this hour. You
cannot maintain integrity and purity in public
affairs if, by your own policy, you encourage
hopes of excessive fortunes by subordinating
the just rights of the people to the selfishness
of private gain.
Mr. Speaker, I say the great objection to
this measure lies in the constant enlargement
of the power and wealthof these corporations.
Since civil governments have been organized
no such powers have been conferred on cor-
porations as you have conferred oil irresponsi-
ble corporations, which are appropriating and
aggrandizing to themselves the power which
belongs to the whole people. These great
corporations even now threaten to subordin-
ate for the purpose of their own aggrandize-
ment the legislation of the country. And here
is a bill to still further increase the power of
this already dangerous corporation. Mr.
Speaker, even ten years ago no member oil
this floor would have submitted such a prop-
osition as this.
We are only now beginning to experience
the great and irresponsible power of the cor-
porations we have formed. If for ten years
longer the vast powers of these corporations
shall be enlarged as in the past ten years, your
Legislatures, your judiciary, and your Con-
gress will no longer represent the people, but
will represent the consolidated and irrespons-
ible power of vast corporations. Your na-
tional bank system, with the $850,000,000 you
have given them, and your railroad system,
with powers unexampled, arrogating to them-
selves day by day new powers and new ele-
ments of power, are actually assuming already
the attributes of Government- They are ever
here and ever at least seeking to control the
legislation of the country.
Talk about representative government, sir,
when you have granted powers to these cor-
porations to the full extent of their demands,
to which we are yielding day by day! Where
are the guarantees for the rights of the great
body of citizens? Is it the office of govern-
ment to see that enormous fortunes are built
up by a few privileged citizeus? Is this Con-
gress to loecome the agency only of building
up private fortunes ? I wish the words could
be Blazoned upon this Capitol, so as to be read
by all, the words uttered by a patriot of another
generation, when he declared that the office of
government was to "protect all and grant
savors to none." That is the true principle
of republican government. Not favoritism to
a class of citizens high in position, socially or
politically, but like protection to every class
and every citizen, with favoritism ^o none.
I have heard the argument made that these
agencies increased the wealth of the country ;
They do increase the wealth of the country ;
but they also centralize it in the hands of the
few, and they do it at the expense of public
liberty, by subordinating the rights of the
whole people to a favored few.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNS WORTH took the floor.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I ask the gentle-
man to yield to me for a moment to submit a
resolution.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly, if it does
not occupy too much of my time.
navy department ixyestigatiox.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I ask unanimous
consent to introduce the following resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas certain charges have appeared in news-
papers of large circulation published in tho city of
New York and elsewhere, calculated to affect inju-
riously the reputation of the Secretary of the Navy,
and to cast doubts upon the integrity of his admin-
istration of the Jfavy Department: Therefore,
lienohed, That a select committee of five be ap-
pointed to investigate any irregularities charged,
and to inquire generally into the administration of
the affairs of the Navy Department during the
incumbency of the present Secretary, and report
the same to this House: and that the said commit-
tee may hold sessions by a quorum or by sub-eom-
mittees of such number as the committee shall del-
egate; and that they have power to send for per-
sons and papers, to administer oaths to witnesses,
and to employ a clerk, with such stenographic assist-
ance as they-shall find necessary.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I yield for a
single moment to the gentleman from Califor-
nia, [Mr. Sargext.]
Mr. SARGENT. I wish to say on behalf
of and at the request of the Secretary of the
Navy that he desires that this investigation
shall take place, and that it shall be pressed
to its fullest extent-
Mr. BANKS. Will the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Blair] yield to me for a
moment ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I merely hold
the floor through the courtesy of the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Farx'sworth,] with
the understanding that this would occupy no
time.
The SPEAKER. This will not be deducted
from the time of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Farxsworth.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I would say
to the gentleman from Michigan that I have a
resolution of more practical importance than
that one, which I should like to offer.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I yield for a
moment to the gentleman trom Massachusetts,
[Mr. Banks,]
Mr. BANKS. It is very likelythat the Sec-
retary of the Navy, having been assailed, may
desire an investigation. But there is nothing
alleged in that resolution which justifies the
inquiry, and I think it ought not to be made
on such an allegation as that. Every member
of the House and every member of the Gov-
ernment has been and always will be abused
by the newspapers, and we ought to have some-
thing more than a recitation of that character
to justify an investigation by this House.
Mr. SARGENT. There is certainly no
desire on the part of the Secretary to avoid
an investigation.
The SPEAKER.
resolution ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope there
■will be no objection to it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object until I know why
it is offered. I do not desire to have star-
chamber reports.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I hope the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] will with-
draw his objection and allow the resolution to
be adopted.
Mr. BANKS. I join with the gentleman
from Ohio in objecting.
The SPEAKER. Objection having been
made, the resolution is not before the House.
central pacific railroad.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill relating to the Central Pacific railroad.
Mr. FAliNSWORTH. I desire the Chair
to notify me when I have spoken twenty
minutes.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will notify the
gentleman.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Two of my col-
leagues have spoken against this bill, a Re-
publican and a Democrat. I propose to speak
for it. Those colleagues of mine, both of
Is there objection to the
them, I believe, have just voted, certainly one
of them has just voted, to take §450,000 out
of the Treasury to pay employes in the Gov-
ernment works for two hours' work that they
never performed, and he is now opposed to
granting to this great work, the Pacific rail-
road, the right, in the interests of commerce, in
the interests of cheap transportation of freight,
to land their road and load their cars upon
this island, and locate their depot there.
Objection is made to the bill by gentlemen
because they say that it makes a land grant,
and that the island is worth a very large sum
of money. I would be obliged to any gentle-
man if he would tell me what this island is
worth, and for what purposes. I have asked
several times, and have failed to get that
information. For what purpose is Goat Island
of any value? A gentleman from Massachu-
setts said the other day, incidentally, that it
wa3 valuable for military and commercial pur-
poses. That I grant. This bill is in the inter-
j ests of commerce, and its object is to utilize it
| for commercial purposes. It maybe valuable
; also for military purposes. But, Mr. Speaker,
■ I think any man who has ever seen that island
| will agree with me, whether he is a military
I man or not, that it would be far more valu-
i able for military pnrposes if it were connected
| with the mainland by a railroad than it is now.
! For what other purpose is the island of any
| value? Not fora homestead for anybody; not
j for agricultural purposes ; not for the citizens
j of San Francisco to build residences upon;
! not for the purpose of manufacturing or locat-
; ing manufacturing establishments. There is
■ no purpose in the world for which I can con-
| ceive that that island or rock would be of any
| value, except for military and commercial pur-
' poses.
Now, Mr. Speaker, itis proposed by this bill
to allow the railroad company to build their
track from the mainland at Oakland, on the
other side of the bay to the side of the island
nearest that shore some miles away. That part
of the bay is shallow water, not deep enough to
float the large steamships that ply between our
coast and Japan and China. It is proposed to
allow the railroad to go to the island and estab-
lish its depot there, and take the freights
which may be landed there from the steamships
and other vessels for transportation eastward.
Now, in what respect will this interfere with
or damage the commercial interests of the
country? How does it prejudice or detract
from the value of the island for commercial
purposes? I think no gentleman can answer
that. The island at present, for commercial
purposes, is utterly useless. It is of no value.
It is not used for commercial purposes. If it
is to be of any value to the commerce of the
country it can only be so by allowing railroads
to locate their depots there, and making it a
depot for the transshipment of freights.
For military purposes, who does not know
that that position would be of far greater value
with a railroad to it from the main land for the
transportation of troops and munitions of war
and for supplies in cases of need? At present
there is no access to the island except by ves-
sels across the bay. Suppose an enemy were
in the bay of San "Francisco, covering the bay
with his guns, how would yon send a vessel
loaded with supplies from the dock at San
Francisco to this island? The island of Yerba
Buena, or Goat Island, as it is called, is not the
defensive point for the bay ; there is another
island nearer to the Golden Gate which can
protect it. Goat Island is only a protection to
the city, not of defenso of the bay. If they
once pass Angel Island and get into the har-
bor, they would command the bay to a very
great extent with their guns, and vou never
could send supplies to your forces upon Goat
Island in such a ease unless you had some
other means of communication between the
city and the island t-han by vessels.
Why, sir, we used to have a reservation, and
indeed we have now in the Mississippi river,
