2414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
and when the treaty of peace was ratified be-
tween the Government of Great Britain and
theUnited States of America, (treaty of Ghent,)
the British Crown surrendered all ultimate
right to the soil of these colonies as well as
all political power over the territory. This,
however, lefr. the title to the soil in the several
colonial governments within their charter
limits.
In the formation of our Government it be-
came necessary to hold the Lille to the public
domain in the General Government, and to
promote the public weal the seveial (colonies)
States conveyed the soil of, and jurisdiction
over, their unoccupied lands to the General
Government as follows: Virginia, in 1784;
Massachusetts, 1785; Connecticut, 1800; South
Carolina, 1787, and Georgia in 1802. It will
be seen that by these cessions of the several
States, and by treaties with other nations, the
United States became possessed of the same
title formerly held by these colonies and form-
erly by the Crown.
In the case of the Cherokee Nation vs. State
of Georgia, the opinion of the court was deliv-
ered by Chief Justice Marshall. (5 Peters,
page 48; 9 Curtis, 4 and 5 Peters, page
181.) In speaking of the Cherokee Indians,
the court says:
"Though the Indians are acknowledged to have
a.n unquestionable and heretofore unquestioned
riyht to the lands they occupy, until that rightshall
be extinguished by a voluntary cession to our Gov-
ernment, they occupy a territory to which we assert
a title independent of their wUi, which must take
effect in point of possession when their right of pos-
session ceases."
Worcester vs. State of Georgia, (G Peters,
page 580.) in speaking of the Indian tribes, Mr.
Justice McLean delivering the opinion of the
court, paid :
" Their right of occupancy has never been ques-
tioned : but the fee in the soil has been considered
in the Government. This mav be called the right to
the ultimate domain, buttho Indians have a present
right ot possession."
THE TITLE OF T1IE CIIOCTAWS, CHICKASAWS, CHERO-
KEES, AMI) CREEKS IS SOT T1IB OKIUIXAL TIl'LK OF
.. OCCUPANCY.
The title by which these several tribes hold
their respective lands in this Indian territory
is not the original possessory title common to
the early occupants of the soil, but is a title
held by patent, given in accordance with treaty
stipulations, that were made under the provis-
ions of a law of Congress of May 28, 1830,
after the original possessory title of the Osage
Indians had been extinguished. The law of
Congress of May 28, 1830, provided that the
original possessory title ot the Indians should
first be extinguished, and then the transfer and
patent should be made by the United States
to these tribes for the land west, of the Missis-
sippi river. The title of these tribes I have
named and those tribes who hold from them
is as valid as any other titles held under the
law, and much stronger even than that of many
white settlers who hold under treaty with the
Indians only. Before I proceed, however, to
argue the question of legal title, I desire to ask
the attention of the House and country to the
character of those particular Indian nations I
have named, and to the treaty relations that
have for near ninety years existed between
them severally and the Government.
T!1K\TY STIPULATIONS WJTIT INHI.A.NS.
I call attention to some of the many bonds
that in honor and in Christian good faith hold
the Government and the people of the Uni
ted States to the faithful and liberal perform-
ance of all contracts made with the Indian
tribes.
They were made by national authoritv, and
recognized a corresponding authority in the
Indian tribes to contract with the Government.
Imprudent, as this continued system of trea-
ties may have become, yet, when entered into
and spread upon our na'ional records, they are
evidence to us and to the world of contracts
at least made with these people for a valuable
consideration, and are no less sacred as be-
tween the parties on account of the disparity
of the powers making them.
The anomalous condition in which we are
placed by having for such a long time and so
frequently made treaties with a people within
our own national limits, and who, during all
that time, were subject to our intercourse and
other laws, would not be cured by the forcible
violation of those contracts until we shall
first have placed the Indians in the position we
found them before making the contracts with
them, which would be both improper and
impossible.
At the time the Constitution was adopted
the comparative relation between the powers
of the United States and that, of Indian tribes
was not so great as now. The limits of the
Government were then contracted, there being
vast territories then held by Indians, most ot
it not belonging to us, that are now in States
and organized Territories of the Union.
This change of relative power between the
United States and those wasted tribes demands
our most sacred performance of contracts,
that we have physical power to sustain or
destroy, while the Indians have the only
alternative of submission to our determina-
tion.
TheUnited States made these Indian nations,
tribes, and bands their equals in the contracts,
and hold the Indians to the faithful perform-
ance of their part of those contracts, and in
honor cannot do less than to fully discharge
their part of all of them.
It is a settled principle of justice and law
that one party cannot abandon a contract with
impunity or enforce the performance of condi-
tion against the other party until he has first
discharged his own agreement.
The basis of all our contracts with the Indians
was their friendship or tlie purchase of their
lands, both of which in times past were valu-
able to us; but we have retained the last and
wasted the first.
'Their broken power renders their friendship
now of less value to us, hut the greed for their
lands seein intensifiedby the absence of danger
in occupying them, and their growing value in
the market for speculative purposes.
The Indian tribes are within our domain,
and by the terms of their treaties, and by their
reduced numbers and strength, are entirely
under our care and power. They cannot en force
treaty stipulations against us by physical force,
and cannot through the law of nations appeal
to other Powers to aid them, or to interfere
even in a friendly manner iorthe enforcement
of their rights under their contracts with us.
Their only hope for justice lies in our honest
discharge ot the agreements we have entered
into with them for valuable consideration, our
part of which has been received and enjoyed,
and with which we are growing prosperous
and wealthy, while they arc living on the pro-
ceeds of the sale of their patrimony, and hourly
in fear and possibly in danger of being out-
casts by the action of a Christian Government
that, they have trusted, and whose promises
they hold, evidenced by our own records,
treaties, and laws,
'The right in the Indian tribes to make con-
tracts for the disposal of their lands has been
recognized by our Goveinmerit too long to be
denied now, and too often to be violated by
the United States because it may do so with
impunity, from disparity of power between
it and the Indian tribes with which it has
dealt, and many of which it owes for those
lands.
The continued repetition of treaties is a
repeated confirmation of the right in the
Indians to make them, and also the right
to deal in or for the subject-matter of those
treaties.
The acceptance of the land granted under
treaties, and the refraining by the Government
from taking Indian lands without treaty stipu-
lation, has fully confirmed the right of the
Indians to cede or withhold the cession of
then* lauds.
The power to sell implies the power to pur-
chase also. If the Indian could sell lands to
the United States, they could also purchase land
of theUnited States, under laws of Congress
authorizing it.
Under the law of May 28, 1830, and treaties
made under that law, various Indian tribes
have purchased or taken in exchange lands
west of the Mississippi river for lands held
by them severally east of that river—the
Choetaws, Chickasaws, Cherokees, and Creek
or Muscogee tribes, now in the Indian territory
proper; and the Miamies, Chipawas, Ottawas,
Pottawatomies, Senecas, Shawnees, and oth-
ers, located in what is now Kansas, and other
States. And in every case to this time the
Government has sacredly sustained its treaties
with these tribes holding under the grants
made under the law of May 28, 1830.
And yet no others of the many grants or ex-
changes of land with tribes under that law are
so carefully guarded as are those of the Chero-
kees, Choetaws, Chickasaws, and the Musco-
gees or Creeks. All their treaties and patents
describe their purchases, and refer in terms
and dates to the law ot 1830 for authority and
power in the premises.
The right of Indians to take lands in fee by
patent has been often granted and repeatedly
exercised by the Government, both by treaty
and bylaws of Congress. Under the law of
May 28, 1830, the Miami Indians of Indiana
sold their lands in that State and removed west
of the Mississippi river, and purchased lands
in Kansas, to which the Osage Indian original
possessory title had been extinguished, (the
same in all particulars of law, treaty, and title
as in the case of the Cherokees, Choetaws,
Chickasaws, and Museogees of the Indian
territory,) and settled upon it in 1840: under
their treaty, made at the forks of the Wabash,
November 28, 1840, by which they agreed to
remove to their new home within six years, but
neglecting, were re noved by military force.
'These Miamies received a patent, for their
purchase in Kansas under their treaties. These
Miamies have been permitted to take fees in
severalty in part partition of their lands under
treaties since their grant in Kansas under the
law of 1830, and t.he remainder of the lands is
now held sacredly for them, uncontrolled by
the State of Kansas, in which they lie.
Another case to which J desire to refer is
that of the united nation of the Chippewa,
Ottawa, and Pottawatomie Indians, formerly
of Indiana, Illinois, and Michigan. By the
second article of the treaty lmtde at Chicago,,
September 20, 1833, it is provided that—
"In part consideration of thoabovecession. (being
a cession of lands to the United States, set forth in
the first article.) it is hereby agreed that tiie U nited
States shall grant to the said united iiauon of In-
dians, to be held as other Indian lands are held
which have lately been assigned t,o njigrpting
Indians, a tract of country west of the Mississippi
river, to be assigned to them by the President of the
United States."
This title was by the United States consid-
ered good, though the law of May 28, 1830,
under which it was made, was not mentioned,
and the lands not described in the treaties
made under that law, and no patent issued by
provisions of any treaty lequiring it. It was
located by the President only, but the Governor
afterward recognized their title, and in 1846
gave them $850,000 in money for it.
The title of the Choetaws, Cherokees, Chick-
asaws, and Museogees is held under the law
of May 28, 1830, by treaties made under that
law and referring to it. The lands are de-
scribed in the treaty, and the law and treaties
severally provide for patent.-, and the patents
were issued and deliveied to those several
tr.bes, each patent naming the law and treaties
under which it is given.
Another reason why we should sustain our
treaties in the full light of contracts with In-
dian tribes lies in the fact that we owe them
