622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
when we have no use for that gold. The inter-
est upon our public debt now is less than
$120,000,000 annually, and shall we collect
more than one hundred million dollars in
gold beyond what is needed to defray all the
requirements that can be made upon the
Treasury for specie ?
Why should we adopt the resolution now ?
I am in favor of an early adjournment. I will
come here and will stay with the Senator from
Indiana day after day, and will promise to
labor as many hours as he, without dilatory
motions or attempting to take up time, to act
upon the important measures which interest
the country, and which Congress is called upon
to pass. And when we have disposed of those
measures one way or the other, or if we cannot
do anything with the tariff and with the other
questions that are pressing upon us, when that
is ascertained I shall unite with the Sena-
tor from Indiana, in voting for the earliest
adjournment. But it seems to me that it is
impolitic, that it is improper to tie our hands at
this time by passing such a resolution ; and I
rose chiefly to say that, that it is a resolution
of not only an unusual but an unprecedented
character. I see 110 object in passing it now, and
the only thing that can grow out of it seems to me
to be evil. When we shall have arrived at
that stage of the session where we can see that
we can do no more, or that we have done all
that we believe we ought to have done, then
let us fix a day of adjournment and take
our departure. No one wants to stay here, I
apprehend, into the hot days of summer.
But, as I said, I did not rise with a view of
delaying the Senate this evening. I offered
an amendment and it was voted down, and I
saw the disposition of the Senate was not to
adopt any amendment. Jt is not my practice
to repeat amendments. I have never meant
upon any occasion to place myself in opposi-
tion to the well-ascertained wishes of the Sen-
ate ; and if the Senate thinks proper to adopt
this resolution, I have no other interest than
other members of the body, and shall acqui-
esce most cheerfully in its decision, and unite
with the Senator from Indiana to do all the
work wo can within the time to which wo
shall be limited by his resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri to the amendment of the Senator from
Maseaclm setts.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to say
one word. I have felt rather indifferent to this
resolution from the beginning, and I am now.
I do not consider its adoption so important as
it seems to be regarded on either side. I have
been rather disposed to look at the adoption
of this resolution at this time by the Senate as
a suggestion, and I think a timely suggestion,
to the other branch of Congress, that so far as
the Senate is concerned it desires to anticipate
an early adjournment; but I do not suppose
that it entirely ties our hands. I do not sup-
pose if we pass this resolution, and we find a
month hence that we cannot act upon the im-
portant bills to which reference has been made
by my friend fiom Illinois, and also the Sen-
atot- from Massachusetts, that it will follow as
a matter of course that we are to adjourn and
leave all these things undone. I look upon it
somewhat in the light that the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Mo brill] did the other day.
We all think we can adjourn in May or early
in June. 1 think that seems to be the general
impression. Is there any harm in our saying
that to the House? That is our expectation,
our desire, our hope.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to ask the
Senator, if the House concur in the resolution
is it not out of our power to change the time?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is, without
their concurrence; but is it presumable to sup-
pose that the House, when it was known that
these important bills were behind, would rush
out of Congress and refuse to extend the
time? It is equally in their power; and the
same patriotic motives that I hope would in-
spire us then it is fair, I think, to presume
would inspire them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then the resolution
amounts to nothing; there is no object in it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have already
said that I considered it rather ordinary in its
way. I do not consider it more than a sug-
gestion on the part of the Senate that on the
whole we think we can adjourn atan early day,
and wc think it is proper to adjourn at an early
day.
For another reason I am willing to vote for
this resolution, and it is the principal reason
that induces me to vote for it, and that is, that
if we can impress the House with the idea
that we are to make a short session, we shall
act upon the bills that are important and just
brush aside a great number of bills which
never ought, in my judgment, to be acted on
at all, or which, at any rate, may pass over to
another session.
These, and these alone, are the considera-
tions which induce me to vote for the resolu-
tion, withoutthe slightestfeelingon thesubject.
Mr. THURMAN. If a majority of the Sen-
ate are determined to pass this resolution, I
see no utility in prolonging the discussion or
consideration of it. If the majority are not in
favor of passing it, then it may be proper to
discuss it. In order to test that question I
move to lay the resolution on the table, and
ask for the yeas and nays on that motion. Let
us have a test question.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Blair, Davis of Kentucky, Davis
of West Virginia, Fenton, Johnston. Kolly.Norwood,
Saulsbury, Schurz, Sherman, Spraguo, Stovonson,
Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, and Trumbull—16.
NAYS — Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Borcman, Cald-
well, Carpenter, Chandler, Clavton, Cole, Conkling,
Corbott, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan,
Freliughuyaen, Gilbert, Hamlin, Hitcncock, Kellogg,
Lewis, Morrillof Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ten, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Ramsey, Rico, Scott,
Spencer, West, Wilson, and Wright—32.
ABSENT — Messrs. Alcorn, Baynrd, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Casserly, Cooper, Cragin,
Ferry ot Connecticut, (Joldthwaite, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Hill, Howe,
Logan, Pomcroy, Pool. Pratt, Robertson, Sawyer,
Stewart, Tipton, Viokers, and Windom—25.
So the motion was not agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri [Mr. SciiurzJ to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Sumner. 1
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THURMAN. Let it be reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment to the
amendment, which was to add the following:
And a law for the reduction of the tariff and of
internal taxation.
Mr. CONKLING. Does anybody want the
yeas and nays on that, Mr. President?
Mr. SUMNER. I do.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 30 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Blair, Davis of Kentucky, Davis
of West Virginia, Johnston, Kelly, Norwood, Sauls-
bury, Schurz, Stevenson, Stockton, Sumner, Thur-
man, and Trumbull—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Cald-
well, Carpenter, Chandler. Clavton, Cole, Conkling,
Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan,
Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan,
Jlill, Hitchcock, Kellogg, Lewis. Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Patter-
son, Ramsey, Rice, Scott, Sherman, Sprague, West,
Wilson, and Wright—36.
ABSENT — Messrs. Aleorn, Bayard, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Casserly, Cooper, Fenton,
Ferry of Connecticut, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Ilowe, Logan,
Pomeroy. Pool, Pratt. Robertson, Sawyer, Spencer,
Stewart, Tipton, Vickers, and Windom—24.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. MORTON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that.
Several Senators. No, no.
Mr. HAMLIN. What is the use of taking
up time ?
Mr. MORTON. I withdraw the call.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. Now I send another amend-
ment to the Chair to come in at the end.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Provided, That there shall be no final adjourn-
ment until after legislation to promote the return to
speciepayments.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. Now I move to strike out
all after the enacting clause of the resolution
and insert:
That in closing the issues of the late rebellion, and
in securing reconciliation among the people of the
United States, justice should precede gener sity;
that we should be just to colored fellow-eitizens,
always faithful to the Republic, but now suffering
under disabilities, before wo are generous to rebels;
that in the removal of disabilities we should begin
with oolored fellow-citizens; but since the removal
of rebel disabilities is now pressed, itis essential that
justice to colored fellow citizens should accompany
this generosity, so that the equal rights of colored
fellow-eitizens shall not be postponed to the amnesty
of rebels, but the two shall go together and be asso-
ciated in the same national statute.
liesolved. That Congress will take no step toward
a final adjournment until the issues of the rebellion
are closed and reconciliation is secured, so far as the
same can be done by act of Congress.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is a very important
and a very solemn amendment, and we ought
to vote upon it with great deliberation, and I
rise to inquire of the Chair if it will be in
order to sing Old Hundred before we vote?
[Laughter. ]
Mr. SUMNER. I think the Senator from
Maine had better lead off. [Laughter.]
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask'for the yeas and
nays on that amendment. [Laughter.]
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I do not
believe that the rights of the colored people
in this country should be trifled with in this
Chamber. There is a tune which they can
sing at the ballot-box.
Mr. CARPENTER, (in his seat.) They
cannot sing it until after the 29th of May.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says they
cannot sing it until after the 29th of May. I
do not know that.
Mr. CARPENTER. We shall have to order
a special election, then.
Mr. SUMNER. Perhaps so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senators
will please address the Chair.
Mr. SUMNER. Sir, I plead for the absent,
for the disabled, for the insulted. I have heard
of those who danced over graves, and I know
in history, and especially in the history of
our own country, that the colored race has
been perpetually insulted—not only proscribed,
but insulted. I may be alone; I hope that I
shall not be ; I haye been in other days; but
I make this sincere effort in order to press
upon the Senate their duty upon this occasion.
I seize the moment. I could not do otherwise
without feeling that I had neglected a duty.
I hope I do not go too far; 1 hope I do not
say what I should not say; but I shall not
have spoken in vain if I secure for the pending
measure of reconciliation the attention of the
Senate; ay, sir, and the attention of the coun-
try. I am anxious that no opportunity should
pass without appealing for that attention, feel-
ing that only through the pending measure can
that reconciliation be obtained which all desire.
Now, sir, 1 do not wish to protract this dis-
cussion. I beg you te believe that I have said
no word with any purpose of delay, but only
to present what seems to me a transcendent
question, a question to be approached seriously
and never with levity.
Mr. CHANDLER. I withdraw the call for
the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They havs
been ordered, and the call can only be with-
drawn by unanimous consent. Is there objec-
tion ?
Mr. STEVENSON. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
is made. The question is on the amendment
