1518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
on Bock Island, in the State of Illinois. The
Government granted to the Chicago and Rook
Island railroad, now one of the great feeders
of the Pacific road, not only the right to go
upon that reservation with their railroad and
build a bridge across the river, but finally the
Government actually built them a railroad
bridge across the Mississippi river, expending
for that purpose more than $500,000 which we
have appropriated out of the Treasury for that
work. Why? Not altogether in the interest of
the railroad company, by any means, but be-
cause it facilitated the transportation of the
munitions of war which might be manufac-
tured at our arsenal on that island, and fur-
nished means of communication to the island
from the west across the main channel of the
river for commeicial and military purposes.
Mr. Speaker, we have built a railroad to the
Pacific, and I expect we shall build two more.
We expended large sums of money in building
the Union and Central Pacific railroad. It
was a giant undertaking; it has cost a great
deal of money; but who in this House, notwith-
standing the money it has cost, would talk of
undoing that work ? Who, of these gentlemen
that have talked loudest about what they are
pleased to term land grants to railroad monop-
olies would, if he could to-day, tear up the
track of the Pacific railroad, destroy the sta-
tions along its line, drive away tho settlers
who have been induced to go there by the
building of the road, and restore tiiat country
to the howling wilderness which it was before
that road was constructed? Who would do it
for the sake of putting back into the Treasury
the money we have paid out or of canceling
the bonds now outstanding? 1 do not believe
there is a man in the House who would do any
such thing.
Sir, we have done something else in the in-
terest of commerce in the West and of this
channel of commerce at this very session. We
have raised the dignity of the minister to Japan
to that of a first class mission, and have in-
creased his salary. We have also recently
sent to Japan our Commissioner of Agricul-
ture for the purpose of introducing our system
of agriculture there. I read in the papers a
day or two ago that lie has, through his agents,
collected together at a depot in Chicago, ready
for shipment to Japan, stock, mills, farming
and agricultural implements. These things
are ready to be shipped to Japan for the pur-
pose of developing that country and educating
and improving that people, and thus opening
and fostering what will eoon grow to be an
immense trade with us, if we are wise and give
it the favor of the Government.
We are also paying $500,000 subsidy to a
steamship company running a monthly line
of steamships to Japan and China. For what
purpose? For the purpose of grasping the com-
merce of Asia, and making a market for our
surplus productions. All this we have done,
and now it is proposed to compel this railroad
company to build its depot several miles away
from the dock where those steamships must
land their freight, and compel the loading and
unloading several times of all that freight which
is to be transshipped from San Francisco to the
East. Does not every gentleman know that
every burden we put upon a railroad company
or upon ships engaged in the transportation ot
freight and in commerce is so lar a burden
upon the people, who pay the taxes and who
pay for those freights in the increased cost
of transportation? Why, sir, it seems to me
very much like the policy that has been pur-
sued by Congress in erecting this beautiful
Capitol here, in expending all that we have
upon the ornamentation of the interior, in
making it convenient and elegant, and then
leaving the grounds that are about it in an
inconvenient if not an indecent condition for
the want of a few thousand dollars. So with
this railroad and this great commercial high-
way. After having paid millions for the con-
struction of this road; after having subsidized
steamship lines in order that we might grasp
the commerce of Asia; after raising the mis-
sion to Japan, then to refuse to grant to this
company the poor right of building a depot on
this island of rock, in the interest of commerce,
seems to me to be very foolish policy.
Gentlemen say that this island might be sold
for a large amount of money. Sir, for what
purpose? Who will buy it? I put that ques-
tion to a gentleman a day or two ago, and his
answer was, "Why, this very railroad com-
pany would probably buy it." But suppose
you had no railroad, of what value would it
be? The bay of San Francisco is very valu-
able, very; but like this island it never was
of any value until there was a city, and until
there was some commerce to float upon it.
This island was never of any value except as a
habitation of sea gulls and wild goats and
rooks, until a railroad looked toward it, which
now asks the privilege of running its cars on
its shores. You might as well talk about sell-
ing the waters of the bay of San Francisco for
a large amount of money as about selling the
privilege of landing upon this island.
This island is of value for commercial and
military purposes. The waters of the bay of
San Francisco are valuable for precisely the
same purposes. There is no homestead inter-
est involved in this matter; there is no wrong-
ing the poor laboring man or denial of his
right to dig and till the soil. No laboring
man will ever plant his potatoes on Gout
Island; if he should plant them there he never
would dig any out. No landless man will
ever covct it for a farm—nothing of the sort.
Yet it is in the pretended interest of the land-
less poor man that gentlemen oppose this
measure. Sir, there is nothing of the kind
involved in the proposition. It is simply be-
cause by reason of the growth of the city of
San Francisco, and because we have estab-
lished commerce in the bay of San Francisco,
and because they have built this road to Oak-
land, and the island is required for this very
purpose that it has become valuable, and it is
valuable for no other purpose.
I sailed around this island two or three
years ago in company with several military
gentlemen, among them the officer command-
ing that department. We discussed the sub-
ject; we talked about the use of the island for
military purposes, and in connection with this
project of the railroad running a track from
the main land at Oakland. But I did not heat-
any military man express the opinion that the
Government ought to refuse the railroad the
right to build a road to this island, not one.
It is said by some gentlemen here that it
will destroy the harbor of San Francisco ; that
it will destroy the bay of San Francisco for
commercial purposes. How can that be when
all the members from the Pacific slope are in
favor of it? Would the members and Senators
from Calafornia and the Pacific shore vote to
destroy the bay of San Francisco and the com-
merce of that city? The supposition is absurd.
The members upon this floor from the Pacific
(and I believe they are all in favor of this bill)
are either very great fools, or else there is no
truth in that statement.
Mr. Speaker, I have opposed land grants,
not indiscriminately, as is the habit of some
gentlemen, I fear; but I have opposed them as
diligently, and to the extent of my ability as
faithfully and effectually as any man on this
floor. I do not propose to vote for any new
grants of land for the purpose of constructing
a railroad. There is nothing of that sort in
this bill. I do not think I shall ever vote to
give away any portion of the public domain
which is fit for settlement, which will afford
homes for the homeless poor, in order to enable
a railroad to be constructed. But this is not
such a case; nothing like it. At the same
time I will say here and everywhere else that
in my opinion the policy which has been pur-
sued in the past of devoting a portion of the
public lands to developing the country has
been to a very great extent—not in all cases—
a wise one. But we have probably arrived at
the limit where that policy should be changcd.
I believe that the granting of lands to build
the Illinois Central railroad was a very wise
measure. The granting of lands to build the
Pacific railroad was, in my opinion, a wise
measure. And so with many of the grants in
the new States of the Northwest. I would not
undo what has been done in that respect.
But this is no land grant. The Government
reserves the right to use the island for military
purposes, and itisworthless forany other ; and
the use of it by the railroad company makes
it far more valuable. Suppose this Congress
should refuse the present application, and
that the railroad company should continue
their depot at Oakland, what will be in a few
years the result? Just as surely as you sit in
that chair, Congress will be called upon to
appropriate a few million dollars more or
less to dredge out the bay of San Francisco,
so that large steamers may land at Oakland
close to the railroad depot. Why, sir, gen-
tlemen who are so clamorous against this im-
provement vote for river and harbor improve-
ments. They always vote to dredge out bays
and rivers, and to build docks and piers at
little towns, in the interest of commerce. Sup-
pose we compel the railroad company to build
their depots five or six miles from San Fran-
cisco and to land and receive freight there,
do you suppose that commerce is going to be
burdened through all time with this unneces-
sary tax for transshipment, for carrying all
freights to and from San Francisco and Oak-
land after they have been landed from the
ships and the cars? By no means; and you
will be called upon to vote upon the question
of appropriating millions out of the public
Treasury to enable ships to land at Oakland,
close to the railroad.
I do not know any difference in principle
between enabling a railroad to go close to the
ships and enabling the ships to go close to
the railroad. If gentlemen can vote to let
the ships go to the railroad, they can vote
to let the railroad go to the ships. Why not?
It is as short as it is long, and as long as it
is short. I think the easiest thing for us, and
certainly the cheapest thing for us, because it
takes no money out of the Treasury, is to let-
this railroad, at its own expense, build from
its present terminus across to this island.
This takes no money out of the Treasury, and
takes nothing which is of any value except as
it is made valuable by this very need of com-
merce.
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman from Illinois,
then, would establish the ''general-order sys-
tem'"' by statute, in reference to which gentle-
men on the other side of the House have not
been quite so complimentary. That is pre-
cisely what this bill proposes.
Mr. EARNSWORTH. If that is a part of
the "general-order system," then I do not
understand it. If it is a partof the " general-
order system " to bring the railroads and the
ships which bring commerce to our shores to-
gether, so that they may do away with trans-
shipment, then I do not know what the "gen-
eral-order system " is.
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman would grant
this island of Yerba Buena to this company
upon which to establish general-order ware
houses.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This proposes to
bring the raiiroads and the ships together so
as to relieve commerce from any imposition,
while the " general-order system " takes the
goods, not to the railroads, but to other
places, and in the transit steals part of them.
[Laughter.] That is the "general-order sys-
tem," so far as I understand it. This is an
entirely different thing. This enables the rail-
roads to take the freight from ships directly.
If we abolish the " general-order system,"
which I hope and believe will be done, then
goods will be taken from the ships to tire
