1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4207
would cut off about $11,000,000 from the Treas-
ury ; if twenty-four cents, about $4,000,000,
atid if twenty cents, about $8,000,000.
The committee, a<t.er a great deal of trouble
about this tax, concluded to make it twenty
cents. We then aggregated the reductions,
and we found that they reached $58,000,000.
This fact came to the ears of the Treasury
officials and they brought down upon us official
statements to show that it we reduce the reve-
nue $58,000,000 those who are responsible for
the administration of the Government are of
the opinion that we should not have enough
to pay the sinking fund. I am not here to
discuss the soundness of that opinion. I do
not think any member of the committee, how-
ever much they may have differed from that
conclusion, was willing to take the responsi-
bility out of official hands and take it upon his
own shoulders. We thought that those who
are responsible for it should be listened' to
in this matter, and therefore we concluded
that we must go back to where the House bill
left it with twenty cents upon tobacco. We
then cast about to see where we could take
oil' $4,000,000 of reduction, and it cost us a
good many hours of labor, thi result of which
was that we thought it best that we should
restore schedule 0.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Entire?
Mr. DAWHS. Yes, entire. For the sake
of uniformity and simplicity we agreed to that,
and it. included friction matched, very much to
my regret.
Mr. RANDALL. In the interest of a
monopoly.
Mr.'DAWES. We also retained the tax on
bank checks to make up the difference.
Mr. KELLOGG. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts have any objection after this hill
is passed to allow us to test the sense of the
House upon this question of the tax on fric-
tion matches?
Mr. DAWES. Of course I shall have no
objection.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I would ask the
gentleman how much this tax on matches pro-
duced this year ?
Mr. DAWES. Two and a quarter million
dollars this year, and it is estimated that it
will yield $2,500,000 next year. I have stated
briefly the reasons which controlled the com-
mittee, and all of us in the end acquiesced
that it was necessary to retrace our steps so
that the reduction should be $4,000,000 less.
Mr. FAUNS WORTH. 1 desire to inquire
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, in ref-
erence to the tarilf upon qnimii", what have
they agreed upon? Did theyyield to the prop-
osition of the Senate?
Mr. DAWES. We made the duty twenty
per cent.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is ten percent,
more than the House agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. It is a reduction of fifty per
cent, under the existing law.
Mr. FaRNSWORTH. I would like to in-
quire what was done in relation to pine and
spruce timber?
Mr. DAWES. The Senate amendment in
regard to that was taken as a whole. The
whole of the Senate amendment upon those
two items is a reduction upon the House bill.
Mr. EARNS WOll IH. I do not know how
the gentleman gets at it that the Senate has
made a reduction of duty upon lumber upon
the whole. They have made a reduction on
hemlock lumber.
Mr. DAWES. I can tell the gentleman.
Take ten per cent, off existing duties, and cal-
culate upon the receipts of last year, and it
gives you a certain sum. Take the rate of
duty fixed by the Senate amendment, and upon
the same rectipts you get adiflereut sum.
Mr. FAliNsWOltlH. 1 do not intend to
antagonize the report particularly as a whole,
but I am very sorry the committee have agreed
to the increase of duty upon lumber. The
present tariff is twenty per cent., and the sta- j
tistics of last jfear's imports show that pine
lumber, as a whole, has been valued, for the
put pose of the duty, at a little over eight dol-
lars per thousand feet, which would make a
specitic duty of about one dollar and eighty
cents per thousand.
Mr. DAWES. That is so.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Now, the commit-
tee have made it two dollars per thousand. In
the West it is still more onerous. The statis-
tics show that pine lumber—and it is only pine
that is imported from the Canadas—■pays a
duty of about one dollar and twenty cents per
thousand. It is valued at between six and
seven dollars per thousand whore the duty is
put on it. Now, the committee of conference
have actually increased the tariff upon lumber
from SI 20 per thousand to two dollars per
thousand, so far as tilt? West is concerned.
Mr. DAWES. That arises from what I have
stated.
. Mr. FARNSWORTH. I know the commit-
tee have reduced the tariff ou a small portion
of the lumber.
Mr. PETEftS. Upon shingles, laths, clap-
boards, and such lumber, tnere is a great
decrease of duty.
Mr. SAWYER. During the last five years
the lumber brought into the Chicago market
has been worth from eleven to twelve dollars
per thousand.
Mr. BUROHARD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes j what
stamps are repealed and what are retained?
As I understand it all the stamps in schedule
B except bank check stamps are repealed,
and all the siamps in schedule C are retained.
Mr. DAWES. I will again state in regard
to stamps, aside from whisky and tobacco
stamps, all the stamps in schedule B except
those upon bank checks are repealed. Those
upon checks and all in schedule C are re-
tained. It was the original intention to repeal
them all, together with the stamps on playing
cards and friction matches
Mr. TOWN SEND, of Pennsylvania. Has
any provision been made for tlie redemption
atid cancellation of stamps held by private
individuals at the time this act takes effect?
Mr. DAWES. I think that is provided for
in the bill.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I have
not been able to find the provision.
Mr. L. MYBliS. As I understand it, the
Senate has reduced the duty on glassware
twenty per cent., a very unexpected blow to
an interest that is not able to afford it. I
desire to ask the gentleman fiom Massachu-
setts what impelled the committee of confef-
euce to agree to that?
Mr. DAWES. Absolute necessity.
Mr. L. MYERS. That is hardly ail answer
to my question.
Mr. DAWES. It was necessary to concede
on all sides. The House made the ten per
cent, reduction apply to plate glass alone ; the
Senate insisted that the ten percent, should
apply to all gUss. There are interests in my
own district of both plate and other glass, and
1 struggled to keep it all out, but I was com-
pelled, as I said some time ago, to count that
among my grievances.
Mr. BROOKS. Why not put in earthenware,
the glass of the common people? The exist-
ing duty on all earthenware is practically about
fifty-two and a hall per cent.
MONTANA.
The SPEAKER. The Senate have sent to
the House a request for the return of House
bill No. 2633, amendatory of an act to pro-
vide a temporary government for the Terri-
tory of Montana, approved May 26, 1864. If
there be no objection the request of the Senate
will be complied with.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
TARIFF AND TAX BILL.
The House resumed the consideration of
the report of the committee of conference oh
the tariff and tax bill.
Mr. DAWES. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Michigan, [Mr. Conger.]
Mr. COGGER. I wish to ask the chair-
man what conclusion the committee came to
ill regard to the duty on Moieie iron ?
Mr DAWES. We have put it at fifteen
dollars per ton, three dollars less than the
duty upon bar and hammered iron.
Mr. CONGER. By an inadvertence in the
House, Moisie iron was put, in at the same
rate as pig iron. Now, sir, Moisie iron is the
purest and best iron that is imported into this
country.
I Mr. STEVENSON. That is the reason we
want to get it as cheaply as we can.
Mr. CONGER. It is as pure as Swedish
iron. It is worth one third more than English
bar iron. It comes into competition with all
the Lake Superior bloom, and the iron of
northern New York, and some other places,
with all the superior kind of iron made from
magnetic iron ore and specular iron ore. The
importation of Moisie iron or its equivalent
kind of iron at the rate of duty proposed will
interfere most materially with some of the
best iron interests of Michigan and New Yoik.
The committee propose to admit it at three
dollars per ton less than English iron and
Swedish iron.
Now, by our treaty obligations all bar and
hammered charcoal iron must be permitted to
come into the country at the same rate; and t
ask the chairman of the committee whether it
is understood that under our treaty obligations
all Swedish, Prussian, English, and other irons
of the quality of Moisie iron must he intro-
duced into this country at fifteen dollars
instead of eighteen dollars?
Mr. DAWES. It is not so understood.
This iron, which when worked up is very
probably of the quality mentioned by the gen-
tleman from Michigan, is in its rough state
similar to the specimen which I hold in my
hand, which is the end of a pig; the middle of
it would look a little better than thia. Now,
if this iron is hammeted or wrought out and
all the dross beaten out of it, so as to make it
good bar iron, it will come in at eighteen dol-
lars a ton. We were satisfied that it would
cost about twelve dollars a ton to hammer it
out. In that process it suffers a shrinkage of
some twenty or thirty per cent.; but after
undergoing the process it is very fine iron.
If that work is performed on the other side of
the line, the iron will come in at eighteen dol-
lars. We thought it quite an object to have
that work performed in this country; and,
therefore, we made a difference of only three
dollars between bar iron and this kind of iron.
We may have been wrong, but that is what
we did.
Mr. CONGER. Now, Mr.Speaker, this piece
of iron which has been brought in here 
Mr. DAWES. There were much better
specimens before the committee.
Mr. CONGER. This piece of iron is part
of a slag which has not gone through the ham-
mering process. It takes three hundred and
fif y bushels of charcoal to make a ton of
Moisie iron. At ten cents a bushel, thirty-
five dollars' worth of charcoal is needed to
make a ton of this iron. It costs as much to
make it as the best English iron or the best
Swedish iron. Now, some Canadians have
brought this specimen of slag, the rough
end of hammered iron, and have imposed upon
the intelligent gentlemen of the committee by
representing it as a fair specimen of Moisie
iron. It is mere slag, the unhammered end
of a piece of fluxed iron.
Now, this Moisie iron must be worked when
first fluxed. That is the object of fluxing it
so that it may be put under the hammer. This
has not been put under the hammer, and is
dross at that.
Mr. DAWES. I thought you wanted to ask
a question.
