1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2415
money and other articles of property, as set
forth in those treaties, in consideration for the
lands we purchased from them.
This is true of the tribes with whom we have
dealings now in the Indian territory, as will
be seen by reference to the following table:
Tribes.
Cnerokees 
Oreeks 
Choctaws 
Ohieliasaws 
Pottawatomies   
Seminole^ 
Sacs and Foxes 
Os.isres 
Kiowas, Comanches, and Apaches.
Arapahoes and Cheyennes 
Pcorios, Piankeshaws, &c 
Ottuwas   
Shawnees    
Senccas and Shawnees 
Annual perma-
nent provisions
capitalized.
$210,400 00
60,000 00
27,255 40
21,200 00
Aggregate
amount of bonds
held in trust.
$1,580,975 35
506.427 20
1,185.883 10!
111.500 00
17,200 00
•11,000 CO
122,103 02
21,674 48
49,536 97
20,149 86
Aggregate
amount due
under treaties.
$1,399,368 00
390,257 80
455,581 57
570,000 00
1,023,700 00
69,120 00
780,000 00
520,000 00
100,000 00
21,000 00
By violating treaty stipulations we repudiate
our debts to these tribes, and most certainly
no honest man will refuse-to pay these poor
and helpless people while he is willing to pay
onr other creditors of the Government, who
are better able to care for themselves, and yet
whose claims are no more valid.
Lands were always purchased of the Indians
•cheaply, so that our debts to them were for
valuable and full consideration, while our
national bonds sold at one time for less than
forty cents on the dollar of their face. Yet
who is base enough to desire their repudia-
tion? Then let us not repudiate the Indian's
claim, made under treaty and laws of the Gov-
ernment.
Again, we must not forget that our treaties
with these Indians have been made with them
in their tribal way ; our purchases of land were
made in that way, and our promises to pay
and our payments made were in the same way.
The Indians held their lands in common, and
so sold them ; the proceeds were due them m
common, and when paid were always divided
pro rata.
Yi'hatever destroys the tribal relation of the
Indians, unless well guarded by further agree-
ment or by law, will defeat the treaty con-
tiacts we hold with them, and leave no one
authorized to hold their bonds for them or to
eoilect or receive the moneys or property due
or owing to them, and it must, in tliat^case,
escheat to the Government of the United
States, and pauperize every Indian within our
jurisdiction.
Is there a man in America so lost to his
own and the national honor as to desire such
a thing : such a robbery of defenseless and
helpless Indians by the Government; such a
plundering of the weak by the strong?
Again, the lands held by some of the Indians
are upon the original possessory title of those
who resided on the lands when this country-
was discovered, and is known as a title ot
occupancy. Those have been circumscribed
into reservations that are now retained under
treaty stipulations. The peace and quiet of
the Indians depend on the sanctity of these
treaties. The lands held by the tribes m Uie
Indian territory are by purchases in their tribal
capacitv, and paid tor by transfers ot other
tribal lands, or in tribal moneys. J.he pur-
chases were made by treaties under laws au-
thoiizing it, and are heid by patents executed
in conformity to those treaties and laws, and
all are conditional that the lauds shall revert
to the United States when the tribes become
extinct, or the Indians shall abandon the
same.
Certainly no statesman will attempt to torce
the conditions of a contract of his own Govern-
ment against a whole people, to torce the tribal
extinction for the purpose of compelling an
escheat, of the homes ul these people, lor which
thev have paid the Government long since, and
„0 one will permit what lie would not commit
ir. that direction. Finally I will read the act
of Congress approved March 3, 1871, which
provides—
" That hereafter no Indian nation or tribe within
the territory of the United states shall be acknowl-
edged or recognized as an independent nation, tribe,
or Power, with whom the United States may ex-
tract by treaty: Provided .further, That, nothing
herein contained shall be construed to invalidate
or impair the obligation of any treaty heretofore
lawfully made and ratified with any Indian nation
or tribe."
INDIAN CITIZENSHIP.
It is proper in this connection to refer to the
question of making citizens of Indians, and to
ihe mode that, has been proposed for doing so,
with a showing of the serious and troublesome
effects that would follow any general law on
that subject, unless well guarded by protect-
ive property-title clauses.
The mode proposed is only another way of
working dishonorable escheats of Indian prop-
erty by tribal dissolution, without legal guar-
antees for piotecting their titles and property
from escheat and waste.
It is argued that the Indians cannot become
citizens of the United States and hold their
tribal relations at the same time ; and to cure
this it is proposed to compel them by law to
dissolve the tribal relations in order to become
citizens, and to abandon all their ownership 1
in the tribal property, lands, money, and inter- j
est of all kind.
That is to authorize or counsel them to
become citizens by first pauperizing them-
selves by a permitted voluntary escheat, or
what is still worse on our part, having been
by us pauperized by the compulsory escheat
of their property to the Government, that
would in this case have violated its pledges
with and plundered the people it proposes to
citizemze lay way of civilizing the Indian under
Christian influences.
This proposition carried out is to authorize
or compel the Indian to purchase, a', a sacri-
fice of all his property, the privilege ot be-
coming a citizen of the United Sta'es,^ h s
property going by escheat, on account i f the
disruption of his tribe, directly to the Govern-
ment that makes the offer, and the property
thus received by the Government would be iti
the destruction of its own solemn agreements
with the -Indians. This is not done with
other people, and it should not and must not
be with these, and certainly is no inducement
either to the citizenation or the civilization of
the Indians, and no encouragement for the
voluntary dissolution ot tubal relations.
It is proposed to naturalize these people,
men and women, under the laws for natural-
izing persons of foreign birth, while these are
native-born. It is also, by this measure, pro-
posed to absolve them from the foreign Power,
that is the Indian tribe to which they belonged,
and of course, as the naturalization laws pre-
scribe, from all other Powers whatsoever.
This is> an 'acknowledgment of the iacfc that
the tribe had- power to make treaties, and yet,
with all this, it is still proposed to disregard
the treaties made with such tribes.
These are serious subjects, not only to the
defenseless tribes of Indians who are by such
movements, if successful, to be annihilated and
robbed, but to the nation whose honor is worth
preserving, and needs the care in these mat- '
ters of thinking and well-meaning men.
It is, by these measures, required that In-
dians, both men and women, in addition to all
the enumerated hardships preparatory to and
the price of becoming citizens, shall first prove
that for five years last, past, before applying for
naturalization, he or she has adopted civilized
habits and has maintained him or herself and
family, if the head of one.
Thus the proposition is to make them prove
that for five years they have sustained them-
selves, then they are to be pauperized by a
necessary escheat of their-property, and thus
citizenized and naked they are authorized to
contend with civilized and educated society,
and prosper or fail as the sequel would show.
These are the hardships of the proposed plans
to destroy the Indian title to his lands by the
act of civilization by citizenship.
The proposition to citizenize the Indian, and
save his property to him, either in common or
in severalty, would not suit those men who
desire the territorial government established
over the Indian territory, because the purpose
of the whole and several movements in that
direction has one initiative and one object-
ive point. The first is to destroy the tribal
title to, and the last is to get the tribal lands
for railroad purposes, under the anticipatory
laws of July 25, 20, and 27,1866, preparedfor
this purpose, and pressed now with quite as
much zeal as integrity and worth will permit.
The Indians are reaching a point at which
they can be citizenized and individualized, but
all these movements by which their titles and
property are threatened or endangered drives
them closer to their tribal relation, and looses
their confidence in thp people and Government,
and delays their civilization. No one labors
well who doubts the title to his farm on which
he labors, whether he is a white, red, or black
man. *
Finallv, we should stand by the treaties made
by the Government with these tribes of Indians
for the reason, among others, that the}' are
friendless. They have been friendless because
they have had, and some still have, property,
which they are not as well able to care for as
are the whites, and which Christian greed now
demands. Itis a sad commentary on our Chris-
tian civilization thatourphilauthropy as a peo-
ple is in exact inverse ratio to our personal
interest in the subject of philanthropic con-
sideration.
The negro had friends in this country wno
did good service in arousing the public m.nd
to his interests, resulting in the utter madness
of Ins oppressor and the liberation of the
slaves ; but it will hardly be forgotten that the
friends of the slaves were, with few liomrable
exceptions, those who had no pecuniary inter-
est in the results of his toil or the price of his
sale. Some of the churches did, after long
neo-lfct, rally to the support of the cause ot
God and humanity, and they said thatslfueiy
was wrong, and even some ministers of the
Gosoel gave that as their opinion. Now, no
man is mad enough to indorse slavery or to
want, its veostablishment.
May we hope that the people are be-
coming to some extent awakened to the true
condition of those Indians, and that Lie
churches and ministers are aroused to speak
for them The President did a most noole
act in calling on the churches to present men
■! for the care of these people, and in requumg
ll that the church organizations shall recommend
i a"d indorse those that they send to this work,
J thus securing the best and not the worst
l! of laborers' as has too long been the cus.om.
In this Chiistian nation, when the Indian-
have melted away at the fearful average rate
of one bandied thousand per year for two
