1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
571
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Condition of the South—Mr. Sloss.
Ho. of Reps.
pure men of the past generation, my sole
object has been, as far as I could, in honest
emulation, to restore fraternal feelings between
the different sections of our once happy and
prosperous country, and to secure such legis-
lation as would inure to the benefit of my peo-
ple, and to place them, the people of all the
South, as well as of my district and State,
upon an equal footing, as to their rights and
privileges, with the citizens of all other sec-
tions ; to aid in the development of the vast
resources of our country, North and South,
Bast and West, and the encourageuient of
such enterprises as would result in substantial
benefit to eiiher and to all. I bad hoped never
to have recurred to sectional matters on this
floor in a political sense, but that, while rep-
resenting, as I humbly do, the people of my
district, and the State of Alabama in part,
I might claim at the same time, in my hon-
est endeavor to be a useful Representative
in the national Congress of the country, and
in my votes and acts, to legislate fairly and
honestly for the good of the whole country,
for every class and for every section. I am
here, of course, with my first duty and nearest
interest to represent the local affairs of my
own district and State. Beyond that it has been
my sincere desire to consider always the honor,
the safety, the prosperity, and the good of the
entire American people.
But, sir, I am afraid this same spirit has not
always actuated other Representatives upon
this floor, and I am constrained by a sense
of duty to rise in defense of the people of my
section and to speak against the unjust legis-
lation sought to be imposed upon them, based
as it is upon unfounded statements made by
ignorant hirelings, and at the iustance and in-
spiration of reckless and mercenary partisans,
who, devoid of any honest feeling of patriot-
ism or proper sense of the interests of the
country, sow discord and strife among the
people that they may profit by the misfortunes
of their countrymen. It was earnestly hoped
that when the war ended peace would leturn,
and that the bitter feelings engendered would
be allayed by conciliation and a national fra-
ternity. But the dominant party of the coun-
try have sadly disappointed that hope, and by
an unwise, unjust, as well as by a revengeful
policy, have kept alive the fires of hate, and
have sought by every ingenuity and cruelty
of the law to further subjugate the southern
people. The President of this party, on com-
ing into power, with a blare of trumpets pro-
claimed "Peace on earth and good will
among men." We looked to him for justice.
His great military triumphs, all men thought,
would make him generous to the prostrate
foe. The history of his administration, on
every page of which is written military des-
potism with the point of the ever ready bayo-
net, shows painfully our mistaken hopes and
illustrates more than one truth in history.
Bui further commentary is unnecessary, and
it is perhaps not becoming in this place to
criticise. Enough that there is no hope from
the head of the Government, and no mercy to
be expected at the hands of those who put
him in power.
The war was over ; a brave, manly fight had
been maintained. We were at the mercy of
the conqueror. Seven years have passed, yet
no mercy ever came. We have read of the
magnanimity which characterized the brave
conquerors of other times and on other fields,
but it is not in the history of our day or of our
war. Conquered and prostrate yet; stripped of
every resource, denied every privilege ; ruled
by an iron despotism, with enforced equality
sought to humiliate and degrade. In these
long years, in these conquered Si-'.es, not one
word of conciliation or of generosity has come
to us from tbis great party or its leader; but,
on the contrary, every device has been resorted
to—the suspension of the writ of habeas
corpus, the military satrap system, the Ku
IGux laws, the mixed schools, enforced social
equality under the name and guise of "civil
rights," and the withholding of amnesty that
we might further feel that we had no rights
under the laws and Constitution of the Repub-
lic that this dominant party were bound in any
manner to respect.
The war has been ended seven years, and in
that lime the earnest desire of the people of the
South has been to have peace, to return to their
usual avocations, and to promote in everyway
the welfare of their families and the good or-
der of their communities. The Radical party
prospered by the war, and they did not intend
that it should cease when military operations
were ended; and they have carried out their
purpose. Both Houses of Congress have every
day resounded with diatribes against us. The
grossest exaggerations have been made as to
the condition of affairs, and the cunningest
inventions to keep alive and promote disorder
and dissensions in our midst. In despite of
all this there are no people on this' continent
to-day more obedient to the laws of the coun-
try, or more anxious to preserve their alle-
giance to the Government than the people of
Alabama. They have suffered, they still suf-
fer, but 1 am proud to say that they have been
true and faithful in every duty as good citizens,
and no man can gainsay it.
In a vast country like this, made up as it is
with so many and different elements of soci-
ety, disorders will occasionally exist. They
grow out of a thousand promoting causes, and
within the past year we have seen that they
have occurred in New York, Pennsylvania,
in Illinois, and in other northern and western
States. In them all the laws have been vio-
lated and defied. The mad excitement of the
hour, no matter what the occasion, has carried
the perpetrators to violent excesses, and
brought communities for the time into disre-
pute. I do not claim that the South has been
exempt from such eruptions. In the abnormal
condition of things which has existed there
since the war, and I need not stop to particu-
larize, it would have been marvelous had
there not been ; but our misfortune has been
this: that whenever and wherever a disturb-
ance, of whatever character, has occurred
within our territory, its magnitude has been
exaggerated, and the cause imputed to but,
one source, that of disloyalty. There are
instances of violation of law and the good
order and decency of society having been
summarily punished by outraged and excited,
though ill-advised citizens. There have been
personal feuds ; there have been occasional
outbreaks here and there by lawless men.
There have been local disturbances, not one
of which has originated in political feeling
or was of any sectional or national signifi-
cance, arising as they did from other causes
and upon the impulse of the moment; for
men are imbued with the same passions every-
where ; yet in every instance the northern Rad-
ical press has heralded them to the country
as originating in disloyalty and resistance to
the Government, and they have been cited
in this Hall as a reason, and a foundation
to b:iild upon, why unjust and cruel jaws
should be fastened upon all the people of the
South. Sir, in behalf of my people, I protest
against such injustice, based as it is upon such
insufficient evidence.
The majority report of the Committee on
Southern Outrages, gotten up as that, commit-
tee was for purely partisan purposes and pre-
sented to this House for its consideration, is but
a tissue of exaggerations and misrepresenta-
tions from the beginning to the end. Let any
impartial man read it; let him know the char-
acter of the testimony it contains and of the
men who gave it, and I do not fear or doubt
his decision. Thfere can be but one opinioa
of it, and that as I have characterized it.
What if that report has been propped up heie
by members of this body claiming to be repre-
sentatives from States in the South, it does
not alter my opinion, because I speak honestly
of that which I know to be true and which
nine tenths of the people of the South know
to be true.
Heretofore, sir, in the best days of the Re-
public, members of Congress were here to
represent the opinions, the will, and the best
interests of the people of their districts. They
stood upon this floor to advocate their rights
and to defend their interests. a strange spec-
tacle presents itself to-day. There are those
here who who claim to be representatives, and
of what? They denounce iu speeches the intel-
ligent, honest, and influential of their own
people, iu order, by pandering to the preju-
dices of an ignorant and easily-influenced
population, to keep themselves in place. They
join hands with the party which seeks to crush
us to the earth, and in speeches and votes do
their utmost to rivet our chains. What do they
care for the character of their State or the fair
fame of their people ? Listen to some of their
statements and believe them if you can. They
assure you with a well-assumed virtue and hor-
ror, and wilhouta blush, that the South is the'
most infernally, diabolically lawless land on the
face of the earth; that there men are hunted
down and killed for political opinions. Yet,
strange to say, these men, so reckless in the
utterance of such radical opinions on ■ the
stump, and from their places in Congress, are,
alive, fresh and robust, and here to-day to
draw their pay and tell you these horrible
stories. Were the malice and power of their
party leBS, we might enjoy the extreme absurd-
ity of their statements. Such men as these
advocate the adoption of this report and
vouch for the credibility of the testimony it
contains. Par nobile fratrum I Some time
ago the ex-Governor of my State, whose
official thrift had been a subject of general
remark, appeared in this city before the Ku
Klux Committee, and testified under oath, as
he was required, that he had been obliged
to fly from his home and State to save his life
because of his political opinions, and that he
could not return without the most imminent
danger. The next day he drew his per diem
and mileage as a witness and went straight
back among the people he had so vilely tra-
duced, and suffered no other consequences,
as I have learned, than their unmitigated con-
tempt.
But, Mr. Speaker, I will not further occupy
the time of this House by multiplying individ-
ual cases, which are within my own knowl-
edge, of the utter absurdity and falsity of the
statements made and charges brought against
our people. They are, indeed, too numerous
to mention, and almost too ridiculous to com-
ment upon. The white people of the South
are not devoid of common sense, if it is true,
as our enemies allege, that they have no patri-
otism. The termination of the war ended all
resistance to the Government of the United
States. The ambitious dream of a separate
government was hopelessly broken. I hat
idea has been forever'completeiy and utterly
abandoned. Such being the case, what would
logically follow? a return to their allegiance
to the United States. This has honestly and
unreservedly been the case. True, the long war
made deep wounds—we were more than human
were they not. To many "these wounds are
yet sore; no hand from the North has been
stretched out to heal them ; time, that cures all
things, has done more than kindness. I may be
pardoned for any pride I may exhibit in the
proud courage and gentle submission of the
southern people. History furnishes no paral-
lels. Throughout the North the political
