THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
•Mr. CONGER. I wanted to call the atten-
tion of the House to the imposition or fraud
which haS'been practiced upon the committee
by bringing in this as a specimen of what is
called Moisie iron.
' Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Michi-
gan [Mr.- Conoer] had better address, his re-
marks to his colleague [Mr. Sutherland]
from the Michigan iron district, who moved to
make the duty on this iron the same'as on pig
iron. '' I do not want to argue the matter.' We
made three uotlars difference between this
article arid perfect bar iron.
I noivyteld t<J nfy colleague, [M"r. Butler.]
Mr. BUTLiELlj of Massachusetts. I desire
simfsly to ask what htis become of the proposi-
tion to allow one third of import duties to be
paid in greenbacks? [Laughter.]
Mr.' DAWES. I will state, Mr. Speaker,
that ujbou an investigation of the bearing of
that project uj)on the currency of the country
it became evident that it would draw green-
backs' from the Western country to the sea-
board'to be hoarded up in the banks in the
eastern -cities, and Would thus cause finan-
cial Stringency at the West. Everybody in
the committee acquiesced iu striking out that
provisibn.
Mr. "BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Where
did you get that information ?
■ Mr. DAWES. , I do not know particularly ;
it came to fis^when we looked into the matter.
[Laughtef.Y _
Mf. RANDALL. I would like to inquire
whether the committee has made any estimate
of the amount of internal revenue under this
bill as compared with the expenses of main-
taining collectors, assessors, kc.'t
Mr. IfiVWES. We have greatly reduced
the assessors and collectors.
Mr. RANDALL. What I want is an esti-
mate of tile expense of collecting the internal
revenue as compared with the amount re-
ceived.
Mr. DAWES. I am notable to answer^,hat
question. 1 now yield to the gentleman from
Indiana, and afterward I desire to call the
previous question.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I think I do not
improperly assume that the gentlemen of this
House Can have 110 trouble iu determining to
what parts of this bill I could 011 principle
assent. I take it also to be clear that they
can have 11O trouble to know on what principle
it is that I have concurred in the report of
this committee. It will, of course, no tbe as-
sumed that 1 have concurred because 1 approve
of all that is in the report, or all that is in this
bill. 'Very many parts of the bill violate sound
principle and corredt policy. But, like all
measures of this kind, the bill in its final shape
and pnrpdses is the result of compromise. It
• will not.be improper jfor me to refer briefly to
4 few leading features in this report. On these
pofntsT wiHIi to say a little, but not much, for I
think:'1 it' u'hriecessary to say much. First, i
wish to. say 1 have concurred in the report
bechuy'.'iii Aiy judgment, as a unit, the bill is
e^ceflfent.ono as compared with the legis-
latioft ,011 these subjects of late years. I think
this bill is a very excellent ijne and a very
great'iniproveipent iu its changes on the sub-
ject of internal revenue and in relation to the
maj^hitieiy of that system, and especially, in
the'"atfjt}stmeht of internal taxes and the modes
Qf administering the l^w. All these changes
were msilnly: made by the House, and the
House bill-in that; regard was almost entirely
accepted by tlie Senate, and the changes made
by the House bill, which is mainly the bill of
the majority cf the Ways and Means, in this
department of Federtil taxes are 1 think in a
high degree beneficent and praiseworthy, atid
therefore 1 could not dissent from those parts
of the bill.
Mr. BECIv. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Indiana why he left the minimum pen-
alties in the bill which were stricken Out by the
House?
Mr. KERR. In answer to my colleague on
the Committee of Ways and Means, I will say
here in the hearing of my two colleagues of
the conference committee on the part of the
House that it was the desire of a majdrityof
the conferees on the parf of the H.ouse that
the Senate should recede from their amend-
ment to our bill in that particular. We thought
the judgment of the House on that subject was
clear and just, I think I am right in saying
that much.
A Member. In saying what ?
, Mr. KERR. That it was the opinion of the
majority of the House conferees that the House
bill in its abolition of the minimum penalties
under the existing internal revenue law ought
to be adopted, but we could not bring the Sen-
ate. conferees to recede in that particular, and
rather than defeat the general policy of the
bill in reference to the internal revenue the
conferees of the House receded. I think it
is the opinion of the House that the minimum
penalties under the revenue laws should have
been abolished as not being in,keeping with
the spirit of the age. They are harsh and ex-
treme. It is inhuman and unwise to inflict
excessive penalties for trivial offenses under
any circumstances. It does not accomplish
the just objects of punishment. The degree
of punishment for minor offenses had much
belter be left to the discretion of the courts.
That is what the House Bill did, but the Sen-
ate adhered tenaciously to the present law.
In reference to the tariff part of this bill,
Mr. Speaker, my views are less in harmony
with the report of the committee than those
of my colleagues of the conferees. I would
say in reference to that part of the bill that
generally it makes a reduction of much less
than ten per cent, on the tariff.
Mr. FINKIiLNBQRG. Does the gentle-
man refer to the present tariff 011 the articles
acted on in this.bill?
Mr. KERR. I refer to the whole tariff. I11
reference to the articles embraced iu the bill,
or most of them, the reduction is precisely ten
per cent, of the present duties. In other
words, the bill retains ninety per cent, of the
present duties. Tlien upon the articles iu the
bill not under the ten per cent, reduction, but
specifically provided for, I think the reduction
averages more than ten per cent., but if you
place the average on the entire tariff it is much
lOfS than ten percent., and it is therefore very
much less than it ought to be. But that is not
a question to be discussed now. My views 011
that subject are well understood.
In reference to the specific things in this
bill of which t think the House has a light
to complain I will refer to a few only. First,
concerning the amendment made by the Sen-
ate to section nine of the Mouse bill, on the
subject of wooden ships constructed in this
country to be engaged iu foreign trade. The
amendment of the Senate makes that section
embrace all vessels to be constructed in this
country for exploymeut. 111 foreign trade. Per
sons engaged in ship-building are thus enabled,
without payment of any tariff tax, or duty,
to import and use certain kinds of foreign
material. This is an advantage conceded to
no other class of persons under the tariff, ex-
cept in reference to a few unimportant tilings.
But it is a concession for which it may bo
truthfully said there is a quite general popular
demand. I think this mode of relief is illogical
and can never be effective, and is not the way
in which the great business of restoring our
marine and our commerce should be attempted.
It is at best a sort of tiukeiiug or patch-work,
not to be approved.
Mr, GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman allow me, to oali his .attention to a
statement he made a moment since t
Mr. KERR. I11' a moments. In- section
nine, page 33, it is provided :
That trom and after tlic passage of this act ail
lumber, timber, hemp, manila, iron and' steel tiot
advanced beyond rods, bars, and bolts, ;mci spikes,
and nails! and copper and composition metal, which
may be necessary for the eonstiuction ami equip-
ment of vessels built in the United States for the
purpose of being employed in the foreign trade, in-
cluding the trade between the Atlantic and Pacific
ports of the United' States, and linished after the
passage of this aet, may be imported in bond, under
such regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury
may prescribe.
To that part of this bill, under the anoma-
lous circumstances which now surround the
"commercial marine of our country, although
I think it violates correct principles, I felt
inclined to make n'o serious opposition. But
it will be remembered that the House added
to that section on. the suggestion of my. col-
league'on my left [Mr. HomianJ the follow-
ing:
That the provisions of this section shall apply to
the materials above enumerated, which shall be
used m the construction and equipment of steam-
boats engaged in navieating the navigable waters
of the United States.
To that amendment of the House the Sen-
ate refused to agree, apd they amended our bill
by striking it out. The conferees oa the
part of the House and the Senate concurred m
th? action of the Senate in striking that out;
and I regret very much that that was clone.
It ought to have been retained.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
state also that the Senate allowed vessels so
constructed to engage in the domestic trade
of the country for three months in each year.
Mr. KERR. The Senate recede from that.
The coasting trade privilege is limited to two
months in each year.t
Mr. HOLMAN. They are stiil allowed to
engage in the coastwise trade for two months
in the year. No such privilege is extended to
vessels of interior construction.
Mr. BECK. Before the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] takes his seat, I desiie
him to explain the. meauing of the Senate
amendment, at the bottom* of page 7 and tpp
of pageS, which imposes a duty often per
cent.—
On all goods, wares, and merchandise ofthegrowth
or produce of countries east of the Cape of Good
Hope, (except raw cotton and raw silk as reeled from
the cocoon, or not further advanced than tiam,
thrown, or organzine,) when imported from places
west of the Cape of Good Hope.
I wish the gentleman to tell us whether in
his judgment that embraces tea, coffee, and
the other articles now 011 the free list?
Mr. KERR. Whenever such articles, the
growth of countries east of the Cape of Good
Hope, are imported from places west of the
Cape of Good Hope, they are beyond all ques-
tion embraced within this provision, and aie
therefore hereafter to be subjected to a duty
of ten per cent. To this violation of the re-
peatedly expressed will qf the Hou3e, and
indeed of both the Senate and House in refer-
ence to tea and coffee, I earnestly olyected.
But the Senate amendment was retained by
the majority of the conferees of each body.
Mr. BECK. Suppose they are free now ? .
Mr. KERR. 'Jfhat^ npakes no difference.
This provision subject^ them again to tax,'as
I have stated.
■Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts .They
must be imported and landed 011 the continent
of Europe, or in some place west of the Cape
of Good Hope, before they cotne under that
provision.
Mr. DAWES. They do not have to pay
the duty _ unless they are landed in England
$ud reshipped.
Mr. KERR. This is the language of the
bill:
That on and after the 1st day of October next
there shsdl be collected and paid on all goods, waie&,
and merchandise of the growth or produce of coun-
tries east of the Cape of Good Hope, (except raw
cotton and raw silk as reeled from the cocoon, or not
further advanced than tram, thrown, or organzine,
and wool.) when imported 1", om places west of the
€;ipe of Good Hope, a duty of ten per cent, ad va-
lorem, in addition to the duties imposed on any such
article whon imported directly from the place or
places of their growth or production.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Does that apply
to tea and coffee?
