572
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fMay 20,
Ho. of Reps.
Condition of the South—Mr. Sloss.
42b Cong....2d Sess.
Grand Army of the Republic come together
on certain occasions and decorate the graves
of the soldiers of th'e Union Army. We
know that here and there in a national ceme-
tery repose the btines of confederate dead,
■where guards were placed that no sympathetic
hand might scatter a flower there. Sectional
hate followed into death. I mention this
merely to show the spirit which has been kept
alive and which actuates to-day the people of
this country against the South, and the con-
stant irritation and insult to which they have
been subject in and out of Congress, and in
reply to the demand so constantly made, why
are we not peaceful and good to the " best Gov-
ernment and the best people the world ever
saw ?''
Mr. Speaker, we may have committed
high political crimes and rebelled against a
paternal authority. We cannot speak of that
now, nor is it wise to revive any question that
it involved. I only wish to say that we have
never repelled the hand of friendship, nor
turned away at any effort of reconciliation;
our opportunities todosohave not been many.
On the subject I have just mentioned, on
decoration day, in the South the people carry
flowers and scatter them on the graves of " the
blue and the gray " alike. There are no guards
there to stay the sympathetic hand, or insult
with the rude bayonet the generous purpose.
Enough to that people that it is the grave of
a brave soldier; with him all enmity is buried,
and the flower sprung from the soil of carnage
rests, emblem of Christian charity, upon the
grave of friend and foe alike.
To revert to the subject of this Ku Klux
report. The principle of law is that a man
is presumed to be innocent until he is proved
by competent testimony to be guilty. If you
will carefully examine the reported testimony
of the Ku Klux committee as to the outrages
alleged to have been committed in Alabama,
you will find in nearly every case wherever the
character of the witness against our people
was questioned or examined into they were
found to be unworthy of belief. In many
cases these witnesses were too ignorant to un-
derstand the nature of an oath, or totally and
notoriously deficient in character for veracity
in tbe community in which they lived.
At Huntsville last fall the committee were
investigating the cause of a riot which took
place there over two years since, and a negro
man (George Koper) who was engaged in the
riot, caught with a gun in hand, and who had
been indicted for murder, was brought before
the committee as the principal witness against
the white citizens of the place, and, of course,
testified that the blame of the riot rested en-
tirely with the whites. Mr. Bkck, of the com-
mittee, in a cross-examination, asked this col-
ored witness if some of the best and most
intelligent of the white Republicans of the city
were not present at the time and scene of the
riot. He answered, " Yes, they were." Mr.
Beck then asked him if he knew why a com-
mittee appointed by Congress to investigate
and report upon the condition of affairs in the
South should have selected him only, an igno-
rant negro, who was one of the rioters, to be
summoned and to testify in regard to the mat-
ter, and not one of the many respectable white
Republican citizens who were present. He
answered, " 1 don't know, unless it was that
the Lord gave me more knowledge than he did
them." Such testimony, and from such wit-
nesses, make up the body of this voluminous
report, and is not-entitled to even respectful
attention. The committee did not seek to learn
facts from intelligent and credible source®, but
seemed to look for it from the most ignorant
and malicious, notwithstanding which they
make but a poor case, and stand in no enviable
light before the American people. Prejudice
may carry a people far in wrong-thinking, but
you must not insult their intelligence; that
they will not stand.
In this connection let me call your attention
to the extraordinary and remarkable state-
ment of a witness before the Ku Klux com-
mittee, and whose testimony is actually printed
in that report, that you may know the extent
to which hatred of a people, and blind,
fanatic party zeal will carry a man. It is that
of Rev. Parson Lakin, of Alabama, Meth-
odist minister, sent from the North to preach
the gospel iu that country, and who swore
that a lady in Alabama, member of his
church, gave birth to a child, which he saw
and carefully and minutely examined, and
which he stated to be a perfect representation
and fao simile of a disguised Ku Klux, out of
the temples of which grew two gristly horns ;
that the mother had been frightened by the
Ku Klux Klan, and that this Ku Klux child
was the sad result. I need not add, sir, that
the testimony of the attending physician,
whose character for integrity no one dare gain-
say, and other persons, make this reverend
gentleman's statement a preposterous lie, cut
out of the whole cloth ; or that, before he had
left the committee-room, his whole life had
been proved a lie—a whining, political, reli-
gious scoundrel, practising his rascality under
the protection of the church, and who goes
yet unwhipped of justice, though the devil in
the end will have his own. These are the sort
of men, and it is upon such testimony that
Congress is expected to hold eleven States
and nearly ten million people under the pro-
visions of the Ku Klux law and at the mercy of
the President.
The officers sent by the Federal Government
to administer and execute the laws in the
southern States have done little, for the most
part, to reflect credit upon themselves or the
Government, and they have done nothing to-
ward dispensing even-handed justice, or pro-
tecting the rights of the people. Governors
have robbed their State treasuries, and fled
from the wrath of an outraged people and the
penalties of a violated law. Custom-house offi-
cers and tax collectors- have, with impartial
hand, filched equally from the people and the
Government. Even the ermine of the Federal
judiciary, in more than one notable instance,
has been bedraggled in the dirt of partisan pol-
itics. In a trial held at Huntsville, in my State,
of parties indicted for the violation of the Ku
Klux law within the last year, there was a
deliberate effort made to libel the peaceful
and law-abiding character of our people by
malicious misrepresentations of the facts put
in evidence, and in which the rulings of the
court astonished the whole bar of the State,
and made good men despair of impartial justice.
In this case, the accused parties were indicted
at the November term (1871) of the United
States district court for the northern district of
Alabama, for conspiringand banding together
unlawfully, and going in disguise to the prem-
ises of one VVier, to injure, wrong, and op-
press him, &c. These parties had each some
months prior to the finding of the indictment
in the district court been indicted in the State
circuit court of Limestone county for the same
offense, that of maltreating, while in disguise,
the person of the said Wier. The jurisdiction
of the State court was ousted, notwithstanding
the fact that all diligence had been given by
the State authorities of Limestone county to
bring these parties to a speedy trial.
The fact that a court of competent jurisdic-
tion had taken cognizance of the cause, though
presented to the Federal judge in a legal man-
ner, was utterly disregarded, and the accused
were hurried to a trial upon the indictment
which their counsel had not been given time
to read. The indictment of November was
dismissed on motion of the district'attorney to
enter a nolle prosequi. The prisoners and
their counsel were required to await the find-
ing of a new indictment; and I am informer!
that in less than five minutes after the indict-
ment was returned into court by the grand
jury they were required by the court to go into
trial. I am credibly informed, and by the best
authority, that the evidence offered in this
trial did not prove either directly or indirectly
that Wier was injured or oppressed or wronged
by the accused for any political cause or reason.
In fact, the testimony of Wier himself went to
show that he was maltreated simply to prevent
him from appearing as a witness against one
of these parties in a cause then pending in the
circuit court of that county. There was no
evidence showing the character of that suit,
but when the couusel for the defense offered
to show the nature of this other suit, it was
excluded by the court as irrelevant, though it
was of a character entirely personal, and with
no origin or connection with party politics.
There was no evidence whatever on this
trial that these parties defendant belonged to
an organized band of disguised men, nor was
there any evidence showing the existence then
of such an organization as the Ku Klux, not-
withstanding the anxious and eager inquires
of the court and attorney on the subject.
These parties were convicted by the court, and
sentenced to a term of years in the peniten-
tiary at Albany, New York—the sentence of
one being for ten years. The most that was
proved upon them was assault and battery,
committed by parties in disguise. The State
laws are severe, and justly so, on such viola-
tions of peace and good order, and the State
court would have vindicated the violated law
and properly punished the offenders, which all
good men desired, but this unwarranted usurp-
ation of the rights of the State and the sacred
privileges of the people has no justification
in any facts or circumstances connected with
the case, and meets the severest condemna-
tion. Much attention was called to this trial
at the time, and its events make up a chapter
in the history of this peaceful and law-abiding
people that by them will be remembered with
mingled feelings of shame and indignation, as
intense and as general as the wicked and
designing malice which falsely, by acts and
declarations, branded them as a people prone
to the ways of violence and disorder.
An imposing stage effect was given to this
trialby an armed body of men, " with halberds
drawn," stationed in the court-room by order
of the judge, the alleged cause of which was
that facts and information had the night before
been communicated to his honor which im-
peratively demanded this extraordinary pre-
caution. What these '' facts'' were, and what
this "information," and from whence they
came, is still a matter of wonder and conjecture
to those good citizens. A further precaution
his honor took—serio-comic in its interpola-
tions—in the following transcribed fulmination
to the United States marshal of the court:
" Information has reached me that a considerable
number of persons attending on this court come
into its presence wearing tire-arms or other deadly
weapons. My sources of information leave no
room to doubt its correctness. To bring deadly
weapons into a court of justice during the sitting
is an offense of the highest character, and deserv-
ing of extreme punishment. It is a flagitious and
unpardonable contempt of the law, and an indecent
and monstrous exhibition of the fell spirit of tur-
bulent crime. It must be met and crushed. To do
less than stamp it as abominable would be a re-
proach to civilization, Christianity, and law. The
marshal and his attendants are charged with the
duty of excluding from the court-room any person
guilty of this wicked practice, and tliey are author-
ized to make courteous and civW examination of
the person, and any one refusing to be'so examined
shall not be allowed admission to the c^urt-room."
His honor's distempered fancy, it will be
seen, saw horned and cloven-footed Ku Klux
at every glance; albeit there were none in
evidence, hideous and grotesque, ready to
spirit away the prisoners in a flash of brim
