1520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
giving subsidies to railroad or other similar
companies, yet I do not feel justified in carry-
ing that opposition so far as to refuse to do
that which I think is a public benefit and a
matter of public convenience, simply because
some may construe it into a friendly acttoward
these corporations.
Mr. WOOD. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Indiana whether it is not much
more than a friendly act to give away a fran-
chise which is estimated to be worth at least
$2,000,000?
Mr. NIBLACK. I do not understand the
importance of the value of this island if it is
not for sale at any price. I understand that
some large offers have been made for the pur-
chase of it by gentlemen who want to control
the matter and lis the terminus of the railroad,
where they have a large real estate interest,
elsewhere. About that, however, I have not
been informed. 1 know nothing of the market
value of this island, nor is it important at all
in this connection, because, as I have already
said, it is not for sale. The only question for
us to consider is whether we shall allow this
railroad company and other companies com-
ing hereafter to use a portion of it for railroad
purposes, or shall wo obstinately continue to
hold it only for military purposes when we do
not need it all for that purpose and are yet
unwilling to sell any portion of it.
But I will not pursue that question further,
i will simply remark that when in the last
Congress 1 voted against this proposition I
did so out of respect to the opinions of friends
around me, rather than in obedience to the
dictates .of my own judgment at that time, as
gentlemen sometimes feel themselves com-
pelled to do under a pressure from friends.
Mr. WOOD. Does not the gentleman know
that an offer of $2,000,000 has been made for
this island?
Mr. NIBLACK. 1 never heard of any bona
fide offer of the kind.
Mr. WOOD. I myself made that offer on
this floor two years ago, and I make it again
now.
Mr. NIBLACK. I do not regard that as
legitimate debate, because the Government
does not want to sell this island, and that is
not the way to make an offer for this island if
he really desires to purchase it. If the gen-
tleman wants to purchase it, I recommend him
to make his offer in a different way from a
mere statement in debate on this floor. I
regret very much that the gentleman from
New York has felt called upon to inject such
a statement into my remarks, when it has been
said over and over again in this debate that
this island is not for sale at any price. Sir, I
did intend to suggest one or two amendments
which might he made to this bill, and to state
how I intended to vote on some of the pend-
ing amendments ; but time will not permit me
now. I can only say in brief that if it is
wrong either in principle or in policy to grant
the use of a portion of this island for railroad
purposes, then the reservation of an annual
rent either large or small will not relieve the
difficulty.
In conclusion, I trust I may be permitted to
say that the people are not opposed to rail-
roads under all circumstances; on the contrary,
they want more ofi them everywhere. It is
only to improper grants and subsidies to them
to which they object, and which 1, as one of
their Representatives, have uniformly opposed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I now yield the re-
mainder of my time to the gentleman from
California, [Mr. IIoughtos.]
The SPEAKER. There are twelve minutes
of the gentleman's time remaining.
Mr. HOUGHTON. I have listened very
attentively to the remarks of various gentle-
men who have spoken hero in opposition to
this measure. I have done so because I have
been desirous of ascertaining if there existed
any substantial objections to making the grant
which it is proposed to make by the bill now
under consideration. My time is too limited
to enable me to make the attempt to answer
all that has been said in support of the various
objections which have been made here against
this bill. I shall necessarily be compelled to
address my remarks to but two or three of the
leading objections. Coming from the district
in which this island of Yer'oa Buena is situ-
ated, having been a resident of that locality
for twenty-five years, I know something about
the topography of that country. And, with-
out arrogating too much to myself, I think I
understand this subject perhaps as well as or
better than most of the gentlemen who have
spoken in opposition to this bill, and many of
whom have never been in that country at all.
The first objection made to the passage of
this bill is that the Government of the United
.States has already granted large subsidies to
this railroad company. But gentlemen seem
to forget that at the time this company pro-
posed to build this railroad across the Sierra
Nevada and across the Rocky mountains, and
so open up a continuous line of railroad com-
munication from the Pacific to the Atlantic,
the scheme was looked upon as a scheme of
dreamers—that it was consideied next to
impossible to accomplish any such great under-
taking. All our people, the whole couuti-y,
was desirous that this work should be done if
it was possible. In view of that desire the
Government of the United States made grants
of land and issued its bonds so as to afford
the parties who proposed to construct this
road an opportunity of doing so if they could.
But at the time this subsidy was granted by
the Government it was considered so doubtful
that they would be able to go on and complete
this road, that in the very act of Congress
which granted them the right to make the
attempt a penalty was proposed to the effect
that if they failed to complete it within a
given number of years they should forfeit not
only their subsidy, not only their franchise,
but all the equipments which should be in
existence upon the line of the road at the time
the forfeiture should accrue. That was the
contract made between the Government of the
United States and this railroad company.
Now, I have not heard any gentleman in
support of his objections to this measure pre-
tend to argue that this company had not car-
ried out and executed to the letter the contract
on its part. On the contrary, instead of occu-
pying the full period allotted within which this
road was required to be constructed, that is,
up to the 1st day of July, 1873, the last spike
was driven on the 10th day of May, 18G9, on
what was required to make a continuous rail-
road communication between the Pacific and
[ the Atlantic oceans. Instead of failing to do
| what they had undertaken to do, and what
! was regarded by many as an impossibility, this
I company through its enterprise, its energy,
| and its skill, completed it a number of years
| before the time had expired within which it
was required to do the work.
The question now is, has the Government
of the United States received any equivalent
for what it has given to aid in the construction
of this road ? If it has received ah equivalent,
it has been repaid for all that it has given. As
I understand, the Government has received
an' equivalent. It has received all that it
demanded, and even more ; because the road
has been constructed years before it was re-
quired to be completed. The Government ot
the United States is every day reaping the
benefit of its construction ; at least the people
of the United States are reaping the benefit
of it.
I understand, Mr. Speaker, that the Gov-
ernment and the people of the United States
mean one and the same thing ; that there can
be no conflict of interest between the Gov-
ernment and the people. We boast that this
is a Government of the people. If that prop-
osition be true, the people and the Govern-
ment are one and the same thing. I say that
the people of this country, and therefore the
Government, are reaping the benefits of this
great work every day. In the first place, this
benefit results from the development of an
immense district of country which before was
the habitation of wild beasts and still wilder
men ; a strip of country some sixteen hundred
miles in breadth, extending westward from
the Mississippi river to the Sierra Nevada; a
country which for the purposes of settlement,
for all the practical uses of man, was of no
value whatever. That immense district of
country for a long distance upon either side
of this great road has been rendered valuable
to the Government, valuable to the people
of the United States. The building of this
road has led to the building up of towns and vil-
lages all along its line. It has facilitated
trade between the States of the West and those
of the interior and the East. These are the
benefits which the Government has already
received from this road, and such as it must
receive for all time to come.
Another objection is made here that the har-
bor of San Francisco will be destroyed if this
railroad is permitted to build its track upon
piles or trestle-work from the eastern shore of
the bay to this island. We have nothing, how-
ever, but expressions of opinion that this will
be the result. No single fact is given. Any
opinion which is unsupported by some fact has
with me but very little value. The same may
be said of the reports of these engineer officers
in relation to the use of this island for military
purposes. These officers content themselves
with simply expressing the opinion that the
Government cannot afford to part with any
portion of this island, because it needs the
whole of it for military purposes. They give
ns no facts whatever as the foundation for this
opinion. Now, I do not understand that Con-
gress, when it deals with any object coming
before it for consideration, is bound by the
opinions of any man or any set of men. I do
not understand that members, in voting upon
any question here, can defend their action by
referring to the opinions of others. They
must exercise their own judgment, and they
are answerable to their constituents and to
the people of the whole country as to whether
they have exercised a proper judgment or not.
Therefore I say that it becomes every member
of this House not to act upon a mere opinion
of an engineer officer or any other officer
when no facts are given to support it.
This island, as has been repeatedly stated
here, contains one hundred and twenty-eight
acres. The southern portion of the island is
elevated three hundred feet above high tide.
From about the center of the island toward
the north the island slopes down to the water's
edge. The only portion of this island which
can be made available for military purposes
is, in my opinion, this elevated portion at the
southern end, which comprises at least one
half of the entire area of this island. _ Now
the Government cannot, by any possibility,
use more than sixty acres of land upon which
to construct fortifications to protect the city
of San Francisco from the approach of an
enemy on the island side.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WHEELER. I now ask the previous
question on the bill and pending amendments.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the previous question
will not be pressed.
Mr. SHANKS. I hope more time will be
granted for debate.
Mr. KERR. Will there be opportunity for
discussion after the previous question is sec-
onded?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wheeler] will be entitled to
one hour after the main question has been
ordered.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the House now
adjourn.
Air. SHANKS, I shall aak the privilege
