1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mt
of occupying a few moments in advocacy of
my amendment.
Mr. HAW LEY. I wish to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. The gentleman from New
York has demanded the previous question on
the bill and pending amendments. I would
like to know what amendments are pending?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
position of the question. On yesterday sev-
eral gentlemen were allowed by unanimous
consent to propose amendments for the pur-
pose of having them printed. They were not
considered as offered and pending to the bill,
because that could not be done except by
unanimous consent. Should the previous ques-
tion be seconded, as the bill now stands,
then as the Chair understands it, there would
be but three amendments pending; and the
amendments offered yesterday under the con-
dition that they should be printed would not
be considered as pending except by unani-
mous consent. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wheeler] demands the previous
question, and the gentleman from Maassachu-
setts, [Mr. Baxks,] pending that demand,
moves that the House do now adjourn.
The question was taken on the motion to
adjourn; and on a division there were—ayes
81, noes 68.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. FARNSVVORTH said: If the House
now adjourns, will this bill come up to-mor-
row morning as unfinished business ?
Mr. BANKS. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. That is a proper ques-
tion to ask. If the House now adjourns this
bill will not come up until Tuesday next, as
it is public business, and to-morrow and next
day are private bill days.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. How milch debate
will be allowed 1
The SPEAKER. The pending anestion
upon the bill will be upon the demand for the
previous question.
st. croix and superior railroad.
The SPEAKER. Before announcing the
result on the motion to adjourn, the Chair
desires to recognize the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Ketcham,] the chairman of the
Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. KETCHAM. I desire to report back
from the Committee on the Public Lands a
bill (S. No. 565) to extend the time to the
State of Wisconsin to build a road from
Lake St. Croix to Lake Superior, which was
recommitted to that committee last week with
instruction to incorporate specific amendments
and with permission to report back at any
time. The friends of the measure wish to
have its consideration postponed till Thurs-
day next at half past one o'clock, to the exclu-
sion of all other business, and T do not feel
disposed to object to their request.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
postponement of this bill till Thursday next,
when, at half past one o'clock, it is to be con-
sidered to the exclusion of all other orders?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is it the under-
standing that the previous question shall be
considered pending at four o'clock on that
day?
The SPEAKER. That was not in the in-
structions.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Ketcham] to
make that a condition.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the committee have the absolute right to report
at anytime during this week. They have the
right, after the reading of the Journal to-
morrow, to report and proceed with the con-
sideration of this bill without any condition as
to the calling of the previous question. The
request now is that on Thursday next at half
past one o'clock they shall be in the same
attitude as they would be to-morrow if they
reported this bill under the instructions of the
House.
42d Cong, 2d Sess,—No, 96,
Mr. HOLMAN. It is then to be, open to
amendment and consideration, of course?
The SPEAKER. That is the understand-
ing. Is there objection to the committee re-
porting this bill with amendments, pursuant
to the instructions of the House, and to post-
poning its further consideration until Thurs-
day next, at half past one o'clock, when it is
to be taken up to the exclusion of all other
orders ?
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. KETCHAM. With that .understanding
I now report the bill back, and move that the
bill and amendments be ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 1534) to authoiize the
construction of a fire-proof building at Albany,
New York; and
An act (H. R. No. 1549) for the relief of
Jacob H. Ela.
leave op absence.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Duke for two days; to Mr.
Towksend, of Pennsylvania, until Tuesday
next; and to Mr. Boles, on account of sick-
ness in his family, for three weeks.
george j. longwortii.
On mdtion of Mr. HALSEY, leave was
granted for withdrawal from the files of the
House of papers in the case of George J.
Longworth.
leave to print.
Mr. KILLINGER. I offered an amend-
ment the other day which I had no opportun-
ity to explain, and I now ask unanimous con-
sent for leave to print some remarks on it.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly. [See Appendix.]
appointment of quartermasters.
On motion of Mr. SLOCUM,by unanimous
consent, a bill (S. No. 757) to authorize the
apppintment of certain officers in the quar-
termaster's department, was taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
The vote on the motion to adjourn was then
announced, and accordingly (at four o'clock
and thirty-five minutes -p. m.) the House
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, (fee., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AMBLER: The petition of Alex-
ander Miller and 70 others, Union soldiers
and citizens of Ohio, praying the equalization
of bounties at $8 33| per month for actual
time of service, and the granting of bounty-
lands without the requirement of actual settle
meat to Union soldiers, sailors, and marines
in the war of the rebellion.
By Mr. BIN GH AM: A remonstrance of cit-
izens of the town of Bridgeport, Ohio, against
obstructing the west branch of the Ohio river.
By Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri; The petition
of Dr. Huffman and others, citizens of Andrew
county; of J. L. Porter and others, of Bates
county; ofS. B. Cunningham and 194 others,
citizens of Howard ,county; of C. H. Oakes
and John M. Franklin and others, citizens of
Bates county; and of James B. Coiegroveand
numerous other citizens of Benton eounty, ail
in the State of Missouri, for a reduction of the
tariff to a strictly revenue basis.
By Mr. CREB8: The petition of Rev. S.
T. Bobbitt and 52 others, citizens of Elkville,
Jackson county, Illinois, praying a change
of the Constitution recognizing God in the
same.
By Mr. GOODRICH: The petition of
Charles B. Fairchilds for a pension, on ac>
count of injury and physical disability received
during the late war.
By Mr. Me GREW; The petition of 43 citi-
zens of Randolph county, West Virginia, pray-
ing Congress to reduce the existing tariff to a
revenue standard.
By Mr. MANSON: The petition of Samuel
P. Conner, publisher of the West Lebanon
Advance, in the town of West Lebanon, Indi-
ana, asking thatsection one hundred and sixty-
two of the revised codification of the postal
laws, now before Congress, may be amended
so as to read as follows, namely: "that per-
sons known as regular publishers and dealers
in newspapers and periodicals may receive by
mail such quantities of either as they may
require in bulk, whether wholly or in part
printed, and pay postage thereon as received
at the same rates pro rata as regular sub-
scribers to publications weighing four ounces
who pay quarterly in advance."
Also, the memorial of Chester Chamberlain,
William Kreighbeann, William H. Ridenough,
William M. Plough, G. G. Long, 0. P. Os-
good, and 68 others, of Fulton county, Indi-
ana, all soldiers in the late war to suppress
the rebellion, praying the speedy enactment
by Congress of House bill No. 452, intro-
duced by Mr. Mansox, to grant bounty lands
to soldiers who served in said war, and to the
widows and children of such as have died.
By Mr. MITCHELL: The petition of A.
Sawyer, C. W. Wood, J. T. Edwards, and 87
others, citizens and tax-payers of Racine, Wis-
consin, asking a reduction of the tariff, and
for repeal -of duty upon salt, coal, and pig
iron.
By Mr. SHANKS : The petition of W. B.
Hedgepott, editor and proprietor of the Inde-
pendent, a newspaper published at Union City,
Indiana, asking that regular dealers in news-
papers and periodicals be allowed to receive
printed or partly printed matter at the same
rates of postage of regular subscribers of papers
weighing four ounces who pay quarterly in
advance.
By Mr. STEVENSON: The petition of
William Andrew and 125 others, soldiers of
the war for the Union, praying equalization of
bounties and amendment of the homestead
laws.
By Mr. STORM : The petition of James H.
Dotiy, of Milford Pennsylvania, editor of the
Milford Herald, asking the passage of Mr.
Voorhees's bill, placing printers' type on the
free list.
By Mr. SWANN: The petition of Freeland
Hall & Co., and others, dealers in tobacco in
Baltimore, Maryland, remonstrating against
the discrimination in the tax against plug
tobacco.
By Mr. WALDRON : The memorial of
Moses W. Field, E. B. Ward, Governor H.
R. Baldwin, and 300 others, merchants and
basiness men of the city of Detroit, protest-
ing against any interference with the existing
duty on salt.
By Mr. WARREN: The memorial of sun-
dry citizens of the State of New York, praying
that no reduction of the present tariff on for-
eign wool be made.
post route bills introduced.
The following were introduced under the
rules and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads :
By Mr. BOLES: A bill for the establish-
ment of a post route from Dallas, Polk county,
via Eagle Gap, Seott county, to Choeoville,
Sebastian county, Arkansas.
Also, a bill for the establishment of a mail
route from Loeksburg, Sevier county, to Min-
eral Springs, Hempstead county, Arkansas.
