1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4208
Mr. DAWES. The effect is to encourage
the direct importation of tea and coffee instead
of having them shipped from London.
Mr. KERR. In my opinion, the greater
part of the coffee imported into this country
will not come in this way, and will not be sub-
ject to this increased duty. But a portion, the
Sumatra, and Mocha, and gome other kinds
of coffee, will be subjected to this increased
duty. And the great bulk of the tea, will also
be subject to it. The importation of tea to
our Pacific coast, I take it, will not for many
years amount to any great proportion of the
whole consumption of the country.
Mr. DAWES. It is a ten per cent, differ-
ence between San Francisco and London.
Mr. CO BURN. Is not the object also to
swell the freight for the Pacific railroad ?
Mr. KERR. In answer to my colleague, I
will say that in my judgment this particular
provision violates correct principle mainly in
this: that it confers special privileges on cer-
tain classes of citizens of the country ; and
any law that has such a purpose, in my judg-
ment is a vicious law, which it does not become
the Representatives of a great people to enact.
But in reference to the specific effect on the
interests of the western coast, I do not know
that there is anything to object to. The inten-
tion of this amendment is to favor the owners
of American bottoms engaged in the import-
ation of tea and coffee direct.
Mr. BANKS. With the permission of the
gentleman I desire to say a word. The
Government of Holland, which is the largest
exporter of coffee west of the Cape of Good
Hope, has passed a law by which the export
duty on coffee of eight per cent, is to be dis-
continued from and after the 1st of January
next. Now, wili not a provision of this kind
lead the Government of Holland to reimpose
that tax?
Mr. DAWES. This amendment does not
affect Holland at all.
Mr. BANKS. Certainly it does.
Mr. DAWES. The coffee is to be landed
in London before this amendment takes effect.
Mr. BANKS. Buttheclause "from west of
the Cape of Good Hope" affects all European
countries, and the result will be that in Hol-
land, where the export duty has been taken off
fiom coffee for the benefit of this country, the
imposition of this duty will lead Holland to
reenact that export duty against the United
States.
Mr. DAWES. If it has that effect it can
be corrected hereafter.
Mr. KERR. I have but a few words more
to say, and then I will detain the House no
longer. I wish to say in reference to the re-
tent,ion of the duty on friction matches that
it was a matter with me of serious regret that
it was thought by the majority of the commit-
tee to be necessary to retain that tax. The
House had abolished the tax on friction
matches. It was the judgment of the House,
I believe, clearly and unmistakably, that the
revenue could bear that reduction with safety
and without any sort of embarrassment, but
it was the opinion of the Secretary of the
Treasury that if we insisted on a reduction of
the lax on tobacco to twenty cents uniform we
ought to make up a part of that reduction by
retaining the taxes on some other articles ;
and then, after'a great deal of hesitation, and
with much reluctance on the part of the mem-
bers of ihe committee, we retained the taxes
011 these things which have been mentioned
by the charimauof the House conferees, [Mr.
Dawes ]
I regietted very much that the Senate would
not recede from its opposition to the reduction
of the duty on copper, which is one of the
grossest excesses of the tariff in this country;
but they could not be brought to agree to that,
and copper went under the ten per cent, re-
duction, along with lead and all other metals.
There are a few provisions in this bill and
report the effect of which is to materially in-
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 264.
crease certain duties. I think tho aggregate
effect of the changed duties on lumber is an
increase. I know there is an increase on wire
rope of certain kinds, and this results from a
Senate amendment to section two of the House
bill. And there is an increase on emery ore
and on emery grains, which is large and ought
never to have been made. Duties are increased
on a few other articles. All changes having
this effect are uncalled for and simply wrong.
.Their object is not national, but special, and
for individual advantage. .The popular de-
mand and the demand of the House are for
reductions of duties. But it is not needful that
I shall refer in greater detail to this report.
In its leading features and results I heartily
concur. The aggregate reduction ought to be
much greater; but it is better as it is than if
it were less. I hope the report will be con-
curred in without further controversy.
Mr. DAWES. I yield now to my other
colleague on the committee of conference, the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kellby.]
Mr. KELLEY. As a member of the com-
mittee of conference, I desire a moment or
two simply to say that the bill, coming out of
the diversities of opinion manifested both in
theHouse-and in the Senate and between those
two bodies, has my hearty commendation ; yet,
if I be asked whether it is an internal tax bill
or a tariff bill such as I would have made, I
say no, it is neither. If I am asked whether
its special features commend it to my con-
stituents and to the State which I have the
honor in part to represent, I say no; yet, as a
whole, in view of the condition of the public
mind, and the diversities of opinion, as I have
said, expressed in the two Houses, I believe
the bill to be a good one, one that will advance
the interests of the country, extend its com-
merce, and not seriously impair, even for the
present, any of its industries. As a matter of
concession all round, it has my hearty com-
mendation and support.
Mr. DAWES. 1 yield now for a moment to
the gentleman from New York, [,\lr. Brooks.]
Mr. BROOKS. I do not wonder that the
two honorable gentlemen on my right, [Mr.
Dawks and Mr. Kelley,] members of the
committee of conference, are pretty well sat-
isfied with this bill, with all its imperfections.
Let me join my congratulations with those of
the gentleman from Massachusetts that they
have reached this satisfactory result. • I am
about to vote for the report of the committee
of conference; but I do it with greater reluc
tauce than I ever voted for a tariff bill, 1 think,
in my whole life. I vote for it because it is a
reduction, and only because it is a reduction.
I demonstrated to this House, in a way that
has never been answered, that the condition
of our Treasury admits of a reduction of
5100,000,000. By this bill there is a reduc-
tion on dutiable articles of only $12,174,572.
On the free list of this bill, mainly created
for the benefit of the manufacturing interests,
there is a reduction of only $3,841,304. That
makes a reduction by this bill of $15,515,876
only of the tariff duties. The reductions upon
cotton, wool, and iron have been comparatively
small. Aud 1 must, in all frankness, tell the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. DaWes], and the honorable gentleman
Irom Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] that in
assenting to this reduction of ten percent, we
consider it but a wedge driven in so that we
can get ten per cent, next year, and ten per
cent, the year after, aud so on until we have
produced something of a practical redaction of
the tariff upon wool and iron, and other articles
which are now unnecessarily protected.
Were it not for the peculiar condition of our
foreign affairs, which leaves the markets for
our bonds unsettled upon the other side, and
which produces the high rate of gold, at thir-
teen aud fourteen per cent, premium, I would
venture to predict that that part of this tariff
bill relating to dutiable articles, not the free
list, would result in a practical increase of the
Revenue, instead of a reduction. I made the
same prediction two years ago in relation to the
billintroduced by the honorable gentleman from
Ohio, (Mr. Schenck;) I then said it would
result in an increase of the revenue, and such
was the case. The only hesitation I have now.
about making a similar prediction in reference
to this bill is because of the peculiar-condi-
tion of our foreign affairs and the enormous
importations that may take place.
Mr. DAWES and others. Now let us have
a vote.
Do not be impatient.
I thought the gentleman
Mr. BROOKS.
Mr. DAWES,
was through.
Mr. BROOKS.
We have had no discus-
sion upon this tariff at all, none at all upon its
details. 1 never saw a bill more ingeniouslyt
perhaps i ought to say ingenuously, for in
saying ingeniously I pay a compliment to skill
rather than a compliment to that quality that
comes under the definition ingenuously—I
never saw a bill so ingeniously and ingenur
ously handled throughout the whole of it, so
as to prevent any discussion of the details of
this bill from beginning to end, and I venture
to say that when the House shall pass this bill
to-day not twenty members will begin to com*
prehend the details of it, and we will soon
have to make alteration after alteration in
the tariff part of this bill so as amend it to
satisfy, the demands of the country.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. The
Globe shows that something like one hundred
and sixty speeches were made upon the tariff
part of this bill, a large number of them by
gentlemen on the other side of this Chamber.
Mr. BROOKS. Let me set the honorable
gentleman right. I have here the bill re-
ported from the Committee of Ways and
Means by the honorable gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] In the matter of
details we discussed just one page and a half;
and the moment we came to iron and wool
and cotton, to bar iron, sheet iron, iron wire,
iron in coils, band, hoop, and scroll iron, slit
rods, locomotive tires, mill irons, anvils,
traces, and chains, anchors, screws, wrought
nails, spikes, rivets and bolts, cut tacks, tubes,
wood-screws, hollow ware, steel, saws,'iron
squares, &c., that very moment my ingenious
and ingenuous friend from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] silenced us all by an order of
the House cutting short the discussion upon
all these things, except as we took them in
the aggregate. Did you have anything to say
on wood-screws, and upon traces and chains,
and all these other articles? Go and tell your
people of the enormous duties on them. Do
not talk to me about discussion.
Mr. CON GER. It seems to me that I have
a lively recollection of hearing the gentleman
speak upon all those things.
Mr. BROOKS. You heard me talk about
the high rates of duty.
Mr. CONGER. On iron and woolens, &c.
Mr. BROOKS. I did not have a chance to
discuss the duties in detail. The enormous
duty of fifty-two and a half per cent, is still
kept on earthenware. The House knows
nothing of these things, and never will till the
bill gets before the people. 1 would not go
into this sort of discussion if I had not been"
interrupted. I intended to discuss the ques-
tion in a proper and statesman-like manner ;
but when gentlemen tell me there has been
discussion I wish them to look at things as
they are.
I congratulate the country that in this bill
Congress has at last approached a reduction
of the tariff; and I feel profoundly grateful
therefor to the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] and even to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley.]
It is the beginning of the end. The reduction
is only about seven per cent.; certainly not
ten per cent, on the average; yet. it is the
beginning of the end; and the ultimate result
will be satisfactory I trust to the country.
