2418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
Article forty-five of the same treaty reaffirms
all former treaties not inconsistent with this
one, and-secures all privileges and immunities
under them.
Chickasaws Allies.
The tenth article of the treaty of Hopewell
of January 10,1786, with the Chickasaws pro-
vides in the words of the tenth article of the
treaty of January 3,1786, with the Choctaws,
and the same is affirmed repeatedly since.
The first article of the joint treaty of April
28, 1866, with the Choctaw and Chickasaw na-
tions and the United States, made at the city
of Washington, provides that these nations
shall "make every exertion to induce In-
dians of the plains to maintain peaceful rela-
tions with each other, with other Indians, and
with the United States." And the forty fifth
article of thattreaty, providesthat "all rights,
privileges, immunities." &c., "under treaties
and legislation," to "said nations or individ-
uals," shall remain "in full force," if not
"inconsistent" with thattreaty.
Creeks Allies.
Article eleven of the treaty at New York, of
August 7, 1790, with the Muscogee or Creek
nation, is in the same language of that with
the Choctaws of January 3, 1786, and that of
the Chickasaws, January 10, 1786, above
quoted. This treaty was reaffirmed by subse-
quent treaties. And by article one of the treaty
of Washington, of June 14, 1866, it is provided
that "the Creeks bind themselves to remain
firm allies and friends of the United States."
By the first article of the treaty of Washing-
ton, of March 21, 1866, with the Seminole
branch of the Muscogee or Creek nation, it is
agreed that the Seminoles shall " be and re-
main lirai allies of the United States, and
always faithfully aid the Government thereof
to suppress insurrections and to put down its
enemies "
Those Indian nations abided by their treaty
stipulations in good faith from the hour they
were made, until in that maelstrom of treason
and rebellion of 18G1 they found themselves,
from their very locality and surroundings, from
the character of many of the Government offi-
cers set over them, who themselves were in
the scheme of separation, carried into the
whirlpool of excitement that swept irresistibly
over thirteen States of the Union, and that for
four long weary and bloody years did giant
battle for the nation's overthrow.
But it is due to say that, these Indians stood
firmer in the support of the United States in
proportion to their numbers than did the white
people of any States that bordered on then-
territory, except Kansas. Texas on the south
and west, Arkansas on the east, were fully and
unconditionally in the rebellion. Missouii was
a battle-field wherein her own people contended
with each other, and where all that portion of
the State near to and adjacent to this Indian
territory was for a great and paitieularly the
first portion of that period held by the rebel-
lionists, who plied their ingenuity upon these
people to prove the power of the rebellion.
We must not forget that fearful hour, when
the ingeniously laid plan for rebellion was so
well carried out by its authors that millions
of white people, who enjoyed all the blessings
of the national association, were induced to
enter upon the high sea of civil and official
estrangement from the Union of the States and
the constituted Government of their fathers.
And we must not forget that these Indian peo-
ple furnished near six thousand troops for the
Union Army to put down the rebellion.
We must not forget the faith and devotion
of thousands of these people who were driven
from their homes by confederate power, and
who wandered and battled for the Government
in their sad wanderings, wretched, desolate,
and starving, like the loyal white refugees who
remained faithful to the Government, flying
without crime before their merciless pursuers.
And let us not forget that in all the trials and
troubles of the work of reconstruction since
the rebellion, and the bad feeling that now
interrupts our peace and social progress, not
so much as one isolated case of trouble or dis-
content can be traced to any of these Indian
nations.
These Indians, like their white neighbors,
held slaves before and during the war; but
they surrendered them to freedom without a
protest at its close.
But they did more than this; they by sol-
emu treaty gave parts of their land and of
their moneys to their former slaves. This is
more than the white masters of slaves have
done, and more than the nation demanded of
them, though these white slave-owners were
the authors of the rebellion in which the
nation and these Indians were the victims and
the sufferers.
tkade with indians by the intercourse act.
The ninth article of the treaty of Hopewell,
of November 28, 1785, with the Cherokees,
provides:
" For the benefit and comfort of the Indians, and
the prevention of injuries or oppressions, on the
part of citizens, of Indians, the United States, in
Congress assembled, shall have the solo and exclu-
sive right of regulating the trade with the Indians
and managing all their affairs in such manner as
they think proper."
By the sixth article of the treaty of Hoiston,
of July 2,1791, " it is agreed on the part of the
Cherokees thatthe UniiedStates shall have the
sole and exclusive right of regulating their
trade."
The eighth article of the treaty of Washing-
ton, of July 19,1866, provides that "no license
to trade in goods, wares, or merchandise, shall
be granted by the United States to trade in the
Cherokee nation, unless approved by the Cher-
okee national council," &c., except in west
part of Cherokee country.
trs.de With choctaws.
The eighth article of the treaty of Hopewell,
of January 3, 1786, with the Choctaws, is
identical with that of the treaty of November
28, 1786, with the Cherokees, and gives Con-
gress full power over the trade with these
Indians.
The eighth article of the treaty of Hopewell,
of January 10, 1786, with the Chickasaws, is
identical with that of the Choctaws and the
Cherokees.
The lbrty-fifth article of the joint treaty of
Washington, of April 28, 1866, with the Choc-
taws and Chickasaws, affirms all former trea-
ties not inconsistent with it; and the thirty-
ninth and fortieth articles of this same treaty
permit Choctaws and Chickasaws to trade in
their own country, and thus relaxes the exclu-
sive rule theretofore held by the whites by the
former treaties 1 have quoted and the laws of
Congress made in accordance with their pro-
vision.
cessions or land bycherokees to united states.
I now desire in this history of our dealings
and doings with these several Indian nations
to refer to the cessions of lands made by them
to the United States, from time to time, each
of them finally ceding all their lands east, and
some of them a part of their lands west, of
the Mississippi river.
At the commencement of the treaties I here
refer to, the Cherokees held large tracts of
land, on which they resided, in the States of
South Carolina and Georgia, and by limitation
of their boundaries under article four of treaty
of Hopewell, November 28, 1785, the Cher-
okees released to the United States large
amounts of land. By the third article of the
treaty of llolston, of July 2, 1791, a large
amount of land was ceded to the United States.
There were further cessions of lands made by
the fourth article of treaty of Tellico, October
2, 1798; by the second article of treaty of Tel-
lico, of October 25, 1805; by the first article
of treaty of Tellico, of October 27, 1805; by
the first article of treaty of Washington, of
January 7, 1806. By the first article of treaty
of Washington, of March 22, 1816, lands were
ceded to South Carolina with the consent of
the United States; by the third article of treaty
at the Chickasaw Council-House, of Septem-
ber 14, 1816, lands were ceded to the United
States; and by first article of treaty made at
the Cherokee Agency, July 8,1817; by treaty
of Washington, February 27, 1819; by first arti-
cle of treaty of Tellico, on Cherokee ground,
October 24, 1804; by the second article of the
treaty of Fort Gibson, of February 14, 1833,
the Cherokees quit-claimed all the lands west
of the Mississippi river, not included within
the limits of the new boundary nominated
in the first article of that treaty, and which
new bouudary was made for the purpose
of placing the Cherokee country west and en-
tirely out of the State of Arkansas, and fully
carries out the desire of both parties to those
treaties, that the Indians should be placed
and remain outside of any State or territorial
organization.
By article one of the treaty of New Echota,
December 29, 1835, Cherokees ceded all the
remaining lands " claimed or owned by them
east of the Mississippi river."
This treaty provision is made under act of
Congress of May 28, 1830, for transfer of
lands east for lands west of the Mississippi
river, and for the removal of the Cherokees
thereto, which lands were to be granted to
them forever in fee, and patented to be theirs
and their heirs' and assigns' until the Indians
become extinct or abandon the same.
By the fifteenth article of the treaty of
Washington, of July 19, 1866, with the Chero-
kees, it is provided that—
" Tile United States may settle any civilized Indi-
ans friendly with the Cherokees and adjacent tribes
withm the Cherokee country, on unoccupied lands
east of ninety-six degrees, on such terms as may
be agreedupon by any such triboand the Cherokees.
subject to the approval ot the President of tiie Uni-
ted States, which bhall be consistent witn the follow-
ing provisions."
One of which is that they may become
members of the Cherokee nation, &c.
The sixteenth article of the same treaty pro-
vides that—
" The United States may settle friendly Indians in
any part of the Cnerokee country west of ninety-six
degrees, to be taken in a compact foim, in quantity
not exceeding one hundred and sixty acres for eacfi
member ot eaeh ot said tribes thus to bo settled, &c..
the Cherokees to hold possession and jurisdiction
over the lands until so settled by these tribes."
Both of"these are cessions for specified pur-
poses, in the interest of the United States, of
a portion of their lands west of the Mississippi
river, where they now reside ; and in violation
of this and all former treaties it is proposed to
disrupt their territory and lands for speculative
purposes.  
cession of lands by choctaws to united states.
By the third article of the treaty of Hope-
well, January 3, 1786, in the limitation of
boundaries, lands were released to the United
States.
The second article of the treaty of Fort Con-
federation, October 17, 1802, released to the
United States all lauds therein named, on
Toinbigbee and Mobile rivers. Lands were
ceded also by the following treaties, and by
the alterations of lines under first article of
treaty of August 31, 1803.
By first article of the treaty of Mount Dexter,
November 16,1805; by first article of the treaty
of Choctaw Trading-House, October 24, 1816;
by first article of the treaty of Doak's Stand,
October 18, 1820; by first article of treaty at
city of Washington, January 20, 1825, and by
the third article of the treaty of Dancing Rab-
bit Creek, September 27. 1830, being all the
country they owned and possessed east of the
Mississippi river.
This final cession of the lands east of the
Mississippi river was in view of their removing
west of that river, and was in strict accordance
