1522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 8, 1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
' Mr. CHANDLER. I move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Journal
must first be read unless the reading be
dispensed with.
Mr. SPENCER. I move that the reading
of the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. CASSERLY. I know it is an ungra-
cious thing to object 
Mr. VICKERS. The Senate is very thin.
I think the Journal had better be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Maryland object?
Mr. VICKERS. Yes, sir.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Jour-
nal of yesterday's proceedings, but was inter-
rupted by
Mr. SPENCER. I move that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. SPRAGUE and Mr. TIPTON. I
object.
The Secretary resumed and concluded the
reading of the Journal.
public building in indianapolis.
Mr. PRATT. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate this morning to take up and put upon
its passage the bill (H. R. No. 1538) for the
construction of an addition to the United
States court-house and post office building in
Indianapolis, Indiana, and for the purchase
of additional ground adjoining the site of said
building. I was not in my place in the Senate
yesterday morning at the time several bills of
this character, providing for public buildings
in Albany, St. Louis, Little Rock, Raleigh,
and Hartford, were taken up and put oil their
passage in the Senate. I was engaged in the
committee-room on pensions. This bill is of a
similar character. It comes recommended by
the Secretary of the Treasury and the super-
vising architect of the Treasury. Tt is a bill
of the House. It has been referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds
in the Senate, and reported back without
amendment. If any Senator should desire to
ask any questions in regard to it I will readily
respond to them; but I ask that the bill be
now taken up.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded -to con-
sider the bill. The Secretary of the Treasury
is by it instructed to cause to be erected an
addition to the buildiug now owned by the
United States in the city of Indianapolis,
Indiana, to correspond in design to the build-
ing, and suitable for the further accommoda-
tion of the United States courts, post office,
local laud offices, and internal revenue and
pension offices, at a cost not to exceed one
hundred thousand dollars; the addition to be
erected on the grounds now owned by the
United States. The Secretary of the Treasurv
is also directed to negotiate "for the purchase,
of the lot, or part of lot, lying east of and ad-
joining the ground on which the United States
court-house and post office building has been
erected in the city of Indianapolis, Indiana, at
a cost to be agreed upon by the owner or
owners of the lot or part, of lot, and the judges
of the circuit and district courts of the United
States, and the district attorney of the United
States for Indiana, and the postmaster at
Indianapolis, subject to the approval of the
Secretary of the Treasury; but no money
which may hereafter be appropriated for this
purpose is to be used or expended in the.pur-
chase of the lot or part of lot until a valid title
thereto shall be vested in the United States,
and until the State of Indiana shall cede its
jurisdiction over the same, and shall also duly
release and relinquish to the United States the
right to tax or in any way assess the lot or part
of lot, and the property of the United States
that may"be thereon during the time that the
United States shall be or remain the owner
thereof.
Mr. COLE. I understood the chairman of
the Committee on Public Building and Grounds
yesterday to say, before the passage of several
of these bills, that we were about through with
them at that time. We do not seem to be
through with them yet, and I should like to
inquire if we are to ever get through with this
class of bills.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. What is the
bill? I was not paying attention at the mo-
ment.
Mr. COLE. It is one of the public build-
ings bills, providing for a building at Indian-
aDolis, I believe.
"The yiCE PRESIDENT. This bill, the
Chair will state, is on the Calendar and has
been since the 19th of February, when it was
reported favorably by the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds, and when the other
bills passed yesterday the Senator from Indi-
ana states he was engaged in committee and
did not have an opportunity to present this
bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I did not
say they were all passed, but that about all
were reported that the committee proposed to
report.
Mr. COLE. Then I misunderstood the
Senator. I thought he said they were about all
passed or acted upon.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I believe
they are nearly all passed. They are all cer-
tainly reported.
Mr. COLE. I should like to inquire, then,
how many are reported that are not acted on?
I should like to see our way through these
measures as soon as possible.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Sena-
tor is a member of the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds. I think no bill has
been reported that has not received his assent.
Mr. COLE. Some, I noiice, are reported
that I have no knowledge or recollection of;
but I have not been able, in consequence of
the pressure of business on other committees,
to attend every session of the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. MO LUtlLL, of Vermont. The Senator
allows the business of the Committee oi^Ap-
propriaiions to absorb his brains pretty much,
and he does not remember the bills that he
consented to in the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. COLE. The Senator is evading an an-
swer to my question. I wish to know whether
there is a considerable list of these bills yet
to come.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from California is very yielding, and several
have passed in the morning session that I
have not paid particular attention to, and I
cannot say how many there are left; but in
the whole, those that have beeu approved by
the committee, I think, do not exceed ten,
and I think the most of them have already
received the sanction of the Senate.
Mr. COLE. I should think that number
had passed already, making very large appro-
priations of money.
The VICE PRESIDENT. So far as the
Calendar is concerned, all the bills of this
character appear to have been disposed of,
except the bill in regard to the purchase of a
site for a building in Cincinnati.
Mr. COLE. That has been acted upon, I
think.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There is one
bill for Sacramento, California, which I should
like to get up this morning if the Senator from
California would yield for that purpose.
Mr. COLE. I am much obliged to the Sen-
ator. That bill does not make any appropri-
ation. It only directs an inquiry to be made,
and 1 hope the chairman will call it up at the
earliest moment possible. There is more
necessity for a public building there than there j
is in many of the places for which we have
provided buildings.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us go on in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill called
up by the Senator from Indiana is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
adjournment to monday.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is now in order'.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
about to execute the twenty-fourth rule bv
submitting bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives, which has priority of morning
business.
Mr. CHANDLER. Inow renew my motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is that motion?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan desires to move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 1297) amendatory of
an act entitled "An act donating public lands
to the several States and Territories which
may provide colleges for the benefit of agri-
culture and mechanic arts," passed July 2,
1862, and acts amendatory thereto, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Agriculture.
The bill (H. R. No. 1766) to authorize the
Chicago and Northwestern Railway Company
to change their projected line of railway in
the State of Michigan was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 108) grant-
ing condemned cannon for the erection of a
soldiers' monument at Mound City, Illinois,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
executive communication. '
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of the Navy,
in response to a resolution of the 2d instant,
transmitting information relative to wharf or
river frontage at New Orleaus occupied by the
Government; which was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a reso-
lution of the Legislature of Maine in favor of a
faithful observance of treaties made with the
Indian tribes ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered lo be
printed.
He also presented a petition of settlers and
miners of New Mexico, praying for the settle-
ment of the difference between the settlers and
miners of Colfax county in that Territory, and
the Maxwell Land Grant and Railway Com-
pany ; which was referred to the Committee
on Teiritories.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. At a large pub-
lic meeting of lumbermen held in East Sag-
inaw, Michigan, on the4th instant, thefollowing
protest was adopted, which I am requested to
present to the Senate ; and with the indulgence
of the Senate I will read it:
Whereas a strong effort is being put forth by a
combination of interests at Chicago, with numerous
and wealthy Canadian lumbermen and otherforeigrt
importcrsand manufacturers, to force the bill known
as the Chicago relict bill through the UnitedStates
Senate, (the same having already passed the House,)
which measure practicality amounts to a repeal of
the tariff duty upon foreign lumber and many other
artielos, such as may be used in rebuilding the por-
tions or said city burned in October last, the princi-
pal business men and lumber producers of the Sagi-
naw valley fearing and feeling the passage of said
bill will be a source of serious injury to the general
business and prosperity of Michigan, and especially
to the lumber and iron producing districts of the
State, have assembled in this public meeting to enter
then- united and earnest protest against the passage
of said bill, or the enactment by Congress of any
measuro of like character.
Uettolved, That we are opposed to this attempt
as a precedent for supplying Government aid lor
