1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
627
of this House, that this case reccully came to
us from the Pension Bureau. The reason why
this soldier was not granted a pension is this:
he was furloughed from general hospital. The
records of the War Department and Surgeon
General's department show that he was fur-
loughed, but it does not appear that it was a
sick furlough. They are strictly bound by
the records of the War Department. This
soldier was wounded while on picket duty at
Chattanooga, and was transferred to general
hospital in Indiana, and while convalescing
was permitted to go home ou furlough. While
on his way with other soldiers an accident
happened to the train, and a number of persons
were seriously injured. This soldier was on
the train. The Pension Bureau regard his case
as one of great merit. There is not a question
of doubt in reference to the equitable character
of the claim, butthis simple technicality estops
the Pension Bureau from granting tlie pension,
and hence the party comes here for lelief.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a thiid time 5 and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
NATXIAN MORGAN.
Mr. MOOHE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (IL It. No. 1211) granting
a pension to Nathan Morgan; which was read
a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Nathan Morgan, late a private
in company I, of the fortieth regiment Iowa
volunteer infantry, to take effect from the pas-
sage of this act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. M0011E moved to reconsider the vote
by which the hill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid 011 the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. MOO KB also, from the same commit-
tee, reported adversely on the papers in the
following cases, and the same were severally
laid 011 tne table:
Papers in the case of Saiah Craig, of Har-
rison county, Kentucky, widow of Edward
Craig, private company P, one hundred and
twenty fourth regiment United States colored
troops ; and
Papers in the case of James Carroll, pilot
of the boat Salhe Wood.
FRANCES B. LOTJCIvS.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported adversely on the papers in the
case of Prances E. Loucks, widow of Charles
G. Loucks, private company A, eleventh regi-
ment Indiana volunteers.
Mr. MOOltE. I yield to the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Couunx.]
The SPEAKER. In reference to the case
just reported?
Mr. MOORE. Yes, sir.
Mr. COBIJKN. I desire to introduce abill
to provide for the increase of the pension of
Prances E. Loucks.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not pre-
cisely understand in what form the gentleman
i'tom Indiana [Mr. Cois'JRs] would put his
motion.
Mr. COBURN. I move that bill as a sub-
stitute for the report of the committee. The
applicant is the widow of Charles G. Loucks.
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts the
gentleman's ability to do that under the rule.
The Chair would suggest thatthe proper course
to take, under parli.iia utaty law, would be to
move a recommittal of the report, with instruc-
tions to report a bill.
Mr. COBUR'N. I make that, motion.
The motion was agreed to; and aceoi-dingiy
the report was recommitted, with instructions
to the committee to report a bill to provide
for an increase of pension to Frances E.
Loucks.
P. B. TItrCKEY.
Mr. MANSON, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the petition of P. B.
Trickey, of Maine, for a pension ; and the
same was laid on the table.
ORDER. OF BUSINESS.
No further reports being made by the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, the Committees
on Railways and Canals, on Mines and Min-
ing, and on Freedinen's Affairs were severally
called, but no reports were presented by those
committees.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole 011
the legislative, executive, and judicial appro-
priation bill.
Pending that motion,
EN ROLLED BILL SIONED,
Mr. BIRD, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had exam-
ined and found duly enrolled a bill of the
following title ; when the Speaker signed the
same:
A bill (S. No. 524) to correct a clerical error
committed in the enrollment of an act approved
March 7, 1870, entitled "An act to relieve cer-
tain persons therein named from the legal and
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States, and for other purposes."
RECEIPTS AND EXPENDITURES, ETC.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Treas-
urer of the United States, transmitting his
adjusted quarterly a omits of the general re-
ceipts and expenditures of the United States
for the third and fourth quarters of 18G!) and
the first and second quarters of 1S70, being
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1870;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
SUBSISTENCE OF SIOUX INDIANS.
The SPEAKER also, hy unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter fro in the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting esti-
mates of appropriation of $500,000 lor sub-
sisting and clothing the Teton and other
bands of Sioux Indians near Fort, Peek, in
Montana; -which was referred to the Commit-
tee 011 Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
DEPREDATIONS BY OSAGE INDIANS.
TheSPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before tho House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, in relation to sundry claims
for depredations committed by the Osage In-
dians ; which was referred to the Committee
of Claims, and ordered to he printed.
RAILROAD FROM CHICAGO TO MOBILE.
Mr. CREBS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the memorial of the city council of the
city of Cairo, praying that, the aims and pur-
poses of the provisions of the seventh section
of an act of Congress of September 20, 1850,
granting the right of way and making a grant
of lands to the States of'Illinois, Alabama, and
Mississippi, to aid in building a railroad from
Chicago to Mobile, may be enforced or carried
out, in good failH; which was referred to the
Committee 011 the Public Lands, and ordered
to he printed in the Globe.
The memorial is as follows:
State op Illinois,
County oj Alexander, City of Cairo, ss :
X, M. J. Ilowlcy, city clork within and for tho city
UtSlU ill UiO WUIltli yunmwv..    ' 
(la> of January, A. D. 1872, tho following preamble
awl resolutions were unanimously adopted, namely:
" Whereas by ;in act of the Congress of the Unit ed
States, approved September 20, A.I). 1&>0, entitled
'An act granting tfie right of way and making a
Kraut of land to the Statesof Illinois, Alabama, unci
Mississippi, in aid of the construction of a railroad
from Chicago to Mobile,' certain landfe weiegianted
to the State of Illinois for the purpose of aiding and
building a railroad lrom a point at or near the
mouth of the Ohio river to the city of Chicago and
to .Dubuque, in the State of Iowa, with a condition
inserted in said act that if said railroad shall not
be completed within ten years the said State ofllii-
nois shall be bound to pay to the United States tho
amount which may be received upon the snlo of any
part of said lands by said State; and the title to tho
residue (not sold) of said lands shall reinvost in tho
United States; and whereas it was further enacted
by section seven of said act ' that in order to aid in
the construction of said Central railroad from tho
mouth ofthe Ohio river to the city of Mobile all the
rights, privileges, and liabilities hereinbefore con-
ferred on the State of Illinois shall bo granted to the
States of Alabama and Mississippi, respectively, for
the purpose of aiding in the construction of a rail-
road from said city of Mobile (o a point near the
mouth ot tho Ohio river, and that public lands ot
the United States, to the same extent in propoition
to the length of the road, on the same terms, limit-
ations, and restrictions in every respect, shall be, and
are hereby, granted to said States of Alabama and
Mississippi respectively; and whereas, although that
portion of said Chicago and Mobile railroad within
the State of Illinois was completed within six years
after tho passage of said act, and has been since and
is now maintained and operated, and a large part of
said road between the Ohio river and Mobile has
also been completed and is now operated, buta por-
tion south of tho Ohio river for twenty mile-* or more
has never been constructed, and the road, therefore,
lrom Chicago to Mobile has never been completed,
and the purposes of said act of Congress therefore
never answered, and its conditions never complied
with: Therefore,
"i/e U rexolvcdba the City Council of the city of Cairo,
That our Representatives and Senators in Congress
be requested to use their best exertions to have the
aims and purposes of said act ot Congress carried out
at the earliest possible period.
"Resolved, That tho thanks of this city council be,
and they hereby are, presented to lion. John A.
Logan for tho interest already manifested by him
m lus publie position in regard to tho subject-matter
ofthe foregoing preamble and resolutions.
* Ilctolved, That copies of the said preamble and
resolution?, ceitified under the seal ot the city, and
attested by the signatures of tho mayor and city
cleik, be forwarded to our Representative and Sen-
ators in Congress."
In testimony whereof, the mayor and city clerk
of s.iid city have hereto set their hands, and
[l. s.] caused the seal of said city to be affixed at
the clerk's oflic® in Cairo, this 19th day of
January, A. 3). 1872.
J01IN M. LANSDEN, Manor.
M. J. 110WLEV, City Clerk.
CLAIM OK JOSEPH POWKUi.
On motion of Mr. IIAZLEl'ON, of Wis-
consin, the Committee of Elections were dis-
charged from the further consideration ofa res-
olution referred to them touching the paymeut
of the claim of Joseph l'owell for expenses
incurred in a contested-election case to which
he was a party in the Fortieth Congress, and
the same was leferred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. IIAZLETON, of Wisconsin, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was referred ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WITHDRAWAL 01' PAPBItS.
On motion of Mr. TAFFE, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
the case of Captain George Truerst.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan,
by unanimous consent, leave was granted for
the withdrawal from the files of the House of
the petition and papers of Timothy Baker.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The motion of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, was
then agreed to ; and the House accordingly re
solved itself into tho Committee of the Whole,
(Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of House bill No. 1000, making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 1873, and for other
purposes.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill
where it was suspended yesterday, and con-
tinued it until the following paragraph was
read :
Fur continent expense*. rtamo'v, office rent, re-
pairs .nut mlic^;lkulC!0u.'-, items, S:f>,tKji).
