1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3315
or Navy of the United States during the war
of the rebellion ; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I present a
petition, numerously signed, from the State
of Massachusetts, in behalf of an additional
grant to the scientific schools which have been
already partially endowed by Congress. They
respectfully memorialize Congress to consider
favorably the immense advantages which will
accrue to the wealth, industry, and social hap-
piness of the people of the United States, by
bestowing a further grant of land on the insti-
tutions already referred to, for their more com-
plete development and endowment.
As this petition is rather a remarkable one
for the weight of the names attached to it, I
will venture tor ead some of them, for I hardly
think there is a city in the whole country other
than the one in which this petition was gotten
up that could in so brief a space present names
of greater consideration. It is signed by Wil-
liam B. Rogers, John Amory Lowell, Alex-
ander H. Rice, J. Ingersoll JBowditch, P. W.
Lincoln, E. B. Bigelow, Charles L. Flint, S.
K. Lothrop, John D. Philbrick, Marshall P.
Wilder, James M. Beebe, Henry B. Rogers,
J. Baxter Upham, Thomas T. Bouv6, S. P.
Ruggles, Edward Atkinson, and J. D. Runkle.
I am sure that if any names were ever pre-
sented to Congress that ought to receive con-
sideration, by reason of scientific culture and
liberality in behalf of educational interests,
these are among them. I move the reference
of this petition to the Committee on Educa-
tion and Labor.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I present the me-
morial of the Presbyterian church at Cam-
bridge, Wisconsin, asking Congress to devise
means by which the benevolent may relieve
those who are suffering froin famine in Persia.
In connection with this memorial I will state
that I have in my hand what purports to be a
statement from a missionary on the ground,
Rev. Or. Van Norden, who says, writing from
Hatnadan:
" 'the famine at this place is terrible. As you go
to t.lie markets the streets present a sad spectacle
of the dead and dying; men, women, and children
crying out for bread and lighting with one another
over the last morsel or for a few coppers."
By the same mail he says :
"The famine in Teheran is terrible, and the suffer-
ing in Tabuez Captain Jones (British consul) rep-
resents as fearful. There is a great deal of distress
in Oroomiah, though there is grain enough in the
granaries of the land-owners, but ths people are
impoverished, and there seems but little strength
left. The people of the villages llock to us for
relief, but we have but a pittance and that must
pro to relieve the strangers that have come from
Hamadan, Ispahan, and other places, who are
naked, hungry, homeless, and friendless. Sixty are
reported as having died in one company of those
who were fleeing hither, and many have died
since."
I move that this memorial be referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WINDOM. I present a memorial of
citizens of Minneapolis, in the State of Min-
nesota, who represent that they are extensively
engaged in various and important branches of
domestic manfacture, with a very large demand
and market for the products of their manufac-
tures in the immense territory west of the Mis-
souri river, and they state that their business
is very seriously affected by the excessive
charges of the Union Pacific railroad over the
bridge at Omaha. They therefore ask Con-
gress to require the company to operate its
road as one continuous line to Council Bluffs
and at that point to make its connection with
other railroad lines, free from the oppressive
tolls and charges now imposed, in violation of
law, upon the trade and travel extending west
of the Missouri river. I move the reference
of the memorial to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN presented a me-
morial of citizens of New Jersey, remonstrat-
ing against any amendment of the Constitu-
tion which may render a person of foreign
birth eligible to the office of President of
the United States; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of Reu-
ben W. Opp, of Lafayette, Indiana, praying
compensation for the occupation and use of
his houses in Helena, Arkansas, by the officers
and soldiers of the United States Army during
the late civil war, and for the destruction of
certain buildings, fences, pavements, &e.;
which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I now ask that
the bill of which I gave notice yesterday may
be taken up, to be laid aside until the business
of the morning hour is concluded—the bill'in
reference to the transit of animals.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent. Is there objection ?
Mr. CASSERLY. _ We have had so much
embarrassment on this side of the Chamber
arising out of that practice that the Senator
from New Jersey will excuse me for objecting.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California objects.
SENATOR DAVIS, OF KENTUCKY.
Mr. STEVENSON. It is known to the
Senate that my colleague [Mr. Davis] has
been for some time confined to his home by
serious illness. I am sure the Senate and the
country will be gratified to know that his
health has been almost completely restored,
and that he had proposed to return to Wash-
ington during the latter part of this week. He
has been informed, however, by his physician
that owing to the extreme heat of the weather
it would be uusafe for him to do so. I there-
fore ask leave of absence for him during the
remainder of the session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kentucky asks leave of absence for his
colleague during the remainder of the session.
Is there objection? The Chair hears none,
and leave is granted.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committeee on
Military Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 978) for adjusting the claims of the
State of New Hampshire, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 62G) to authorize the sale of cer-
tain public property at Augusta, Georgia, have
directed me to report it back, and to move
that the Senate concur in the amendment of
the House, which is a substitute for the bill.
I ask for action upon it now.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the
amendment of the House of Representatives.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is so long, and in-
volves so large au amount of property, that I
suggest it had better lie over for a day and be
printed, so that we can all see what it is.
Mr. WILSON. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made.
Mr. WILSON. I am also directed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the
amendment of the House of Representatives
to the bill (S. No. 471) to amend an act en-
titled " An act supplementary to an act to
provide for furnishing artificial limbs to dis-
abled soldiers," approved June 30, 1870, to
report it back, and move that the Senate con-
cur in the amendment of the House. The
amendment is a substitute, and perhaps it
would be as well to have that printed also.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be printed
and placed on the Calendar.
Mr. RICE, from the Committee on Mines
and Mining, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 771) for incorporating the United States
Metallurgical Company, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. OSBORN, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the me-
morial of Mrs. F. Salina Buchanan, asking
remuneration for the losses of her husband
while purser in the Navy, in the years 1838,
1839, and 1840, submitted a report accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 1106) for the relief
of Mrs. F. Selina Buchanan.
The bill was read and passed to the second
reading, and the report was ordered to ba
printed.
Mr. OSBORN, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of George R. Wilson, praying compen-
sation for the use of his invention for an im-
provement in gun-carriages by the Govern-
ment, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 1108) for the relief of George R.
Wilson. The bill was read and passed to a
second reading, and the report was ordered to
be printed.
HARMON E. WENTWORTH.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to report a bill (S,
No. 1105) for the relief of Harmon E. Wenfc-
worth, late second lieutenant fourteenth New
York heavy artillery. It is a bill of only three
or four lines, and I should like to have it put
on its passage at once.
By unanimous consent the bill was read
three times, and passed. It directs the Pay-
master General to pay to Harmon E. Went-
wortli, late second lieutenant company D,
fourteenth regiment New York heavy artillery,
the full pay and emoluments of a second lieu-
tenant of heavy artillery from the 7th of June,
18G4, to the 10th of April, 1805, and also to
allow him what he may have refunded of the
three months' pay proper paid to him under
the act of March 3, 1805, deducting there-
from all pay he may have received from the
Government as an enlisted man for that
period.
AMERICAN FORK RAILWAY.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. The Committee on
the Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 1031) granting to the American
Fork Railway Company the right of way
through the public lands for the construction
of a railroad and telegraph in the Territory
of Utah, have instructed me to report it back
with an amendment. I desire to say that
this is a short road in the Territory of Utah,
a road of seventeen miles, owned by Mr.
Aspinwall of New York, up & canon to his
smelting-works. He is now constructing the
road. This bill grants the right of way sim-
ply, and I desire to have it put on its passage.
The bill was read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that will have to
go over. I see it contains a provision about
mortgaging, which is a matter I think we ought
not to go into where we merely grant the right
of way.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. It is a matter of a pri-
vate nature more than Anything else.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the reason why
we ought not to interfere with it.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. It is to enable Mr.
Aspinwall, really, to build a railroad to his
smelting-works.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is
objected to, and it will go on the Calendar.
B. II. RANDALL.
Mr. AMES. The Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
747) for the relief of B. H. Randall, have in-
structed me to report it back and recommend
its passage. I ask that it may be now con-
sidered.
The bill was read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me, if this
practice is to obtain, we shall never do any
business.
