1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
575
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Ku Klux Outrages—Mr. Maynard.
Ho. of Reps.
for knowledge. Naturally religious, tliey pro-
vide to the extent of their -means, and some-
times beyond, for the maintenance of public
worship. Hence the school-house and the
church are often erected to the postponement
of commodious private dwellings—perhaps not
an unpromising tendency in a people struggling
upward towards a better civilization.
their offense.
But as a complete offset to conduct like this
are two inexpiable offenses; they were free
and they were Republicans. As freemen they
were a perpetual reminder of the rebellion,
its boastful promise and its ignominious failure.
As Republicans they were, in a special sense,
the friends of the bated Federal Government
' and of all who had united to preserve it. This
was as gall and bitter wormwood to the de-
feated but still defiant rebel spirit, the same
spirit which in the first months of the war im-
prisoned so many Union men in Knoxvilleand
then sent them to die in Tuscaloosa, and which
subsequently became so terribly conspicuous
in the prison pens of Andersonville and Belle
Isle, Salisbury and Castle Thunder; the old
spirit of the southern Democracy, intolerant,
domineering, and implacable; the spirit of
the bowie-knife, the bludgeon, and the cow-
hide. Any open expression of this feeling was
no louger safe, and therefore out of the ques-
tion. The first experimental mobs and riots
had been disastrous to tbeir authors, and some
new form of cruelty had to be devised by which
the victims couid be attacked without danger
and the perpetrators escape detection.
THE KU KLUX OKOANIZATION.
These conditions were met by the powerful
and widely ramified organization known to
the public aa the Ku Klux. Dating back to a
period within two years after the close of the
war, it soon extended itself into every south-
ern State. It was secret as much as it is
possible to make such a thing secret. Beside^
the usual methods of secrecy, every member
as far as possible was involved, as principal
or accessory, in some criminal violation of law,
which would seal his lips from considerations
of personal safety. Oaths were imposed with
a fearful penally and held paramount to those
administered by authority of taw. The semi
military character appeared in the form of the
separate dens or councils, in the arms, and the
uniforms—the latter contrived for the com-
plete disguise of horse and rider, and made
purposely grotesque at once to frighten the
timid and to impose upon the intelligent, if
necessary, as mummers on a masquerade ;
it appeared also m their movements when
abroad, in the executiou of ordered punish-
ments by parlies ignorant both of the offender
and his offense, and in the subjection of the
whole to a single controlling head wit.h con-
venient subordinates for different States and
smaller jurisdictions* It was composed of white
men of southern birth, in politics Democrats.
The leaders, so far as I recollect, without an ex-
ception, were of rebel antecedents and con-
nected by high rank with tberebelannies. Their
victims were either Kepublicans, white or col-
ored, or Democrats who were hostile to the
order. For while all Ku Klux were Democrats,
I take pleasure in adding that all Democrats
were not Ku Klux. And more, there were per-
sons manifestly not in the confidence of the
Ku Klux whom their victims were afraid to
approach with the cruel story of their wrongs,
and who. having read nothing but their own
local newspapers, testified, and testified truth-
fully, and i must think, to their utter disbelief
in theKu Klux and their alleged outrages. How
indeed should they know7 Blissful in their
ignorance, it would have been folly to be wise.
EXAMINATION IN OEOEOIA AND FLORIDA.
Before going into a detail of the operations
of this bloody order, let me dwell a moment
upon the part I bore in the collection of testi-
mony. I have said that I was a member of the
Committee o:i the Insurrectionary States, and
chairman of a sub-committee to take evidence
in North and South Carolina, Georgia, and
Florida. Associated with me on the sub-
committee were the gentlemen of the House
portion of the joint committee from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Scofiei.d,] from New York, [Mr.
Lansing,] and from Indiana, [Mr. Voorhees,]
and from the Senate portion of the committee,
the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayaud,]
the last two forming the minority of the sub-
committee. This committee was appointed
on the 22d, day of September last, but, owing
to the private engagements of some of the
members, could not reach Atlanta, the cap-
ital, of Georgia, until the 20th of October. In
a few days Mr. Voorhees was compelled by ill
health to return home, and Mr. Bayard, the
other minority member, notified the sub-com-
mittee that professional engagements would for-
bid him to remain longer than until the 15th
of November. This greatly restricted our time,
for the majority of the sub-committee did not feel
at liberty to proceed in the absence of the minor-
ity. There had been taken much testimony re-
lating to North and South Carolina during the
Bummer. The committee in Washington took
the testimony of witnesses in Georgia covering
some three hundred and fitly printed pag-;s,
none relating to Florida; yet all the available
time, excepting four days, was spent in exam-
ining witnesses in Atlanta. I am led into
these apparently irrelevant statements by re-
marks of one of the members of the sub-com-
mittee made when I was not present and where,
had I been present, I could not have replied.
He complains thatcertain judges of the superior
court of Georgia were notexamined in accord-
ance with a request by formal resolution of
the senate of that State. That resolution was
passed on the 8th of November, the very day
the sub-committee left Atlanta for Florida,
and did not reach the sub-committee until after
they had closed their work there and were just
in the act of leaving. Truth requires it to be
stated that subpenas were issued promptly,
without question for every witness desired
by the minority. On reaching Atlanta lhe
sub-commiitee proceeded at once with their
duties and continued day by day, Sundays ex-
cepted, from early morning until late in the
evening, stopping barely for dinner. This they
did until the very last moment, when compelled
to take the train to reach Florida. They were
obliged to leave unexamined witnesses sum-
moned by the minority, and still more who had
been summoned by the majority, to the deep
regret of the injured Republicans of Georgia,
and certainly to mine. We might well have
spent two weeks longer. The testimony of the
majority witnesses covers five hundred and
sixty-four, and of the minority witnesses three
hundred and three printed pages.
It is proper to add that we found the circuit
court of the United S'ates in session at At-
lanta. Many witnesses had been summoned
and were in attendance before the grand jury.
Arrangements had been made with the district
attorney to detain them until examined by the
sub-committee, thus saving many hundreds of
dollars expense to the Government.
The same member of the sub-committee has
seen fit to criticise his associates because they
did not accept invitations to attend fairs held at
Macon and at Augusta; thus occupying at least
one week of their lime, already too limiied,
11 examine all the witnesses on either side!
I am forbidden to intimate a purpose to em-
barrass the investigation; but we may failly
infer a disinclination to hear from witnesses
who were in their own persons the victims of
Ku Klux outrages. They who will take the
time to examine the volumes of evidence
will probably conjecture the reason.
character of facts eucitkd.
It would be impossible to give the evidence
in detail. I shall group the instances of law-
lessness and violence, giving a few character- •
istic of the rest.
Burning school-houses: The efforts by the
colored people for education seem to, have
aroused a peculiar feeling of exasperation,
extending to all who engaged as teachers and
to those who lent them countenance. Wil-
liam Jennings, a witness introduced by the
minority, testified upon this subject, and I
quote from testimony:
" By Mr. Bayard :
"Question. Do you not find that a great deal of
injury has boen done by many of the negro preaoh-
ors who are undertaking to load their people and
become instructors ?
"Answer. Well, I ilo not know.
"Question. By combining religion and politics ?
"Answer. I cannot say that; so far as my experi-
ence goes, (we have three or four here in town,) they
are very good men." ** * «-
" By the Chairman: . s
"Question. Is the feeling against these negro
proachers because of their personal oharaoter, or
want of character, do you think, or is it because
they are leading, prominent men, in whom their
race coufide ?
"Answer. Well, sir.it might be from both causes.
I havo no doubt there are some of them who are
ignorant, and consequently a little violent and ag-
gressive. But then they are objeoted to very mate-
rially because they are to some extent representa-
tive men; tliore is no doubt about that. They exer-
oiso a political influence over their race; they are
generally a little better educated than the mass of
the negro raoe, and frequently capable of giving
good advice, and do givo good advice.
"Question. Are not many of them intelligent, pru-
dent men?
"Answer. I think, so far as my knowledge goes, a
majority of them are intelligent, prudent men.
"Question. Men capable of giving to their race
wise counsel ?
"Answer. So far as my experience goes, I think a
majority of thoin are. •
"Question. Has it been very largely owing to their
counsel that the negroes h«ve committed so few acts
of violence, that, as many witnesses have testified
here, they havo borne themselves in a manner that
hasexcited the admiration even of their opponents ?
"Answer. I could hardly state upon that point.
I think, however, that tho general tendency of the
advice of negro preachers is good.
" Question. You have been asked upon the subject
of education; what is the feeling of the community
with respect to educating these colored people?
"Answer. I am sorry to say thatit is rather averse
to it.
" Question. Have you reliable information of their
school-houses having been burned?
"Answer. X have heard of several.
"Question. And of their ohurches having been
burned ?
" Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. And of their teachers having been
scourged and driven away?
" Answer, I have heard those things.
" Question. In your judgment, what would be tho
social standing «f any person, without respeot either
to sex or personal culture and cultivation, who
should engage in teaching a oolored school in the
State of Georgia?
" Answer. They would be just ignored entirely, so
far as their social standing is concerned.
" Question. It would be sufficient to exclude them
entirely from what is called society?
"Answer. Yes, sir; even llepublican families of
reasonably good standing dare not recognize them,
for by so doing they would oxclude themselves from
society.
"Question. The ostracism extends not only to the
teachers themselves, but to all who recognize them?
"Amwer, Yes,sir."
" By Mr. Bayard :
" Question. You were asked by the ehairman a
question which involved tne charges of burning
churches, school-houses, &c., and I understand yoq
to eive an affirmative answer. Can you givo tne
dales and occasions when those things took plaoe;
do you mean to state that such things have been
trequent ami common in this State? 
" Answer. Well, sir, in 1867 and 186S they wore
very common; there was hardly a neighborhood,
•until the matter wfs talked about a great deal,
where they were willing to establish coloi ed schools 
"Question. Let as cotne down to wichiu two years
of this time. What is your statement upon the sub-
ject; havo such acta of vanda-Hsui now ceased ?
"Amwer. I think there is a tendency ia that
direction, as I havo remarked before.
*' Question. Is the sentiment, of most of the people
of Georgia against it ? t
" Answer. I think it is becoming so. I think it i?
getting in that direction. There are a great many
neighborhoods where a colored school would not bo
tolerated at ail now; I know there are sueh in my
district; but there are neighborhoods where they are
