1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1523
the relief of particular interests or sections against
casualties or conflagrations the result of natural or
artificial causes, behoving it fur better and safer to
rely upon the liberality and charity of the people,
which has been so nobly and unsparingly exemplified
toward the people ol Chicago and suiferers from tile
same cause throughout the Northwest. Such legis-
lation is not in accord with the letter or spirit of our
Constitution or Government, and will prove danger-
ous in principle and introduce corruption in seeking
and disbursing such aid.
Resolved, That the method of relief proposed in
this bill is not only unequal and unjust to other sec-
tions of the country, but it is unwise and unconsti-
tutional. It takes from one class of sufferers to re-
lieve the wants of another. _ It practically makes
Chicago a " free port," and discriminates in favor of
its business, growth, and prosperity, against every
other city in the country. It opens the doors for im-
mense frauds upon the revenue, and ofiers a direct
premium for personal dishonesty and the violation
of law. It will require the passage of additional
laws to protect the revenue, and add largely to the
general expenses to confer a private benefit upon a
lew citizens. It makes the national Treasury and
its officers instruments to oppress one portson of the
people m assuming to aid another. It imposes upon
two of the producingintercsts of Michigan, iron and
lumber, unnecessary and onerous taxation to benefit
the owners of real estate in another State and city.
It establishes a precedent for unlawful and unequal
taxation in its most odious form, which if carried to
its logical conclusion should and will be applied
under similar circumstances not only to cities, but
to villages, towns, and individuals.
Resolved, That the small amount of duty on the
lumber that will be required to rebuild the city of
Chicago is the lightest part of the burden that will
be thrown upon the lumbermen of Michigan. The
general depression of the price, which the adop-
tion of this bill will undoubtedly produce, foreshad-
ows ruin to the whole lumber interest of the State.
"We believe the loss of timber in this State by fire
last year was not less than $25,000,000. To save all
they could of the damaged stock, the lumbermen
have put into market a supply of nearly doublo
that of former years, and at an enhanced cost of
fully twenty-five per cent, over the average seasons.
This increased product will be an effectual prevent-
ive to increased cost of lumber to Chicago and the
country over former years, while yielding less profit
to the manufacturers. To practically repeal the
tariff duty on Canadian lumber by this bill will
put the price below cost of production, and cause
an additional loss of not less than So,000,000 to be
borne solely by the lumber-producing people of
Michigan. While we sympathize with the afflicted
people of Chicago, and have contributed liberally
for their relief, we realize the truth that "true
charity begins at home," and therefore protest
against this unjust burden in addition to our large
losses from the same unforeseen and uncontrollable
causes.
Resolved, That we extend our hearty thanks to
our Senators for their vigorous and able opposition
to the passage of this bill, and request them, and
our Representatives in the House, to use all reason-
able and honorable means for its defeat.
I move that tliis protest lie on the table,
the bill now being before the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, presented a peti-
tion of citizens of Michigan, praying that the
Chicago relief bill may not pass with any pro-
vision for the remission of the duties upon
lumber; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I present the petition
of Henry O. Towles, the administrator, with
the will annexed, of the estate of the late
Abram Fisher, of the city of Washington, pray-
ing for the passage of a bill to vest the legal
title of certain property in the children of said
Fisher. They having been slaves, they were
unable to inherit, and it is said there is an
escheat. I move that the petition be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and I ask
leave at this time in connection with it to pre-
sent a bill providing for their relief.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition will
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and the bill will be withheld until bills are
called for, and will then be referred,
Mr. WINDOM presented ten petitions
signed by citizens of Minnesota, late soldiers
of the Army, praying the passage of an act
giving $8 33J per month for the entire time
served, deducting all Government bounty paid;
also asking that the twenty-fifth section of the
act of July 15, 1870, be so amended as to
allow bounty land to honorably discharged
soldiers without the requirements of settlement
and cultivation; whieii were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented two petitions of citizens
of Minnesota, late soldiers in the war of re-
bellion, praying for a modification of the
homestead laws ; which were ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. FENTON. I present the remonstrance
of the silk-weavers, warpers, winders, and
manufacturers of silk ribbons in the city of
New York, against a reduction of the tariff
on silk goods, accompanied with a very inter-
esting letter from Mr. Soleiiac, one of the
principal manufacturers, and perhaps the most
prominent manufacturer of silk ribbons in this
country. 1 move that the petition lie on the
table, as the bill to which it refers has been
reported by the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. I also present a memorial
of the New York Tobacco Board of Trade, ask-
ing a continuance of the privilege of storing
manufactured tobacco in bonded warehouses
| and extending the system so that warehouses
j may be established in any revenue district
i where they may be wanted. It is signed by
j Mr. Evans, the president of the Board of
> Trade. I move its reference to the Committee
! on Finance.
! The motion v/as agreed to.
| Mr. FENTON presented the petition of
| Louisa Btisba, mother of Abram Busba, late
a private in company f, one hundred and fifty-
third regiment New York volunteers, praying
to be allowed a pension : which was referred
to the Committee ou Pensions.
He also presented the petition of W. M
Been, publisher of the Record, of Essex
county, New York, asking that regular dealers
! iu newspapers and periodicals be allowed to
receive printed or partly printed matter at the
same rates of postage as regular subscribers
to papers weighing four ounces who pay quar-
terly in advance ; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of J. T.
Bryer, J. W. Eldridge, and others, citizens of
Cass county, Indiana, praying that certain
taxes on spirits collected of Andrew Johnson,
of Logansport, be refunded to him; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of Andrew
Johnson, of Logansport, Indiana, praying that
certain taxes on spirits collected from him be
refunded to him; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. GOLDTHWAITE presented the memo-
rial of the trustees of the Episcopal Church
South, in the city of Huutsville, Alabama,
praying for compensation for the destruction
of a church accidentally set on fire by United
States troops in January, 1864; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. BLAIR presented the petition of Charles
E. Habicbt, publisher of the Tipton Weekly
Advance, of Moniteau county, Missouri, pray-
ing that persons known as regular publishers
and dealers in newspapers and periodicals may
receive by mail such quantities of either as
they may require in bulk, whether wholly or
in part printed, and pay postage thereou as
received at the same rates pro rata, as regu-
lar subscribers to publications weighing four
ounees who pay quarterly in advance; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. BAYARD. I present the memorial of
the Eureka Milling Company, ot Bath, Maine,
alleging grievances at the hands of special
agents of the United States Treasury Depart-
ment, which came at first to the special Com-
mittee ou Retrenchment and Investigation.
They not feeling themselves authorized to take
cognizance of the subj ect- matter, it was assented
to that I should present the memorial to the
Senate, and I now accompany it with a reso-
lution that the memorial be referred to the
Committee on Retrenchmentand Investigation,
and that they be authorized to examine into
the matter referred to therein and consider the
same in their general report; and I ask the
present consideration of the resolution extend-
ing the jurisdiction of tl^e committee to this
case.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Delaware presents a memorial in regard
to some grievance of citizens of Maine, and
asks the reference of it to the Committee on
Investigation and Retrenchment, and that
they have authority to consider the same in
their general inquiry. Is there objection to
the present consideration of the resolution ?
Mr. PRATT. I object to its present con-
sideration. The chairman of the committee
is not in his seat, and I prefer that it should
lie over until he is present.
Mr. BAYARD. I would not have pre-
sented it in the absence of the chairman but
that on individual consultation in the com-
mittee-room I understood he approved the
course which I then suggested and which I
now take. However, after what has been said,
I prefer that it should go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent to consider the resolution, which
is more than a simple reference, on the same
day on which it is introduced. Objection being
made, it will lie over.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN presented the pe-
tition of G. De Witt, Bro. & Co., praying pro-
tection against the importation of brass, cop-
per, and iron-wire cloth of fine meshes ; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SCHURZ presented the petition of
George F. Mincke, and thirty-one others,
workers in the Carondtlet iron-works of St.
Louis, Missouri, praying for a repeal of the
duties on tea, coffee, and such other articles
as cannot be produced in the United States,
and remonstrating against any change in the
duties on articles which can be successfully
produced in this country; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
PAPERS WITHDllAWN.
On motion of Mr. COOPER, it was
Ordered, That Paulina S. Jones have leave to
withdraw her petition and papers from the files of
the Senate.
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, it was
Ordered, That George Andrews have leave to
withdraw his petition and papers from the files of
the Senate.
PRINTING OF CEHSCS TABLES.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the
Committees on Printing, to whom was referred
a concurrent resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives for printing extra copies of the
first eight tables of the census, to report it
back without amendment, and recommend its
passage. The iiumber we have reported is
half what the Superintendent of the Census
has asked for, and what I think he ought to
have, but tho-re seems to be an indisposition
on the part of the other House to print a
larger number, and I think it better to con-
cur in their resolution. I ask for its present
consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution of
the House of Representatives :
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That there be
printed in muslin covers twelve thousand extra
copies of the first eight tables of the census report,
of which seven thousand shall be for tho use of the
House, thirty-five hundred for the Senate, and fif-
teen hundred foi the Census Bureau.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
what these twelve tables are. Is that the cen-
sus report giving the population of counties,
cities, and States?
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is what corresponds
to what was formerly the preliminary report?
Mr. ANTHONY. No ; what was formerly
called the preliminary report will now be a
summary of the whole work, and that will not
be completed until all the rest of the work is
finished.
Mr. TRUMBULL, (examining the docu-
ment presented by the committee with their
report.) Is this what is proposed to be printed 1
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, it is the statistics
of population. ...
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is a book that is
