1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2419
with the law of Congress of May 28, 18B0,
and treaties made under and by virtue of that
law; and th ese sales furnish the considerations
for the purchase and payment for their lands,
now held west of that stream.
CESSION OF LANDS BY CHICKASAWS TO THE UNITED
STATUS.
The third article of the treaty of Hopewell,
of January 3, 1786, with Chickasaws, by the
limitation of boundaries, released lands to the
United States. Other lands were ceded to the
United States by the first section of the treaty
in the Chickasaw country, of July 23, 1805 :
by second article of treaty at the Chickasaw
Council-House, September 20, 1816; by the
second article of the treaty of Old Town,
October 12, 1818. By second article of treaty
of Pontotoc Creek, October 20, 1832, were
ceded all the lands which the Chickasaws owned
on the east side of the Mississippi river, in-
cluding all the cpuntry where they "thenlived
and occupied and article four of this treaty
directs the Chickasaws '"to seek a home west
of the Mississippi river." By treaty of the
city of Washington, made May 24, 1834,their
individual reservations were ceded. Tbis ar-
ticle provides the mode of selling and pay-
ing for lands of Chickasaws east of the river.
This final cession of their lands east of the
Mississippi river was made with a view of
moving west of the Mississippi river in accord-
ance with the law of May 30, 1830, and is
the consideration for the lands they now own
where they reside. By the second article
of the Chickasaw treaty of June 22, 1852, made
at Washington, that "tribe ceded their grave
yard to the town of Pontotoc as a public burial
ground forever.
The Choctaws and Chickasaws, holding their i
lands west of the Mississippi river subject to
the joint action of both nations, leased by joint
treaty to the United States all that part of
their lands lying west of the ninety-eighth par-
allel of west longitude.
Thus the United States confirmed the title
in these Indian nations by leasing part of them
of their grantee, and are estopped from now
granting the title of the Choctaws and Chicka-
saws which they sold and patented to them,
and a part of which they afterward leased of
them for a fixed rental, and which leased part,
by the third article of the treaty of April_28,
1866, these nations receded to the United
States in the following words and conditions:
" The United States, fully recognizing the title in
the Choctaws and Cherokees, by virtue of the pur-
chase under treaty made under law ol Congress ot
May 28. 1830, and granted to them under law, and
patented to them under treaty.
And the third article of the treatv of
Washington, of April 28,1866, provides that—
"The Choctaws and Chickasaws in consideration
of the sum of $300,000, hereby cede to the United
States the territory, west of the ninety-eighth de-
gree west longitude, known as the leased district.
This cession of lands is absolute, but the
payment therefor depends on certain condi-
tions touching the freedmen formerly held by
that nation, and makes a better provision for
the freedmen of the Choctaws and Chickasaws
than we made for the released slaves in the
States, showing that sometimes justice is
better administered by Indians than by white
people—a fact that it may be worth while
to now consider, before we wrong them bv
untimely legislation.
CESSION OF LANDS BY THE CRF.EKS TO THE UNITED
STATES.
By the limitation of boundaries, by article
four of the treaty of New York, the Creeks
released lands to the United States ; and by
article one of treaty near Fort Wilkinson, ot
June 6,-1802; by article one of convention
with Creeks at Washington, November Id,
1805; bv articles one and two ot treaty of
Flint River, January 22, 1818, (two tracts of
land were ceded;) by article tour of treaty ol
Indian Springs, January 8, 1821; by aitiole
one of treaty of Indian bpnngs, tebruary 12,
18*25; by article two of treaty at the city of
Washington, January 24, 18*20 ; and by article
one of the treaty of city of Washington, March
24, 1832 ; by this treaty the " Creek tribe of
Indians ceded the United States all their
lands east of the Mississippi river."
This last cession was for the purpose of
carrying into effect the provisions of the law of
Congress of May 28, 1830, which was consum-
mated by the purchase by the Creeks of their
present home, and their removal to it, west
of the Mississippi river.
By the third article of the treaty of Wash-
ington, on the 14th June, 1866, the Creeks
ceded to the United States one half of their
lands in the Indian territory, in these words :
"In compliance, with the desire of the United
States to locate other Indians and freedmen thereon,
the Creeks hereby cede and convey to the United
States, to be sold to and used as homes for such
other civilized Indians as the United States may
choose to settle thereon, the west haifoftheir entire
domain, to be divided by a line running north and
south," &c.
Thus I have shown an unbroken line of
treaties between these people and the United
States and its people from the year 1785 to
this time; and in no instance has the Govern-
ment byforceand violence wrested their lauds,
moneys, privileges, rights, or protection from
them, and will not now, if avaiice does not
override the sense of duty which m"u owe to
their country, to its honor, and to justice.
LANDS SOLD BY THE UNITED STATES TO INDIAN
TRIBES.
I now state that, the United States uni-
formly purchased from Indian tribes, through
treaties, lands w"hich the several tribes occu-
pied in different parts of the country, and
which the tribes have as uniformly surren-
dered to the Government under these treaty
sales, and for which the Government has as
uniformly paid them, or promised them, re-
spectively in money or property, and much of
which is yet owning to them. And I further
call attention to the fact that the United States
has, by laws and treaties, set apart reserva-
tions of their lands which the tribes originally
occupied, as also other lands on which, by law
or treaty, they have been located with prom-
ises to the Indians that they should retain and
hold them as an encouragement to improve-
ment and civilization among them ; and that
the United States has patented in whole and
in severalty such grants to them forever. But
I particularly desire in this connection to call
attention to the further and important fact
that the United States has under law proposed
to convey for a valuable consideration, and by
the law authorized the cession of and a patent
to Indian tribes of lands west of the _ Missis-
sippi, to which the Indian possessory title had
first been extinguished and in which the Uni-
ted States had a perfect title, and that the
United States by treaty with several tribes
made under and with direct reference to the
laws of Congress concluded the offer, exam-
ined the land, determined the boundaries, con-
tracted for its purchase, paid the prise, closed
the treaties directing it, which were confirmed
by the proper authorities of both contracting
parlies, received a patent for the lands that
was executed and delivered by the United
States, took possession, and now hold the
lands under the law of May 28, 1830, treaties
made under that law, and by the patent thus
executed. These lands, to which the u nited
States had a perfect fee-simple title m posses-
sion, were conve37ed by patent under treaty and
law to the Cherokees, Choctaws, Chickasaws,
and Creeks, and which they severally hold,
and on which they reside west of the Missis-
sippi river, and out of which certain railroad
companies desire to oust them to secure to the
companies the lands.
PURCHASE OF LANDS BY CHEROKEES.
By treaty made at the Cherokee agency, July
8, 1817, the first steps by treaty were taken to
remove that portion of the Cherokees east of
the Mississippi who then were not disposed to
labor and to adopt the modes and manners of
the white people to a country west of the Mis-
sissippi river. The petition of the Cherokees
who had then adopted civilized habits had,
with the request of the uncivilized ones, been
sent to the President (Jefferson) of the United
States for the purpose of the removal of the
uncivilized ones; and, in the language of the
preamble to the treaty of 1817,. the President,
" after maturely considering the petitions of
both parties," (that is, the civilized and un-
civilized Cherokees,) on the 9th of January,
1809, iucluding other subjects, answered the
petitioners as follows:
" The United States, my children, are the friends
of both parties, and, as far as can be reasonably-
asked, they are willing to satisfy tho wishes of both.
Those who remain may be assuredof our patronage,
our aid, and our good neighborhood. Those who
wish to remove are permitted to send an exploring
party to reconnoiter the country on the waters of
the Arkansas and White rivers, and the higher up
the better, as they wilt be the longer unappro.iched
b3? our settlements, which will begin at tile mouths
of these rivers."
The President goee on to say :
"When this party shall have found a tract of
country suiting the emigrant? and not claimed by
other Indians, we witl arrange with thein and you
for the exchauge of th at for a just portion of the
country they leave, and to a part of which, propor-
tioned to their numbers, they have a right. Every
aid toward their removal, and what will bo neces-
sary for them there, will then bo freely administered
to them, and when established iu their now settle-
ments we shall still consider them as our children,
give them the benefit of exchanging their peltries
for what they will want of our factories, and always
hold them firmly by the hand."
These propositions were made by the Presi-
dent to the Cherokees; and, relying on these
promises, the Cherokees did explore the coun-
try west of the Mississippi river, and made
choice of the country on the Arkansas and
White rivers, and " settled themselves down
upon United States lands, to which no other
tribe of Indians had any just claim." The
Clieiokees, by the first and second articles of
this treaty of 1817, ceded two tracts of land
east of the Mississippi to the United States in
payment of the lands west of that river. And
the fifth article of the same treaty of 1817
provides that—
" Tho United States bind themselves, in exchange
for the lands ceded in the first and second sections
hereof, to give to that part of the Cherokee nation
on the Arkansas as much laud on said river and
White river as they have or hereafter may receive
from the Cherokee nation east of the Mississippi,
aero for acre, as the just proportion of that part ot<
the nation on the Arkansas, agreeably to ther nuci-
bers.''
This provision is followed in the same article
wilh a description of the lands ceded by it to
the Cherokees, and by a reaffirmation of' the
former treaties with the United States, and
making them applicable to the Cherokees who
moved to their new home ; also to those who
remained at their old homes east of the Missis-
sippi-. . .
This treaty further provides, m articles six
and seven, to reward Cherokee warriors who
are poor, and to pay for improvements on lands
east of the Mississippi river, to induce them to
go to their new home on the Arkansas and
White rivers, where they now reside.
After this new settlement was formed by
the Cherokees on Arkansas and White rivers,
it was ascertained by the United States these
settlements would fall within the proposed
limits of the State of Arkansas; and as the
Cherokees had especially removed from their
eastern homes because troubled by the en-
croachments of State authority in the States
of South Carolina and Georgia, they again sub-
mitted to a readjustment of their boundaries,
so as to place their grant west of the west line
; of the Territory or State of Arkansas, as
| defined by the first article of the treaty made
' at the citv of Washington, liay 6, 182o, the
second article of which treaty provides that—
" The United States agree to possess the Cherokees,
and to guaranty it to them forever; and that guar-
antee is hereby solemnly pledged of seven million
acres of land, to be bounded as ioilowa, namely,
commencing at that point on Arkansas i lvcr waore
the eastern Choctaw boundary line strikes said
river, and running thence with the western hue of
Arkansas, as defined in the foregoing article, to ttiQ
