1524
Tm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
desired all over the United States, giving the
population of each S'ate by counties, towns,
and cities, and it is a book very much sought
for. I suppose, after it is set up, the expense
of printing additional copies is not very great,
Mr. ANTHONY. It is stereotyped.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is already stereo-
typed ; the figures are all printed; and it
seems to me, instead of printing twelve thou-
sand copies of that work, we ought to print
fifty thousand. I have liad a great many
letters already for this census report. My
recollection of the action of Congress in 1860
is that we printed several hundred thousand
of that report. I think we printed more than
one hundred thousand.
Mr. ANTHONY. This is not the prelim-
inary report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not the prelimin-
ary report, but it contains the full statistics of
population of the United States from 1790 up
to and including 1870, and it is a book that
many persons desire to have. I do not know
what the cost of printing it after the type is
set up is. I suppose it is not large.
Mr. ANTHONY. About half a dollar
apiece.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator says about
half a dollar. It seems to me we had better
print a larger number. This resolution would
give to the Senate some three thousand copies.
That would be, I suppose, thirty or forty copies
to a Senator. With a view of ascertaining what
the sense of the Senate is, I move to strike out
"twelve thousand" and insert "fifty thou-
sand."
Mr. ANTHONY. I quite agree with what
the Senator from Illinois has said; but I think
it would be better to concur in this resolution
now, because until the resolution has passed
both Houses no copies of the work can be
distributed; and after this is passed another
resolution can be passed printing a larger
number, and as the work is stereotyped it will
add but little to the expense. I think it will
facilitate the distribution to pass this resolu-
tion at once.
Mr. TRUMBULL. With that suggestion I
am willing to concur, if the Senator will report
a resolution to print a larger number.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, my colleague on the other side will re-
member, agreed to report in favor of double
the number mentioned in this resolution—
twenty-five thousand—and the resolution now
before you contains that amendment written
upon it; but it was ascertained that it would
cause considerable delay in the House, and
the Superintendent of the Census is over-
whelmed with applications for this woik, as
Senators are, and we thought it was best to
concur in this resolution, which will have
twelve thousand immediately printed, and then
it the House will concur with us we will print
a larger number ; if not, we will print as many
as we can under the rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am. willing to acqui-
esce in that suggestion, and I will withdraw
my amendment to increase the number to fifty
thousand, with the understanding, or if it be
necessary I will offer a resolution to print
twenty-five thousand additional copies.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous
consent that resolution can be regarded as
offered bow, and referred to the Committee
on Printing for further action. It will be so
regarded; and the question now is on con-
curring in this resolution from the House of
Eepresentatives.
The resolution was concurred in.
GREAT SOUTHERN RAILWAY COMPANY.
Mr. OSBORN. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
754) granting the right of way throughthe pub-
lic lauds for the construction of a railroad arid
telegraph in Florida, have had the same under
consideration, and directed me to report it back
with au amendment, aud recoaimeud its pas-
This bill simply grants the right of way
to a railroad company through the public lands.
It is very brief, and I ask the unanimous cou-
seut of tho Senate to have it considered at the
present time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent. If there be no objection the
bill will be considered as before the Senate,
subject to a demand for the regular order.
The Secretary read the bill.
It proposes to grant the right of way through
the public lands to the Great Southern Rail-
way Company (a corporation created under
the laws of the State of Florida,) its successors
and assigns, for the construction of a railroad
and telegraph from the St. Mary's river, in the
State of Florida, to Key West, together with
a branch road from the most eligible point on
the road to Tamoa bay and Caloosa Entrance,
in that State. The bill grants the right, power,
and authority to the corporation to take, from
the public lands adjacent to the line of the
road, materials for the construction thereof,
which way is granted to the railroad to the
extent of two hundred feet in width on each side
where it may pass through the public domain,
including grounds for station-buildings, work-
shops, depots, machine-shops, switches, side-
tracks, turn-tables, and water-stations, to an
amount not exceeding forty acres for each sta-
tion ; but within one year from the passage of
the act the company is to file with the Secre-
tary of the Interior its acceptance of the terms
of the act, and a map of the route, exhibiting
the line of the road and its branch, as it has
been located. It is to be the duty of the com-
pany to permit any other railroad, which has
been or shall be authorized by the United
States, or by the State of Florida, to form
running connections with its road on fair and
equitable terms.
The company is also authorized and em-
powered to mortgage in the usual manner its
franchise, road-bed, and all property belonging
thereto, to an amount not to exceed $30,000
per average mile for the road and branch ;
and such mortgage and all bonds issued under
the mortgage are to be registered in the De-
partment of the Interior, under such regula-
tions and restrictions as the Secretary shall
prescribe. The road is to be a post route and
a military road ; and Congress at any time,
having due regard for the rights of the com-
pany, may fix rates of tariff for transportation
of troops, materials of war, and mails, and may
add to, alter, or amend this act.
The Committee on Public Lands reported
the bill with an amendment, to add to section
one the following :
In case of disagreement, such terms shall be fixed
by the Secretary of the Interior.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent 
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Do I un-
stand that this bill is recommended by any
committee ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is reported
by the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Has it
passed the House?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a Senate
bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I should
like to have an opportunity to look at it before
it is acted npon.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I believe I
had the floor, and I will not yield to the Sen-
ator from West Virginia until I make the
motion I design to make.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Vermont was entitled to the floor and desires
to make a motion, after which the Chair will
entertain the objection of the Senator from
West Virginia.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is so un-
usual for a railroad company to come here
without asking a grant of land, that I do not
object to this bill except the first paragraph
of the second section, which seems to author-
ize a quasi indorsement of the bonds of the
company ; that is, it makes the Department
of the Interior take charge of the bonds and
register them. Whether that practice has
ever obtained or not, it is certainly, in my
judgment, a very vicious one. I therefore
move to strike from section two all of the first
clause from line one down to line eight, end-
ing with the word " prescribe."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from West Virginia desires the bill to go over
for examination. It will be placed on the
Calendar.
ALBERT WIELAND.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senate will
indulge me in calling up Senate bill No. 514,
for the relief of Albert Wieland, which it will
not take five minutes to pass.
There being no objection, the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to direct the Postmaster (xeneral, in set-
tling the account of Albert Wieland, contractor
for carrying the mail on route No. 13692, from
Duluth to Pigeon river, to allow double the con-
tract price for the winter months, namely, from
November 15 to May 15, for the term of his
contract.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will send up two letters
received from the Post Office Department since
the bill was considered and reported, which
will show the urgency of the bill.
The Secretary read as follows:
Chief Post Office Inspector's Office,
Ottawa, January 29, 1872.
Sir: I am informud that tho contractor for the
United States mail between Duluth and Pigeon
rive.' refuses to carry the Canadian closed mails
passing between "Windsor and Port William, on the
ground that ho is not paid for this service.
Will you be so good as to take such steps as may
be necessary to provide tor the transport of these
mails, the delay of which has already occasioned
the greatest inconvenience.
I beg to add that a transit rate is paid to your
Department on all matter passing in the above
closed mails.
Your obedient servant, _ J. DEWE,
Chief Post OMce Inspector.
Post Office Department,
Washington, D. 0., February 1,1872.
Sir : Some days since report was received at the
Department that A. Wieland, contractor for car-
rying the mails between Duluth, Minnesota and
Pigeon river, refused longer to transport the Cana-
dian closed mail, for the reason that he did not con-
sider it a part of the mail which he had contracted
to carry.
He was immediately informed that the Depart-
ment held it to be a portion of his mail, and that he
would be fined for every omission to carry it.
I now inclose copy of a letter from the post cffice
inspector at Ottawa, stating that this mail has been
thrown down by Wieland, causing "the greatest
inconvenience."
This information is given to you, and copy of the
Canadian letter furnished, that the legislation now
before Congress for the relief of this contractor may
be expedited, and the relief granted as soon as prac-
ticable, if Congress shall deem it expedient to act
favorably in the matter.
The case was fully explained in my letter to you
of the 8th ultimo, and is an exceptional one, nothing
of the kind existing in the entire mail service of the
country.
But to guard against the possibility of the use of
this instance as a precedent, by other contractors in
urging an increase of compensation, I beg to sug-
gest that my letter mentioned of the 8th ultimo be
printed with the report of the committee, and thus
placed on permanent record; and that the bill, or
act of relief, be so framed as to express tho object
for which the augmented pay is granted, and with a
proviso that it cease in the event that the closed
foreign mail ceases to be conveyed over the route.
Very respectfully, &e.,
JSO. A. J. CRESWELL,
Postmaster General.
Hon. A. 11 a Ms [■, y. Chairman of Connnittee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, United States Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is a full report in
this case ; but I can explain it briefly. Tho
contract for carrying the mails from Duluth to
Pigeon river, a distance of one hundred and
sixty miles, on the north shore of Lake Supe-
rior, was let to Albert Wieland in October,
1869. The mail was then a comparatively
small one, and the service a monthly one, for
but $1,000 a year, going and returning each
month of the year. For six months of the
year there is deep snow on the line, sometimes
