628
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: I am instructed
by the Committee 011 Appropriations to move
to amend that paragraph by striking out
"$5,000," and inserting in lieu thereof
"$6;000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
To pay judgments of the Court of Claims, $400,000.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend that para-
graph by adding to it (he following proviso :
Provided, That no part of this sum shall be paid
upon any judgment rendered in favor of Weorgo
Chorpenning, growing out of any services rendered
for carrying the mails.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There is no
objection to that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The following paragraph was read :
For contingent expenses of the Department of
Justice, namely: fuel, labor, stationery, and miscel-
laneous items, $15,000; for rent of building, $10,000;
for furniture and law-books, $6,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In line thirteen
hundred and seventeen, iu that paragraph, I
movetostrikeouf'ten," and insert "fifteen
so that the clause will read, " for rent of
building, $15,000." The Committee find that
that is the actual rent.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in as an additional
paragraph at the end of the first section :
United States and British Claims Commission:
For compensation and expenses of the United
States and British Claims Commission, $43,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RITCHIE. I move to amend this bill
by insciting before section two what I send
to the Clink's desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Skc. 2, That the President of tho United States shall
be, and ho is horeby. authorized to nominate, and,
by and with the advico and consent of the Senate,
appoint a board of commissioners, to bo designatou
as commissioners ot'claims, to consist of three com-
missioner, who shall be commissioned for two years,
and whose duty il, shall be to receive, examine, ami
consider the justice and validity of such claims as
accrued in thoso Stales that were not proclaimed
as in insurrection to tlio United States as shall be
brought beforetbem by citr/,cns who resided therein,
for stores orsupolios taken or furnished, or for prop-
erty used, damaged, or destroyed for the use of tho
Army of tho United States during tlio late war for
too preservation of tho Union, including the use,
loss, damage, or destruction of vessels or boats while
employed in or taken for the benefit of tho military
seiviee of the United States. And the said commis-
sioners in considering said claims shall bo satisfied,
from the testimony ol witnesaos under oath, or from
ol h or sufficient evidence which shall accompany eaoh
claim, taken under such rules and regulations as tho
commissioners may adopt, of the quantity, quality,
and value of tile property alleged to ha,ve been taken,
furnished, used, damaged, ordestroyed, and the timo,
place. and material circumstances of tho taking, fur-
nishing, using, damaging, or destroying ot the same.
And upon satisfactory evidence ol tho justice and
validity of any claim, the comniissionersshall report
their opinion in writing in each case, and shall cer-
tify the nature, amount, and value ot the properly
taken, furnished, used, damaged, or destroyed, as
aforesaid. And each claim which shall bo consid-
ered, and rejeoted as unjust and invalid, shall like-
wise be reported, with the reasons therefor; and no
claimant shall withdraw anymaterial evidenoesub-
mitted in support of any claim.
Skc. 3. That said commissioners shall each take
oath of office provided by law 
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, (interrupting
the reading.) I raise the point of order that
this is new legislation, and therefore out of
order on an appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
well taken.
Mr. RITCHIE. I ask a few moments to
explain my amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no objec-
tion to the gentleman making an explanation.
Mr. RITCHIE. At the last Congress there
was introduced into the Army appropriation
bill a provision similar to this, but applicable
to claimants residing in States that were pro-
claimed to be in insurrection against the Uni-
ted States. This amendment of mine is framed
in accordance willi that provision, except that
it is made applicable to claimants in States that
did not attempt to secede. If Congress is will-
ing to adjust and pay the claims of Union citi-
zens residing in States that seceded, much
more should Congress be willing to pay the
claims of those residing in the States that did
not withdraw from the Union. At the present
time there is no adequate legislation upon the
subject.
The border States were peculiarly subjected
to the disasters and ravages of the war. In the
marching to and fro of armies across Maryland
into Pennsylvania, in Kentucky, and in the
other border States, there were losses sustained
and damages inflicted which do not come
strictly within the description of supplies. The
present legislation upon the subject is an act
of 1864, which provides that supplies taken for
the use of the Army shall be paid for under
regulations to be prescribed by the quarter-
master's department. Unfortunately, the con-
struction placed upon that act, and properly
placed upon it, prevents the payment of any
claim except for supplies that were officially
taken.
Now, in the passage of an army in a rapid
march, for instance, in the campaigns partic-
ularly of 1862,1863, and 1864, the army would
rest a night, ora day, or aweek on some farm,
and while there, although supplies might not
be taken officially or formally, there would be
immense destruction and waste of propeity,
not in the character of mere depredation, but
whole fences would be destroyed for fuel, for-
age would be taken, horses and stock of every
description would be taken, and there would
be no time to go through the formalities of a
distinct purchase, and in many cases there was
left no evidence that any property was taken.
That was the case not only in regard to those
supplies to which this amendment is applica-
ble, not only in regard to articles taken ex-
pressly by the proper officials, but in regard to
property taken merely for the benefit of the
Army, for the comfort of soldiers, &c., and
yet there was not time to go through the reg-
ular formality of purchase and giving certifi-
cales. I know an instance of two ladies who
have in this way been reduced to beggary. It
so happened that their farm in Montgomery
county, Maryland, was right in the track of
the army, and corps after corps settled upon
it, water there being convenient and fuel at
hand. An army of fifty thousand men stopping
upon the farm foi twenty-four hours, the result
was that all ihe forage was taken or destroyed,
all ihe fences were burned up, and other dam-
ages inflicted, so that the ladies are now re-
duced to beggary, because there is no law under
which they can receive compensation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The point having been
made that this amendment, being independent
legislation, is outof ordcron an appropriation
bill, the Chair sustains the point of order.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 2. That no claim of any kind whatever against
tho United Statesshall be considered by the account-
ing officers of tho Treasury, nor paid by or on behalf
of the Government, unless the same shall be filed
within seven years from the time such claim accrues,
which said seven years shall begin as to contracts
under seal from date, when the contract by its terms
is or should bo completed, and as to all other claims
from the date atwhich the service wasrendered, the
work done, or the supplies or materials furnished:
Provided, That thissecdon shall not be held toapply
to the interest or principal of the public debt, nor to
claims directed to be examined and settled by special
act of Congress : And provided further. That itshall
take effect from and after the 1st of January. 1873,
and its provisions shall apply to all claims and
vouchers presented after that date.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Idesiretomove
that the Clerk be directed to correct all foot-
ings of paragraphs where the figures are not
now correct in consequence of amendments
which have been adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection
that order will be made.
There was no objection.
Mr. POLAND. I move to amend by adding
to the last section of the bill the following:
And it further provided. That no action or suit
brought to recover any sum of money paid to satisfy
any tax imposed under the laws or authority of the
United States, before the passage of this act, shall
be maintained unless brought within one year after
this act goes into effect, nor shall any claim for the
refunding of such tax be entertained by any Depart-
ment unless presented within the same time. Nor
shall any action or suit be maintained for the re-
covery of any such sum hereafter paid, unless
brought within one year after such payment shall
be made; nor shall any claim therefore be enter-
tained by any Department unless presented within
the same time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no objec-
tion to that.
Mr. BU'J'LER, of Massachusetts. I object
to it, and raise the point of order that it is
new legislation.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rose for the purpose
of moving to strike out section two.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion will come
up afterward.
Mr. RANDALL. The amendment of the
gentleman from Vermont is clearly new legis-
lation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the point of order is well taken.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to say a word upon
the question of order.
Mr. RANDALL. I have no objection to
withdrawing the point, in order to allow the
gentleman from Vermont to be heard.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hear the
gentleman.
Mr. POLAND. The rules have been sus-
pended so as to make the last section of the
bill as reported in order 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I raise
another question of order. Isa point of order
debatable?
The CHAIRMAN. A point of order is
debatable. The Chair will hear the gentleman.
Mr. POLAND. The last section which the
Committee on Appropiutions have inserted
in this bill isa statute oflimitations in relation
to claims against the Government. The rules
have been suspended to make that provision
in Older so that it maybe considered by the
committee and the House. My amendment,
which proposes an alteration or addition to
this section, is germane to the proposition of
the committee, which has been made iu order
by suspension of the rules.
The CHAIRMAN. 'The Chair holds that
no amendment is in order which proposes to
incorporate in the bill further new legislation.
Mr. SARGENT. I take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair, and I think it wi ll
that the point should be stated. The decision
of the Chair, as I understand, is that matter
which is properly in the bill cannot be amend-
ed by the addition of other matter which is
entirely germane.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that
the bill cannot be amended so as to embrace
further new legislation.
Mr. SARGENT. Can it not be perfected
by the introduction of new matter ?
The CHAIRMAN. This section may be
perfected; but it is not amendable so as to
embrace further new legislation.
Mr. SARGENT. From that decision I
appeal.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would like to
know what the point is.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment will
be again read for the information of the com-
mittee.
The Clerk again read the amendment offered
by Mr. Poland.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask for the reading of
the section to which the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Poland] offers his amendment.
Section two of the bill was again read.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that the
propositions embraced in the amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Polasji] are distinct and separate from any
embraced iu section two of the bill. This
section was admitted into the bill under a sus-
pension of the rules. The amendment of the
gentleman from Vermont, proposes further new
