576
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 30,
Ho. of Reps.
Ku Klux Outrages—Mr. Maynard.
42d Coiro ,.2dSess.
inaugurated by the citizens; there ia a growing tend-
ency in favor of liberality; there is no doubt about
that-*'
James Atkins, the present collector of the
port of Savannah, introduced by the minority,
testifies upon this subject as follows:
" My father was a slave-owner before the war, and
owned a large tract of land after the war. As soon
as the war closed, or in 1865 or 1866, he built a school-
house, and employed a colored man to teach. His
neighbors, as respectable men as I know, burned
the school-house, so that he had to abandon the pro-
ject of having colored schools. The proof was very
conclusive, to my mind, as to who burned it. They
were men whom I had beentaughtfrom my infancy
to have as high respectforas any men I knew; some
of tbem were old men. I advised my father to make
no difficulty about it, though I was satisfied it was
done by our neighbors, whom I had always esteemed
and respected.
"Question. When was that?
44 Answer. It was in 1865 or 1865; I know it was not
later than 1866, because my father died in the latter
part of that year. My impression is that it was in
tho fall of1865, or the winter ot'1865-66. I have known
a great many cases of that sort; wherever men were
disposed to encourage negroes to educate them-
selves, or anything of that sort, why, it was not
thought to be quite prudent. < In fact, I have carried
on the farm myself to a considerable dis idvantage.
I apprehended that it was not a good thing to es-
tablish nogro schools there under present circum-
stances, and my first plan was to put the negroes
upon the farm, and to advise with them, and to run
the farm in that way."
Caroline Smith, a colored woman, who had
been twice whipped, in March and October of
last year, thus testifies on the subject of schools:
"Question. You say they made a general scatter-
ing of the darkies in March?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
44 Question, What reason did they give for that?
"Answer. They said wo should not have any
schools; and that white people should not counte-
nance us, and they intended to whip the last one;
that is what they said.
44 Question. Why did they not want you to have
schools?
44 Schools! They would not let us have
schools. They went to a colored man there, whoso
son had beeu teaching school, and they took every
book they had and threw them into the fire; and
they said they would just dare any other nigger to
have a book in his house. We allowed last fall that
we would have a school-house in every district;
and the colored men started 1 hem. But tho Ku Klux
said thoy would whip every man who sent a scholar
there. There is a school-house there, but no scholars.
The colored peoplo daro not dress up themselves
and fix up, like they thought anything of them-
selves, for fear they would whip us. I have been
humble and obodiont to them, a heap more so than
I was to my rflastor, who raised me; and that is the
way thoy servo us."
You can well imagine that even the most
incredulous of our committee did not listen to
this testimony unmoved. It is creditable to
in their manhood and to their sensibilities that
some instances they were moved even to tears.
Whippings: This word conveys to the mind
but a faint impression of the cruel scourgings in-
flicted upon thousands in different parts of the
South, old and young, white and black, men
and womeu, by this base and cowardly crew.
A dreary sameness characterizes the long array
of cases. A body of men armed and m dis-
guise, in the late night; the victim lone, un-
protected, and defenseless ; the house opened
to some lying request, or broken by violence
while the inmates are asleep. But I will not
trust myself to follow the sickening narration.
This must be done by the sufferers them-
selves.
One of them, C. C. Hughes, a young white
man, a native Georgian, a Republican, or in
rebel parlance a Radical, testifies to their
treatment of him, page 539:
" I think there were about twelve of them. They
came into my house last May, the 7th day of May;
early in the morning of the 7th,- before day. They
took rae from my house and abused me.
'''Question. How did they come into your house?
"Answer. They brokeinto the house; two or three
f-arne to the door and pushed the door open and
oame into the house. They took mo from the bouso
and carried me off about fifty yards, and made me
ije down fiat on the ground, and whipped inc. I
have here the hickories to show what they abused
me with. While they were engaged in abusing mo,
my wife ran to me and got over mo like, but they
jerked her away, and one of them said, 4 Give her a
little if she don't get out of the way/ They hit her
upon the hands, and then afterward held her away
until they got through beating me.
"Question. Did they strip you?
"Answer. I had only my night clothes on.
" Question. How many blows do ypu suppose they
struck you ?
"Answer. I have no idea how many; I cannot
tell you how many.
" Question. You could tell whether it was ten or
a hundred?
" Answer. I expect it was a hundred, if not more.
They made me lie flat on the earth, and there were
two whipping me crossways like, and one length-
ways. I was hurt the worst upon the shoulders. I
have here the hickories that they used, if you wish
to see them.
44 Question. Let us see them.
"Answer. [The witness took from a carpet-bag
some hickory sticks.] This breaking of the sticks
was done by me, so that I might get them into
this satchel. All three of these were used at the
same time. , „ X1 ,
" Question, I notice the ends of these sticks are
broken; did you find them broken in that way?
"Answer. Yes, sir: all frazzled like that, just as
they are here. , ,
" Question. The fresh breads were made by you ?
"Answer. Yes, sir. [The sticks were from eight to
ten feet long, and at the larger end about as thick as
a man's thumb.]
44 Question. Wore they disguised?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. In what way ?
" Answer. They had something over their bodies
similar to gowns. 1 have a cap here with mo that
was found there. This is it, [showing a covering for
the head, made of calico.] There was a stick placed
in the hind part of this cap in order to make itstand
up straight. And there are holes here, as you can
see, for the eyes, mouth, and nose, marked with some
red stuff.
4* Question. Where did you find that ?
"Answer, On the spot where they abused me."
Another victim, A. B. Martin, upward of
seventy years old, a native of South Caroliua,
but for many years resident in Georgia, a me-
chanic, holding the office of justice of the
peace and notary public, testifies to the treat-
ment he received on the uight of the 7th of
May 1871, (page 549:)
141 will tell you plainly how the circumstance took
place. I lay in one room and my sister-in-law in
another. I had just got to sleeping soundly, so
I had to be shaken two or three times to wake me
up. The first I knew she was shaking me, and said:
'Mr. Martin, get up; there arc a hundred men com-
ing hero. I think.' I jumped right up with my
drawers on, and ran out and opened the iront door.
I peeped out and it looked to me like a heap of
wouu*n. My mind struck me that it was another
runaway set wanting to get married. The Alabama
line is right close by, and they run over on our side
to bo married. Such things had happened before,
and I thought it was all right. I opened the door
wide open, and said, 4 Come in.' I set the chairs as
well as I could feel them, and said that I would put
on my clothes and bo out in a minute. I put on my
pants over my drawers. As I went in I told my sis-
ter-in-law to light the candle. She smelled a rat a
little worse than I did. I got through, and when I
went out they presented their guns at me. They
took me and my step-son out and whipped us a
plenty. They whipped me so that I had to tote my
drawers and pants in my hands to the house, and
they whipped my step-son pretty considerably. I
do not know what sort of people they are, whether
Ku Klux or not, but I am sensible that some of
them are pretty close neighbors to me. Thoy are
mighty rigid Democrats, and I was as much the
other way. Gentlemen, I will toll you just as it is.
I am a Union man, certain.
44 Question. Did they strip you when they whipped
you?
" Answer. No, sir; I had my under-shirt and over-
shirt on, and my drawers and pants on. My sus-
penders were held with horn buttons, and they
whipped me until thoy cut the buttons all to
pieces, and I had to carry ray clothes in my hands.
44 Question. How many blows do you suppose they
struck you?
44Answer. I cannot tell you. They struck meun til
I had no feeling; if they had whipped on until yet
it would not have made m.uch odds.
44 Question. Your sense of feeling was entirely
gone?
14 Answer. I had no feeling.
44 Question. How far was that from the house ?
"Answer. About two hundred yards.
4' Question. Did they whip you standing up ?
" Answer. They made me lie down ou my belly.
4* Question. Did they hold you down in any way ?
44Answer. No, sir; I tell you my principles are
pretty strong, and I just thought I could bear any-
thing.
" Question. What did they whip you with?
"Answer. I cannot tell you. It was something
that tiew off in the time of it. There came another
man walking along, and spoke to him, and they
went off, and, I think, fixed it again; and then he
came back and fixed it another spell. They got up
and put a lopo arouod my neck, and tried to draw
me up to a post-oak sapling. And then they whipped
me about the legs. If you have ever been bit by a
horse-fly you know that they bite pretty sharp; that,
is about all I could fool. My neck is swelled yet,
and it was black for two months.
"Question. You say they whipped your step-son 7
"AwtW* Yep, sir; at the.same time.
" Question. Is he here?
"Arisfoer. He was fetched here on this same case ;
we both went before the grand jury.
44 Question. I understand you to say that in your
opinion those were Democrats who were whipping
you, becauseyou were a Radical and a Union man.
"Answer. Yes, air; and I was an officer. I had
"been a notary public forsome time, and I think they
begrudged me the office. I will tell you what makes
uie knojr it was my politics. After they crossed the
fence and got into the big road, (I omitted telling
that to you before,) the first word any of them said
to me was, 'What is your politics?' X told them I
was a Union man from my cradle, and did not know
anything else but to be a Union man. Another man
said to me, 4 Can you pray?' I had begurv to see
into the thing pretty plainly, and to know( that
something was going to take place. I said 'Ian1
not a praying man; but if I was the prayers of the
wicked avail nothing/ One took me with a guu
across my head, and sortof staggeredme. I am con-
fident it was on account of my politics ; I know it.
As if it were not enough thus to maltreat
this venerable, white-haired man, they pro-
ceeded to scourge his step-son, a youth of
eighteen. It must be borne in mind that these
were all persons of good character, exct-pt
always the fatal blemish of " Radicalism."
The testimony of the young man, William
Willingham, will be found at page 553, and
thus describes his treatment by the same
party:
14 They came on in the house, and after awhile, in
a few minutes, they took me out. They took the
old man off from the house, and made me follow
him. The way I saw them was this: they hunted
about over the house for a man that we had hired
there. They said they were hunting him, all about
over the house, in the loft, and so on. That was all
that they did there at the house, except that they
cursed me a little.
44 Question. What did they do away from tho
house?
14 Answer. They whipped us.
44 Question. Did you see them whip your step-
father?
4* Answer. Yes, sir.
41 Question. Where were you ?
►44 Answer. I was standing right there.
44 Question. How many blows did they give him?
44 Answer. I cannot tell h>>w many.
" Question. How many woul.d you suppose ?
44 Answer. George Carter, a negro there, said he
counted, and that they hit him seventy-five licks.
I do not know more than what he said. I should
think they gave him between fifty and a hundred
licks.
44 Question. They whipped you -ilso ?
44 Ansxoer. Yes, sir.
44 Question. How many blows did they give you ?
44 Answer. They gave me about thirty.
44 Question. Did they whip you over your clothes,
or did thoy strip you ?
44 Answer. They pulled up my shirt.
^ Question. They gave their blows on your bare
back?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. With what?
" Answer. With a hickory.
" Question. Were you standing ?
44 Answer. I was standing up.
44 Question. How was it with the old man, as you
call him?
"Ansxoer. They made him lie down first, and they
hit him, I reckon, fifteen or twenty licks with a stick
while he was lying down, aq/i then they took him
and tied him, and drew him up to a tree and whip-
ped him there; I could not tell bow many licks.'
44 Question. They; whipped you standing up?
"Ansxper. Yes, sir; they tied me aud drew me up
to a tree and whipped me standing up.
44 Question. Did they draw you up to the same tree
that they tied the old man to ?
44 Answer. Yes, sir.
44 Question. Did you know any of the men who
whipped you?
44 Answer. Yes, sir.
41 Question. Who were they?
"Answer. Jim Casey, David Lowry, Jack Thomas,
and Jim Garner.
" Question. How many of them whipped you?
"Answer. There were three that hit me.
41 Question. With the same hickory, or with a differ-
ent one from that thoy used on the old man ?
44Answer. They wore out that hickory, and had to
get a new one.
44 Question. How many hickories did they use on
you ?
"Answer. They hit me with four at a time.
44 Question. How many blows?
"Answer. Three men struck me ten blows apiece.
" Question. What was the size of the hickory ?
"Answer. It was more tnan a common hickory to
whip a man with; it was nearly an ox hickory. They
whipped the old man with a larger hickory.
