1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3317
defects in the present law on this subject. But
upon the case we now have before us it strikes
me that it differs from the other cases which
hare heretofore arisen, from the fact that this
is an exercise of the power vested in it to
judge of the elections, returns, and qualifica-
tions of our own members. If we have that
power vested in us by the Constitution, we
have the right to take the necessary means to
give us the information upon which we are to
act, just as we have a right to acquire inform-
ation for legislative purposes; and in doing
that we may authorize either the chairman
or any member of this committee to adminis-
ter oaths for the purpose of procuring that
information.
But still the queston would come back as
has been already suggested, if a witness were
to swear falsely before that committee upon
an oath administered in that form, would he be
guilty of perjury? Clearly not, I think, be-
cause it does not fall within any of the defini-
tions of perjury upon our statute-book, and
certainly would not be perjury at common
law. Perhaps we might punish a witness for
contempt before a committee of the body
organized for this purpose ; bat that we may
authorize the committee through its chairman
or by any of its members to administer au
oath, I have no doubt, though they might not
have the right to follow a witness and pros-
ecute him for perjury if he were to swear
falsely.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I rise to make
a single remark in reply to a suggestion that I
understood the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thur-
man] to make. I understood him to say that
although there might not be a statute author-
izing the conviction of a mm for perjury for
false swearing before a committee without a
provision of law authorizing it, yet that the
Senate might proceed against such a man and
Eunish him for false swearing. I do not know
ut that such is the law. I rise to say, how-
ever, that if it had not been asserted by the
Senator from Ohio, I should not have sup-
posed it to be the law, and I do not want
the remark to pass unquestioned. I should
myself doubt very much whether the Senate
has authority to try the question of false swear-
ing; and if it has the right to try and find a
witness guilty of false swearing for testimony
before a committee of the body, how is he to
be punished, and what is the duration of the
punishment?
Mr. THURMAN. I am very glad the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin calls my attention to what
I said on that subject. I did not say positively
that such was the law ; I only threw out the
idea that it might be. 1 am in as much doubt
about that as he is. It may be that I am quite
wrong even in the supposition. The idea just
passed through my head that possibly it might
be a contempt. I am not at all clear that that
impression is right.
Mr. CARPENTER. Allow me to interrupt
my friend. If a witness refusing to appear and
testify is in contempt, it must -certainly be a
greater contempt to appear and swear falsely ;
and the objection that there is no limitation by
law to our punishment is just as fatal to our
right to punish for contempt as that.
Mr. THURMAN. 1 know that.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me to say that I think
not. As I understand the law of contempt,
the Senate is restricted in its power in the
duration of punishment by the duration of the
disobedience, but it is a power vested in the
body to enforce the performance of a duty.
AVlien the witness answers, then he obeys the
command of the Senate, and then the power
to punish is at an end.
Mr. TnURMAN. It does not matter, so
far as the resolution now before the Senate is
concerned, whether a witness who swears
falsely can be punished for a perjury by indict-
ment or whether he cannot, although I grant
it would be an evil example to clothe a com-
mittee with power to take testimony when the
witnesses would swear without any sanction to
their oaths in the way of punishment in case
they swore falsely. There is no question that
in all the testimony taken before the Com-
mittee on Privileges and Elections anybody
who swears falsely will be subject to punish-
ment by indictment. That is completely cov-
ered by the statute. The only question, there-
fore, is whether the statute is broad enough to
cover testimony taken before a sub-committee
of that committee. That is the only question
so far as punishment is concerned. It is
taken for granted that there is no punishment
in such a case ; but that is not clear to my
mind at all, and strict constructionist as I am
in regard to all penal statutes, I submit to
those who think there is no liability to indict-
ment in such a case that the statute will bear
the construction which makes the person
liable to indictment.
Mr. HAMLIN. Will the Senator let me
ask him right there, if the oath must not be
administered by the person named in the law,
whether it can be administered by anybody
@lS61
Mr. THURMAN. I do not think that is
quite clear. However, I do not want to take
up the time of the Senate with that, because I
do not think it is material to this investigation.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allow
me to read the general statute in this connec-
tion?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CARPENTER. The general statute
defining perjury is as follows:
" If any person, in any case, matter, hearing, or
other proceeding, when an oath or affirmation shall
be required to be taken or administered under or by
any law or laws of the United States, shall, upon
the taking of such oath or affirmation, knowingly
and willingly swear or affirm falsely, every person
so offending shall be deemed guilty of perjury."
Now, then, I think under the Constitution
we have the right to proceed to investigate
the election of one of our members, and we
are proceeding under that law, and I am in-
clined to think that false swearing in such a
case would come within the general provisions
against perjury.
Mr. MORTON. I think, in view of the con-
trariety of opinion here, which we are not
likely to settle, it will be safe to pass the reso-
lution in its present form, and I therefore ask
for a vote upon it before the morning hour
expires.
The resolution was adopted.
GOAT ISLAND.
Mr. COLE. I wish to call up for action
the resolution introduced by me yesterday
asking information from the War Department.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
Senate resolutions, the Senator from California
moves that the Senate proceed to the consider-
ation of the resolution offered by himself yes-
terday, calling for information in regard to
Groat Island.
The motion was agreed to; and the resolu-
tion was adopted, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to furnish to the Senate as soon as practicable any
information now in his possession relating to the ex-
pediency of reserving the island of YerbaBnena or
Goat Island for military purposes exclusively; and
also relating to the effects, if any, upon the harbor ot
8an ffrancisco, of approaching said island from the
main-land with railroad structures.
PACIFIC RAILROADS.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask leave now to take
up the resolution I offered some days since in
regard to the accounts between the United
States and certain railroad companies.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is directed to transmit to the Senate a state-
ment of the following particulars in regard to cer-
tain railroad companies respectively, namely, the
Central Pacific and Western Paeifie railroads the
Union Pacific railroad, the Kansas Pacific, the Cen-
tral Branch Union Pacific, Sioux City and Pacific:
1. The whole amount of bonds of the United States
issued to each company, and for what number of
miles, and of the interest paid thereon by the United
States,
2. The credits allowed to each company on inter-
est account, and for what services rendered, together
with the arrears of interest unpaid, and the percent-
age of credits allowed to each company on the whole
amount of interest due by the company.
3. The total sum due to the United States on
account of principal and interest of bonds.
4. The total amount of principal and interest
accruing on such bonds at maturity, at the rate of
payments thus far made on account of interest.
5. The amount and nature of bonds or other obli-
gations issued by each company, or of obligations
created by operation of law, and constituting a
mortgage or lien on its road or other property prior
to the claim or lien of the United States during the
two periods, one ending with the completion of the
road, and the other ending with the date of the
report made in pursuance of this resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired; but if there is no objection
the Chair will take the vote of the Senate on
this resolution.
Mr. CASSERLY. I perceive by a recent
report that some of this information is exclu-
sively with the Secretary of the Interior, and
I ask to have the resolution modified, so as to
get that, information also. I propose to modify
it by adding:
fi. That the Secretary of tho Interior be, and he
is hereby, directed to comply with this resolution
so far as relates to information, if any, exclusively
in his possession; and that a copy of this resolution
be transmitted to him.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be so modified.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have no
objection to the resolution 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont will be entitled to the floor upon it
when it comes up again. The morning hour
has expired, and the bill amending the en-
forcement act is now before the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am sorry that the Sen-
ator from Vermont objects.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not ob-
ject, but I merely desire to say a word in
relation to it. My only objection is that it
imposes a large amount of labor upon the
Department, and I do not see particularly what
the information is that the Senator requires
that we have not already got in our posses-
sion.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator is mis-
taken. Whatever is printed comes down not
later than 18G6 or 1867, except under one of
the heads of my resolution. Most of it is six
or seven years old.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the Chair will put the question on
the resolution. If it gives rise to further
debate, the bill amending the enforcement act
is before the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not think there
will be any further debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the resolution as modified.
The resolution was adopted.
OKDEIt OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SCOTT. I reported a few mornings
ago a bill of a class which have generally becu
acted upon when reported, authorizing the
issue of bonds in lieu of those burned and
destroyed. I ask the consent of the Senator
from Indiana to take up that bill now. It will
require but a moment to pass it. It is Senate
bill No. 1074, for the relief of A. Gordon
Muilin.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
unfinished business, and without displacing it,
the Senator from Pennsylvania asks unani-
mous consent to consider the bill indicated by
him.
Mr. MORTON. If it leads to no debate and
this is the only one, I will not object.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I was going to ask unan-
imous consent, as soon as that was disposed
of, to take up a little bill relating to a judicial
district in Mississippi, which I reported some
time since, and also some pension bills.
Mr. STEWART. I believe I have got the
oldest request for unanimous consent.
