1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
1525
as deep as six or eight feet, and the mail is
taken i'roiii one point, to the other, there being
but two stations on the w,;y, upon the back of
the carrier, he going upon snow-&hoes. Of
course this low bid was in contemplation of
the mail carried at that time with a reasonable
increase upon it. He entered upon the contract
in the summer of 1870; but shortly after, the
mining interests on the northern shore of Lake
Superior at Silver Island and the Canadian
demonstrations toward Manitoba from Thun-
der bay were so great that the British closed
mail alone grew to the extent of about one
hundred pounds each time, so that it was ab-
solutely a ruin to the contractor. Tn view of
this the Post Office Department looked favor-
ably on this application, and have given it a
favorable recommendation. I trust there will
be no objection to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the proposi-
tion ?
Mr. RAMSEY. Simply to increase the
compensation during the winter months to
twice what the contract price is. He gets
$1,000 a year.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there only $1,000
involved in the bill?
Mr. RAMSEY. For this service it increases
the pay about one half, $500, giving him $1,500
in lieu of the $1,000 he received before, and
the reason is the great growth of the mail.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The whole amount in
the bill then is only $500?
Mr. RAMSEY. Scarcely that.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
brig a. l. palmer.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask unanimous con-
sent to take up House bill No. 330, to issue an
American register to the brig A. L. Palmer,
which was reported some time ago and went
over under my objection. I have looked at
the papers, and I am satisfied it is a just case,
and as an act of justice to the Senator who
reported it—he is not here this morning—I
ask to have it taken up and passed.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
CIIAUN'CEi' M. LOCKWOOD.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask leave to take up
Senate bill No. 241, for the relief of Chauncey
M. Lockwood. It is a bill concerning his com-
pensation as a mail carrier, who has been a
long time kept out of his money. It is justly
due. It will be remembered that in 1868 
Mr. NYE. I wish to introduce a bill.
Mr. CORBETT. I will give way when this
bill is taken up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us go through the
morning business regularly.
Mr. CORBETT subsequently said: As
there is quite a long report in Lockwood's
case, I will not ask the Senate to take it up
this morning, but I will ask that they take it
up on Monday morning. I give notice that I
shall then call up Senate bill No. 241.
reports of committees.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee ou Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. G07) to establish the pay of the en-
listed men of the Army, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1209) granting a pension to George J. St.
Louis, reported it without amendment, and sub-
mitted a report thereon; which was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred ihe bill (S. No. 474) granting a
pension to George J. St. Louis, moved its
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to.
committee on' indian affairs.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs be increased by the addi-
tion of one other Senator. I state as a reason
for this that the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Dayis,] who is a member of that committee,
is absent on account of illness, and I learn from
his friends that he is not expected to return to
this city for some time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Iowa asks unanimous consent that the
Committee on Indian Affairs be increased,
during the absence of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, by the addition of one member. Is
there objection? The Chair hears none. How
shall the member be appointed?
Several Senators. By the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Chair will appoint the Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Stevenson.]
bills introduced.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 771)
for incorporating the United States Metallur-
gical Company; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Mines and
Mining, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 772) for the relief of the children of
Abram Fisher; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
773) to provide for the refunding of taxes paid
by State officers upon their salaries ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GOLDTHWA1TE asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 774) to declare the true intent and
meaning of section two of an act to establish
a uniform system of bankruptcy throughout the
United States, approved March 2, 1867 ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 775) for the relief of the
trustees of the German Evangelical church at
Martinsburg, West Virginia; which was read
twice by its title, and, with the accompanying
papers, referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 776) to provide for a fire-
proof building for post office, United States
court and its offices, pension and internal
revenue offices in the city of Grand Rapids,
Michigan; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee ou Public Buildings
and Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CALDWELL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 777) to abolish the tribal relations of the
Miami Indians, and for other .purposes ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
778) to provide for the payment of women
nurses during the war; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
indian territory.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, submitted the
following resolution; which was considered
by unanimous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to communicate to the Senate any inform-
afcion in his possession in regard to the occupation
of the Indian territory by unauthorized persons in
violation of treaty stipulations, the number of such
persons, and the circumstances of such occupation.
rlvjbtt j£k03tao-js at i\kw orleans.
Mr. KELLOGG submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consentj and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to
transmit to the Senate any information on file in his
Department, or that he may be able to obtain,show-
ing what portion, if any, of the wharf or river front-
age at the city of New Orleans is now claimed or
occupied by the Government; and if so, on what
ground and for what purpose the same is so claimed
or occupied.
maps of surveys.
Mr RAMSEY submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
directed to inquire into the expediency of directing
the publication of tr>e maps of the survey of the
upper Mississippi and the Minnesota rivers, made
under the direction of the War Department*
board otf public works.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution, to lie on the table :
Resolved hy the Senate of the United States, That the
President be requested to suspend the board of
public works for the District ot Columbia until such
lime as the committee of the House of Representa-
tives now investigating the official conduct of the
gentlemen comprising said board of public works
shall have made its report and Congress takes defi-
nite action thereon.
senatorial recommendations for office.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, some
week or two ago the Senator from New York
[Mr. Conkling] offered a resolution in this
body asking about appointments to office. It
lies over here from day to day. I was in
hopes to have seen him in his seat this morn-
ing. There seems to be no disposition to act
upon it. I desire when that resolution comes
up to offer an amendment to it, and I will
send my amendment to the table and ask to
have it printed, so that I can offer it when the
resolution is called up. If it is necessary I
will call up the resolution, not to act on it
now, because 1 would not ask action while
the Senator is away. If I can be allowed
iuformally to propose this proposition as an
amendment to be offered when it does come
up, I ask to have it laid on the table and
printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The Senator gives
notice of his intention to offer an amendment.
The Chair hears no objection to ordering the
printing of it, and it will be ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN, Mr. CARPENTER, and
others called for the reading of the amend*
ment.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I simply wish
to say that I understood the original resolution
has not been called up because of a promise
made to the Senator from Indiana [Mr, Mor-
ton] not to call it up in his absence.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was not aware of
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposed
amendment will be reported.
The Secretary read the proposed amend-
ment, as follows:
Also, that he furnish the Senate with a copy of the
record or list kept in the respective Departments
showing the appointments or removals therein which
have been credited or charged to each of the Sen-
ators aforesaid and to what Senator, together with
the names of the persons recommended to appoint-
ment or for removal from office by each of said Sen-
ators, stating particularly in each case whether it
was a request for an appointment or removal, the
indorsement of recommendations made by others,
giving the names of such others, or of the character
of the parties recommending without any reference
to the applicant, or a reference of tho papers of
others to him or the head of a Department without
any expression of opinion by the Senator in regard
thereto, and whether appointments or retnovals
have in any instance been made at the suggestion or
request of any third party who acted as a go-between
between either of said Senators and the appointing
power, or represented or in any manner caused it to
be understood that such appointments or removals
would bo agreeable to or were desired by any sen-
ator, and if so, giving the name of the Senator and
of the persons who so represented or caused it to be
understood ; and particularly whether any such ap-
pointments or removals have been made at the sug-
gestion of Roswell Hart, an assistant superintendent
ot mail service in the State of New York, or of A. II.
Laflin.now naval o&eer of the port ot New To? k. or
of A. li. Cornell, surveyor of the port of Now York.
The VICJS PRESIDENT. This is not now
