1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2421
United States, or to those limits; thence due south I
to lied river, and down Red river to the west bound- !
ary of the Territory (now State) of Arkansas; thence '
north along that line to the beginning.'1
The boundary of the land to be agreeable to
the treaty made and concluded at Washing-
ton city in the year 1825. The grant to be
executed so soon as the present treaty of Sep-
tember 27, 1880, is ratified.
This treaty specially reaffirms the grant by
the treaty of October 18,1820, as corrected by
that of January 20,1825, and further provides
in article three that—
," In consideration of the provisions contained in
trie several articles of this treaty the Choctaw na-
tion of Indiaus consent and hereby cede to the
united States the entire country they own and pos-
sess east of the Mississippi river, and they agree to
move beyond the Mississippi river as early as prac-
ticable/' <fcc.
Thus the consideration for the land west of
the Mississippi river, and now owned by the
Choctaws, is proclaimed in the treaty confer-
ring the title and making the grant.
The treaty was made under the law of May
28, 1830, and a patent issued to the Choctaws
for these lands west of the Mississippi under
that treaty and law.
GUARANTEE OF TITLE BY THE UNITED STATES.
Touching the lands now held by the Chero-
kees, Choctaws, Chickasaws, Seminoles, and
other tribes, it is provided by the first section
of the law of Congress of May 28, 1830, passed
with direct refereuce to the removal of tubes
residing east to a home west of the Mississippi
river, that the original possessory title shall
have been extinguished, so that the title to be
granted under this act shall be to the Indians
a perfect title—
" That it shall be lawful for the President of the
"United States to cause so much of any territory
belonging to the United States, west of the Missis-
sippi river, not included m any State or organized
Territory, and to which the Indian title has been
extinguished, as he may judge necessary to be divid-
ed into a suitable number of districts for the recep-
tion of such tribes or nations of Indians as may
choose to exchange the lands where they now reside
and remove there, and to cause each of said districts
to be so described by natural or artificial marks as to
be easily distinguished from every other."
By the third section of the same law it is
provided:
u Tbat in the making of any such exchange or
exchanges, it shall and may be lawful for the
President solemnly to assure the tribe or nation
with which the exchange is made that the United
States will forever secure and guarantee to them
and their heirs and successors the country so ex-
changed with them; and. if they prefer it, the
United States will cause a patent or grant to be
made and executed to them lor the same: Provided
ahcayv, That such lands shall revert to the United
States it the Indians become extinct or abandon
the same."
The sixth section of the same law provides:
" That it shall and may be lawful for the Pres-
ident to cause such tribe or nation to be protected
at their new residence against all interruption or
disturbance from any other tribe or nation of In-
dians. or from any other person or persons what-
ever."
CHEROKEE GUARANTEE.
Article one, of the treaty of Fort Gibson, of
February 14, 1833, was supplemental to that
of 1828, aud provides that u the United States
agree to possess the Cherokees and to guar-
anty it to them forever, and that guarantee
is hereby solemnly pledged, of seven million
acres of land, " and a perpetual outlet west, &e.
The second article ot the treaty of New
Eehota, with the Cherokees, of December 25,
1835, repeats the boundary and the cession of
the seven million acres of land, and the per-
petual outlet west, &c., and also cedes eight
hundred thousand acres, known as the Osage
neutral lands, lying west of, and adjacent to,
the State of Missouri.
The third article of this same treaty declares
that—
"The United States also agree that the lands
above ceded by the treaty of February U, 1333,
including the outlet, and those ceded by this treaty.
Mi,ill alt be included in one patent, executed to the
Cherokee nation of Indians by the President ot the
United States, according to the provisions of the act
of May 2^, 1K30."
Again, the first article of the treaty of 1846
declares:
" That the lands now occupied by the Cherokee
nation shall be secured to the whole Cherokee peo-
ple for their common -use and benefit, and a patent
shall be issued for the same, including the eight
hundred thousand acres purchased, together with
the outlet west, promised by the United States, with
conformity to the provisions relating'thereto con-
tained in the third article of the treaty of 1835, and
m the third section ot the act of Congress approved
May 28,1830, which authorizes the President of the
United States, in making exchanges of land with
the' Indian tribes, to assure the tribe or nation wit*h
which the exchange is made that the United States
will forever secure and guaranty to them and their
heirs and successors the country so exchanged with
them ; and, if they prefer it, the United States will
cause a patent or grant to be made and executed to
them for the same: Provided always, That such
lands shall revert to the United States if the Indians
become extinct or abandon the same."
None of which contingencies has yet hap-
pened. Thus expressly placing the grant
under the provisions of that law of Congress,
and giving to it all the sanction of law, thus
vesting a title by statute law and treaty as
strongly as any title to a citizen of the Gov-
ernment who holds under law or treaty and
patent. This title is by patent, under treaty,
and both made under law of Congress, and the
law passed expressly for the, purpose of these
grants, under a recommendation of the Pres-
ident in his messages. This title to the Cher-
okees has been repeatedly ratified and con-
firmed to them by the United States ; by the
recession in the treaty of 1866 of the eight
hundred thousand acres, and the strip adjacent
to Kansas; by the conditional recession by the
same treaty of that portion of their lands west
of ninety-six degrees west longitude; by the
provisions of the acts of July 35, 26, and 27,
1866, for railroads, as shown elsewhere in
these remarks ; by putting other tribes on
the receded lands above referred to; by estab-
lishing post offices and post roads, agencies,
military posts, and various other ways, includ-
ing the confirmatory act of March 3, 1871,
touching all treaties with Indian tribes.
CREEK GUARANTEE.
The fourteenth article of the treaty of Wash-
ington, made with the Cretks, March 24, 1832,
provides, that " the Creek country west of the
Mississippi river shall be solemnly guarantied
to the Creek Indians." Aud further expressly
provides, that the United States shall, on the
determination of the boundaries, " cause a
patent or grant to be executed to the Creek
tribe, agreeable to the third section of the act
of Congress of May 28, 1830, entitled ' An act
to provide for an exchange of lands with the
Indians residing in any of the States or Terri-
tories, and for their removal west of the Mis-
sissippi river.'
And the third article of the treaty with the
Creeks, of February 1-1, 1833, made at Fort
Gibson, provides that—
"The United States will grant a patent in fee sim-
ple to the Creek nation of Indians for the bind
assigned said nation by this treaty or convention,
whenever the same shall have been ratified by the
President and Senate of the United States, and the
right thus guarantied by the United States shall be
continued to said tribe of Indians so long as they
shall exist as a nation and continue to occupy the
country hereby assigned them."
The fourth article of this treaty expressly
includes all the Muscogee Indians, which
includes the Seminoles, since settled on the
Creek lands west of the Mississippi ; and by
treaty of Washington, August 7, 1856, part of
the Creek country was ceded lo thein, and by
consent of the Creeks in treaty of 1866 was
receded to the United States by Seminoles, by
treaty of Washington, March 21,1866, for the
purpose of locating other Indian tribes and
freedmen upon, and is now held for that pur-
pose.
Article three of the treaty of August 7, 1856,
with the Creeks and Seminoles, provides that—
"The United States do hereby solemnly guarantee
to the Seminole Indians the tract of country ceded
to them by the first article of this convention, and to
the Creek Indians the lands included within the
boundaries defined in the second article hereoi; aDd
likewise, that the same shall respectively be secured
to and held by said Indians, by the same title and
tenure by which they were guarantied and secured
to the Creek nation by the fourteenth article of the
treaty of March 24, 1832, the third article of the
treaty of February 11,1833, and by the letters-pa,tent
issued to the said Creek nation on the 11th day <5f
.'Vuzuf-t, 1852, and recorded in volume four of records
of Indian deeds in the office of Indian Affairs, pages
446 and 447."
The United States further acknowledged the
perfection of the Creek title by the treaty of
August 7, 1856, by which it procures the use
of a portion of it for the Seminoles; and again,
by the seventh article of the Creek treaty of 3 uly
14,1866, the consent of the Creeks is procured
for the cession by the Seminoles to the
United States, by their treaty of March 21,
1866, of these same lands.
CHOCTAW AND CHICKASAW GUARANTEES.
The second article of the treaty of Dancing
Rabbit Cieek of September 27,1830, provides
that "the United States shall cause to be con-
veyed in fee to the Choctaw nation a tract of
country west of the Mississippi river in fee-
simple, to them and their descendants, to
inure to them while they exist as a nation and
live on it."
The first article of the joint treaty of Wash-
ington of June 22, 1855, with the Choctaws and
Chickasaws, after defining the corrected bound-
aries of their lands, guarantees the title in
these words:
"And pursuant to an act of Congress, approved
May 28,1850, the United States do hereby forever
secure and guarantee the lands embraced within
the said limits to the members of the Choctaw and
Chickasaw tribes, their heirs and survivors, to be
held in common, so that each and every member of
either tribe shall have an equal, undivided interest
in the whole: Provided, however, That no part
thereof shall ever be sold without the consent of
both tribes; and that said land shall revert to the
United States if said Indians and their heirs become
extinct or abandon the same."
This grant to the Choctaws and Chickasaws
remains perfect and entire as to the character
of the title, and as to the amount of lands
ceded, excepting that by the ninth article of
this same treaty of June 22, 1855, these tribes
cede to the United States all that part of their
country west of one hundred degrees of west
longitude. And further, said tribes u lease to
the United States all that portion of their
country west of ninety-eight degrees of west
longitude, for the permanent settlement of
the Wichitaw and such other tribes or bands
of Indians as the Government may desire to
locate thereon." And by the third article of
the treaty of April 28, 1866, the Choctaw and
Chickasaw nations by treaty recede to the
United States the leased lands above-named
for the sum of $300,000, for the benefit of the
freedmen, former slaves, to the members of
these nations. By these several acts of ces-
sion, patent, lease, and recession the United
States has affirmed the title granted under
law and treaties to them.
INDIAN LANDS NOT TO BE INCLUDED IN A TERRITORY
OR STATE.
Cherokees.
The preamble of the treaty with the Chero-
kees of May 6, 1828. made at the city of Wash-
ington, declaring the object of the treaty says:
" Whereas it being the anxious desire of the Gov-
ernment of the United States to secure to the Cher-
okee nation of Indians, as well those now living
within the limits of the Territory of Arkansas as
those ot their friends and brothers who reside in
States east of the Mississippi, and who may wish to
join their brothers of the West, a permanent home,
and which shall, under the most solemn guaranty
of the United States, be and remain theirs forever ;
a home that shall never, in all future time, be em-
barrassed by having extended around it the lines or
placed over it the jurisdiction of a Territory or
State, nor be pressed upon by the extension in any
way of the limits of any existingTerritory or State."
The embarrassment to the United States and
the Indian tribes residing east of the Missis-
sippi river, and within the limits and jurisdic-
tion of a State, and subject to the laws thereof,
and conflicting with the United States and the
Indians holding under treaties and agreements
with the United States, made it important for
