1526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
offered, but will be printed to be offered here-
after, when it can be under the rules.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President  
statues ob' trumbull and sherman.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The legislative,
executive, and judicial appropriation bill is
before the Senate, and the Senator from Wis-
consin [Mr. Hove] is entitled to the floor.
The Chair feels authorized to state that the
delegation from Connecticut gave notice some
days since that at one o'clock to day they de-
sired to present formally to the United States
statues of distinguished citizens of that State
to be placed in the old Hall of the House of
Representatives. They will, of course, indi-
cate whether they now are desirous to pro-
ceed, and if so, whether the appropriation bill
shall be passed over.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. We prefer to pro-
ceed now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the appropriation bill will be inform-
ally passed over. Does the Senator from Wis-
consin yield for that purpose?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
The VICEPRESIDENT. The appropriation
bill is informally passed over.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President, by
an act of Congress approved July 2, 1864, t.lie
State of Connecticut was invited to furnish
statues of marble or bronze of two of her
deceased citizens "who have been illustrious
for their historic renown, or for distinguished
civil or military services, to be placed in the
old Hall of Representatives."
The State appreciated most highly the grand
idea of grouping the statues of distinguished
scholars, patriots, and statemen in the national
Capitol, but when she would select but two
of her sons who had made their names as
immortal as her history, she was confronted
by many whose eminent services commanded
attention and embarrassed her choice. Among
them stood Oliver Ellsworth, a memberofthis
body, a Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of
the United States, who became eminent as a
statesman and jurist, and to whom, in connec-
tion with Mr. Sherman and Mr. Patterson,
we are, in the opinion expressed by Mr. Cal-
houn, indebted for our national Constitution.
The name of Noah Webster, another son of
Connecticut, has also become eminent by the
publication of a work which is the standard for
definition wherever the English language is
spoken, and which has justly given him the
distinguished reputation of being the American
philologist.
The State has also had her logicians and theo
logians, among whom was Jonathan Edwards,
the greatest and most able of the country, of
whom Thomas Chalmers said, " On the arena
of metaphysics he stood highest of all his con-
temporaries;" and Robert Hail declared that
" he ranked with the highest luminaries in any
country of any age." His renown is nearly as
extended as Christianity.
There were also the Wolcotts, the Gris-
wolds, the Huntingtons, and many others
whose services are a part of the history of the
nation.
But as the prophet who was sent to anoint,
one of the sons of Jesse to be king over Israel
suffered them all to pass by until David ap-
peared, so the General Assembly of Conneo
ticut suffered all her distinguished sons to pass
by, until the names of Roger Sherman and
Jonathan Trumbull were presented, when it
said, these are they; chisel them in imper-
ishable marble. That work has been ex-
ecuted, and wc now present their statues to
the nation. I will ask my colleague to speak
of Sherman, while I refer as briefly as possible
to the services and character of Trumbull.
He was born in Lebanon, Connecticut, in
1710, graduated at Harvard College, and was
educated for the ministry, but the early death
ef'a brother turned his attention to mercantile
pursuits, which he prosecuted with energy,
integrity, and punctuality, and which he ex-
tended to the large cities in this country—to
the West Indies, Great Britain, and Germany.
But he was early called to the performance
of public duties, and his life is interwoven with
that part of our history which embraces two
wars between Great Britain and France, the
oppression of the colonies by Great Britain,
the American Revolution, and the independ-
ence of the States. He took a deep interest in
each event, and an active and influential part
as an officer of the colony and State.
In the wars with France he was the warm
friend and vigorous supporter of the mother
country, exerted great influence in raising
troops for the several campaigns against the
armies of France, and was repeatedly ap-
pointed commissioner to act with commis-
sioners from other colonies upon questions
which related to pending controversies.
At the age of twenty-three he represented
his native town in the colonial Assembly, and
was three times elected to the speakership of
that body. He held the offices of colonel of
militia, judge of the county court, deputy gov-
ernor, and chief justice of the superior court
of Connecticut. He was a member of the
Governor's council at the time the stamp act
was passed by the British Parliament. By
the provisions of that act the Governor of
each colony was required to take an oath to
cause all and every clause of the act to be
observed according to the true intent, and
meaning thereof, which oath was to be admin-
istered by any three members of the council.
This requirement was imperative, and the Gov-
ernor of the colony assembled his council and
urged the duty of obeying the commands of
his Majesty the king.
The Governor of every colony except Rhode
Island had taken the required oath. Richard
Henry Lee had solicited the office of stamp
distributor, and thus proclaimed his readiness
to obey the requirements of the act. Franklin
was unable to see any way out of the darkness
which surrounded the people and the oppres-
sive taxation which they felt, except by the
light of economy "and industry, and even the
eloquent and impassioned Otis declared it "to
be the duty of all t.o silently acquiesce in the
decisions of the supreme Legislature of Great
Britain." Who, then, can wonder that the Gov-
ernor was ready to act in accordance with the
judgment of such distinguished citizens? When
assembled with his council he expressed s
willingness to be sworn, but Trumbull, witl
fearless earnestness, exclaimed:
" It is a violation of your provinoial oath. By the
dreadful name of God you have sworn to labor foi
the good of this colony, and you are now preparing
to labor for its ruin."
But the Governor was unchanged, and as,
with uplifted hand, he was about to take the
oath to execute that oppressive act, Trumbull
seized his hat, and in tones which indicated
the spirit which wasburnir.g within, avowed that
he would never witness a ceremony so degrad-
ing to liberty and the colony. As he left the
council chamber -every eye turned toward his
retreating form, and every heart thrilled with
hope, while a majority of the councilors de-
nounced the impending ceremony and fol-
lowed him. He early foresaw that continued
oppression would separate the colonies from
the mother country, and in 1767 wrote to Wil-
liam Samuel Johnson, the agent tor Connec-
ticut, then in London, " that, if methods tend-
ing to violence were taken to maintain the
dependence of the colonies, it would hasten a
separation."
In 1769 he was elected Governor of the col-
ony, which office he held fifteen years by annual
elections. He wasthe only colonial Governor
who held the office during the Revolution, and
who took the side of the people.
"Among the faithless, faithful only he."
He was the praying Governor, but was no
Pharisee. First, he looked to the King of
kings for wisdom and direction. Second, he
prayed the British king to cease his oppres-
sion, but was indignant that Congress pro-
tracted that prayer until it became a vain
repetition ; and when it was answered by in-
creased oppression, he prayed his people to
arm and fight, so as "to convince our enemies
of their mistaken measures and vain attempt
to deprive us of that inestimable heavenly
gift, freedom andliberty." He trusted in God's
providence, but was ever on the alert lest that
providence should find the people unprepared
to resist oppression and defend their liberties.
In May, 1774, he issued a proclamation, in
which ho spoke of the dangers with which the
people were menaced, and set apart a day for
public fasting and prayer. This he followed
by an order to all the towns to double the
quantity of their powder, ball, and flint. He
denounced the acts of the British Parliament
as usurpations which placed life, liberty, and
property at hazard, and declared it to be the
duty of the colonies to maintain and transmit
their rights entire and inviolate to the latest
generation.
When blood ran in the streets of Lexing-
ton, Connecticut felt thai a blow was struck
at her liberties, and Trumbull directed four
regiments to be ready forthwith to march to
Boston or some contiguous place, and wrote
General Gage, then in command of the British
troops in that town, and. after speaking of the
alai in which had been caused in Connecticut
by the fortification of Boston and other mili-
tary preparations, he inquired:
Why is the town of Boston shut up? To what
end are all the hostile preparations that are daily
making? Why do we continually hear of fresh des-
tinations of troops for this country? Is there no
alternative but absolute submission or the deso-
lations of war? Tho people of this colony, you may
rely upon it, abhor the idea oi taking arms against
the troops of their sovereign, and dread nothing so
much as civil war, but at the same time we beg leave
to assure your Excelloncy that they are most firmly
resolved to defend their rights and privileges to the
last extremity."
He recommended and set his hand to a
resolution of the General Assembly which
instructed the delegates from the colony in
Congress to propose to that body that it
should declare the colonies free and independ-
ent States, absolved from allegiance to Ureat
Britain. He treated with contempt the prop-
osition of Lord and General Howe, the king's
commissioner, to secure peace by returning to
allegiance and securing pardon. He was the
stern, uncompromising opponent of every
measure that involved the liberties and rights
of the American people. He was denounced
by the king as the rebel Governor of Connec-
ticut, a title that was intended as a reproach,
but in reality was a high and honorable dis-
tinction.
In resistance to the arbitrary acts of the
British Parliament no one was more active,
ardent, and energetic than Trumbull. Fore-
seeing the importance of the struggle, he had
made wise and extensive preparations for de-
fense when the Declaration was adopted. He
had the resources of the State so much at com-
mand as to be ready for vigorous action. In
1776 he was required by Washington to send
troops to the defense of New Yoik against the
threatened attack of General Clinton. In his
proclamation calling for volunteers he said :
"Stand forth for our defense, play the man for
G-od and for the cities of our God. May the Lord of
hosts, the God of the armies of Israel, be your cup-
tain, your leader, your conductor, and saviour."
Theappeal was irresistible, it thrilled every
patriot's heart, and twenty-three out of twenty -
five regiments of the State were soon collected
for the defense of that city. General Wash-
ington wrote him:
"I cannot sufficiently express my thanks for your
ever strenuous exertions and prudent forecast in
ordering matters, so that your force has generally
been collected and put in motion as soon as de-
manded."
No public officer had such ability and suc-
cess in preserving the resources of a people
so as to make them available when needed hy
