578
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 30,
Ho. op Reps.
Ku Klux Outrages—Mr. Maynard.
42d Cong.,..2d Sess.
to have done it. They dragged me about there,
skinned mo up a great deal, and made me pretty
sore. The lick they gave me on the shoulder hurt
mo a groat deal.
" Question. Were you in your night-dress ?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. Where were your little children ?
" Answer. They were there.
" Question. Were they in bed with you?
" Ansiver. Some of them were with moand some
were with him. It was very warm that night; they
were scattered pretty well about; it was awfully
warm that night. He had some of the children in
bed with him, and I had some with mo. They were
all up at the time. I suppose the noise and my
screaming together woke them up."
Thfe list of these sickening recitals would
expand my speech to a volume. I dwell a
moment upon a different class of horrors.
murders.
One of the most brutal and revolting hom-
icides was the killing of John Walthall. He
was a youngcolored man of no particular note
beyond his own immediate neighborhood,
where he appears to have stood well with his
own color and to have been an industrious
laborer. The murder occurred on the 22d of
April, 1871, just two days after the passage by
Congress of the so-called Ku Klux law. The
following narrative is from the testimony of
Jasper Carter, page 472, a close neighbor of
John Walthall, who, like him, had u voted the
Union ticket:"
" Question. Do you recollect about John Walthall
boing killed?
" Answer. Yos, sir; I do.
" Question. Toll us what you know about that, and
who did it.
Answer. It was done on a Monday night, along in
corn-planting timo. I do not know exactly what
night or what clay of tho month it was,
" Question. Was it last, corn-planting time ?
"Answer. Yes, bir; they all camo to my houso first,
and kuocked tho doors down, and came in and hol-
lered to mo to kindlo up a light. I got up to kindle
up a light, but before I could get to tho firc-placo
they kuocked both doors down and came in with
pistols and guns, and drawed thein on each sido of
mo. One had one right at my head. They struck
mo abovo the oyo with a pistol; tho scar is hcie yet.
They asked mo if I was John Walthall. I said, 'No,
sir.'' They said, 'Where is he?' I said, 'Up to the
other hou&e,' which was about fifty yards off. They
said I had to go with them up tlioro. One had hold
of my arm, one had hold of my clothes, and another
had hold of my shirt. Wo went up there. John
Walthall, when ho heard them knocking tho doors
down at my house, raised up a plank, went under
tho house, aiming to get out at tho back ond of tho
house, but ho got under tho bouho and got fastened
th< re. They ran around the hou^o and knocked hi«<
doors down, went, in there, jerked his wile out of
bod. and beat, and knocked, and stamped her about
on tho floor, ami beat her over tho head with guns
and pistols. There is a grea t scar on the back of her
head half as big as tho palm of my hand. Sho was
scared; she did not know ho had got out of bed until
they caino there; she did not know whore ho was.
They had a great big light and were looking about
in the house; lh<*y jerked up a plank and happened
to got a glimpse of his shirt, or something white.
They ran out into tho warden and jerked up a plank
thero, and one of thorn had a little riilo and ran it
down close to him and shot him through iho small
part of tho buck. After thoy shot him, they pulled
him out and hit him three hundred licks, and made
her hug him; and then they beat thorn both; they
beat their heads together; they beat them with a
great big stick, and with their fists.
" Question. Bid they beat them while he was stand-
ing up or lying down ?
lie whs just sittinpr up. They shot him,
and then they drugged hiui out from under the house.
Ihey would stand on each sido ot him, and one of
them would knock himne.nly ovei, and the man on
the other side would knock him back.
"iQuestion. What did th.ey knock him with?
" Answer. With their fists and with sticks.
" Question. That was out of doors ?
"Answer, Yes, sir; right at tho hind end of the
house,
" Question. IIow had his wife got out there ?
"Answer. They made her take a light and carry it
out there; and thensomo of them held the light and
made her hug him, and then they beat them botft.
They had a great big light out there; you could see
to pick up a pin out there.
Question. Did they leave thom both there ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; they beat them both there,
knocked, and kicked, and stamped them about just
as long as they wanted to, and then went off and left
them there.
Question. Was anybody else in the house but John
Walthall and his wife?
"Answer. No. sir; they were just newly married,
and lived off by themselves.
" Question. How long had they been mariied?
"Answer. Not more than three months, 1 reckon.
"Question. Had they been married the Christmas
before ?
" Answer. They were married Christmas, and that
was corn-planting time.
" Question. What did they do with you ?
" Answer. After they beat him and shot him, and
beat her and him as much as they wanted to, they
took me, I reckon, about a quarter from the house,
and whipped me. They made so much fuss at the
house that I heard them say, as they went on, that
they were afraid to whip me at the house, and made
me go on about a quarter from the house. One
stood on my head, and the others beat me. After
they had all done beating me as much as they
wanted to, on8 of them made some of the rest go
and stand on my head, and let him beat me.
" Question. How did they stand on your head?
"Answer. Tney had me laying right plumb down
on my face.
"Question. Along on the ground?
"Answer. Yes, sir; just stretched out flat on the
ground.
'* Question. And tho man stood on your head?
"Answer. Yos, sir.
" Question. Did they whip you ovor your clothcs ?
"Answer. They just took and pulled my shirt out
from under my pants, and then pulled my pants
down and besrt me. Thero are welts on my back
now, if I mak© no mistake, as big as your finger,
and as black as a man's hat.
" Question. How many blows did they strike
you?
"Answer. They hit mo one hundred and fifty."
Walthall died the next day about sundown.
Thus perished this humble man in his humble
Cabin, with none to avenge his death or to make
inquisition of blood; and yet I shall not be
surprised if his memory shall prove more
troublesome to his murderers than that of
some more distinguished victims. This oc
curred in Haralson county.
Another sufferer was Washington Eager, a
colored man, who could write and read, and
who '' never voted right." His cruel taking
oil'is described by his brother, page G68, and
pref.ents one of the most pathetic chapters in
the annals of crime:
"Question. Are tho Ku Ivlux in Washington
county ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; there is where my brother got
killed.
" Question. Did they do anything to you?
"Answer. Yes,sir; they whipped me so bad that
I never laid down and rested fur three weeks alter
they got through with me.
" Question, When was that?
"Answer. The thiid Saturday in April.
" Question. Whore was it done ?
"Ansioer. In Washington county, at my own house.
They canto and took me and my brother out, and
tied my hands behind me. There were three brothers
of iw; the other brother was in the house. They
went up to take him, and ho came out through the
floor and tried to get away, and they shot him
down." *<•• •* ''They came there and
told uie that I was to be whipped. I thought it was
all right, and that it would bo better to be whipped
than to bo killed like my brother. In my brother's
back I counted some hundred and odd shots, bullets
and buckshot holes, llo wasshotclean through, and
he broa tlied out ot the hullet-holos that were through
huu. I£e lived from Saturday night clean to Sunday
about dinner time. They took mo down, and I do
not know how much they did give me. But I did
not do any work in three weeks afterward.
" Question. Did they whip you over your clothes?
"ylnswr. No, sir. I say. whip you over your
clothes 1 They took oft every rag of clothes I had, and
laid me down on the giound, and some stood on my
head and some on my feet. I can't, tell how many
whipped me at once, They went out and got great
big long brushes, as big as these chair posts, and
they whipped them all into frassels. There are
welts on mo now. After they quit whipping mo,
thev told me to go home and tell that God damned
rascal that if he was not piepared to die, ho had
bettor be prepared to die. They told me to put out.
I tried to run, and some threw rocks at me, and
some said. * Shoot himbut thoy did not.
" Question. Did they get. after you again ?
".Aasujfr. Yes, sir; in July.
" Question. Who wore they ?
"Answer. The same crowd.
"Question. How many?
" Answer. There wero but five of them.
"Question. Whowcrethey?
"Answer. Mr. Dudley and Alfred Harrison were in
the crowd. I followed them to their houses and saw
them undress themselves.
Question. "What did they do ?
Answer. They didn't catch me then. They came
and searched my house. They had dogs to search
around, but they did notcatch me.
Question. What kind of dogs?
What they call ' nigger hounds;' such
as they had in old slavery times ; Dudley had the
dog?.
" Qvehtion. Do they keep such dogs in your coun-
try now ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; just on purpose for that
business.
" Question. TIow many keep such dogs ?
11 Answer. Mr. Dudley is the principa l one. There
are more that have them, but I do not know whether
they run much; but they are all in colleague with
another.
*4 Question. How many of that kind of dogs are
there in that country ?
"Answer. Mr. Harrison has some five or six and
his brother has some.
" Question. They had the dogs afteryou thatnight ?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. How did it happen that they did not
eaten you ?
"Answer. We had some hogs there and they rallied
among the hogs and caught oneof them. That is tho
way I got away after the dogs were right on my track.
I have not slept in my house a night since April till
now. They came around and were aiming to kill
me. My father is blind, and my brother is dead ; ho
and I were their dependence. My mother is not
able to do anything, and I left the house full of
children.
"Question. Your children ?
"Answer. Mine and my brother's.
"Question. Where are they ?
"Answer. Iu Washington county. I have heard
from them since, and i.hey say they are suffering
mightily.
"Question. Who have they to look after them ?
%iAnsxoer. There is nobody they have to look after
them but me, for my brother is dead, and I had to
go away to save my life.
"Question. What reason did these men give for
treating you this way?
" Ansxoer. Nothing at all but what they said to
me, that we did not vote for their interest, and that
my brother was getting to be too smart; that ho
could read and write, and that.no man should keep a
school there. Mr. Dixon came to my house. Wo
made fifty bales of cotton last year.
" Question. You and your brother?
"Answer. Yes, sir; and our little family. Mr.
Dixon came there on Thursday and told us that wo
must go up and have a settlement on Monday. On
Saturday night they came in and killed my brother."
The murder of Ashburn, at Columbus, Geor-
gia, in the last of March, 1808, shortly after
the convention to reconstruct the State had
closed its labors, spread consternation and
horror all over the country. The facts were
generally known. Daring thp examination of
Mr. Caldwell, a witness called by the minority,
it came out incidentally that he was there at
the time, and wrote on the spot an account of
the murder for the New York Tribune, to the
substantial truth of which he testified. It will
be found at page 451. From his testimony it
appears that the Ku Klux operations began in
Georgia just previous to the assassination of
Ashburn, and that General Forrest appeared
in Atlanta at the same time. In the narrative
published in the Tribune occurs this signifi-
cant remark;
" Ail the assassins wore masks and were well
dressed, showing that they were of the ' better class'
of the citizens of Columbus. They are evidently
members of the new secret political order called the
4 Ku Klux Klan.'"
The murder of Ashburn was followed in the
spring of 1869 by the murder of Messrs. Ad-
kins and Ayer, one a member of the State
senate and the other of the lower house of
the Legislature, both Republicans, prominent
in their party. Equally conspicuous and
equally atrocious were the murders of Dr.
Finlayson and Mr. Dickinson, in Jackson
county, Florida. Full accounts of these sev-
eral homicides will appear in the testimony.
But it would be impossible to give the details
or even a list of the homicides in these two
States since the beginning of reconstruction.
The secretary of State of Florida testifies,
page 222, Florida testimony;
"The following is a brief abstract of the number
of murders committed in the several counties men-
tioned, from, letters in the office of secretary of Stato
of Florida, since reconstruction: Jackson county,
153; Madison county, 20; Columbia county, 16; Tav-
lorcounty, 7; Suwannee county,10; Alachuacounty,
1(5; Lafayette county, 4; Hamilton county, 9."
* * * jj: « #   4: sj; $
" By Mr. Bayard:
"Question. I observe that you state that you have
made up this list of murders in the several counties
from letters in the office of the secretary of State.
" Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question, Those are letters written by private
individuals to you?
" Atmoer. Yes, sir; letters written by private in-
dividuals, but generally by prominent men; some
