3318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
Mr. MORTON. I call for the regular order.
Mr. SCOTT. I was going to say that I
will not embarrass the Senator from Indiana
by having my request before him. This bill
was reported the other morning, and under
unusual circumstances, and objection was made
to it. It is of a class to which objection is
hardly ever made; but I will not put my
friend from Indiana in the position of being
compelled to object. I withdraw the request.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The request is
withdrawn, and the amendatory enforcement
bill is before the Senate.
message from the hocse.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives by Mr. McPhbrson, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had concurred in the
amendment of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 2616) authorizing the erection of a public
building in Rockland, Maine.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced thattheSpeaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; and they were thereupon signed by the
Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 309) to prohibit the reten-
tion of soldiers' discharges by claim agents
and attorneys ;
A bill (S. No. 446) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to establish and to protect
national cemeteries," approved February 22.
1867 ;
A bill (S. No. 354) relating to the Reform
School ot the District of Columbia ;
A bill (S. No. 60!)) to reduce the limits of
the military reservation at Fort Stanton, New
Mexico;
A bill (H. R. No. 1055) to regulate the
salary of the consul at Tien-Tsin, China ;
A bill (II. K. No. 2610) authorizing the
erection of a public building in Rockland,
Maine;
A bill (II. R. No. 2627) to enable the city
of Denver to purchase certain lands in Colo-
rado for a cemetery ; and
A bill (II. R. No. 2567) to authorize the
issue of a supply of arms to the authorities of
the Territory of Montana.
amendatory enforcement act.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
7U1) to amend an act entitled " An act to
amend an act approved May 31, 1870, entitled
"An act to enforce the rights of citizens of
the United States to vote in the several States
of the Union, and for other purposes.' "
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire to call the attention
of the chairman of the committee who reported
this bill, and of the Senate also, to the first
section which was under consideration at the
adjournment yesterday, and to what was sup-
posed to be a correction of a possible error in
the language as found in the section itself. It
occurs to me that the difficulty suggested was
not remedied by the amendment made, and
therefore I call the attention of the chairman
and of the Senate to it. l('or the most part I
may say that I am entirely satisfied with the
bill, and I only desire to correct it and make
it as perfect as possible.
Now, [ understand that so far as the provis-
ions of this bill are concerned it is the inten-
tion of the bill to confer power on the Federal
judges to appoint these supervisors in the sev-
eral election districts and precincts; that is to
say, their power is invoked and action is taken
when application is made by two citizens of
any congressional district. But am I to un-
derstand that when this application is made by
any two citizens of a congressional district
then the power obtains to appoint in all the
election districts and precincts whether appli-
cation is made from such precincts and dis-
tricts or not ? That is the inquiry I suggest to
the chairman.
Mr. MORTON. According to the con-
struction which was yesterday given to the
section, commencing in line twenty-three:
And the said court, when so opened by said judge,
shall proceed to appoint and commission, from day
to day and from time to time, and under the hand
oi the said circuit judge and under the seal of said
court for each district or voting precinct in saul con-
gressional district as shall in the manner herein
prescribed have applied therefor.
I believe there was some verbal amendment
made.
Mr. WRIGHT. That was to change "each"
to "such so as to read " for such district or
voting precinct." The criticism I submit to
the chairman is this: that the only "manner
herein described" is found in the first line of
the section of the amendment:
That whenever, in any congressional district,
there shall be two citizens thereof who shall, &c.
■And as it stands now, if you leave it as it is,
whenever application is made by any two citi-
zens of a congressional district, it shall be the
duty of the judge to appoint an election super-
visor in each election precinct or district. I
suggest to him, therefore, whether it would
not be bettor to strike out the words " in the
manner herein prescribed," because they refer
to what precedes, and there is no other " man-
ner herein prescribed," except as I have sug-
gested, where the application is made by two
citizens of a congressional district.
Mr. MORTON. I understand the effect of
the section as now amended to be this: when-
ever any two citizens of a congressional dis-
trict shall make this request in writing to the
circuit judge, the court shall be opened, and
thereupon he shall appoint two citizens of
opposite parties in each election district where
they ask it.
Mr. WRIGHT. That is exactly what I
understand it to mean ; but as it stands now
it is not necessary that it should be asked by
the citizens of the voting precincts or district
in order to appoint, but the power is given to
appoint whether it is asked or not for that par-
ticular precinct or district. There is no doubt
but that I am right on that subject. Now, I
suggest to the chairman that he strike out the
words "in the manner herein prescribed,"
and insert " by two citizens thereof."
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I suggest
to the Senator from Iowa whether this amend-
ment would not answer the purpose: "that
whenever in any election precinct or voting
district in any congressional district there
shall be two citizens thereof." &c. ?
Mr. WRIGHT. How is that?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I suggest
in the first line on the second page to incor-
porate an amendment, so as to make it read :
That whonever in any election precinct or voting
district in any congressional district thero shall be
two citizens thereof," &c.
That will make it sufficiently distinct, I
think, and accomplish the object of both the
gentlemen and myself.
Mr. WRIGHT. I do not know but that
would be sufficient. I am very sure that
something of that kind ought to be done, and
1 think the chairman of the committee will
see the necessity of it when he comes to look
at the language. I understand that there is no
such intention. It is not contemplated that
thero shall be an appointment of a supervisor
in an election district or precinct unless it is
asked for in that district or precinct. A re-
quest from two citizens of a congressional
district is necessary in order to set the ma-
chinery of the law in operation, and when you
get the machinery in operation, then the judge
appoints in such districts or precincts as ask
it, and not in those that do not ask it.
Mr. MORTON. Yes sir.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am very certain as the
bill stands, with the words " in the manner
herein prescribed," it will make it his duty to
appoint in the various precincts, when the
power is once invoked, whether it is asked by
all the precincts or not. In order to get the
question before the Seuate I move to strike
out in line twenty-eight the words "in the
manner herein prescribed" and insert "by
two citizens thereofand then it will read :
For each district or voting precinct in said con-
gressional district as shall, by two citizens thereof,
have applied therefor.
Mr. MORTON. I think that would be an
improvement. I am willing to accept the
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Iowa.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. I suggest that in that
same line the words "district or " before "vot-
ing" might as well be stricken out so as to
read "for each voting precinct in said con-
gressional district." The word " district" has
really no proper meaning there as the section
is now framed, and might lead to some mis-
construction or ambiguity. I move to strike
out the words" district or;" so as to read, "for
each voting precinct in said congressional dis-
trict."
Mr. SCOTT. I hope that will not be done,
for the reason that in some of the States, I
know it, is so in mine, the territorial divisions
in which the elections are held are in the law
called "election districts" and not "voting
precincts." It is a mere name.
Mr. MORTON. Insert "voting" before
(((Jistncts "
Mr. SCOTT. Insert "election" before "dis-
trict."
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will do.
Mr. THURMAN. I move to insert the word
" election so as to read, " for each election
district, or voting precinct."
Mr. CASSERLY. The same thing should
be done in line thirty-one.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Theamend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio is in line twenty-
seven and line thirty-one to insert before the
word " district" in each line the word " elec-
tion."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. The amendment offered
by the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Wright] and
adopted by the Senate, meets in part the ob-
jection which I suggested yesterday in a few
remarks. Therefore I shall not act upon the
matter, so far as I am concerned, further.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. On page
2, line eleven of section one, I move to strike
out the word " two " and insert " ten so as
to read:
That whenever, in any congressional district,
there shall be ten citizens thereof who, prior to any
registration of voters, &c.
I think that in a matter of that kind, which is
to call upon the power of the Federal Govern-
ment to interfere in our local election matters
(for most of the elections are held on the days
appointed for electing members of Congress)
the application ought to have the sanction
of at least ten citizens. You will have in every
district persons desiring to avoid respons-
ibility who would bring upon you all kinds
of officers to administer the laws, if you leave
it to two persons of irresponsible character
unknown to the judge. As I understand the
frame of this bill as it stands—it may he
altered when we get into the Senate—it pro-
poses that the circuit judge shall appoint these
supervisors. Where does the circuit judge
live, and what does he know about these
people? Two unworthy citizens of a district
may not only call for the exercise of this
great Federal power, but may also make a
recommendation of the very persons to act
as supervisors, and 1 think really that there
ought to be ten citizens in good standing in
the district required at all events.
Mr. MORTON. As the clause which the
Senator proposes to amend is the one that
makes it obligatory upon the court, I see no
objection to the adoption of the amendment.
If there is an emergency and a probable con-
