i422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
all parties concerned that the Indians should
remove to some home west of the Mississippi,
and locate without any State or territorial
jurisdiction. It became so important at that
date, that, in his message to Congress in 1825,
Mr. Monroe advised the acquisition of k< a
sufficient tract of country west of the State of
Missouri and the Territory of Arkansas, in
order to establish permanent settlements of
the tribes which were proposed to be removed.'1
And President Jackson, in his message of
December, 1829, said:
"As a means of effecting this end. I suggest for
your consideration the propriety of setting apart an
ample district west of the Mississippi, and without
the limits of any State or Territory now formed, to
be guarantied to the Indian tribes as long as they
shall occupy it, each tribe having a distinct control
over the portion designed for its use. There they
may be secured in governments of their own choice,
subject to no other control from the United States
than such as may be necessary to preserve peace
on the frontier and between the several tribes.''
In furtherance of this purpose, Congress on
the 28th of May, 1830, passed an act the first
section of which reads as follows:
" He it enacted, &c., That it shall and maybe law-
ful for the President of the United [States to cause
so much ot any territory belonging to the United
Stales west of the river Mississippi, not included in
any Stale or organized Territory, aud to which (lie
Indian title has been extinguished, a^ he may judge
necessary, to be divided into a suitable number of
districts for the reception of such tribes or nations
as may choose to exchange the lands where they now
reside and remove there; and to cause each of said
districts to be so described by natural or artificial
marks as to be easily distinguished from every
other."
The supplemental treaty of Fort Gibson, of
February 14, 1833, confirms, by article five,
the former treaty of May 6, 1828, and is made
under the law of May 28, 1830. But again,
the fifth article of the treaty with the Cher
okees, of December 29, 1835, at New Echota,
provides—
"That the United States hereby covenant and
agree that tho lnnd  ceded to thu^'herokeo nation in
the foregoing article shall, in no luturetime without
their consent, be included withm the territorial
limits or jurisdiction of any Slate or Teriitory. But
they shall secure to the Cherokee nation the right
by their national councils to make and carry into
effect all such laws as they may deem necessary for
the government and protection of the persons and
property within their own country belonging to
their people or such persons as have connected them-
selves with them: Provided ulw«y*< That they shall
not be inconsistent with the Constitution of the
United States and such ;icts of Congress as have
been or may be pa-^ed le&ulalmg trade and inter-
course with the Indian.-; and also tliat thoy t«h>ill
not ho considered as extending to shell citizens }ind
Army of the United States asmay travel or reside in
the Indian country by permission, according to the
laws and regulations established by the government
of the same."
Treaty of July 10, 18(>0, affirms other treaties
not inconsistent with it, and these provisions
are not in any w*iy inconsistent, and are in
full force.
Choctaws.
The fourth article of the treaty of Dancing
llabbit Creek, with the Choctaws, of Septem-
ber 27, 1830, provides that—
" The Government and people of the United States
are hereby obliged to secure to the said Choctaw
nation of red people the jurisdiction of government
of all the persona and property that may be within
their limits west, so that no Territory or State shall
ever have a right to pass laws for the government of
ihe Choctaw nation of red people and their descend-
ants; and that no part of the land granted them
shall ever bo cmbiaced in any Territoiv or State;
but the United States -diall forever secure said-Choc-
taw nation from aud fiydUkst all laws, except such
y  from time to time may be enacted in their
own national councils, not inconsistent with the
Con-tirution, treaties, and laws of the United
States," See.
Article seven of the joint treaty of "Wash-
ington, of June 22, 1855, with the Choctaw
and Chickasaw tribes, provides tiicit—
"So far as may be compatible with the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and the laws mode in pur-
suance thereof, regulating trade and intercourse
with the Indian tribes, the Choctaws and Chick as jws
Fhall be secured in the unrestricted right of self-
government, and full jurisdiction of person and
property within their respective limits."
Article forty-five of the treaty with the
Choctaws and Chickasaws, of April 28, 1866,
provides that—
"All the rights, privileges, and immunities here-
tofore possessed bv said nations or individuals
thereof, or to which they were entitled under the
treaties and legislation hereof, made and had in con-
nection with them, shall be, and are hereby declared
to be in full force, so far as they are consistent with
the provisions of this treaty."
Chickasaws.
The preamble to the treaty of Pontotoc
Creek, of October 20, 1832, with the Chick-
asaws, sets out* with these words:
"The Chickasaw nation find themselves oppressed
in then present situation by being made subject to
the laws of the States in which they reside. Being
ignorant of the language and laws of the white man,
they cannot understand or obey them. Rather than
submit to this great evil, they prefer to seek a home
in the West, where they may hvo and be governed
by their own laws. And believing that they can
procure for themselves a home in a country suited
to their wants and condition, provided tfiey had the
means to contract and pay for the same, they have
determined to sell their country and hunt a new
home."
By the second article of the treaty of Wash-
ington of May 24, 1834, with the Chickasaws,
it is provided that—
"The Chickasaws are about to abandon their
homes which they have long cherished and loved;
and though hitherto*unsuccessful, they still hope to
find a country adequate to the wants and support
of their people somewhere west of the Mississippi
and withm the territorial limits of the United States.
Should they do so, the Government of the United
States hereby consent to protect and defend them
against the inroads of any other tribe of Indians,
and from thewhites, and agreeto keep them without
the limits of any State or Territory."
After this date the Choctaws and Chickasaws
treated jointly with the United States, and I
refer to those joint stipulations generally under
the Choctaw heading upon this and other sub-
jects of treaty obligation.
Creeks.
By the fourteenth article of the treaty of
Washington, of March 24, 1832, with the
Creeks, it is declared that—
"The Creek country west of the Mississippi shall
be solemnly guarantied to the Creek Indians. Nor
shall any State or Territory ever have a ri&ht to
pass laws for the government of such Indians, but
they shall be allowed to govern themselves, so far
as may be compatible with the general jurisdic-
tion which Congress may think proper to exercise
over them," &c.
The fourth article of the treaty of Washington
of August 7, 1850, with the Creeks and Sem-
inoles, provides that—
" The United Stal es do hereby solemnly agree and
bind themselves that no State or Teriitory shall
ever pass laws for the government ot the Creek or
Si'imuole tribes of Indians, and that no portion of
either of the tracts of country defined in the first
and second articles of this agreement shall ever be
embraced or included within or annexed to any
Teiritory or State, nor shall either, or any part of
either, ever be erected into a Territory without the
full and free consent of the legislative authority of
the tribe owning the same."
The twelfth article of the treaty of June 14,
18(30, specially confirms all previous treaty
obligations not inconsistent with that one.
post offices and post iioads.
The eleventh article of the treaty of Danc-
ing Habbit Creek, of September 27, 1830, with
the Choctaws, provides that—
"The United States shall establish one or more
post offices in said nation, and may establish such
military post roads and posts, as they may consider
necessary."
The seventeenth article of the treaty of
Washington, June 22, 1855, provides that—
" The United States shall have the right to estab-
lish and maintain such military posts, post roads,
and Indian agencies, as may be deemed necessary,
within the Choctaw and Chickasaw country."
And by the forty-fourth article of the joint
treaty of Washington, of April 28, 1866, be-
tween the United States and the Choctaws
and Chickasaws, it is provided that—
"Post officcs shall be established and maintained
by the United States at convenient place3 in the
Choctaw and Chickasaw nations, to and from which
the mails shall be earned at reasonable intervals,
at the ratft of postage prevailing in the United
States."
By the nineteenth article of the treaty of
Washington, of August 7, 1856, with the
Creeks and Seminoles, it is agreed that—
"The United States shall havetheright to establish
and maintain such military posts, military and post
roads, and Indian agencies as may be deemed ne-
cessary within the Creek and Seminole country."
So it will be seen that no barrier to civiliza-
tion exists by any interruption of mail service
in the Indian territory.
Congress has, under these several treaties,
established post offices and post routes in the
several nations or tribes located within the
original grants to the Cherokees, Choctaws,
Chickasaws, Creeks, and Seminoles, with full
privilege to establish such indefinitely when-
ever by Congress deemed necessary.
military posts and military roads.
The seventeenth article of the joint treaty
with the Choctaws and Chickasaws of June
22, 1866, provides that—
" The United States shall have the right to estab-
lish and maintain such military posts, post roads,
and Indian agencies, as may be deemed necessary
within the Chocktaw and Chickasaw country."
By article twenty-two of the joint treaty at
Washington with the Choctaws and Chicka-
saws of April 28, 1866, it is agreed that—
"The right of selection hereby given shall not
authorize the selection of any land required by the
United States, as a military post or Indian agency not
cxccedmg one mile square, which, when abandoned,
shall revert to the nation in which the land lies."
By the twenty-seventh articie of the treaty of
Washington of July 19, 1866, with the Cher-
okees, it is agreed that—
" The United States shall have the right to estab-
lish one or more military posts or stations in the
Cherokee nation as may be deemed necessary for
the proper protection of the citizens of the United
States lawfully residing therein, and the Cherokees
and other citizens of the Indian country.,J
The nineteenth article of the joint treaty
with the Creeks and Seminoles, of August 7,
1856, provides that—-
"The United States shall have the right to estab-
lish and maintain such military posts, military and
post loads, and Indian agencies as may be deemed
necessary within the Creek and Seminole country."
And the twelfth article of the treaty of Wash-
ington of June 14, 1866, reaffirmed and reas-
sumfcd all treaty stipulations entered into, &c.,
thus retaining in futl force this valuable pos-
session; and tbe treaty with the Seminoles of
March 21, 1866, recedes their country to the
United States, this being that tract secured by
this section.
railroad right of way.
It is provided by the eighteenth article of
the joint treaty with the Choctaws and Chicka-
sawvs, made at Washington June 22,1855, that—
44 The United States, or any incorporated com-
pany, shall have the right of way for railroads or
lines or telegraphs through the Choctaw and Chicka-
saw country, but for any property taken or destroyed
m the construction thereof, full, compensation shall
be made to the party or parties injured, to be ascer-
tained or determined in such manner as the Presi-
dent of the United States shall direct."
The sixth article of the treaty of April 28,
186(5, provided that—
"The Choctaws and Chickasaws hereby grant a
right of way through their lands to any companies
which shall be duly authorized by Congress or by the
Legislatures of said nations, respectively, and which
shall with the express consent and approbation of
the Secretary of the Interior, undertake to construct
a railroad through the Choctaw and Chickasaw
nations, from the north to the south thereot, and
from the east to the west side thereof in accordance
with the provisions of the eighteenth article of the
treaty of June 22, 1855, which provides that for auy
property taken or destroyed m the construction
thereof full compensation shall be made to the party
or parties injured, to be ascertained and determined
in &uch manneras the President of the United States
shall direct.''
It is provided in the twentieth article of the
Washington treaty with the Choctaws and
Chickasaws of August 7, 1856, that—
"The United Statos, or any incorporated com-
pany. shall have the right of way tor railroads or
hoes of telegraphs through the Creek and Sem-
inole countries; but in the case of any incorporated
company it shall have such right of way only on such
terms and payments of such amounts to the Creeks
and Seminoles. as the case may be, as may be agreed
upon between it and the national council thereof;
or, in case of disagreement, by making full compen-
