1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
681
expense. I have in my hand the report of tlie |
Congressional Printer, which shows that dur- j
ing the year ending the 80th of last June j
he printed more than sixty thousand differ-
ent pages of documents. Put into books this
would make a library of over one hundred and
twenty volumes of five hundred pages each.
Something like this amount the Govern-
ment is printing every year, beside a vast
unenumerated mass of materials in the form
of bills, &c., not included in the estimate of
pages. I called attention, also, to a proposed
measure by which this expense might be re-
duced, so far as the printing for Congress is
concerned. Since making those remarks, I
have learned a fact in reference to the print-
ing which I did not then know, and which I
think this Committee ought to know. We
have a very good rule here—in fact it is a re-
quirement of law—that when it is proposed to
print extra copies of any document, the prop-
osition must be referred to the Committee on
Printing, and reported to the House by that
committee before the additional printing can
be done. But there is now no rule whatever
that limits the Executive Departments as to
what they may have printed.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Is not there
a law to that effect?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There is not.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I think the
House passed one at the last session of Con-
gress.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The law limits
them as to extra numbers, but not as to the
subjects that are to be printed. As to the book
to be published, the style of printing, the qual-
ity of the paper and binding, the character and
amount of the engravings, or whatever may
cuter into the publication, there is no limit
whatever, except, the discretion of the Depart-
ment itself Perhaps that statement may bo
too broad, but so it was represented to the
Committee on Appropriations this morning.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I wish to
state in this connection a fact which ought to
be taken into account. The law was changed
a year or two ago so that all the Government
printing of the country is done here. Here-
tofore what was wanted at the custom-house
in New York was printed there, ar.d what-
ever was wanted at the custom-house at Bos-
ton was printed'there, independently of what
was done at New York or Philadelphia What-
ever printing was wanted in any department
all over the countiy was done there, anu there
was a repetition of this work all over the land.
Our legislation has abolished all that, and has
it done at this Government Printing Office.
So it seems a great deal larger by concentrat-
ing here than it is in reality. That is new to
the consideration of this subject. While it is
growing, as the gentleman says, and while it
is alarming in its amount, it is not quite so
large as it. seems to be when you come to see
it all here in one place. This arrangement, as
can easily be seen, has resulted in great econ-
omy. for when the type is set up and the form
prepared for a blank book for the use of the
custom-house at New York, the same thing can
be printed for all the custom-houses of the
country, and there is great saving. There,
should be still further reduction, and I do not
mean to offer these remarks with any inten-
tion of relaxing the effoits of the gentleman
from Ohio, but rather to aid him in the line of
his argument.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to add a word.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will yield if
the committee will give me time to complete
my remarks.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I only
desire to say that duiing the war a printing
office arose in almost every Department of the
Government. The War Department had one,
the Treasury had one, the Interior^ had one,
and the Attorney General had one. They were
all broken up by the law my colleague cites.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. All save one;
there is a branch printing-office in the Treas-
ury Department, which does about one hun-
dred and twenty five thousand dollars of work
a year.
Mr. Chairman, I quite agree in all that my
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] has
said. The law to which lie refers has greatly
bettered this business of printing, and has
doubtless reduced the expense. It has con-
solidated it in one place. I have no doubt it
is being done as cheaply and as economically
as it can be done, admitting it is to be done
at all. I wish to show the committee some of
the books we are puhlshing. I hold in my hand
the third volume, No. 3, Mining Industry. It
i is the United Slates geographical exploration
of the fortieth parallel by Clarence King, geol-
ogist in charge. It is a most valuable work,
and every way worthy of publication; but 1
am speaking now of the style and cost of pub-
lication. I understand the design is to print,
five additional volumes in the same style. 1
call the attention of members to this volume
and the volume of maps which accompanies it.
1 ask my colleague on the committee from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Sakuent] to show it to the House,
as I wish to add some further remarks in refer-
ence to this volume which is t,o be followed by
five volumes of a like character.
If members will look at ihe paper of this
book they will be surprised. When you go
out. to buy Christmas gifts for your children,
you may perhaps buy some luxurious edition
of one of the old poets, but go far before you
will find a book printed on more expensive
paper than this. It is heavy tinted paper of
very fine quality, such as is used in the most,
luxurious editions of illustrated books. Then,
again, the committee will see more than a score
of pages of exquisitely linislxed engravings of
buildings and machinery necessary to carry on
the business of mining, of furnaces for smell-
ing, and 1 even find here engravings of the
ordinary apparatus for letting miners down
the shafts of mines. I coil show you a dozen
such machines at the coal mines in my district.
And yet allthese are here engraved in the most
elaborate manner, as though they were new
inventions which miners had never seen before.
Now, I want the committee to understand
that I do not object to ihese explorations, nor
to the publication of their results. I believe
in a general and liberal policy in regard to all
enterprises that aid in developing the great
resources of the country, and bringing the
knowledge of them into the possession of our
people. But what I desire to impress upon
the committee is the fact that our existing
laws ley no limitations on the Executive
Deparlments as to the subject-matter of the
books they print, the quality of matenal used,
and expenses they incur. They send no esti-
mates to Congress of theamounts they severally
need. They make no returns of t,he amounts
expended. We only find the amounts in the
estimates of the Superintendent of Public
Printing, and we appropriate in the lump ihe
sum of §2,000,000 per year, to be used in the
mariner I have already described, or in any
other manner that taste or fancy may sug-
gest. The sections I have offered do not for-
bid the printing of such hooks, but they do
provide that each of these Departments, on
its own responsibility to the country, shall
each year send in estimates of the amount
of money it needs for printing, and that, the
Public Printer shall honor its orders to the
extent of the appropriation that, Congress may
make and no further. These provisions will,
I have no doubt, work the needed reform,
and make tho parties responsible to Congress
and the country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the commit-
tee will allow me, I wish to say further, that
according to the best estimates I can obtain,
! this book cannot be produced for less than
1 twenty five dollars a volume ; and if the plan
of publishing is carried out on the present
scale, including the maps to accompany it, it
is estimated that the whole cost will not be
less than two hundred ortwo hundred and fifty
thousand dollars. I hope the committee will
adopt the amendment J have offered 
Mr. SARG15NT rose.
Mr. CONGER. I object to any partial dis-
cussion of this question on the simple leave
of the House, without an opportunity being
given to gentlemen to reply.
The CHAIRMAN. The point is well taken.
For what purpose does the gentleman from
California [Mr. Sargent] rise?
Mr. SARGENT. To debate this proposi-
tion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw the point of order to allow the matter to
be discussed.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of orderbeing
withdrawn, the amendment is before the com-
mittee.
Mr. SARGENT. I think it was very for
from the intention ofthfCommitt.ee on Appro-
priations to assail the Public Printer, for the
system carried on at the Public Printing Office.
I believe that the committee are satisfied that
the Public Printer, Mr. Clapp, is a faithful and
economical officer, and does the best he can
to dispose of the enormous amount of busi-
ness which is intrusted to his hands. This is
not the point, of attack by the Committee on
Appropriations. Wesimply desire to call ihe
attention of ihe committee to the fact, that, by
a loose practice, which has grown up fioin
small beginnings until it has reached enormous
proportions, theGovernnient is turned into one
of the greatest and most, expensive book-pub-
lishing concerns now in the United States, or
perhaps upon the globe.
I do not. know that 1 care to go into a criti-
cism as to the value of many of these books
which receive the sanction of the several bu-
reaus or Departments, and are run through the
Printing Office without the knowledge of Con-
gress. I might, perhaps, question whether the
country, or anybody except those who do the
actual work and are paid for it, is benefited
by some of these publications. l>ut 1 believe
I am justified in saying with reference to this
expensive book before mo, showing an enorm-
ous amount of industry on the part of the
United States engineers in going from three
hundred to ten and fifteen hundred feet below
the surface of the the earth to trace out in the
Comstock lode all the windings and twistings
of their work there, that if a false pretense is
held out by this document it does not reflect
any credit upon the authors. And yet I
believe, sir, if my information is correct—and
I have it from a very high source indeed—that
not one foot of these explorations mapped
out here in gaudy colors was made by Clarence
King, or any man in his employment; that
these are simply tracings of workings made
under the superintendence of owners of mines ;
that, these pictures of their workings were
copied from the miners' sketches which are
added to each day as 'tunnels or shafts are
made; and that from that one source, and
that alone, these pictures and maps were
derived.
Now, if that is true, and I believe it to be
true, and my information comes from a very
high source, there is a fraud on the country in
publishing that as explorations on the part of
Clarence King's corps. I do not know that
it cost the Government anything except the
amount paid for copying these tracings, but
there is nothing in this book, or in the accom-
panying maps, to show that (hey are not the
result of explorations made by these engineers,
or that it is anything but a false pretense to
magnify their own importance.
Now. sir, it is necessary that tflis enormous
leak in printing be stopped. The amount of
printing that Congress orders is very small.
We have about two million dollars appropri-
ated in this bill for public printing, but I ven-
