580
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 30,
Ho. of Reps.
Ku Klux Outrages—Mr. Maynard.
42d Cons....2d Sess.
H. Hill, page 771, expresses the belief "that
Radicals have been guilty for the purpose of
making capital at the North, and to keep the
State governments in the South in the hands
of the class of. men I have described."
The evidence, however, began to grow too
strong, and had to be explained away. This
has been attempted very largely by assaults
upon witnesses, and bringing reproach nj)on
their character. Without being turned aside
from the main purpose of the investigation to
inquire into such matters, it is enough that
every fact relied upon by the committee was
sustained by witnesses unassailed. An exam-
ple or two will illustrate. Last summer John
C. Norris, of Georgia, gave lxis testimony
here in Washington. It was voluminous, cov-
ering forty printed pages, 193-233, and much
of it important. Upon reaching Atlanta,
after his evidence had been printed and had
found its way down there, he was denounced
as a person utterly unworthy of credit. Of
course he was anxious to produce witnesses in
support of his character. This, for several
reasons, was impracticable. Our time, as I have
already stated, was so limited that many wit-
nesses on both sides summoned to substantive
facts could not be examiued; some did not
have time to reach Atlanta until after we left
for Florida. The point of our inquiries was
not the character of Mr. Norris, but the truth
of his testimony. His character might be
worthless and his testimony yet true. The
one question was direct and material, the
other wholly collateral, upon which it was
deemed inexpedient to expend either the time
of the committee or the public money. So he
was left to defend his own character, if it be
Susceptible of defense.
Instead, they summoned John Neal, a native
of the same county with Norris, and a cap-
tain in the 'confederate army, a member of
the Legislature, and confessedly a man of good
character. His examination commenced late in
the evening and was resumed in the morning.
I quote pages 1018, 1020:
Question. Did you know a man by the name of
Norris, whoso Christian numo I do not recollect, but
who at one timo was shoriff of Warron county ?
"Answer. I do.
"Question. Ho was examiued before this committee
at "Washington last, summor. Have you soon a copy
of his testimony and road it?
"Answer. I have not read it all. I read a por-
tion of it in possession of Major Hargrove, or at his
office.
"Question. From your knowlodge of the facts in
that county will you state whether liis statements
wore true, so far as youhadan opportunity to exam-
ine them?
Answer. If you have tho ovidenco hore I would
liko to have you iudicato tho points; my memory
about two years since then, and I havo thought very
littlo of itsinco.
" Question. Give tho substanco of it, as nearly as
you can.
" Ansioer. They were bound by oath to obey all
orders or edicts cominpr to them from their chief,
from tho central chief of the county, or tho central
chief of the State; they were also sworn to remove,
by any moans possible, any obstacles in the way of
the success ot the party which they represented."
Mr. Williams says, page 226:
" By the Chairman :
"Question. Were you chief of acounty?
"Answer. Yes. sir, of the Young Men's Democratic
Club of Leon county.
"Question. Were you subdivided into hundreds
and fifties and tons ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; tho samo plan that now exists
in the State of Virginia; 1 believe that Extra Billy
Smith is at the head of exactly the same organiaa-
tion." * * *
"By Mr.Bayard:
" Question. I understand that the suggestion of it
camo from a publication that you saw in a news-
paper of a similar organization existing in tho State
or Virginia?
"Answer. 0 no, sir; you have misunderstood me,
I said that they had adopted in Virginia recently
the same plan ; I understood that it was introduced
into some convention there by Extra Billy Smith,
exactly the same in its features as this.
Question. This organization ?
"Antnoer. Yes, sir; Mr. Dyke, of Tallahassee, told
me so."
does not serve me well enough, in regard to the
whole of it.
" Question. It is not here at present; but if you
will take the volume and examine it to-night we
can question you in the morning.
"Answer. I may possibly have to leave the city
on the morning train, but I hope not."
3j« 5$.
"Atlanta, Georgia, November 4,1871.
"John Neal, examination continued.
" By the Chairman:
" Question. Have you examined the printed testi-
mony of Mr. Norris since the committee adjourned
last evening?
" Answer. Yes, sir, I have.
" Question. If you have any modifications to make
in his statements of facts, will you now make them ?
" Answer. There are several errors in it as to cer-
tain things; I do not know that they make any
material difference upon the whole. I have indi-
cated here such corrections as I think I would make.
The first instance, I will remark, where Mr. Norris
is badly mistaken is where the question is asked
him if he was elected to some ofiice in his county.
His answer is, ' At tho first election wo had after
the war I was elected sheriff of my county.' That
is a mistake.
" Question. "What was the fact ?
" Ansioer. Ho was elected as sheriff under the
ordinance of the second constitutional convention.
We were first reconstructed under the proclamation
of President Johnson, and formed a government at
Milledgeville. and Mr. Heath was then elected
sheriff of Warren county. He is asked where
Mr. Adkins lived, and ho says that he lived nine
miles from Warrenton. It was fifteen mile?. That
i&merely a matter of distance. Then he speaks of
the first election after the war; he refers to the elec-
tion when General Grant was elected President.
" Question. You wish to be understood that the
first election was held under what is called the John-
son reconstruction policy ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; we had two or three elections
before tbp election of General Grant. He seems to
think this organization of disguised persons com-
menced their operations as early as 18G7; I think he
is mistaken as to the dates. I think it was after the
1st of July, 18GS, that they made their first manifest-
ation.
"Question. In your county ?
"Answer. Yes, sir. lie is asked if they operated
at the election when ho was elected; and he says
they did. 1 am of opinion that there was no organ-
ization of thekind in existence at that time.
" Question. When was he elected?
"Answer. In April, 1868.
M Question. Do you think the organization had no
existence that early?
"Answer. I do not think it had."
By referring to Caldwell's account of the
death of Ashburn, (page 451,) published in the
New York Tribune, and dated at Columbus,
April 1, 18G8, -it would seem that Norris is the
more probably correct. After a few similar
corrections, he adds, "I do not think there is
anything more in regard to the testimony
of Mr. Norris that I desire to state." After
that what has Mr. Norris's character, good or
bad. to do as a defense to the KuKIux? Other
parties seem to have taken a different view,
and to have tried whether he could be im-
peached from the general infamy of his char-
acter. With what success will appear from
the testimony of H. C. Jones, (page 1207:)
"Qitestion. lias any person applied to you to give
testimony discrediting Mr. Norris, commonly called
Chap. Norris?
"Ansiotr. When?
"Question. Within the last three weeks.
/'Answer. No one has applied to discredit his tes*-
timony. A gentleman asked me if I could swear
that I would not believo him on his oath.
''Question. Who was that gentleman?
"Answer. I dislike to give his name unless I am
obliged to do it; 1 will do it if I am forced to. It
was not a request on his part, but a mere inquiry of
me if I could do that thing. The request was made
in a way that I am bound not to say anything
about it.
" Question. What was your reply ?
"Answer. My reply was that I could not swear that
I would not beiieve Mr. Norris on his oath.
J'uestion. How long havo you known hiui ?
n^wer. Well, sir, I knew him when I was a littlo
boy, in Warrenton."
Before leaving the subject it is but just to
add that the allegations against Mr. Norris
tend less to his disparagement than to the
credit of our military officers, who could hardly
be overcautious to preserve their authority
from even the appearance of having been
abused.
Henry M. Turner, a colored man promi-
nent among his race, appeared before .the
committee as a witness, (page 1035.) His tes-
timony is full and specific. At the instance
of Senator Sumner, so it is said, he was ap-
pointed postmaster at Macon. Such repre-
sentations were made touching liis character
as to produce his removal in a few weeks.
No reference was made to these matters while
he was before the committee and he had no
opportunity to be heard in explanation. Wit-
nesses were introduced to his personal dis-
credit, none to th*e truth of his testimony. The
charges against him are two: one for coun-
terfeiting, for which he was arrested, exam-
ined, and discharged; the other was licen-
tiousness, as to which the evidence as it stands
is against him. I leave the subject by adding
two letters; one written by Mr. Long, a mem-
ber of this House in the last Congress, the
other by Mr. Fitzpatrick, an Irislmian, admit-
ted to be a reliable man, ''outside of politics
Macon, Georgia, November 6,1871.
Sir: I learn that strong efforts aro being made to
overthrow the testimony given by lion. II. M.
Turner before your committee as to the existence
of Ku Klux m this section of the State.
I most respectfully ask, in behalf of the loyal citi-
zens of this community, that you summon before
you the following gentlemen : N. I). Sneed, notary
public and ex officio justice of tho peace ; Rev. 11. J.
Brown, presiding elder Macon district; Thomas
Creswell, a man of unquestionable veracity; Dr. T.
Harris, M. D. and A. M., to the care of !N. I). Sneed,
esq.; lion. James Fitzpatrick.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
JEFFERSON F. LONG,
Kx-Member Congress*
lion. II.Maynard, Atlanta, Georgia.
Macon, Gkorgia, November 6,1871.
Dear Sir: Judge C. B. Cole, of the Macon circuit,
adjourned the superior court to-day for one week,
to enable him to appear before your committee for
the purpose of disproving or counteracting the testi-
mony of H. M. Turner. He is a bitter enemy of
Turner's; m tact, he is a bitter enemv of Repub-
licanism. Some time ago he went to Washington,
adjourning his court, as now, at the request of the
Democrats of this vicinity, to have Turner turned
out of tho Macon post ofiice. Thomas Hardiman,
and the Deniocratic candidates who have taken tho
seats to which Republicans wore elceted from this
county in the Georgia Legislature, have requested
Judge Cole to appear befoie your committee. Re-
mind Judge Cole, while under oath, of two cases
that were tried before him, Alfred Hoy and John
Molloy, who murdered two colored men in cold
blood. Hoy and Molloy are white men; were dis-
charged; whether Judge Cole did not state to my-
self, at the adjournment of his court on the occasion,
that there was no justice for a colored man before a
jury of white men. If he did not state further to a
prominent citizen, after the court adjourned, that
he (Judge Cole) was strongly impressed with the
idea of adjourning the couit sine die. The judge is
old and very excitable ; m fact, he is getting child-
ish. He was a rampant reb., and ready and "willing
at all times to respond to the wishes of/ebs. 1
don't know what Turner testified before you; but
one thing 1 do know, he must havo an extraor-
dinary memory if he could tell you half what he does
know.
Respectfully, &c„
JAMES FITZPATRICK,
Maco7i, Georgia.
Hon. Horace Maynard, Atlanta, Georgia.
We were compelled to leave Atlanta on the
8th, and the inquiry went no further.
But I repeat, the committee have based
nothing upon the evidence of these witnesses;
and I have referred to the subject at this length
to call attention to this very disingenuous line
of defense.
Justification : Wherever a case of violence
and outrage has occurred, under circumstances
of such notoriety that it could not be success-
fully denied, it was then justified by an attack
upon the memory of the victim. He had been
guilty of some offense for which he received
a merited retribution. If he had been taken
from jail and put to death, as many were, it
would be represented as the just penalty for
an aggravated crime. As if one of the most
sacred of personal rights, for which the Con-
stitution has been supposed to be a safeguard,
were not immunity from criminal responsibil-
ity, except after the action of a grand jury,
followed by a jury trial, with opportunity to
confront the accuser and to be heard in defense.
