THE CONGltM^OtfAL GLOBE.
March 8,
of the whole family in the place where the
eldest son resided, upon the father's death,
their constant kindness to the widowed mother
during the many years that she survived, the
assistance cheerfully given out of their pov-
erty by the two elder brothers to their younger
brothers and sisters until all were happily
settled in life, are facts which we know, and
which find their readiest explanation in the
affections kindled at the hearth-fires in the
old Massachusetts home.
But, however intimate and tender that home
life, there was one necessity from which it could
not escape—t,he necessity to work in order to
live. In a family of four boys, straitened for
the means of livelihood, some of them must
find support in the mechanical trades, and, at
the proper age, Roger was apprenticed to a
shoemaker. He had learned to read, write, and
cipher in the common school. This, as yet,
was the extent -of his education. The shoe-
maker's shop became his college. It was not
the best kipd of an institution of learning;
not so good as circumstances afforded to his
after friend, Jonathan Trumbull, but it was
the best he had, and I think it will be found
that he made the most of it. He was never
ashamed of his trade; neither did he ever
boast of it, as is the manner of some. It pre-
sented itself to him as a part of his life-work,
and he took it to do, as a matter of course.
And it is while he is learning and working at
bis trade that we first get some insight into
his intellectual appetencies. Sitting upon his
bench, hammering and stitching, he fell into
the habit of keeping a book by his side, and
snatching such bits of study as his work would
allow. What volumes he thus perused we do
not know, but he was only a few miles out of
Boston, where books of all kinds were access-
ible, and it is certain that in a short time
after he had attained his majority he had be-
come so well versed in mathematics as to be
a competent land-surveyor and a calculator
of eclipses for the almanacs of the day. As
these studies were of his own choice, and pur-
sued, so far as appears, without a teacher, we
may fairly infer that his intellectual tastes in-
clined him to the certainties of mathematical
science, while his habits of life led him to give,
even to these, a practical application.
It will be readily seen that the circum-
stances of Mr. Sherman's early life were such
as to preclude, in great measure, the ac-
quisition of those external graces which, at a
later period and in a wider sphere, contribute
so much to the happiness, and often to the
usefulness of their possessor. The son of a
poor farmer, and bred in an apprenticeship
of manual labor, his social opportunities were
limited to the narrowest range, and though
afterward brought into long continued asso-
ciation with the best society of the continent,
he remained somewhat unpolished to the last.
H e was conscious of this defect himself, and
the consciousness rendered him diffident and
embarrassed in the courtly circles of the met-
ropolitan life of that day, where he was con-
sequently never seen to the best advantage.
It was in the intercourse of private friendship
or in the discussions of deliberative assem-
blies that his remarkable powers came into
full play. '
But among the acquisitions of his youth
there was one which compensated for all other
defects, and lay at the foundation of his use-
fulness in maturer life. From the dawning of
his intelligence lie dwelt among a people who,
however assiduous in attention to the interests
of the visible world, yet lived in the habitual
and thoughtful contemplation of a world yet
invisible, but to their consciousness even more
real than the former. It is not easy for the
present generation to apprehend the intense
faith of the early inhabitants of New England.
Without a lingering doubt or mental reserva-
tion, they accepted the Bible as the divine
utterance to humanity. It was the atmosphere
through which they looked up to God, the mir-
ror in which they beheld themselves. They
never wearied in its contemplation, and out
of that contemplation arose a conception of
duty broad as life, high as heaven, and last-
ing as eternity. God was at once its motive
and its enjl, and it was essentially regulative
of every action and every thought. The weak-
ness or depravity of human nature might thwart
its operation, but it was always present to the
mind as the ideal of what life ought to be. It
was among a people cherishing this conception
that Mr. Sherman was trained from infancy to
early manhood. The faith which so wrought
in them was imparted to him, and in the year
that he attained his majority he became a mem-
ber of the church in Newton. Thus the earthly
became to him the vestibule of the heavenly,
and the relations of time took on the sanctions
of eternity.
Meanwhile, other great changes had taken
and were about to take place. His father had
died two years before. His elder brother had
removed to Connecticut, and the aged mother
and his younger brothers and sisters were de-
pendent upon him for support. His trade, at
which he wrought as he had opportunity, was
unremunerative, and it was finally determined
to seek a new home and better fortunes in
another colony. The eld-est son of the family
had settled in New Milford, a village on the
western border of Connecticut, and thither, in
1743, they all went, the mother and younger
children in such vehicle as they could obtain,
and Mr. Sherman on foot, carrying the tools
of his trade upon his back. He wasnow twenty-
two years of age, tall of stature, vigorous in
health, inured to labor, greedy of knowledge,
poor in purse, of warm affections, devout faith,
bashful yet energetic, with great undeveloped
powers, and opportunity waiting in the future.
His life henceforth naturally divides itself
into three periods: the first, of eleven years,
extending to his admission to the bar in 1754;
the second, extending from the latter date to
his election to the Continental Congress in
1774; and the last, continuing to his death in
1793.
The first period, like the preceding portion
of his life, was one of training and study. For
a short time he worked at his trade; then he
assisted his brotherin keeping a country store.
Some employment he found as a land sur-
veyor. But his principal attention was grad-
ually concentrated upon the study of the
law. His accurate judgment and practical
wisdom were well calculated to guide him in
the application of legal science, and the vil-
lagers fell into the habit of consulting him
about their disputes. Thus his reputation
increased, and added to his motives for ac-
quiring a more profound knowledge of juris-
prudence. He pursued his studies patiently
in the intervals of business, and was widely
known as a counselor before his admission to
the bar. This event took place in December,
1754, when he was thirty-three years of age.
Hitherto Mr. Sherman had moved in a private
sphere. At the commencement of this, the
second period of his mature life, he entered
upon that public career which terminated only
with his death. In 1755 he was elected to the
colonial Legislature, of which he continued
to be a member, almost without interruption,
for thenexttwenty years. During this period,
also, he held successively the principal judicial
offices in the colony. In 1761 he transferred
his residence to New Haven, assumingat once
in the latter place the prominence which he
had occupied in the former.
From 1755 to 1763, the colony was convulsed
by the efforts put fofth in the war between
France and Great Britain, and in which the
theater of active operations'was on the Ameri-
can continent. Mr. Sherman was among the
foremost in promoting the extraordinary exer-
tions made by Connecticut in the conflict. Year
afteryear levies offive thousand men were raised
and dispatched to the scene of active opera-
tions at Crown Point, Fort William Henry,
Louisburg, Ticonderoga, and Quebec, or em-
barked to perish by shipwreck, fatigue, and
pestilence in the West Indies. Four hundred
thousand pounds were expended by the little
colony from her own treasury. No other col-
ony, in proportion to population and resources,
had furnished an equal quota of money aud
troops.
The restoration of peace was but the begin-
ning of new troubles. The financial difficul-
ties which the British ministry encountered at
the close of the war suggested the device of
raising money in America by parliamentary
taxation. Mr. Sherman steadily resisted the
scheme. The branch of the Legislature which
corresponded to the present State senate con-
tained some individuals who were disposed
to submit to the demands of the Crown, and
at the election of 1766 their places were sup-
plied by new members of the opposite sen-
timents, of whom Mr. Sherman was the most
prominent. The sessions were not public, and
we can learn their proceedings only from
results. It is certain that from the period at
which I have arrived down to the final resort to
arms a resolute determination was evinced to
resist the arbitrary pretensions of Parliament.
The part taken by Mr. Sherman may be inferred
from the fact that in August, 1774, he was
appointed one of the delegates from Connec-
ticut to attend the first general Congress.
Hitherto his public services had been limited
to the colony in which he resided. There, as
judge, legislator, and councilor, he had ob-
tained a hold upon the coufidence and respect
of the people, which caused all eyes to turn
to him in the grave complications that were
arising.
Mr. Sherman entered upon this third stage
of his career at the ripe age of fifty-three years.
He served in succession in the revolutionary
Congress, the Congress of the Confederation,
the Federal Convention, in the first House of
Representatives under the Constitution, and in
the Senate of the United States ; and, among
the many eminent men with whom he was thus
brought in contact, he was always conspicuous.
"A man who never said a foolish thing in his
life," said Mr. Jefferson of him. " The clear-
est head and the steadiest heart," said John
Adams; and these two, the representatives
of extremes of political opinion, were his asso-
ciates in public service during all this period.
The multifarious character of his employ-
ments seems at this day astonishing. At a time
when the executive administration was con-
ducted by committees of Congress, he was a
member of those appointed to prepare instruc-
tions for the Army, to establish regulations of
trade, to provide for a currency, to procure mil-
itary supplies, to raise money, to concert a plan
of military operations, and of others appar-
ently equally incongruous. Having from the
first believed independence to be the only
adequate remedy for the evils which existed,
he was placed upon the committee to draft, the
Declaration, and afterward upon that selected
to prepare Articles of Confederation. At a
later period "he was successively a mem-
ber of the Board of War and Ordnance, of
the Marine Committee, and of the Board of
Treasury.
But it is from the part which he took in the
Convention of 1787 that Mr. Sherman is most
known at the present day. His influence in
that body was great, and increased as his asso-
ciates became more familiar with his qualities.
He seems to have regarded the work to be
accomplished there in a twofold aspect: first,
to form a more efficient Union ; and secondly,
so far as was compatible with such efficiency,
to preserve the functions of the State govern-
ments. These ends he kept steadily in view,
though not refusing to yield his own opinions
as to the method of attaining them. He spoke
often, but always briefly and directly to the
