3320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
cuit. Oar judicial circuit comprises the States
of Maryland, West Virginia, Virginia, North
Carolina, and South Carolina. The circuit
judge resides in Baltimore. We have in this
judicial circuit a great many large towns. I
Buppose this power will hardly be called upon
to be exercised except in large towns. We
have Baltimore, Frederick, and Cumberland,
in my State, and Wheeling in his State. We
have large towns in Virginia, like Richmond
and Norfolk. Now the thing is to get at.the
appointment of the proper men. They are to
be selected ten days before the election or
registration, in order that knowledge may go to
the people ; but how are they to communicate
with the judge? The judge maybe in the
State of North Carolina ; he may not deem it
proper or expedient even to designate the dis-
trict judges to act for him, and if he did, when
the people know it it may be too late to make
application. He may be away down in the
State of North Carolina, and he has made his
appointments for Maryland ; or he may be in
Maryland and has made his appointments for
the interior of North Carolina or South Caro-
lina, or for both States together, and he may
have made very objectionable appointments.
The people have no opportunity to go to Balti-
more to see him; they have no mode of redress
in order to secure better appointments.
I presume if we are to have good appoint-
ments, knowledge ought to be given to the peo-
ple of them. These men are to be appointed
ten days before registration or election. For
that purpose they are to be recommended by
individuals who are not known to the judge,
and the judge desiring to discharge his duty,
will wish to be informed as to them. 1 can
see no objection to giving the power at once
to tho district judges, because if they are at
home wo can communicate with them daily,
almost hourly, by means of the railroad com-
munication ; but at far distant point sit will be
utterly impracticable to communicate with
the circuit judges. This amendment does not
remedy that, it may remedy other matters.
ihe 1'RliS;01N(I ()[<'FIC11. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
In (liana.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tho ques-
tion is or, concurring in the amendments made
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to except the
amendment just adopted by the Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Morton! for a moment.
Ihe PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
pknteii.) The Senator from Illinois saves the
last amendment offered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to sub-
mit the question in some form to the Senate
on adopting Ihe bill as the committee lirst,
reported it. giving this power to the district
judges. I do not, know how I can get, at that.
Mr. IIIURMAN. ft is perfectfy in order
for the Senator to move to amend the bill in
the Senate, as I understand ic. lie can move
again that amendment which was disagreed
to in committee.
Mr. IRUMBULL. But if we adopt this
it would be incongruous. I only wish to get
at a vote. Perhaps the Senator from Indiana
will consent to withhold this amendment until
we take a vote in the Senate on leaving these
appointments to the district judges.
rr1?/t ASSv * ®lavo 110 objection to that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let all the amendments
to the lirst section be reserved
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will
be done.
Mr. CASSERLY. Is there any under-
standing about the amendments?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The under-
standing of the Chair is that the amendments
to the lirst section and the amendment just
adopted on the motion of the Senator from
Indiana have been reserved, and the question
is to be put on concurring in the other amend-
ments.
Mr. CASSERLY. Because the amendment
of the Senator from Indiana necessarily should
go with the other amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is re-
served with the others.
Mr. KELLOGG. I discover on examining
the bill as it is reported from the Committee
of the Whole that an amendment which I had
given notice of some time since, under date
of May 6, and which has been printed forsome
days, was not moved as I intended to move it.
I desire to move it in the Senate. I ask the
Secretary to read it, and then I will state 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments to the lirst section and the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Indiana adopted
in Committee of the Whole being reserved, the
question is on concurring in the other amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, with a view to
getting at the direct question, I move to strike
out the word " circuit" and insert the word
"district," just as the Committee on Priv-
ileges and Elections originally reported it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Illinois moves to strike out the word
"circuit" and insert the word "district"
before "judge," wherever the latter word
occurs in the first section of this bill.
Mr. MORTON. I have simply to say that
upon reflection and further consideration I
hope that the change proposed by the Senator
from Illinois will not be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois.
Mr. BOREMAN called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
_ Mr. CASSERLY. There are sixty or seventy
district judges, all of them, of course, ap-
pointed for their ability and integrity. There
are nine circuit judges, of whom I do not
vvish to say anything different. The greatques-
tion is, when you are dealing with a body of
appointments so great as that provided for by
thisbill, amountingto, I will say, speaking now
within limits, (of course a great deal by guess-
work) not less than six or seven thousand men,
taking tho whole country through, whether
yon will give the power to appoint that great
number of officers to sixty or seventy men or
to nine? It is a question whether the nine
men could have the time, the information, or
tho opportunity in any shape to make these
appointments as_ efficiently as the sixty or
seventy district judges. It is an enormous
addition to tbe labor and responsibilities
already imposed upon your circuit judges.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to say but one
word. The object is to give to this law as
high a character and inspire as much confi-
dence on the part of the country as may be
possible. I think it important, therefore, for
these considerations, that in the States where
the circuit judges live they ought to perform
these duties, and perhaps in other States ; and
tho provision that has just been adopted en-
ables them by calling upon the district judges
to require them to perform the duties where
they themselves cannot. It, seems to me there
can be_ no objection to the bill as it now
stands in this respect.
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSEN. I think it is
better to repose this power in the circuit
judges, because they generally would naturally
be expected to be a rather higher class of
men than the district judges. I reported a
bill at this session from the Judiciary Com-
mittee amending the existing law, which I
think passed the Judiciary Committee unani-
mously, which imposed this duty upon the
circuit judges, just as the bill here does, giv-
ing the circuit judge the power to name a dis-
trict judge to discharge the duty. That was a
supplement to the original bill, and I sup-
pobed the original bill which applied to towns
of twenty thousand inhabitants, when it passed*
the Judiciary Committee, met with the ap.
proval of that committee; and in that bill
this duty was imposed on the circuit judges
instead of on the district judges, so that this
distinction has twice had the approval of the
Senate and of the Judiciary Committee. I
hope, therefore, that we shall not change'the
law at this time.
Mr. THURMAN. If the circuit judge makes
these appointments, it is very obvious that he
must make them upon the representations of
some other person or persons. He cannot
have personal knowledge in respect to every
election precinct in the three or four States
composing his circuit. Indeed, the district
judge cannot have that personal knowledge in
respect to a great many precincts in his district,
although that is usually only about the half
of a State; and yet the district judge will
have much greater personal knowledge than
the circuit judge can have; and the district
judge will also have more knowledge of the
persons who recommend individuals to him
for appointment, a much better knowlege than
the circuit judge can have.
To say, then, that the circuit judge shall
make these appointments, because he is a
a more independent judge or because he is not
under any particular local influence, is no an-
swer atall, for he will not make them upon
his own knowledge of the men, he must make
them upon the recommendations of some per-
son to him, and we know what these recom-
mendations will generally be. The appoint-
ment may be made at any time so that it is
ten days before the election. He has no time
whatever, then, to make inquiry. It is per-
emptorily made his duty to make the appoint-
ment if the application is made to him ten
days before the election. He then has not an
hour to make the selections, not one hour
to make any inquiry as to who shall be
the persons who shall act as supervisors, but
in nine cases out of ten he must take the
very men as supervisors who may be recom-
mended to him by the persons who ask for
their appointment. That will be the case in
nine cases out of ten, perhaps ninety-nine
times out of a hundred. So that in point
of fact it will not be the circuit judge who
makes the appointment, but it will be the ten
citizens who ask for the appointment, who will
at the same time require the appointment and
name the men who shall be appointed. That,
practically, will be the operation of the whole
thing. If, however, you left it to the district
judge, he would have some knowledge of the
men who asked for the appointment, some
knowledge of the value of their recommenda-
tion, and over a large part of the district he
would have some knowledge of the persons
living in the election precincts ; but by leav-
ing this to tbe circuit judge you make it, prac-
tically, absolutely necessary for him to appoint
the men who are dictated to him by the per-
sons who demand the appointment.
Take the case, for instance, of Judge Em-
mons, in Detroit. He is there, and he is asked
to make appointments in Tennessee; he is
asked to do it ten days before the election.
A paper is presented to him signed by ten
men, citizens in an election precinct, asking
him to appoint two supervisors for that pre-
cinct. He says " I do not know two men in
the precinct; I do not know anybody who
does know a man in the precinct." What
then must he do? The law is mandatory ; he
shall make the appointment. He has no dis-
cretion; he must make it. How then can he
get two names out of that precinct except
from the men who present to him at Detroit
the paper demanding their appointment? The
consequences of the law as it now stands,
therefore, is simply this: that the men who
demand the appointment also make the
appointment. That is the fact.
What reason is given for that ? There is no
reason in the world given for it other than
