1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
581
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Am Klux Outrages—Mr, Maynard.
Ho. of Reps.
If the victim, however,cannot plausibly beae-
cused of an ordinary criminal offense, it is found
very convenient to charge him with some form
of unchastity. Senator Adkrns, for instance,
had written a very offensive letter to some
young lady, and had been slain by a male rela-
tion iu revenge. Yet this fatal letter has never
been produced, and for the best of reasons,
it never existed. Mr. Dickinson, of Jackson
county, Florida, was killed in March of last
year. All who knew him bear uniform testi-
mony to the purity of his character. Judge
Long, a witness for the minority, testified to
a rumor that he had been killed by a negro
in consequence of an illicit commerce with
some coloi-ed woman. Mr. Gibbs, the secre-
tary of State, in the same connection uses
this emphatic language, (Florida testimony,
page 222:)
''Question. It has been testified here this afternoon
that it was vesy generally reported out thcre,in Jack-
son county that Captain Liiclunson was killed by a
colored man of tho name of Bryant, and that the
killing i>roceedcd from his having criminal connec-
tion with a colored woman in Ilia employ.
' Anstcrr. X havenot the least hesitancy in saying,
in connection with that matter, tliatl believe that
to bo untrue in overy particular; I believe that story
was got up simply for the purpose of scandalizing
thy ma,li; L bohovo it a vile act of injustice to the
man's memory. If 1 thought theie was anything
in it 1 wouiil as lrankly say so as any one.
" Qif^lioii. You aiosatisiicd it is a calumny for the
purpose of screening the guilty?
"Answer. Yes, sii ; peiiectly so. I have seen the
man many tunes; t have tallied wiih him ; X have
s?eon him umlorciicuuistances that were very tiving
up there in Jackson county, in the face of those
men ; X know something ot his lite up there in that
very rcspect. Why, sir, lor months bef'oie he
slain, it, was a common thing; wo all knew it; I
talked with him aboutit, and he talked with others
concerning tile matter; it was a oommon thing to
say that he would be slain.
" Question. State whether this is a solitary instance
where a ltepublican has been put to death, and
then his memory blackened by the accusation of
sonio crime.
"Answer. No, sir; it is a common thing. Let me
say another thing just on this point. Inasmuch as
it is considered a very disgraceful thing socially
■here, or among refined people, civilized people, to
have a scandal ot that kind started against their
memory in connection with women, 1 havo noticed
that as a gen-rul thing, when a man is politically
obnoxious, and is cutoff or anything of that kind,
immediately they say there is a woman iu it."
Excuses: These are many and various; but
the hugest and most monstrous of them all is
the alleged demerit of the restored Slate gov-
ernments. into the discussion of this topic I
do uot propose to be drawn, earnestly as it, is
desired by the aiders and abettors of the Ku
Klux, their friends and apologists, eager for
anything to turn the gaze of a horrified public
from their own enormities, and leave time, the
great witness of truth and avenger of false-
hood, to vindicate these greatly misunderstood
and wholly misrepresented organizations; sat-
isfied that in purpose they will be found to have
been honest and patriotic, even if sometimes
unequal to the intrinsic difficulties which on
all sides beset them, and that whenever they
have erred it has been by following the coun-
sels and accepting the services of the very
men now most active in maligning them.
Yet were they as imbecile and corrupt as
their worst enemies pretend, what palliation is
it for these bloody and detestable Ku Klux
organizaiions? What excuse for their awful
crimes? if Governors Ilolden, Scott, Bul-
lock, and Keed were the " dishonestand rapa-
cious scoundrels" they have been represented
to be by a Democratic member of the sub-
committee, how does it soften the murder of
John Walthall, or the whipping of Letitia Lit-
tle, a girl of perhaps fifteen, whose ignorance
or timidity when under examination is used
by the same member as a " specimen " of the
class of people, the thousands through the South
so shamefully wronged ! Had the conditions
been reversed, and these humble persons been
the offenders instead of the sufferers, the com-
munity as such might have been spared the
disgrace. But let it never be forgotten that
they who commit these villainies are lawyers,
physicians, merchants, the young bloods and
their dependents and followers, the very Hower
of the chivalry.
No, Mr. Speaker, the clamor against the car-
pet-bag governments, the Radical governments,
the Republican governments, the reconstructed
governments, is simply another form of the
complaint against the Government of the
United States, it. is the same old difficulty ;
it is a quarrel, a contention with the same
power that we have fought all along. But
even if those governments were as bad as
represented, tell me what excuse that, would
be for men high in character and position to
burn the churches and school-houses of the
colored people? What excuse would that be
for taking men from their beds at night, and
scourging them till they were crippled I What
excuse for scourging helpless women, as has
been here described, and old men, and for
beating them to death ? What excuse for
going to prisons and taking from them men
charged with crime, subjecting them to torture,
and putting them to death without a hearing
and without a chance to make defeuse? And
that, too, Mr. Speaker, (lone by men who
were ever clamorous and noisy over constitu-
tional rights, as if the right to be heard in
one's defense were not the most sacred that is
given to us and secured by the Constitution.
No, Mr. Speaker, after having denied the
existence of this organization until denial be-
came useless, after having professed that its
objects were conservative and peaceful until
the facts demonstrated the falsehood of that
pretense, after having put up this general plea
of the character of the governments of these
several States till these governments iu nearly
every case have been overthrown, tell mewhut
excuse, what apology, what palliation there is
for the commission of crimes such as i have
already depicted, not to speak of others that
this presence in our galleries forbids mo from
very shame and regard for the modesty of our
nature so much even as to hint at, but which
will be found in your records, the published
volumes of testimony.
But, sir, it is said that the personal charac-
ter of the governments of these southern
States is very objectionable, that they are
built up and maintained by what are called
the carpet-bag class, meaning not new comers
merely, but persons who have come from some
of the northern States. Now, the testimony
taken in the State of Georgia will show that
with but one exception, that of the superin-
tendent of public instruction, every man con-
nected with the State government of Georgia
is a soul hern man, and a great majority of
them are natives of the State of Georgia, and
during the whole time of reconstruction the
number of northern men, carpet-baggers, as
it has become fashionable to stigmatize them,
has been so small and inconsiderable that the
idea of their influencing or controlling the
governments is simply ridiculous.
But it is said that these governments have
been very dishonest, that there has been a
great deal of peculation and laseality. Well,
sir, it is very possible that there has been
more or less, i have never yet seen a mis-
cellaneous body of men assembled that did
not present more or less the adverse side
of human character. I believe that of the
twelve men whom our Saviour gathered around
him one was a thief, and held the bag.
The same charge was liberally made against
what has been called the Brownlow govern-
ment of Tennessee. We have had two Legis-
latures in the State since that government
passed away, and we have had various investi-
gations, and i have never heard any serious
Radical defalcations or peculation exposed by
the result. I believe that t.be first effort tola
against a distinguished member of their own
party, and lie retorted by charging, jipd per-
haps proving, that those who had made the
investigation had been themselves bribed
bought up. A quarrel has been going on be-
tween these different member^ of the same
party from that time. "Non mihi tantas
componere lites."
Apologies: Under this head may be grouped
a multitude of suggestions, no one of any great
moment, but all calculated to disarm a just
public indignation. Such are executive par-
dons; executive offers of reward. J urige Bond,
who it is more than intimated is another Jef-
freys; the President's absence from Washing-
ton, page 543 ; the inverted sympathy for the
convicted and punished culprit which drew from
the Abb6 Edgeworth the memorable benedic-
tion, " Son of St. Louis, ascend to heaven,"
and generally the political advantages to be
hoped from every mistake, even a clerical
misprision in a public proclamation, though
corrected at, the earliest possible moment. „
The subject of executive pardons was much
considered in Georgia. The charge was made
that the pardoning power had been grossly
abused by Governor Bullock; and this charge
has been transplanted into the speech made
recently by a Democratic member of the
sub-committee. An official statement will
bo found at page 823 of the testimony which
effectually explodes and refutes it.
It gives a list of all pardons granted and
refused during Governor Bullock's adminis-
tration, at least from July 4, 1868, to July 4,
1871. i give a single paragraph:"
"As a general thing I fiud that nearly everyone
of the persons pardoned served some part of the
term of his sentence, and that pardons were only
granted upon the solicitation of tho most well-
known ana respectable citizens of the counties from
which said oonvicts were sentenced; while, in many
instances, pardons were granted to those only who
had nearly oompleted tho term of confinemont im-
posed npon them, upon the recommendations of the
officers and lessees of the penitentiary for good be-
havior, or on account of such physical disability as
made them unfit to perioral manual labor, and would
have, had they been kept in further confinement,
pro babl y caused death, w here pardons were granted
for good behavior, they took effect one or two days
betore tho expiration of tho term of confinement
imposed in the sentence of the court/'
I will cite, in this connection, a passage or
two from the testimony of Judge Cole, a wit-
ness introduced by the minority. Page 1189.
He is speaking of a eolofed man tried before
him for murder and convicted of involuntary
manslaughter, and adds:
"The man was convicted, and I immediately sat
down and wrote to the Governor, requesting hita to
pardon him, for I did not think ho was legally con-
victed. I will state that in several instances, per-
haps in as many a& half a dozen, I have requested
the Governor to pardon where I thought tho parties
were not legally convictod, and where it was easier
to get a pardon than it was to confine tho parties in
jaii for six months until the next oourt, and have a
new trial." ********
" Question. You said you fined a lawyer for speak-
ing disrespectfully of you iu tho cuso of a man who
was acquitted, and also for speaking disrespectfully
of Governor Bullock?
"Answer. Yes, sir; in relation to tho pardoning
power he had exercised.
" Question. I understand you havo made applica-
tion to him to pardon several persons, and he has
dune it?
" A nswer. Invariably, whonever I have asked a
pardon.
"Question. You thought they o(ight to be par-
doned.
" Answer. Yes, sir."
What must be thought of the cause which
drives its friends and apologists to such a sub-
terfuge?
TWO PICTWRSS-OF THH SOUTH.
We all know how much our views of public
affairs—the "times," as the phrase goes-
depends u{)on individual temperament and
habits of mind and feeling. When the com-
mittee suspended the examination of specific
facts and inquired into the general condition
of the southern country, this tendency became
very marked. Unless the witness were per-
sonally known it was impossible to place the
