1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1529
point. In the most excited discussions he re-
mained calm, and when excitement reached
the height of angry feeling, and threatened to
frustrate the objects of the Convention, he was
able to reconcile the contending parties with-
out sacrificing his own convictions. This
power was mainly exerted in his intercourse
with the members outside of the Conven-
tion, after its daily sessions were over, and
arose in great part frota the perfect confidence
in his wisdom and integrity with which he in-
spired all who knew him. The attentive reader
of the Madison Papers and the contemporary
documents will remember two occasions on
which the Convention seemed to be in danger
of ntter failure. In both Mr. Sherman exerted
all his remarkable influence to avert the catas-
trophe.
To him, more than to any other man, do we
owe the authority conferred upon Congress to
regulate commerce, without which the Union
would have been a rope of sand. To him, as
much as to any other man, do we owe the fact
that we possess a Federal and not a consolid-
ated system—a fact in which lies our most
perfect assurance of the perpetuity of repub-
lican institutions.
Mr. Sherman was a member of the House
of Representatives in the first Congress which
assembled after the adoption of the Constitu-
tion. He displayed there the same qualities
which had made him conspicuous in all the
parts of his public life. An attempt was made
in the interest of slavery to deny the right of
petition. He resisted it with great energy
and final success. On the other hand, when
a proposition was made by the opponents of
the slave trade to restrain that traffic by a duty
upon each imported negro, he opposed it,
because a duty was a tax ; a tax involved the
idea of property in the subject of taxation,
and he would not admit the possibility of
property in man. He attracted the confidence
of his associates in the House, as he had done
everywhere. Fisher Ames said :
"If I happened to be absent while a bill was
under discussion, I always felt safe in voting as Mr.
Sherman did, for he always voted right."
After a brief service as a Representative,
Mr. Sherman was elected to the Senate. The
sessions of this body were then held in secret,
and we know what occurred only by the
Journals and by contemporary anecdotes and
correspondence. It was, however, a fitting
place in which to bring hh long career of faith-
ful public service to a close. His old friends
and associates were around him. There were
those who, like him, had resisted the first
aggressions of the British Crown; with whom
he had met in the Congress of 1774, to take
counsel together how to make that resistance
successful; in whose minds, as in his own, had
grown up the conviction that it must at last
come to the bloody arbitrament of war, with
but one or two issues visible in the future—
independence or the scaffold. They could
talk of the wonderful past which they had wit-
nessed together; of the solemn signing of
the Declaration; of the dark years that fol-
lowed, in which it so often seemed that all
was lost; of the glad news of the alliance with
France ; of the dawning of peace; of the birth-
throes of the Constitution. And now it was all
over; the Republic was established; Washing-
ton was President; the future was bright. It
was time for the old patriot to die. On the 28d
day of July, 1793, at the ripe age of seventy-
two years, he closed his life in peace.
There is one word which is most expressive
and most true in its application to Mr. Sher-
man. He was, emphatically, a wise man. In
this is the explanation of the fact which I
have often alluded to, that he so surely won
the confidence of all his associates in all the
circumstances in which he was placed. " There
goes a man," said one of his fellow-members
in Congress, "who has more common sense
than any other person that I over knew."
The expression was inadequate, for common
sense is wisdom applied to the ordinary affairs
of life, and wisdom has no other name than
its own in .the administration of States and
nations ; but the anecdote is an illustration of
the impression which Mr. Sherman everywhere
created. He was not eloquent, but he con-
vinced men. He had a clear apprehension
of the relations of things, and a faculty of
making those relations clear to others; so that
he gained their permanent assent to his prop-
ositions, while the orator whom he encoun-
tered only swayed their fleeting emotions; and
his wisdom was the more influential because
he was a just man. He would not wrong a
human being, nor would he suffer a wrong to
be done if he could help it. No sharing of
responsibility with others could persuade him
to do or connive at injustice. His moral
convictions were profound and controlled all
his conduct. He said:
" If you ask me if this measure will be popular,
I answer, it will, because it is right."
He never seemed to care for popularity, but
he always seemed to be anxious to do right.
He thought of duty, not of himself, and the
people made him serve them for nearly forty
years without intermission.
The epoch in which he lived was one of
preparation for great changes in the condition
of mankind. It began when the first George
occupied the British throne, and Peter the
Great wore the imperial crown of Russia. It
terminated as the head of Louis XVI fell upon
the scaffold of revolutionary France. The
names which filled the mouths of men in the
years which intervened from 1721 to 1793,
were mostly those of kings and potentates—
George II, Louis XV, Frederick the Great,
.Catherine II, and even the feeble Philips and
Ferdinands of Spain. They cover the pages
of history, yet they were weak or dissolute,
or cruel, and their century closed with the
bloody protest of humanity against the longer
rule of such as they. We turn with a feeling
of relief from the record of their useless, or
worse than useless lives, to the contemplation
of the wise, just, and faithful man who, having
patiently served his generation, died without a
stain upon his name, and left a gracious and a
beautiful memory to his country and to man-
kind.
Mr. ANTHONY. I send to the Chair two
resolutions, and ask unanimous consent for
their present consideration.
The resolutions were read as follows:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring.) That the thanks of Congress are
presented to the Governor, and through him to the
people of the State of Connecticut for the statues
of Jonathan Trumbull and Roger Sherman, whose
names are so honorably identified with our revo-
lutionary history.
Resolved, That these works of art are accepted in
the name of the nation, and assigned a place in the
old Hall of the House of Representatives already set
aside by act of Congress for statues of eminent citi-
zens, and that a copy of this resolution,signed bythe
President of the Senate and Speaker of the House
of Representatives, be transmitted to the Governor
of Connecticut.
By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolutions.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, it is with
more than common pleasure that I offer these
resolutions, which I am sure will meet with the
unanimous vote of the Senate, welcoming to
the Pantheon of America the statues of the
two illustrious men 'whose lives and characters
have been portrayed with such eloquent, truth
and fidelity by the Senators from the State
which claims their glory. But not hers alone.
Connecticut may indeed hold their memories
in a tenderer and more affectionate veneration;
Connecticut may feel with a greater weight
the obligation which their examples and their
characters impose; but renown like theirs
passes the limits of States, and, spreading
from ocean to ocean, reaches as wide as the
ever-expanding boundaries of the Repub-
lic. Nor is it confined to the Republic, for,
in all the world, wherever constitutional free-
dom has gained a foothold, wherever in the
progress of civilization popular rights shall
find recognition and protection, the names of
Jonathan Trumbull and Roger Sherman will
be held in honorable remembrance. They
were great men at a tirpe of great men. They
towered high among their compeers when only
men of marked character rose above the sur-
face.
Mr. President, when we contemplate the
revolutionary period of oar history and the
characters of the men who made it illustrious,
we estimate higher and higher the great work
which they accomplished and the mighty hands
that performed it. And with that contempla-
tion naturally comes a higher sense of the
responsibility which the lives and the labors
of such men devolve upon those who succeed
to the inheritance which they achieved. Surely
it has not pleased the all-wise Disposer of
events to intrust to any country a larger
measure of the destinies of the future than to
ours, nor has He burdened any generation
more richly with the hopes of mankind. The
reverence in which we hold the memories of
these men, and of those like them, is no im-
perfect test ot our fidelity to their principles,
of our fidelity to our own political duties and
responsibilities.
The resolutions were unanimously adopted.
EXECUTIVE eOMMUXICATIOX.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in further compliance with the
acts of Congress, engineer reports of certain
rivers and harbors ; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
1539) to provide for a building for the use of
the post office, custom-house, pension office,
United States circuit and district courts, and
internal revenue offices at Hartford, Connec-
ticut.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills:
A bill (S. No. 363) to restore the records of
the United States-courts in the northern dis-
trict of Illinois f and
A bill (S. No. 742) to amend section thirty-
five of an act entitled ■' An act to reduce in-
ternal taxes, and for other purposes."
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills; in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 1271) to amend an act
entitled "An act granting a pension to Phcebe
Sofield, widow of Lewis Sofield
A bill (H. R. No. 1421) to reimburse John
B. Woodward for certain moneys paid by him ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1054) making appropri-
ations to supply deficiencies in the appropri-
ations for the service of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1872, and for
former years, and for other purposes ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1782) in relation to
bounties;
A bill (H. R. No. 1862) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Interior to make certain nego-
tiations with the Ute Indians in Colorado;
A bill (H. R. No. 1864) to extend the pro-
visions of the act of April 10, 1809, entitled
"An act to amend the judicial system of the
United States;"
A bill (H. R. No. 1865) for the relief of
the sureties of James T. Miller, late collector
and depositary at Wilmington, North Caro-
lina ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1866) for the relief of
Mrs. Frances A. MeKinney ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1867) for the relief of
James T. Johnston ; and
A bill (H- R' No. 1868) for the relief of
Elias C. Boudinot.
