1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4217
cent. We have here an actual reduction of
fifty-six and a quarter per cent, on this artiv
cle; and yet the Senator from Mississippi
proposes to oppose the adoption of this report,
and leave it at the old duty, which is the only
thing that is likely to come if you disagree to
this report, in aid of his constituents. I can-
not for my own part see the consistency of
such a course. This tariff bill, as it seems to
me, is one of the best tariff bills we have had
for years. We make by it a reduction of over
fifty millions of revenue, and I ask my friend
from Mississippi if he thinks he can justify
his course with his constituents when there is
proposed a reduction of over fifty millions of
taxes because in that reduction he gets only
a reduction of fifty-six per cent, in the duty
on the article in question ?
It seems to me we had better take what we
can get now, having got a very good thing.
Having reduced the duty more than one half on
this article so valuable to our constituents, it
is not worth while to defeat a bill which takes
$50,000,000 of taxes off the people on account
of the few dollars of duties we shall have to
pay on the medicine which so many of our
constituents consume.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, it is the
peculiarity of a conference report that he who
votes upon it must vote for the whole of it or
vote against the whole of it; and it is my
misfortune as to this conference report that
it not having been printed I have not been
able to examine it so as to know in regard to
all of the matters to which my attention has
been called.
I know of course that it has been presented
so that it was open to examination by one
Senator at a time since it was brought in last
evening. If I were going to assign reasons
for an attempt to recommit the report in the
hope of a change, I should have many reasons
to assign. If I were to address myself to my
reasons for not opposing it, I should be con-
fined to one, and that one would not be the
reason announced to us by the honorable Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scott.] The
Senator from Pennsylvania, if I understood
him, announced his purpose to vote for it in
view of the importance of stability touching
tariff legislation. If the honorable Senator
and myself shall live a year, time will teach,
us whether he is right or whether I am right
when we differ in this regard. My belief is
that there are matters contained in this report
■which would not be there had the conference
committee adhered to tbe position of the Sen-
ate, which will be the subjects of active con-
troversy at the next session of Congress. I
fear the Senator from Pennsylvania will be
sadly disappointed if he thinks this bill will
compose permanently in the sense of stability
the questions which it embraces. My fears
and my judgment teach me otherwise.
But, Mr. President, I have said virtually
that I would not ask the Senate to hear from
me a statement of reasons upon which I
should act were I to make the attempt to
recommit the report to the committee in the
hope of its coming back changed. I will
address myself lor one moment to the only
reason which could lead me to vote for it, the
only reason that could induce me to withhold
an effort to change it, if I thought it was pos-
sible to obtain any change. That reason is
the anxiety I feel to dismiss and diminish
taxes. The report of the conference com-
mittee locating and adjusting the diminution
as I should not have done, as I regret deeply
in some respects the committee has done,
nevertheless promises a dismissal of fifty-three
millions annually of taxation. I ask the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania whether I am right in
this ?
Mr. SCOTT. That is the statement of the
chairman of the committee.
Mr. CONKLlNGr. The chairman of the
committee is now in his place. I was say-
ing that, as I understand, the report of the
committee promises a reduction of taxes of
$53,000,000 annually.
Mr. SHERMAN. Something over that.
Before the Senator from New York came in
I sent to the reporter's desk an official state-
ment of the result of the conference, made up
by the proper officers of the Treasury, for the
purpose of publication in the Globe.
Mr. CONKLlNGr. I wish I had heard that;
but it was my misfortune not to be in at the
moment. Will my friend be good enough to
tell me, dividing between customs duties and
internal tax, what the reduction is ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The general result is
that the House bill proposed a reduction of
§43,000,000, of which $29,000,000 were on the
tariff and the balance on the internal revenue.
The Senate Finance Committee increased the
reduction to $54,000,000, of which about two
millions was added to the tariff reduction and
the rest to the internal revenue, principally by
the repeal of the stamp act. The result of the
conference report is to restore the tobacco tax
to twenty cents, thus throwing off $4,000,000
more on tobacco, and to restore certain stamp
duties making the general result a reduction
of fifty-three million and some hundred thou-
sand dollars of which about thirty-one millions
are of tariff duties.
Mr. CONKLING. Thus we have presented
to us the alternative of voting for or against
the reduction of taxes, all told, of about fifty-
three million dollars, thirty million dollars
or thereabouts relating to the tariff and the
residue relating to the internal taxes. For
myself I confess that sadly perverse must be
any bill which accomplishes this purpose at
this time, the provisions of which would war-
raut me in voting against it. Therefore I say,
in refraining from any opposition to this re-
port, in abstaining from any motion to recom-
mit it, feeling as I do—and I should not dis-
charge my duty did I not say it—that great
injustice has been done to some of the interests
embraced in this bill, interests of great import-
ance to the people whom I represent; feeling
that, I cannot justify myself in the vain attempt
at this stage of the session to get another bill
or in the other attempt to defeat this bill with
an improbability of any other.
Therefore, Mr. President, abstaining as I
shall from all opposition, I ground my action,
and shall excuse rayseif for my action with
those who look to me to represent their views,
which are adverse in particulars to those now
presented, by the fact that this is the oppor-
tunity, in all probability the only opportunity
for which we can hope at this session to strike
down taxes. I have said before, and I repeal,
that I know of nothing lying within the do-
main of our legislative power now, so just, so
important, so urgent, so imperative as to take
from the hands of labor the weights by which
they are burdened, to emancipate the people
from the unnecessary and excessive taxation
which rests upon them. There shall be found
my excuse for refraining from opposition to
the bill which contains many provisions that
1 regret, and which contains omissions that I
think might be applied with great advantage
to the public interest.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I desire to
say that this bill contains many things that I
like and some things that I would not like to
have in it. It is not a perfect bill; and I pre-
sume no one who favors it himself would vin-
dicate it as such ; but it is the best bill that
can be had at this time. Indeed, I may go
further and say that it is the only bill which
can be had at this time. Now, unless the
Senate is disposed to renounce all legislation
on the tariff, it must accept this bill.
But I find a special motive, not unlike that
which the Senator from New York has found.
It is that this bill is measurably, not sufficiently,
but measurably, a reduction of taxation. It
is one stage on that great highway. It is,
I was about to say, the beginning of that end,
though it is not precisely the beginning, for
we have already commenced t.he reduction of
taxation ; but it is one step and a very import-
ant step. It is a step from which there can
be no retreat. Therefore to that extent was
the Senator from Pennsylvania right when he
found in this bill a certain assurance of sta-
bility. The stability which I find is that tax-
ation is to be lower instead of higher, that
the rule which this bill follows is to be con-
tinued until our taxation is really adapted to
the condition of our country, which I insist at
this time it is not.
It is now nearly two years ago, certainly a
year and a half ago, since from this place in
the Senate I raised the cry, "Down with the
taxes." Senators remember the echo that
came from the country. " Down with the
taxes" was heard from the North and the
South, from the East and the West. At last
it found a voice in this Chamber; and now
again as I declare my adhesion to this bill, I
repeat the cry, " Down with the taxes," and
let this bill be an earnest for the future.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would really like to
ask my friend from Massachusetts if he sup-
poses his cry, which I remember distinctly
now, had anything to do with the reduction
of taxes? Did it bring it about, or cause it,
or result in it? But I will not go into that.
I will only state that this bill is the result of
careful and patient labor. It is not the result
of declamation or talk or long speeches, but
simply of the careful, patient labor of two
committees of the two bodies of Congress, the
members of which have said probably less on
the subject than a great many others who have
had less to do with it. I hope now we shall
vote without further debate.
The report was concurred in.
ORANGE AND ALEXANDRIA RAILROAD.
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. President 
Mr. WRIGHT. Will the Senator yield to
me to make a statement? And if he then
insists on his bill I will give way.
Mr. LEWIS. I heard the Senator's explan-
ation awhile ago; and I stand exactly in the
same position with himself; I must leave this
evening. I report from the Committee on the
District of Columbia the bill (H. R. No. 2847)
to authorize the Orange, Alexandria, and
Manasses Railroad Gompany to run trains and
tiansport freight and passengers within tbe
District of Columbia, without amendment,
and I ask that it be put on its. passage. I do
not say a word in its favor, though I could say
much. There is no objection to the bill.
The bill was read.
Mr. STOCKTON. Has that bill been taken
up ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. As-
thojjy in the chair.) It is subject to objection.
Mr. STOCKTON. I do not know that I
have any objection to the bill; but it was
shown to me this morning in the committee-
room of the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, and while I was glancing over
it the Senate met. I have not had an oppor-
tunity of examining it. I am in favor of giving
every facility to these railroads; but I think
the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds ought to know what the bill is before
it is acted on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from New Jersey object to the present
consideration of the bill ?
Mr. STOCKTON. Yes, sir.
FREDERICK BOiSIIMXER.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, by the
understanding of the Senate 
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
from Delaware will allow me, I have never yet
known reasonable courtesy denied a member
of this body. My colleague has stated that on
account of extreme illness m his family he will
be compelled to leave for his home this after-
noon.
Mr. BAYARD. That is quite sufficient,
sir, I yield.
