4218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire to call up Senate
bill No. 884.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 884) for the relief of the
sureties of Frederick Boehmler, of the State
of Iowa. It provides that a certain judgment
rendered in the district court for the district
of Iowa, at the city of Dubuque, at the April
term, 1870, and rendered final in October of
that year, for the sum of $4,000 against Fred-
erick Boehmler and his sureties upon his
bond, to appear to answer an indictment
against him for stealing money from letters at
Cedar Falls, while postmaster at that place,
be satisfied and canceled as to the sureties,
and the proper officers are to enter satisfac-
tion thereon; but the sureties are to pay all
costs in the case, including the fees of the
attorneys of the United States.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I should like to have
that bill explained. Why should the securi-
ties be relieved ?
Mr. WRIGHT. I tvil 1 make the explana-
tion. Frederick Boehmler was postmaster at
Cedar Falls, in Iowa, and while such postmas-
ter he was charged witli opening letters and
taking money therefrom. He was indicted
accordingly ; and his father, together with sev-
eral of his neighbors, became his • sureties.
Under an assurance that he would certainly
attend they rested easy. His sureties had
no question that he would attend. It seems
that, upon the day on which he was to appear
he failed to enter an appearance, and a for-
feiture was taken of his recognizance, the
recognizance being in the sum of $4,000.
The father, however, made every effort, to-
gether with the detectives, to find the son, but
was unable to do so. Suit was brought upon
that bond and a judgment recovered. The
father paid every dollar that had been taken
from the letters to the persona that were en-
titled to it, so that there has been no loss to
individuals whatever. This son, together with
four others, were in the Union Army. The
father bad five sons in the Union Army, and
they all lived to return home. Every dollar
that the father had was taken to make good
the money that had been abstracted by tho
son.
Now, if this judgment, is insisted on, it must
be recovered of the lather or the other sure-
ties ; and the father, who is an old man, will
be required for the remaining portion of his
life to make good this loss if possible. The
district, judge and the district attorney join in
the requt si that this judgment shall bo released,
it being provided I lint the Government shall lose
no dollar so far as expenses aio concerned by
this bill; and all the expenses of the court, in-
cluding the fees of the attorneys, are to be
paid by the individuals, and it is simply asked
that the Government shall release this judg-
ment so far as the sureties are concerned. Of
course, if the sou shall be able to pay it, it
still holds good against him.
There is a report here from tho Committee
on Post Ollices and Post Roads in favor of
this bill.and setting forth the facts that I have
thus briefly slated.
Mr. ROBERTSON. The explanation is
very satisfactory, and I withdraw all objection.
The bill was reported to the Senate without,
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
john s. cohlktt.
Mr. WRIGHT. I now ask the indulgence
of the Senate to proceed to the consideration
of House bill No. 855.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (II. R. No. 853) granting a
pension to John S. Corlett. It provides for
placing on the pension-roll, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of John -S. Corlett, late a teamster
in the service of the United States, and that
he shall be paid the pension of a private from
and after the passage of the act, and that he
shall be entitled to the benefits of all laws now
in force relative to furnishing to disabled sol-
diers of bis class artificial limbs, or commuta-
tion therefor.
Mr. PRATT. I inquire of the Senator from
Iowa whether that bill has been referred to
the Committee on Pensions?
Mr. WRIGHT. It was referred and reported
adversely.
Mr. PRATT. On what ground was it
reported adversely?
Mr. WRIGHT. In this case the report of
the Committee on Pensions was adverse t.0 the
bill, and I will state the case very briefly to the
Senate 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony.) The morning hour has'expired and
it becomes the duty of the Chair to call up the
unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to pass that over informally.
Mr. POMEROY. I have a resolution to
offer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is asked
that the unfinished business be passed over
informally.
Mr. PRATT. I am constrained to object.
The chairman of the Committee on Pensions
is not in his seat. I did not report tho bill
myself, otherwise I would endeavor to answer
the Senator's objections. The chairman is not
present, and I hope the Senator will let the bill
lie over.
Mr. WRIGHT. I should certainly do it if
I could remain in the Senate. But I will
state to the Senator from Indiana that I called
the attention of the Senator from Vermont to
this bill, and told him I desired to call it up
at as early a day as possible. He said very
well j that while he should prefer to be pres-
ent when it was considered, if he should not
be I need not delay it. 1 do not want to
insist, upon it if there is an objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to continuing the consideration of
the bill just read?
Mr. PRATT. I think I must object until
the chairman of the Committee on Pensions
is present.
Mr. WRIGHT. Then, Mr. President, I
do not like to do it, and L certainly do not wish
to do so against the wishes of the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations, but I
believe the appropriation bill is the regular
order and I move-  
The PRES1D1NG OFFICER. The regular
order is the bill (II. R. No. 094) to prevent
cruelty to animals while in transit by railroad
or other means of transportation within the
United States, the unfinished business of yes-
terday; and the question is on the motion to
lay that bill on the table.
M r. POMEROY'. That cannot be debated.
Mr. ALCORN. I desire to make an inquiry
of the Chair. Do I understand the unfinished
business that is asked to be postponed to be
the bill in regard to a judicial district in Mis-
sissippi which was yesterday under discussion?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The unfin-
ished business is the bill which was under con-
sideration at the adjournment last night, a bill
to prevent cruelly to animals.
Mr. WRIGHT. The Senator from New
Jersey who has that bill in charge is not pres-
ent, and I trust there will be no objection to
passing that over and letting me dispose of
this pension bill.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope nobody will rely-
on the absence of the Senator from New Jersey,
foi be is very anxious that the bill shall be
considered, and I presume he will be in his
seat in a moment.
Mr. WRIGHT. I do not ask that it lie on
the table, but merely that it be passed over
informally.
Mr. CONKLING. I will not object to pass-
ing it over informally, but I do want action on
that, bill. I have tried to get. it up myself
several times.
Mr. CASSERLY. What is the effect of its
going over informally ?
The PRESIDING OFEICER. It is sub-
ject to be called up by any Senator at any
time.
Mr. CASSERLY. I object, to passing it
over informally.
Mr. STOCKTON. I rise to withdraw the
objection I made to the Orange and Alexan-
dria railroad bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa
to proceed with the consideration of the bill
just read—the bill (H. R. No. 855) granting
a pension to John S. Corlett.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The Committee on
Pensions, to whom that bill was referred, I
understand have reported adversely upon the
bill. The bill was fully examined in commit-
tee. It does not come within that class of
eases that the committee felt it their duty to
report favorably upon. They have examined
this whole subject; and there are thousands,
I might say tens of thousands of cases fully as
worthy where persons are entitled as much as
this gentleman is to a pension ; and if we do
not have some regard for the action of the
committee who are guarding this pension fund
as best they can against imposition, we may
have our pension list increased to double what
it is at present. I hope, therefore, that there
will be some respect paid to the action of this
committee. I make this remark in the absence
of the chairman of the committee, knowing
that if he were here he would oppose the bill
as a measure that had been acted upon by the
committee, and in the judgment of the com-
mittee was not entitled to tavorable consider-
ation.
Mr. PRATT. I inquire of the Senator
from Iowa if the case of Mr. Corlett is thai
of a teamster who was not enlisted in the ser-
vice of the United States?
Mr. WRIGHT. I have the whole facts here,
and as soon as 1 can get an opportunity I will
state them.
Mr. PRATT. Very well.
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire to state to the
Senate the exact facts in this ease. Mr. Cor-
.lett was enlisted and sworn into the service
of tho Government as a teamster—that is ad-
mitted ; this was at St. Louis—by Mr. Diinond,
who was the chief Government agent at St.
Louis for such purposes. He went from St.
Louis to llolla, Missouri. There he joined a
supply train connected with that portion of the
Army under General Curtis. From Rolla he
went to Batesville, and from Batesville to
Helena. On the way from Batesville to Helena,
his team taking fright, he was thrown between
the mules and had his leg crushed. He was
mustered in as a teamster on the 29th of April,
1H02, and was injured about the 1st of July,
j802. He was treated at the post hospital at
Helena, and be remained there until the 1st
of October, 18G2, when he retained to St.
Louis, and at St. Louis, in January, 1803, he
was admitted into the hospital at that place,
and remained until the 22d of December,
1863, when his right leg was amputated. He
remained in this hospital until March 14,1804,
when he was discharged.
There is no question whatever as to the
injury, nor as to the circumstances under
which it occurred. There is no question as to
the excellent character of this man, for it is
vouched for by many of the leading citizens
of his town and county. Of course I under-
stand perfectly well that if this man fell within
the law allowing pensions in these cases, there
would be no necessity for coming here; but
he comes here because of the extraordinary
hardships of the case. The Senator from
Delaware says that if you are to increase your
pension list by such cases as this there will be
no end to it. I have a case here that was
passed by the Senate last week. I know the
