582
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 30,
Ho. oj Bbps.
Ku Klux Outrages—Mr. Maynard.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
just value upon his testimony. As a rule, the
old were much more somber, desponding, and
querulous than the young.
To illustrate, I extract almost at random
two examples from the Florida testimony.
The one is from the evidence of a Captain
"Wilder, a witness for the minority, who avouch
him as an honest man, respectable in appear-
ance, perfectly polite and gentlemanly in his
demeanor, to whom the people of Florida
are indebted for li an exceeding pleasant, well-
kept hotel." He is sixty-nine years of age,
and evidently has " seen an end of all perfec-
tion. " Some men reach a period of life when
the world all goes wrong and everybody is in
fault. Captain Wilder seems to have reached
it. This is the witness relied upon to blacken
the State government as a whole, and with
an exception or two every official, including
Senators of the United States. Here is his
desponding view, (page 25G,:)
" Question. What do you think, after experiment
and trial, has been the result of giving the negroes
the elective franchise and the right to hold office?
"Answer. I was sorry to see it at first, for they
were not fit for it; but it was the only remedy against
the secesh vote, which was right the other way.
"When I first eame here I should have been driven
out of the State within the first six months if I had
not asserted my rights. We could not have any con-
trol or peace here if there was no influence but that
of the southern people.
" Question. Well, after the trial that has been
made, what is your opinion of giving the negroes
the right to voto; has it been a success or a failure?
'4Answer. Well, sir, neither, in my opinion. Iwas
sorry to see it until they were better qualified. But
I beiiove it was a necessity, and has been a benefit.
It was about tho only thing to bring the southern
people to their senses, and I am glad to see it.
" Question. Do you think it is any longer neces-
sary that they should bo allowed to voto ?
" Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question, How long will that necessity continue?
"Answer. As long as they live; they will becomo
informed and get qualified, faster than the poor
whites.
Question. Suppose the secesh element had ac-
quiesced in the authority of the Government, and
had not kept up this hostile a d bitter opposition to
it, do you think it would have boen wise, in that
case, to let the colored people vote?
"Answer. I do not think there would havo been
any occasion for it. X always deprecated it until
they could be put on probation for awhile.
"Question. I wish to get your opinion, whether
they aro fit for self-governraont.
"Answer. No, sir; but 1 think they aro as well
qualified as one half ot the white people here are.
I do not think they ought to havo tho control of this
State, nor yet the whites. One is about as good as
tho other, X havo seen as much moanness on the
part of the whites as on the imrt of the colored peo-
ple: they aro as easily bought up.
" Question. Do you confine your opinion to theso
people in charge of the State government, who, you
say, aro so dishonost and corrupt, or do you extend
it to others ?
"Answer. To everybody that participates and
l>ack>5 them up.
" Quwtion. Vou say there is a class of white peo-
ple who aro Quito as unworthy as the blacks ?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
^ Question. Is that a large class in this State?
"Answer. Quite a considerable class; whatwecall
poor whites.
" Qwstion. At© they new comers or old rcsidonts?
"Answer. Old residents.
"Question. Then how many people do you think
there are in tho State of Florida—what proportion
of tho poople here—aro capablo of being intiusted
witli self-government?
"Answer. It would be mere guess-work. I donot
think I could give a very intelligent answer to that
question. But my opinion is that one half of the
colored and white are unfit, for they are ignorant,
and do not know what is for their best interests.
These demagogues go about and deceive them, and
get them to vote them inlo office and power. They
will promise them a thousand things which they will
never get.
" Question. Is that peculiar to Florida?
" Answer. I do not know but it is so in other
States. I havehad more experience in this State and
in Virginia, but they had no privilege of voting there
then.
"Question. You took part in politics before you
came here?
"Answer. Yes,sir.
"Question. You have spoken of General Butler.
During the past summer, he has been making a
pretty severe arraignment of the State officials of
Massachusetts, has he not?
"Anstver. Yes, sir; and very justly, I think.
Question. You think they are amenable to the
same sort of censure as the officials of Florida aro ?
"Answer. In a sense they are, X am ashamed to say.
"Question. His arraignment of them has been quite
as severe as yours of the officials of Florida ?
44 Ansxoer I think it has, and I do not think he has
said ten words there that were not true. I do not
believe in many things he has said and taught, but
I do really think with him about that policy. You
will see it in New York, more or less—the policy of
officeholders and managers. When they have been
in office a great while, and have control, they cut,
and carve, and parcel out. You see how they be-
trayed the temperance people, opening their beer-
shops and grog-shops, as they do in London, to de-
grade the people."
In striking contrast every way are the
cheerful and hopeful sentiments expressed by
Mr. Gibbs, the youthful secretary of State, a
worthy colored gentleman, confessedly of great
ability. After testifying to the evidence filed in
his office of the disturbed condition of the
State, he is asked, (page 223
" Question. What is the condition of your people
generally in this State ?
"Answer. Notwithstanding the difficulties that
have occurred, I really believe that the colored peo-
ple of Florida are better off than they are in any
other southern State; I believe there is more lib-
erty, more personal freedom for them here; that
they are doing better, notwithstanding there has
been that slaughter. I think that so far as the
whites are concerned, the poorer class of whites, I
honestly believe to-day that there is a large class of
whites who are in a more hopeless condition in Flor-
ida than the blacks are, and particularly in the coun-
ties of Taylor, La Fayette, Sumter, and counties of
that description, in which their lived during the
war a class of men known as Union men. In Tay-
lor and La Fayette counties there took place what
was called the Campficld raid. There were a num-
ber of men who ran away from the confederate
army and went to their families in Taylor and La
Fayette counties. Tho troops made a raid on those
people, burned up their houses, drove them out,
took the wives and daughters of those men and car-
ried them off, and put them in a stockade near Tal-
lahassee, where they suffered very much. Now, in
those counties at tho present time, tho persecution
that has been carried on there is between what we
call the Democracy and the Union men. They swear
that no Union man or Republican shall live in those
counties. Mr. Krcraingcr was killed there. Many
times he has said to me that those men had sworn
that no Union man should live in that county. lie
said over and over again that at times he was very
much alarmed. At one time he wrote to me-that
they had threatened to burn his house and shoot
him as he ran out.
"Question, How about schools for your people ?
"Answer. We have at least two schools in this
State that are rather above the average of common
schools among the freedmen ; they are doing in that
particular pretty well in view of the circumstances.
"Question. Where do you get your teachers?
Most of them come from the North.
"Question. How aro they received by the citizens
here ?
"Answer. They are badly received. I think we have
thirty-one schools open in Leon county ; there are a
number of white teachers there, and they are ostra-
cised altogether; the people do not recognize them,
have nothing to do with them, and talk of them as
though they were the offscouring of the earth ; that
is a common thing.
"Question. What is the feeling among the same
class in respect to people of your color owning
land ?
"Answer. I think the feeling in that respect is
moderating; I think the opposition to their owning
land is not so great as it was some time ago. I think
there is a change in many rospects for the better ;
it is coming around slowly; I think there is a
marked change observable."
It is not difficult to decide which witness is
the more reliable, assuming both to be equally
honest.
THE PRESS AN1) THE TELEGRAPH.
Before concluding this painful subjeet, let
me add a word touching the influence of the
southern Democratic press, and the use made
of the telegraph. It is certainly matter for
reflection that the press, whose freedom is so
jealously guarded in the organic law, should
so often become the instrument and the apolo-
gist of oppression, and that the telegraph, the
triumph of modern science, should, as the swift
messenger of falsehood, be capable of such
mischief. Much evidence will be found to
furnish food for serious thought in connection
with these giant agencies. One of the wit-
nesses examined by the sub-committee was
Mr. B. Sawyer, editor of the Rome Courier,
a Democratic paper, page 878-007. Rome is
an important city in northwest Georgia, and
has two Democratic papers. I append a ifew
extracts. This from the Commercial, Febru-
ary 17, 1871, page 886:
" The Ku Klucc Klan.—An article in which the
editor speaks his mind very plainly.—A few words
of soberness and. truth with you, good friends, then
we drop this subject.
"It is a pretty well acknowledged fact that 'ICu
Klux outrages' beat Seymour and Blair in the elec-
tion of 1868. We do not mean by this that the
actions of the Ku IClux in themselves effected this
disaster, but the construction and exaggeration put
upon them by the scalawags in the South and
scoundrels in the North did do it.
"Tho Radical party are evidently determined to
make the next race upon the same basis. The send-
ing out of the southern outrage committee, at an
expense of $20,000, is the first step in the schedule.
" It is absolutely necessary that these corpse-hunt-
ing, grave-yard ransackers be met and baffled. We
should give them no grounds upon which to base a
bloody report, or the campaign of '72 will duplicate
the disaster of '68.
"Ilence, the Commercial, as a guardian of the
good of the public, appeals to those of its friends
who have any connection whatever with secret organ-
izations, to remain perfectly quiet and'orderly, for the
present at any rate. Let there be no suspicion of
disorder or lawlessness ; let there be no parading of
disguised men, no stopping of innocent men and
forcing them to dance; this is all child's play and
foolishness." ***•[.
"Above all, let there benoidie vaunting, no coast-
ing about the country for mere buncombc. Remem-
ber, brothers, that the strength and power of any secret
organization rests in, the attribute of mystery and hidden
force, and in the fact that upon the thousand hilh of
our count)'}/ a legion of brave hearts that are throbbing
Quietly can be called together by a tiny signal, and when
the work is done, can melt away into shadowy nothing.
Every time you act you weaken your strength; then
be quiet. If an inexorable necessity calls for action,
act promptly, with decision, and do nothing more
than is absolutely necessary."
The special message of the President calling
our attention to the Ku Klux outrages, as this
paper properly though derisively styles them,
will be remembered as a temperate document,
very guarded in expression. The following
states the principal fact;
" A condition of affairs now exists in some of the
States of the Union rendering life and property in-
secure, and carrying the mails and the collection of
the revenue dangerous. "
In the Courier of March 25, 1871, this
passage is introduced with the following by the
editor, page 882:
" 1 And the Ass Opened his Mouth and Spalce.'—The
waning chances of Butler's Ku Klux outrage has at
length operated upon the thick tongue of our still
thicker headed President like an extra glass of his
favorite burst head, and he has again unsealed the
silence of his lips, and spoken to Congress in behalf
of old Spooney's designs upon the southern people.
" Oppression and outrage is so sweet to tho tyrant
that Grant could not bear the thought of seeing
Congress adjourn withoutgiving him extraordinary
powers to oppress our people, and with a lie on his
tongue and the poison of asps under his lips, he
thus appeals to tho Radical hatred to grant liis
request."
The following significant admonition ap-
peared in the Commercial, page 882:
''Congress starts out a southern outrage commit-
tee in a day or two to look through tho South and
pick up Ku Klux items. The Rads evidently intend
to run the next campaign on an ' outrage ' basis, and
wo deploro anything that gives them footing. So
let our young men he prudent
The same paper, soon after the Chicago fire,
indulged in this strain, (page 889 :)
"Good.—1The infamous emancipation proclamation
was burned by a merciful Providence in the late fire
at Chicago. The writer of this proclamation was
burned by the devil, long, long ago. Let us pray."
The Courier of July 1, 1871, leaves no room
for misunderstanding it, (page 889 :)
" Thus, the President, being a military commander
has the right in certain cases to declare martial law,
and to suspend the writ of habeas corpus, and it is
precisely just such cases as the Ku Klux bill de-
scribes. That bill declares the necessity of exercis-
ing this right, although we all know that its every
premise was false, and that every member of Congress
who voted for that measure was in his secret soul a per-
jured traitor, yet it stands before the world vested
with all the sanctity of judicial indorsement, and is
independent even ol the recent amendments."
The same paper of September 28, 1871, uses
language respecting the Ku Klux trials in
North Carolina which leaves no reason to
doubt on which side its sympathies were
ranged, (page 887:)
" The North Carolina Ku Klux Trials.—We pub-
lish elsewhere the charge of Judge Bond, and the ver-
