1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4219
extraordinary care of this Committee on Pen-
sions, and I know how watchful they are of
all these cases ; but, in the case of Martha G.
Rudolph, as I have it from the memorandum
before me, she was the widow of a wagon-
master, simply hired, and never mustered or
enlisted. The House passed a bill, and the
Senate concurred in it, giving the widow a
pension. If that is right, I ask in the case of
Corlett who was sworn into the service and in
the service went into hospital and there had
his leg amputated, what reasou there is for
denying a pension to him?
Mr. SAULSBURY. The Senator will allow
me to state that I understand it was the cus-
tom to swear all theemploy6s connected with
the Army, the teamsters and everybody else,
during the war, for the purpose of preventing
any person coming there and disclosing what
ought not to be made known to the enemy. It
was customary to swear them ; but these
teamsters were not sworn into the service of
the country as a soldier is sworn.
There is this further distinction: teamsters
were paid something like sixty dollars a month,
and the soldier was paid thirteen dollars a
month. He went into this service in consid-
eration of the extra pay he got; he was not
performing the duty of a soldier, and it is
upon this principle that the committee have
excluded that class of claims. I hope the bill
will be rejected.
Mr. COLE. I call for the regular order.
There is a bill in which several millions are
interested, and a little bill in which one indi-
vidual is interested should not take its place.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from California calls for the regular order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope the
Senator from California will allow morning
business.
Mr. HARLAN. This bill has been taken
up by a vote of the Senate. Let a vote be
taken. If the Senate will not allow a teamster
who has lost his leg in driving a mule team a
pension, it is well enough for the country to
know it.
Mr. COLE. If the business of the whole
country is to be suspended for such a matter, I
think we ought to know it.
Mr. HARLAN. The bill has been taken
up regularly by a vote.
Mr. PRATT, if there is a report in the
ease 1 should like to have it read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The regular
order is called for.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask the Senator from
California to let me have a vote on this bill. I
will not say another word.
Mr. COLE. I do not object to that, but I
object to interminable discussion on matters
of this kind.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the bill be re-
committed to the Committee on Pensions,
with the statement ot facts which the Senator
from Iowa has made to the Senate for recon-
sideration.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—aves 18, noes 16; no quorum voting.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a
quorum in the Chamber if Senators will vote.
The Chair will put the question again and ask
Senators to vote.
The question being put, there were—ayes
24, noes 19 ; so the motion was agreed to.
repeal or a rule.
Mr. POMEROY. I offer a resolution for
consideration.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There are a
few reports to be made that will not require
present action, and such reports I think ought
to be received.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 offer the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That in the consideration of the sundry
civil appropriation bill ''1E' this session the restrict-
ive lule confining amendments to matters directly
relating to appropriations in the bili shall not
apply.
I want to remark in a word that the sundry
civil bill, the last appropriation bili, contains
the odds and ends of all the appropriations,
miscellaneous matters; but if you apply the
restrictive rule to it you cannot get any of
them on.
Mr. THURMAN. That is "a consumma-
tion devoutly to be wished." I object to the
consideration of that resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will go
over.
Mr. POMEROY. You object to everything
the committee put on.
.Mr. THURMAN. I object to that resolu-
tion.
amendments to appropriation bill.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. Mr. MORRILL of
Maine, and Mr. SAWYER submitted amend-
ments intended to be proposed by them to the
bill (H. R. No. 2705) making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the fiscal year ending June 30,1873, and for
other purposes; which were referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr.McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the resolution of the
House of Representatives to print extra copies
of the " case" presented by the Government
of her Britannic Majesty to the tribunal of
arbitration, and the resolution of the House
of Representatives to print extra copies of the
President's message of April 20, 1872, trans-
mitting the British counter case under the
treaty of Washington.
The message also announced that the House
insisted upon its amendment to the bili (S.
No. 508) for the relief of certain tribes of In-
dians in the northern snperintendency, agreed
to the conference asked by the Senate on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. John* P. C. Shanks
of Indiana, Mr. John Tavfe of Nebraska, and
Mr. John H. Crebs of illiuois, managers at
the same on its part.
The message further announced that the
House insisted upon its amendments to the
bill (S. No. 984) granting the right of way
through the public lands to the Denver and
Ilio Grande Railroad Company, agreed to the
conference asked by the Senate on the disa
greeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. John H. ketchamot New
York, Mr. Washington Townsend of Penn-
sylvania, and Mr. Benjamin T. Bigss, of Del-
aware, managers at the same on its part,.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 399) to amend an
act entitled "An act to establish a uniform
system of bankruptcy throughout the United
States."
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. -No. 99G) to re
peal so much of section six of an act entitled
"An act making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending June 30,
1870, and forother purposes," approved March
3, 1809, as prohibits promotions in the staif
departments of the Army, with amendments ;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills; in which it
requested the concurience of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 2G89) creating an addi-
tional land district in the Territory of Ari-
zona ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2967) to remove the
political disabilities of George S. Houston,
Joseph Wheeler, John A. Campbell, James
L. Pugh, and John R. Burtwell, of Alabama.
The message also announced that the House
had returned to the Senate, agreeably to its
request, the bill (H. Ii. No. 2033) amendatory
of an act approved march 2, 18tS7, entitled
"An act amendatory of an act to provide a
temporary government for the Territory of
Montana," approved May 2G, 1864.
oranoe and alexandria railroad.
Mr. LEWIS. I ask that the vote be taken
on the bill which I reported; the Senator
from New Jersey withdraws his objection.
It is House bill No. 2847, to authorize the
Orange, Alexandria, and Manassas Railroad
Company to run trains and transport freight
and passengers withm the District of Colum-
bia.
By unanimous consent, the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill makes it lawful for the Orange, Alex-
andria, and Manassas Railroad Company, a
corporation chartered under the laws of the
State of Virginia, to exercise its functions as
a common carrier, and transport passengers
and freight withm the District of Columbia,
and for this purpose to run locomotives and
trains upon and over the bridge which has been
constructed by the Baltimore and Potomac
Railroad Company across the Potomac river
at the western terminus of Maryland avenue,
in the city of Washington, upon the terms and
conditions prescribed in the act of Congress
granting to the Baltimore and Potomac Rail-
road Company the privilege to construct and
operate the bridge. The company may put
down a single track along Maryland avenue
from its western terminus to its intersection
with the Washington canal, now in process
of being filled up, and thence by a curve south-
wardly along the ground heretofore occupied
by the canal to the intersection of D or E
streets south, as may be determined by the
engineer in charge of the public buildings and
grounds, and thence along one of those streets
by a tunnel under the public grounds east of
the Capitol building, upon such route and in
such manner as the engineer may prescribe,
to Second or Third street east; thence along'
Second or Third street east to the line of the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad ; and the track
of the railroad, except so much thereof as is
laid in the tunnel or its approaches, shall con-
form to the grade of the streets as shall be
prescribed by IheBoard of Public Works. Any
damage caused to the property of individuals
by the construction of the railroad are to be
paid by the Orange, Alexandria, and Manassas
Railroad Company ; and that company is to
pay to the District of Columbia one half of
the cost of arching the Washington canal
from Maryland avenue to the street on which
the railroad track enters the tunnel. Nothing
contained in the bill is to be construed to grant
to the company the light to establish a depot
along the avenue or streets named until con-
sent for the same has first been obtained from
the Legislative Assembly of the District of
Columbia.
Congress is to have the right to regulate the
rates of faro collected by the company from
passengers, and the rates of charge for trans-
porting freight. The rates of charge for the
transportation of freight per ton per mile for all
freight passing into the District of Columbia
on the railroad shall be not more than the
rateK charged per ton per mile on that part of
the Orange, Alexandria, and Manassas rail-
road not in the District; and all property
owned by the company within the District is
to be subject to taxation by the proper muni-
cipal authority, and Washington city is to be
considered as a terminal point, and entitled to
all 'he privileges and facilities of any other
terminal points on the road.
The company is to give to other railroad
companies connecting with it the right to pass
through and use the tunnel on such reasonable
terms as may be agreed upon between the
respective parties or as Congress prescribes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not ob-
ject to the passage of the bill. I have already
been run over by one railroad ; I do not pro-
pose to put my head under another. [Laugh-
