1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2427
names of Presidents Lincoln, Bolivar, and Wash-
ington, in the heroic history of republicanism in
America."
That address, or that part of it which I have
read, discloses the views which Mr. Seward
has about Mexico, that inevitably she must
have an independent existence, and that we
ought to recognize this fact in all our inter-
course with her, and that she may justly
expect from us all the sympathies which one
republic is bound to extend to another. There
were none upon this continent, I trust, who
sympathized with the attempt made to subju-
gate Mexico. While we might have had Max-
imilian spared, perhaps, from the violent death
that overtook him, yet there was not given to
him one particle of sympathy by any true
lover of republican institutions in this coun-
try. He was regarded by us all as an invader,
and as such condemned by us from the begin-
ning to the end of his tragic career; aDd while
we pronounce the words '"poor Carlotta"
with sorrow, yet we have no forgiveness for
tlie invasion of a portion of this continent
of ours, destined with us to republicanism,
and to republicanism alone.
Benito Juarez is a Oaxaca Indian, was edu-
cated for the church, and isaliberal Catholic,
lie subsequently studied law, and finally was
chief justice of the supreme court of the re-
public. He is a strong man, a man of abili-
ties, of dogged determination, firm, resolute,
and dating, and there are but few better men
in any country, and there have been but few
in any age who stand out and challenge our
admiration as does President Juarez. He
said: " lot the church lose its civil power, and
have alone its ecclesiastical power; let the i
wealth of the convents and the monasteries be '
confiscated; let the wealth of the church be
poured into the treasuryof the country.'' And
$400,000,000 have, from this source, been car-
ried into the federal treasury.
It has, therefore, been a war from that time
to this between the Church party and the Liberal
party, headed by Juarez. It has not been a war
against the church as such. Juarez himself
is a Catholic, but it has been a war against
the civil power of the church, and against the
sequestration of wealth lor the benefit of the
church. This has been the struggle, this has
been the contest, and no sooner had Juarez
taken his seat than Miramon with his asso-
ciates visited Madrid and Paris. Isabella and
Eugenie were approached and besought to
interest themselves in behalf of the church, in
the struggle which was then commencing.
Miramon remained in Paris and in Madrid
until the invasion was inaugurated, and then
came with the invaders as a guide to point out
the way, that these invaders might ruin his
native land and bring it under foreign subju-
gation. He died along with Maximilian, and
ni the same way, without sympathy anywhere,
a traitor to his country, as he was all the time
from 1859 to the hour'ui which he fell.
I will read the following extract, from the
recent work to which I have alluded, giving _a
description of Juarez, the great leader in this
national struggle :
"llf impresses you a« one who moves slowly, but
with irresistible force, and is capable of any sacri-
fice .u.rt any expenditure of time, money, or blood
to cai rv our, his plans when once adopted. W he^her
entertaining the nation's gaests, as we saw him on
tins night, when thousands ot eyes were upon him,
sitting in his bare-walled room at tl Paso del
.Norte. with a price upon his head, aria buutwo hun-
dred Indian troops to support him aud the republic
against the mercenary hordes of Europe ana domes-
tic traitors, or walking in the garden of Uiapul-
teptc, smoking his cigaretto and meditating on
pianv for putting: down pronunciamientos, crushing
the power of the church, or establishing schools and
providing for the education and improvement ot
n^oule. heis ever the same taciturn, sell-reliant,
iiis pr'o pie, he is ev- -   ~ «..7
hopeful, unexeitable man, believing in himself,
and confident of the final triumph ot republicanism
,lV(>r nil tiials and opposition.
"V horse-fancying Inend described him once to
me .is ' not a three-minute.trotter, but a mighty good
ill-day lior e, and sale for a long journey. Tne
idea is. sound, though expiessed m a komelj man-
ner. He i* never accused of foigettin0 his tnenu,.
and his triumph over all enemies and difficulties
the most giganticstamnhimas amanofnoordinary
mold, one destined to fill a remarkable page in the
history of the world."
This is the man who is at the head of the
existing Government of Mexico. They have
had, to be sure, an internal commotion which
is a subject of regret to us all, but there has
been, nevertheless, a steady advance in the
development of the country and in the increase
ol its population. Juarez has rid many of the
States of the thieves and robbers who infested
them. He has been constantly at work from
the beginning of his administration to the pres-
ent time in bringing order out of confusion.
Now, Mr. Speaker, although these disorders
exist, what we should give to Mexico is not
censure, but support. We should praise what-
ever of good there is there. We should hail
whatever moral force there is in it. We should
encourage Mexico to develop her own great
resources, and not compel her to feel that this
great and now united Republic has no grace
tor her poor, struggling, sister republic.
Ah ! the power of superstition and of big-
otry that has been entailed on Mexico, which
clings to it as with a death-grasp! And it
takes time, it takes the nerve of such men
as Juarez to thrust it aside aud restore the
country to the fullness of life, 1 have faith in
Mexico. I believe in the power of its people
to redeem themselves. 1 believe that that
republic will yet live in well-developed power.
I do not believe that we want her States as a
part of our Republic. We do not desire to
obtain them by annexation, liven if my hope
in regard to the future of Mexico is realized,
her civilization will always be that of the Latin
race; it will never be that of the Caucasian
race. The civilization of the former race is
less rugged than that of the latter. We do not
desire that country to become a part of our
own. We should not seek to extend over it
a governmental protection. But I do believe
that the Government of Mexico should feel
that she can look to us for sympathy, for sue
cor, and lor aid when invaded from without,
and for sympathy in her struggles to redeem
herself, and for an appreciation ot what she is
and what she may be, by her own internal
forces working themselves freely out in their
own channels and modes of development.
In reading the speeches that were made at,
this great dinner to which I have aliuded, I
find that there was a Mexican orator, Don
Gracio M. Altamirano of Guerrero, who
spoke on that occasion. T would gladly read
his entire speech, because there was a nation-
ality in it, a Mexicanism in it; and the response
which it had showed how intensely those peo-
ple are wedded to a republican form of gov
eminent, and how they cling to it, and will
continue to cling to it in the long years to
come; and hence, we may not expect that
she is to throw off a republican form of gov-
ernment at any time; she never will do it any
more than America will do it. She has none
of the elements of an aristocracy even, much
less of an empire or a monarchy, any more
than we have in America. They never can
be other than republican in their form of gov-
ernment. We have not the elements of any
other Government than the one we possess.
The same is true of Mexico.
From that speech X take a single para-
graph, and I think, sir, you will agree with me
that this sentence shows a culture and power
I; of expression that but few men possess. In
i' the midst of his speech he alluded to our late
;! war, and in one single sentence he announced
!' its beginning, its progress, its close, and its
il triumph in these words:
ii "The thunderbolt fell; the heavens became se-
' jene- the dead were taken up from the battle-field;
|! the blood was washed away, and m the splenelor.of
!' the rainbow appeared the slaves witn their chains
> broken asunder and their toreheads illuminated with
; the sun of equality.
'I No ordinary mind could thus epitomize a
great national struggle in a single sentence
with more brilliancy and pdwer than in this
single sentence which I have read.
I have now occupied the time of the House
sufficiently long. At the commencement of
what I had to say I stated the reason why I
wanted to say this much. 1 resided in Mexico
a single year, and I was kindly treated by that
people, and my connection with them won my
esteem. I desired here to defend them. I have
no defense to make of any invasions of our
territory at the present time, and to which
allusion has been made here. Those are the
results of the disorders that are there, and they
are not denied. But back of them there is a
Government republican in form, duly organ-
ized, in force, and to be felt in the future.
And instead of these resolutions of censure
and of blame, it is the part of our Government
to congratulate Mexico whenever she wins a
victory over these disorders, to aid her and
assist her rather than to crush her down by
unkind references, or by heralding iier to the
world as a country which is depopulating itself
by its internal disorders. My hope and my
belief is that Mexico shall yet be a worthy
sister republic, magnificent in her government
as she is majestic in her resources, grand in
her character as she is by nature in her capacity.
tariff.
Mr. DUELL addressed the House upon the
question of the tariff and protection to Amer-
ican industry. [His remarks will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
Mr. STEVENSON, If no other gentleman
desires to be heard, I will move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed ro ; and accordingly
(at three o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petition.
The following petition was presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittee :
By. Mr. SPEEIl, of Georgia: The petition
ofT. B. Griffin, of Lowndes county, Georgia,
asking the removal of his political disabilities.
IN SENATE.
Moxday, April 15, 1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, d, d.
The Journal of the proceedings of Friday
last was read and approved.
Mr. SPENCER. On Friday last I am
under the impression that the Senate made
a mistake. It passed House joint resolution
No. 105. The intentiou of the Senate, 1 pre-
sume, was to pass House joint resolution No.
131, relating to the commissioners of claims
appointed under the act of Congress approved
March 3, 1871, which had passed the House
and was before the Senate. I ask to have this
clerical mistake corrected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin gave notice, probably when the
Senator from Alabama was not in his seat on
Friday evening, that there had been an eiror
which he would probably attempt to coriect
to-day in regard to the resolution allowing the
southern claims commissioners to report.
Mr. SPENCER. Veiy well.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter _ of the Secretary of War,
communicating, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the 9th instant, information relating
to the canal aud dike at Dulutb, Minnesota ;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of
the Secretary of War, transmitting a report
and estimates of the chief of engineers in
relation to the improvement of the Fails of St.
