1582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
reform is not only possible but easy. But I
do not believe we shall attain any great or
lasting improvement by any transfer of or any
new limitations upon the appointing power.
Mr. President, if we mean to cure the Repub-
lic we must comprehend not only what ails it,
but what remedies should be administered.
The doctors are pretty well agreed about, the
disease. This is a brief statement of it. The
people have a chronic habit of sending block-,
heads to Congress. They are selected not
because of their merits, but because of their
promises:
"It is often by the power of patronage that a
Representative is known to what ara called the
active politicians among his constituents. He is
held to he their agent, and broker of offices."
Such is the language of the commission, and
such is the argument of all reformers. The
first business of the Representative is to pay
his debts, to achieve the appointment of those
to whom be lias promised appointments. "It
is not a favor only that "be asks; it is the
means of fulfilling a bargain." The bargains
are made, not with those who are fit for office,
but with those who are unfit. The appointiug
power is then besieged to remove worthy in-
cumbents to make room for the friends of the
new Representative. The appointing power,
if a President, is scheming only for his reelec-
tion ; if a Cabinet officer, he is conspiring to
carry a bill through Congress. .So President
and Secretaries combine with the Representa-
tive to turn the worthy out and put thy worth-
less in. Thus Presidents achieve recieetions;
Secretaries, success; and Representatives,
renown, in proportion to the number of vaga-
bonds they provide for at the public crib.
A still shorter statement of the argument
is this: in the United States of America, in
the last half of tbe nineteenth century, polit-
ical success waits upon a vicious, and not upon
a virtuous use of the public patronage. Sir,
1 shall not stop a moment to inquire how
much or how little trutk there is in this theory.
1 hasten to observe that it is utterly opposed
to the theory of those who framed the Consti-
tution, Those men argued that the people
of the United States, intelligently zealous for
their own interests, would select their, very
best men for Presidents, and that each of the
Stateswonld select its best men tor Representa-
tives ; that all would be ambitious of tbe popu-
lar regard and would strive to secure it by pro-
moting the public good. Hence they argued
that the power of appointment might be most
safely lodged with the best man in the United
States; he to be advised by the best men of
the several States, the latter to be instructed
in turn by the people themselves.
Now. the people still enjoy the untrammeled
right of choosing Presidents and Representa-
tives. If they do not select their best men, .
but their worst, the fault is theirs. If they
place dolls and knaves in the Capitol and in
the White House, it is because stupidity and
knavery are at, a premium with them. The peo-
ple arc disqualified for the liigh prerogative
delegated to them by the Constitution, the
legacy of the Revolution is squandered, sell-
government is a failure, popular supremacy is
a delusion? For such a disease only two rem-
edies can by possibility be adequate. Either
the people must be stripped of the prerogatives
they so much abuse, or they must be qualified
for their use. The civil service reformers pro-
pose the former alternative. At present but
two restrictions upon popular supremacy are
suggested. The one is to take from the peo-
ple that plenary control they now enjoy over
all their servants in the subordinate offices of
administration and confide that control to a
board of examiners, in the vain hope that the
latter will be composed of better material than
Presid_ents and Congresses. The other is to
strip them of the power to reelect a President
whom they have once tried and approved.
But let no man flatter himself that if these
enterprises succeed they will be the last assaults
made upon the popular supremacy.
The people have in all ages been despoiled
of freedom by similar insidious steps. The
first step prepares the waj'for the second. And
the second assault will be safer than the first.
"Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty."
For when the people have conceded that they
cannot select Representatives who are fit to'
advise in the appointment of clerks and col-
lectors, by what pretext can they assert their
ability to choose Representatives fit to make
laws? And when they have conceded their
inability to select between two candidates for
the Presidency, one of whom has been tried
and the other has not, with what show of
decency can they claim the ability to select
between two candidates for the Presidency,
neither of whom has been tried?
I therefore have resolved to defend as well
as I can every prerogative which the Constitu-
tion now delegates to the people. Let whoever
may head the assault, I shall assent to no
amendment which deprives the people, learned
or unlearned, wise or unwise, native or alien-
born, black or white, of any part of the dis-
cretionary power now belonging to them. I
will cheerfully assent to an amendment which
will enlarge that discretion. By the Constitu-
tion as it now reads the people are prohibited
from electing a citizen to the Presidency who
is not native-born. I am quite ready to vote
for an amendment which shall remove that
restriction upon their freedom of choice. But
instead of depriving tbe people of power they
now enjoy, I venture to propose the other alter-
native of qualifying them for its exercise by dif-
fusing among them a higher and better culture.
If j am told that this work, although proper,
is peculiarly and primarily tbe work of the
States, I admit.it; but if I am told that the
national Government can do nothing in aid of
it, I deny it. The national Government can
do much. One thing it ought to do, in my
judgment, and do at once. It ought to lay
here at the capital the foundations of a
national university, which shall lead the way to
a broader, more liberal, more universal, and
more practical education of the people than is
now afforded by any institution in the world.
Sir, the nation should blush before these
two shameful facts: the monument to Wash-
ington is still unfinished, and the will of Wash-
ington is still unexecuted.
In the last will and testament of George
Washington, after reciting how he had become
possessed of $10,000 of the stock of one com-
pany and of $20,000 of the stock of another,
there is the following inspiring language :
"I proceed after thi-- recital, for the more correct
understanding of the cose, to declare: that, as itbas
always been a source of serious regret with me, to
see the youth of these United States sent to foreign
countries for the purpose of education, often before
their minds were formed, or they had imbibed any
adequate ideas of the happiness of their own—con-
tiactinf! too frequently, not only habits of dissipa-
tion and extravagance, but principles unfriendly to
republican government, and to the true and genu-
ine liberties of mankind, which thereafter are rarely
overcome—for these reasons it has been my ardent
wish to see a plan devised on a. liberal scale which
would have a tendency to spread systematic ideas
through all parts of this rising empire, thereby to
do away local attachments and State prejudices, as
far as the nature of things would, or indeed ought
to admit, from our national councils. Looking anx-
iously forward t.o. the accomplishment of so desirable
an object as this is, (in my estimation,) my mindhas
not been able to contemplate any plan more likely
to effect the measure than the establishment of a
university in a central pure of the United States, to
which the youths of fortune and talents from all
parts thereof may be sent for the completion of their
education in all the branches of polite literature,
in arts a,nd sciences, in acquiring knowledge in the
principles of politics and good government, and, as
a matter of infiniteimportance, in my judgment, by
associating with each other and forming friendships
in juvenile years, be enabled to free themselves in
a proper degiee from those local prejudices and
habitua 1 jealousies which have just been mentioned,
a.nd which when carried to excess are never-failing
sources ofdisquietuue to the public mind, and preg-
nant of inichievous consequences to this country.
Under these impressions, so fully dilated—
Item.—I give and bequeath, in perpetuity, tho
fifty shares whioh I hold in the Potomac company,
(under the aforesaid acts of the Legislature of Vir-
ginia,) toward the endowment of a university, to be
established within the limits of the District of Colum-
bia, under the auspices of the General Government."
That legacy was long since dissipated. But
the university does not ygt exist. Shall we or
shall we not give life to Washington's great
design?
One other wish lay very near his heart. In
1786, in a letter to Mr. John P. Mercer, he
declared it to be among his "first wishes to
see some plan adopted by which slavery in this
country may be abolished hy law." In 1797
he again said iu a letter to his nephew :
" I wish from my soul that the Legislature of this
State could see the policy of a gradual emancipation
of slavery. It might prevent much future mischief."
Slavery has been abolished by law. But the
Legislature of Virginia could not see the
policy of gradual emancipation. What mis-
chiefs have ensued? The nation has been
rocked by four years' of terrific war. Five hun-
dred thousand human lives, ten thousand mil-
lion dollars have been sacrificed in the prose-
cution of it. We are now paying millions
annually to men who have been disabled in the
conflict. The land is black with the mourning
of the bereaved. Sectional hatreds have
packed our horizon with thick clouds, and I
see yet no bow in the heavens which gives
token that they are passing away. And one
large section of the country has been dwarfed
and stunted in its development, so that the
Republic resembles a giant with one side
withered by paralysis. All these mischiefs
might have been prevented had the Legisla-
ture of Virginia seen the policy of gradual
abolition. Shall we attend to Washington's
second wish, or shall we run the hazard of
ignoring it?
Let no man say the authority to found such
an institution is not confided to the General
Government by the Constitution. Three
times Mr. Madison and Mr. Pinckney moved
in Convention to insert that authority in the
text of the Constitution. The proposition re-
ceived but one answer: " The power is already
in the Constitution." " The exclusive power
at the seat of Government will read) the
object," said Mr. Governeur Morris. And
so, on division, tbe States of Pennsylvania,
Virginia, North Carolina, and South Carolina
voted to put that power into the Constitution;
while New Hampshire, Massachusetts, New
Jersey, Delaware, Maryland, and Georgia
voted it was already in. Connecticut divided
then, as Connecticut still sometimes divides.
Morris was undoubtedly right.
What a State may do within her bftrders
Congress may do within the District. The
same power to establish a university within the
District, I venture to suggest, is found in the
authority to raise revenues and to appropriate
them. I know no limitation upon the power
of Congress to levy taxes but the pleasure of
the people. If they consent, Congress may
safely levy a billion in a year. If they object.
Congress cannot safely levy a million. The
authority is ample. Is itnot time that author-
ity was exerted ? Will any statesman deny
that the education of the people is a work of
vast and primary importance to this nation?
The Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sum-
ner,] when offering to the Senate a few days
since a resolution proposing to restrict the
presidential office to one term, took pains to
fortify it by quoting the opinions of many
eminent Americans. I could exhaust the ses-
sion in calling the roll of those great men who
have borne witness to the national importance
of popular education in all ages of the world,
from the ancient prophet Hosea, who pas-
sionately exclaimed, "My people are de-
stroyed for lack of knowledge," down to tbe
last annual reports of the superintendents of
instruction in the several States of this Union.
I will adduce the testimony of but two.
I quote first the testimony of an English
