4220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
ter.] If I had been consulted about the prep-
aration of the bill it would have been drawn
in a different, manner. It permits the tunnel-
ing of the bill on which the Capitol is located
at a point where it may run under tire Capitol;
but it is under the direction of the engineer
of the Capitol grounds ahd buildings, and
therefore I do not think there is any danger
that he will allow it to enter at a point where
it should not.
There is one other point in the bill that I
should like to have remedied. It leaves the
railroad company with the power of putting
up a railroad depot at the corner of the Botanic
Garden. I think it ought not to be there. It
ought to be lower down on Maryland or Vir-
ginia avenue; but I do not propose to object
to the bill.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I have not examined
the bill as fully as I wish to. I propose to
vote for it for the purpose of moving the re-
consideration of it, after I examine it., if I
think it is wrong.
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
NEW YOKK CUSTOM-IIOUSE.
Mr. BAYARD. I present a paper con-
nected with the report and action of the ma-
jority of the Committee on Investigation and
Retrenchment in the matter of the investigation
at New York, and I desire that it, may bo read
because it contains an application for an order
which the minority desire to obtain from the
Senate. It is a aliort paper.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware a.«ks that the views of the
minority on the New York custom-house in-
vestigation shall be read. The Chair hears no
objection.
Mr. BAYARD. It was understood that it
was to be read in connection with the. report
' of the committoe. I gave way in order that
the tariff bill might be considered, and it was
with the understanding that this should come
up immediately alter. Subsequent to that, out
ot deference to the honorable Senator from
Iowa, 1 yielded the floor for the purpose of
allowing him to pass some bills.
Mr. POMKROY. 1 ask if the views of the
majority have lieen read?
Mr. BAYARD. They have not been read,
but they have been handed up to the desk for
the action of the Senate.
Mr. POME ROY. Does the Senator ask
that liie views of the minority may be read
now V
Mr. CASSERLY. This is a mere memo-
randum with reference to a subsequent mutter.
Mr. I'O.MKROy. If it is a memorandum
I am willing lo hear it.
Mr. BAYARD. If the Senator will allow
the paper to be read, 1 think it will explain
itself.
Mr. HOWE. A memorandum is a thing so
utterly unkuown to me in such proceedings
that. 1 have no idea whether 1 ought to object
to the reading of this or not. I take it for
granted that the Senator would not send a
pa.per to the desk to be read that was not,
proper. So I do not feel called upon'" to
object.
Mr. BAYARD. I will adopt this paper as
a portion of the remarks I desired to make
at the time the report of the majority was
presented to the Senate .-
The undersigned, m timbers of the Committee on
investigation and Hetrcncoment. arc unable to con-
cur m the leport made by the majority upon the con-
dition of the custom-house in the city of New York, to
which subject the investigation has thus far been con-
tined. ihey desire respectfully to express their dis-
sent from theconelusionsarrived at by the majority,
irie report <>f the majority has, however, been macro,
very unexpectedly to them, before even the custom-
house brunch of the investigation had been closed,
and belore the testimony ot all the witnesses exam-
ined h.id been published; and while, us the minority
had full right to suppose, the whole matter was still
open, and before notice to them that any report was
intended by i he majority at this session.
The report, however, having been mad© in the
closing days of the session when the time of the un-
dersigned is wholly engrossed by the unusual pres-
sure of their duties in the Senate, and upon the
regular committees, they ask thafc it may now be
ordered by the Senate that leave be granted them
to present their views hereafter, and that the same
may bo printed during the recess of Congress, to
accompany the report of the majority, and in the
same number of copies.
T.F. BAYARD,
E. CASSERLY.
There is an order I desire to have made by
the Senate in that case. The memorandum as
it was prepared by me was perhaps unusual,
because, if I may so say without any intentional
disrespect to the majority, their action in this
case was unusual. In the first place, the Sen-
ate will remember that some six or eight dif-
ferent branches of inquiry were submitted by
various resolutions to this special committee.
There has been no action taken by the com-
mittee, under the authority vested in them by
the Senate, except upon the matter of the
investigation connected with the New York
custom-house. The rest remains open for
action. Now, sir, the history ofthis investiga-
tion 
Mr. HOWE. I must make a point of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin rises to a point of order,
which he will state.
Mr. HOWE. The point of order that I
make is that there is no question before the
Senate, and therefore nothing upon which
debate can be made, and I make this point
now, I desire to say to the Senator from Del-
aware, with this view merely: to postpone
what he is saying until some time when there
ean be a reply to it. I see he is making some
complaint of the action of the committee.
Mr. BAYARD. I did not use the word
"complain." I make no complaint. But
there is something before the Senate, and that
is the application for an order of the Senate
that leave may be granted the minority to print
their views in the recess; and I was about to
give the reasons why I thought the application
was necessary and why the Senate in their
discretion should allow it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chan-
understood the Senator from Wisconsin to raise
a point of order which was not stated.
Mr. HOWE. That there is no question
before the Senate; but if there is, as the Sen-
ator from Delaware says, of course I with-
draw it.
Mr. BAYAIID. Yes, sir, there is a request
in that paper which is an application for an
order that leave may be granted to the minor-
ity to present their views during the recess.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the ap-
prehension of the Chair the question cannot
be considered on the same day it is presented
except by general consent.
Mr. BAYARD. If there is objection to
my explaining the reasons of the minority in
asking for it, I will explain them on another
occasion, but I thought as I made the appli-
cation it would be proper at this time to state
the reasons why we were compelled to ask
leave of the Senate to prepare our views dur-
ing the recess, and submit them as if presented
during the session.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are two bills 
Mr. BAYA RD. T ask that the assent of the
Senate be given to the proposition contained
in that paper, and that the order may be made
as prayed for there.
.Mr. SHERMAN. Is there any objection to
that?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware asks unanimous consent
that the order offered in the paper which has
been read be adopted.
Mr. HOWE. What is the order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That the
minority may have leave to present their views
in the recess and have them printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the vote can be taken
on that without debate I have no objection.
Mr, HOWE. Will the Senator tell me what j
time he has specified within which the views
of the minority shall be presented?
Mr. BAYARD. I have stated none in this
paper; but we would certainly prepare them
just as soon as we could. If the Senator pre-
fers it I will mention some time ; say the 1st
of August.
Mr. HOWE. No; I think that would be
unreasonable.
Mr. BAYARD. Until the report of the
majority is printed my honorable friend is
aware we cannot very well know what time
we shall require. There has been no con-
sultation in regard to the report. The com-
mittee have never exchanged views. There
never has been any consultation in the com-
mittee-room on the subject. I have been in
the conference committee on the tariff bill, as
my friend from Ohio knows, since the morn-
ing that report was brought in. It is in man-
uscript; it is not practicable to read it; we
must wait until it is printed, and then I pro-
pose that it shall be most respectfully con-
sidered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to the present consideration of this
order?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I desire to say a
word upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It cannot
be debated unless it is entertained. If it is
entertained, debate can go on until it is set-
tled.
Mr. COLE. I should like to have the regu-
lar order and progress with business.
Mr. STEWART. I do not care anything
about what is done in this particular case 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut has the floor if the de-
bate is to go on.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I understand the
Senator from- Delaware desires to see the
report printed from which I judge he may
be disposed to comment upon that report in
the views which he and the honorable Senator
associated with him may present. I under-
stand that the minority liaye this privilege, or
this right, if you please, to state their views
upon the questions which have been submitted
to them, but those views must be independent
of the report of the majority, based upon the
facts, based upon the testimony heard by the
committee. In that view I certainly have no
objection to the presentation of the views of
the honorable Senators during the recess.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not ob-
ject to this case, but I do objectto thegrowing
practice of having a minority report becoming
a mere review of the majority report. It, is
wholly unprecedented, and it ought not to bo
tolerated for a single moment, for it gives the
minority an unfair advantage to take the
majority report and merely make a critique
upon it. It is not a presentation of their views
independently upon the testimony. I have never
known until this session a practice of that kind
to be excused or tolerated.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I understand that
the honorable Senator from Delaware assents
to the view presented by the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the pending
question ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The order
of the Senator from Delaware for the present-
ation of the views of the minority on the
New York custom-house investigation during
the recess.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I objectto that decidedly,
for one.
Mr. COLE. Then I demand the regular
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. These pro-
ceedings are all going on by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not object to the
question being taken. I was merely stating it
as an argument, that I thought it an unfair
thing to allow the minority of a committee to
