3324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May H,
appointment of your congressional supervisors
01 election should be vested in the circuit
judges or in the district judges.
In the second of those bills the enormous
power was given to these supervisors to super-
vise and to overlook the elections for State
officers. There was no pretense, and there
could be none, that Congress had, under any
view of the Constitution, the slightest au-
thority to interfere with those elections; but
under a mere bald, transparent pretense that
it might be necessary in order to carry out the
congressional control of elections for Repre-
sentatives and Delegates in Congress, these
congressional supervisors were authorized to
regulate the polling, to scrutinize the polling,
and overhaul the ballot-boxes in which votes
were received and only were received for those
officers, and only those officers were to be
voted for under the exclusive authority of the
State.
Why, sir, wo should have been justly ridic-
ulous if, when we were dealing with such a meas
ure as that, we spent our breath in complaining
that the appointment of officers armed with
such extraordinary powers as these supervisors
were arined with should be given here or
there. No source of appointment could have
purged such a body of men of the despotic
and unconstitutional powers reposed in them
by the act.
Does the Senator remember also the cir-
cumstances under which the first of those
bills was put through in the Senate? Does he
remember that he and his associates in this
body compelled the minority to sit here from
twelve o'clock at noon of one day until seven
o'clock of the morning of the next day ? And
he wants to know why that little jaded band
of men, to whose eyes even the excess of their
fatigue foibade sleep to come through all those
long and weary hours—he is astonished that
during that session of nineteen hours when
there was but a handful of us here in all, and
frequently but two or three, as it were, to
mount guard againsts the assaults upon the
Constitution—lie wonders now why none of
us hud not anything to say as to why these ap-
pointments should not be given to the dis-
trict judges rather than the circuit judges I
Why, sir, that would have been a very foolish
undertaking for us! We had matter much
more serious to deal with.
Does he not remember also the circum-
stances uuder which the second bill was brought
forward and put through ? After eleven o'clock
of one night at the close of a long and weary
session, under the whip and spur of a call of
the Senate, and with the Sergeant-at-Arms
bringing in Senators from their lodgings, the
Senate was forced to take up that bill. Next
day it came before the Senate, and that, too,
was put through at a single sitting; and we
who had been here until nearly midnight the
night before were kept until the majority,
composed of the Senator from Vermont and
his associates, had put that bill through long
after midnight. And yet he wonders why
under those circumstances we did not spend
our breath, and those energies which we were
obliged to reserve for greater things in those
two battles lor the Constitution, upon such an
utterly insignificant matter in comparison as
whether the appointment of these supervisors
should be in the circuit or in the district
judges.
Now, sir, we have to deal with a bill with
the express subject; now it is proper for us
to consider whether the powers contemplated
by the act should not be reposed in the distiict
judges, who have the proper means of inform-
ation, rather than in the circuit judges, who
have not and who cannot possibly have; and
what does the Senator say ? He is very sus-
picious of those who differ from him. I do
not know what he means by reference to a
particular district judge. It would have been
better, I think, when he was scattering am-
biguous words through the country from his
place in the Senate, if he had specified some
one. If there be anywhere a district judge
who is unfit to be intrusted with the power of
appointing these officers, the blame of his
being in office lies at, the door of the Senator
and his associates in this Chamber. It does
not lie at the door of the minority here. The
Senator should have given us specifications
of the ground of his suspicion. He under-
takes to tell us that the district judges are
less fit than the circuit judges because they
move in a narrower circle; that the limits
of their districts are more confined as to
extent and as to population than the limits
of a circuit. Sir, what an extraordinary
ground is that for a Senator of the general
acuteness and ability of that Senator to take 1
Except in the State of New York, the State
of Pennsylvania, and some of the larger
States, a district is coterminus, generally
speaking, with a State. The argument of the
Senator from Vermont seriously is that a dis-
trict judge who lives in Georgia, like the judge
of whom my friend from Georgia has just
spoken, is so affected by the fact that he lives
in Georgia, that he is unable to appoint super-
visors of election for the State of Georgia
with as much discrimination and with as much
judgment as the circuit judge, who lives in
Alabama, and who cannot by any possibility
know one man in Georgia where the district
judge knows fifty. The narrowness of his
sphere, says the Senator, disqualifies the dis-
trict judge by comparison. Then a circuit
judge with five States in his circuit ought to
be infinitely better qualified to judge, as to the
fitness of men to be appointed under this law
in each one of those States than the district
judge in each of those States. Why, sir. that
is an argument, if the Senator made it as an
argument, which requires only to be stated.
The best, answer to it is the statement of it.
The Senator said something about party
impulses and party biases. He surely did
not mean that. That would not be his delib-
erate expression. I never have heard in the
highest times of party violence anything which
implicated the district judges as a body, or
indeed the district judges individually, with
very few exceptions, many transactions which
would render tliem in the slightest degree
amenable to the imputation of the Senator from
Vermont. The Senator suspects; the Sen-
ator has suspicions. I might suspect; I might,
have suspicions that when a Senator as able
and as fertile in resoucres as the Senator from
Vermont fails so utterly in his attempt to give
reasons and to furnish arguments for selecting
the circuit judge, with his impossibility of
knowledge, in preference to the district judge,
with all his opportunities for knowledge, there
is some reason which cannot be made public
that is at the bottom of this measure. But,
sir, I impute no such suspicion. This much I
can say: in the failure of an able man to
furnish a good reason for this action the con-
clusion is inevitable that there is no reason for
it, good, bad, or indifferent.
The PRKS1D1NG OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois, upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
The yeas and nays were taken.
Mr. SAWYER. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Blair.] If present he would vote "yea,"
and 1 should vote "nay."
Mr. GILBER l\ I am paired with the
Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Vickers.]
The result was announced—yeas 19, navs
25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Casserly, Cooper,
Davis of West Virginia, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton or Lexas, Johnston, Kelly, Norwood,
I ratt, Hansom, Saulsbury, Sprague, Stevenson,
btockton, Thurman, Tipton, and "West—19.
NAVS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Car-
pentor, Chandler, Cole, Corbett, Edmunds, Ferry of
Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuygen, Harlan Kel
log?, Logan, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Osbom
Pool, Rice, Scott, Stewart, Sumner, Wilson Win'
dom, and Wright—25. '
ABSENT—Messrs. Blair, Brownlow, Buckingham
Caldwell,Cameron, Clayton, Conkling,Cragin Davis
of Kentucky, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut ii\\
bert, Goldthwaite, Hamlin, Hill, Hitchcock, Howe
Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Patterson, Pomeroy'
Ramsey, Robertson, Sawyer, Schurz. Shprmaw
Spencer, Trumbull, and Vickers—30. '
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the amendment
made in Committee of the Whole, which was
proposed by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Morton,] to insert an additional section rela-
tive to the designations of district judges by
the circuit judges.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. KELLOGG. I now offer the amend-
ment which I referred to some time since,
which I omitted to offer in Committee of the
Whole.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed amend*
ment, which was to insert as an additional
section the following:
Sec —. That the seventh section of the act to
which this is an amendmentshall be, and is hereby,
amended so as to read as follows:
" Sec. 7. That if, in any election district or voting
precinct in any congressional districtfor which there
shall have been appointed supervisors of election,
for any election at which a Representative or Dele-
gate in Congress shall be voted for, the said super-
visors of election, or either of them, shall not bo
allowed to exercise and discharge fully and freely,
without bribery, solicitation, interference, hinder-
ance, molestation, or violence, or threatb thereof, on
the part of or from any person or persons, each and
every of the duties, obligations, and powers con-
ferred upon them by this act, and the act hereby
amended, it shall be the duty of the supervisors of
election, and each of them, to make a prompt report,
under oath, within ten days after the day of elec-
tion, to the ofticer who, in accordance with the pro-
visions of section thirteen of this act, shall have
been designated as the chief supervisor of the judi-
cial district in which the election district or voting
precinct wherein they or he served shall bo, of the
manner and means by which they were, or ne wag,
not allowed so to fully and freely exercise and dis-
charge the duties and obligations required and im-
posed by this act. And upon receiving any such
report it shall be the duty of the said chief super-
visor, acting both in such capacity and officially as
a commissioner of the circuit court, to forthwith
examine into all the facts thereof, to subpenaand
compel the attendance belore him of witnesses,
administer oaths, and take testimony in respect to
the chargcs made, and prior to the assembling of the
Congress in which any such Representative or Dele-
gate was voted for, to have filed with the Clerk of
the llouse of Representatives of the Congressof the
United States all the evidence by him taken, all in-
formation by him obtained, and all reports to him
made."
Mr. KELLOGG. This amendment changes
the seventh section of the original law only so
as to make it conform to the section already
adopted, changing the second, third, and
thirteenth sections of that law. In other words,
the effect of this araeudment is only to perfect
the bill. The amendment recites in hcec verba
section seven that it proposes to amend,
except that in the place of the words "city,
town, or village," the words "any congres-
sional district" are inserted. Just .so section
two is amended ; and since that, amendment
has been adopted, to make the bill consistent
this also should be adopted. I do not sup-
pose there will he any objection to it.
Mr. THURMAN. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out all after the word
"amended," in the second line, and inserting
in lieu of the matter stricken out the words
" be, and the same is hereby, repealed j" so
that if amended it will read:
That the seventh section of the act to which this
is an amendment shall be, and the same hereby,
repealed.
I can conceive of no earthly use fot that
seventh section. It provides that if any super-
visor is interfered with, he shall make a report
to this superior supervisor who is one of
the commissioners of the circuit court, and
then that supervisor is " to forthwith examine
into all the facts thereof; to subpena and com-
pel the attendance before him of any witnesses;
administer oaths and take testimony in respect
