2428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
Anthony ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce,- and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the
annual statement of the Washington City
Savings Bank for the year ending April 1,
1872 ; which was ordered to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of California, in favor of an increase
of the ocean mail steamship service between
San Francisco, Japan, and China; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLE. I present a petition of the
same character, and I presume a duplicate of
the one just presented by the Presiding Officer.
It urgently appeals to Congress to afford aid in
the establishment of more frequent commun-
ication between the ports on the coast of the
Pacific and the ports of China and Japan. 1
move its reference to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I present also a memorial of
the Chamber of Commerce of San Francisco,
asking earnestly for further assistance by Con-
gress to aid iu the establishment of mail com-
munication by steamships between the port of
San Francisco and the ports of the southern
Pacific islands, as well as the ports in China
and Japan. The reasons are set forth quite
fully in the memorial of the Chamber of Com-
merce which I hold in my hand, and 1 move
that it be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I am al&o charged with the
presentation of a protest, signed by some
twenty-four thousand of the citizens of San
Francisco, against the cession ofYerba Buena
island, in the harbor of San Francisco, for a
railroad depot or terminus, and also protesting
against all other schemes of' like character
which threaten to jeopardize their safety or
impair the usefulness of the bay and harbor
of San Francisco. This is a very voluminous
memorial, contained in three pretty large vol-
umes. and is entitled to a good deal of consid-
eration on the part of the Senate and of Con-
gress. My friend asks me if on account of the
volume, i reply no, but on account of the
signers, who, I believe, include nearly all the
business men of San Francisco. I recognize
a gicat many names among the signers as very
excellent and influential citizens of that place.
The statement which I have seen in a morning
paper of this city this morning, that the opposi-
tion comes from the Chamber of Commerce of
San Francisco, who are themselves a monopoly,
is not well founded. The protest is not merely
from the Chamber of Commerce and wharf-
ingers and middle-men of San Francisco, as
alleged in that paper, but it is the protest, so
to speak, of the whole people of that very
flourishing and promising commercial city.
The representations made that it comes from
persons who are interested in a particular line
of business there, arc without foundation. The
people of that city see the danger that is threat-
ening them nowin havingtheir commerce and
business removed to a place entirely separate
and distinct from their accustomed place of
business. They are not disposed to submit
too tamely to such a project, and hence this
great protest. I suppose the memorial ought
to lie on the table for the present. I do not
presume it is proper to kirther discuss the
measure now or before it comes before this
body. If it ever comes before this body for
action, it will then be time to discuss it fully
and freely, and I shall then take occasion to
give my views upon the subject in all its
aspects. Meantime I heartily indorse the
protest.
Mr. CASSERLY. With the permission of
the Senate and of my colleague, [Mr. Cole,]
I desire to confirm in the strongest maimer all
he has just said. I ask the attention of the
Senate to the fact that here is a petition which
in its magnitude and in its unanimity is prob-
ably without precedent in the history of peti-
tions in this country. The city of San Fran-
cisco has a population of one hundred and
sixty thousand to one hundred and seventy
thousand souls. She sends here a petition
which we understand is signed by more than
twenty-four thousand persons, almost the full
number of the entire voting population of the
city. Of course this great petition represents
all classes and callings in San Francisco. It
is ihe voice of no one or two narrow or selfish
interests. Most emphatically it is the voice
of the people of San Francisco. It is on no
narrow or selfish grounds that it appeals to
Congress, but on grounds which are of national
bearing and consequence. For the safety of
your one great sea-port on the Pacific it appeals
to Congress against giving up the single spot
of earth which in the last extremity is the only
guardian of the harbor and city of San Fran-
cisco against an invading foe. For the pres-
ervation of the harbor and the bay of San
Francisco and of their waters in free and un-
impaired ijavigation to the State, to the Uni-
ted States, and to the world, it appeals to Con-
gress against a measure which every engineer
of the Army who has given to the subject any
real examination has deliberately declared
will endanger the navigation of the harbor and
bay, not merely on the bar, not merely at the
entrance, but in their most important parts
and places inside.
The rules of the Senate in regard to present-
ing petitions—rules which I have no wish ever
to overstep—forbid me to say more at this
time.
Mr. COLE. 1 will state that this does not
properly belong to any one committee. The
memorial relates not only to railroads, but to
commerce. I move, therefore, that it lie on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT presented a petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania,soldiers of thelate Army, pray-
ing an equalization of bounties at the rate of
$8 331 per month; and also an amendment to
the homestead law so as to allow soldiers to
enter land without the requirements of settle-
ment and cultivation; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
A] ban S. Payne, of Fauquier county, Virginia,
praying the removal ot his political disabil-
ities ; which was refered to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabil
ities.
Mr. STOQKTON. I present a petition signed
by a number of citizens of Monmouth county,
New Jersey, asking for an appropriation of
$2-5.000 to remove the obstructions of the bar
at Key Port. I am informed that this improve-
ment is much needed. Our citizens are verj'
anxious that the bill now in the hands of the
Committee on Commerce be speedily acted on
by Congress. The petition is signed also by a
large number of the members of our Legisla-
ture. I move its reference to the Committee
on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STOCKTON also presented a petition
of citizens of the State of New York, late
soldiers of the United States Army, praying
equalization of bounties and bounty land;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petitions of Wil-
son Watts, of Union, Monroe county, West
I Virginia; of J. H. McCue, of Nelson county,
I Virginia; and of E. \V. Hubbard, of Bueking-
| ham county, Virginia, praying the removal of
I their political disabilities; which were referred
| to the select Committee on the Removal of
I Political Disabilities.
' He also presented the petition of Mary
North, widow of William North, of Virginia,
praying the enactment of a law granting her
bounty land in consideration of services ren-
dered by her husband in the war of 1812;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia, presented a
resolution of the Legislature of West Virginia,
in favor of an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the Ohio river; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HILL presented the memorial of George
W. Lyons, of Savannah, Georgia, praying
payment for cotton alleged to have been wrong-
fully seized ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of William
James Way, of Savannah, Georgia, praying
compensation for loss sustained by him in the
destruction of certain property by the army
commanded by General Sherman in his march
through Georgia; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. FENTON presented the remonstrance
of twenty-four firms in the city of Troy, New
York, using two thousand sewing-machines,
against the extension of the Wilson sewing-
machine patent; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I present a peti-
tion signed by one hundred business firms and
individuals in Paterson, New Jersey, remon-
strating against the renewal of Wilson's sew-
ing-machine patent. I wish to stits that the
ground of this petition is that the patent has
been running long and has been a monopoly
for twenty-one years ; that in 1865 Wilson sold
out his interest for $50,000 ; that since that
time machines have been manufactured for
fifteen dollars and sold tor sixty dollars, and
that all the poor people as well as the rich in
the country are interested in it, and that it is
unjust and a hardship that the monopoly should
be longer continued. I move the reference of
this petition to the Committee on Patents.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair a res-
olution of the Legislature of Massachusetts,
which I ask to have read, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
commonwealth of massachusetts.
lx the Year 1872.
Resolution relating to American seamen.
Whereas the provisions of the present maritime
law which make the payment of wages dependent
upon tho earning of freight are anomalous, unjust,
and unreasonable:
Resolved, That our Senators and Representatives
in Congress be requested to use their influence to
procure the passage of a law which shall give the
mariner his wages when faithfully earned, and the
right to their speedy recovery, by enacting that in
suits for the same no appeal snail be taken from the
district court, unless the amount recovered shall
exceed the sum of $300.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to remark that
as long ago as 1856 I introduced into the Sen-
ate a bill in conformity with this resolution,
carrying out its idea, and I now respectfully
call the attention of the Committee on Com-
merce to that object. It seems to me that it
deserves to be adopted in the legislation of our
country.
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented a memorial
of C. II. Wiley and other citizens of Tennes-
see, asking Congress to provide ways and
means for the benevolent to use their charities
to aid those who are suffering from famine in
Persia; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. WINDOM presented the petition of L.
Z. Rogers and others, citizens of Minnesota,
praying the passage of the bill (H. R. No.
1738) giving increased pensions; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented three petitions of citizens
