636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
from the select committee, is substantially
what the Postmaster General wants, and it is
equally certain that the bill known as the
Hubbard bill will be urged as a substitute for
it, as it was before by Mr. Palmer, a member
of the late select committee; that gentleman
being a member of the Committee on Appro-
priations, which has the subject in charge,
especially as the Senate committee approve that
scheme. I shall therefore speak of these bills
as though they were again under consideration
and of the reports and evidence by which they
were attempted to be sustained, as well as of
the evidence against them. I gave to these
bills very careful consideration, and earnestly
endeavored to understand and weigh the ques-
tions presented.
I listened to all the arguments and read all
the views laid before the committee as to the
operation of the telegraph in this and other
countries, and I have been wholly unable to
sanction or indorse any of the propositions
looking to governmental interference or con-
trol over the present telegraph system. I do
not contend, because I do not believe, that
under the present system of telegraphy the
mass of the .people obtain either the prompt-
est or cheapest telegraphic communications
which can possibly be obtained by any system ;
indeed, I think it likely that the Government
could by sufficient general taxation cheapen
the rates and obviate some of the delays which
the mass of the people who use the telegraph
are now subjected to by taking the whole busi-
ness under its control, and by the passage of
such laws for its regulation as would deprive
special interests of the privileges they now
enjoy, and by providing for the punishment
of the officials who are derelict in their duties
by prompt and adequate penalties. No doubt
law,s could be formed based on past experience,
if the system is changed and the Government
takes control of it, which cannot now be made
applicable to the existing management.
But I see other and more serious difficulties
and dangers looming up than the mere saving
of afewcentsora fewminutesto those who use
the telegraph in the vast additional armies
of Government officials we will be compelled
to add to the already almost fabulous host now
supported by the sweat of the toiling masses.
If gentlemen will turn to the official registe.r
of officers and agents in the service of the
United States, which was laid on their tables
last spring, they will find a list of over sixty
thousand persons, other than soldiers and
sailors, who draw their pay directly from the
Treasury of the United States. I hold the
book in myhand, and find itcontains ninehun-
dred and seventeen pages. Many of them con-
tain double columns. A full single column page
contains seventy-nine names. Mostof its pages
are full, but take sixty-live as the average, and
it makes, as I said above, sixty thousand j
officials who draw their pay directly from the ;
Treasury of the United States. This does not
embrace deputy and assistant, postmasters,
cleiks, &c., who are paid by their principals. :
These added would swell the list many thou-
sands. From the best information £ can ob :
tain (and I have taken pains to inquire care- i
fully) I am satisfied it would require not less
than twenty-five thousand additional Govern-
ment officials to manage and control thje tele- '
graph_ system of the United States now under ;
the bill of General Washburn, and the num-
ber would increase every year. j
The Western Union and other telegraph com- i
panies have at this time over ten thousand em- ;j
pioyes. It requires at least two employes to i
each office, and the number of offices are under !
the present system kept down by the employ- !
ment of the railroad officials as operators, as ,
most of our principal lines of telegraph run j
along the great railroad lines of the country. !
All these facilities and means of reducing both j
the expense and number of employes would be i
lost under the Government system, which has 1
to be conducted exclusively under Government
control by Government officials. There are
now about thirty thousand post offices in the
United States. 1 f a telegraph office were opened
at each one of these, it would require sixty thou-
sand employes on the above basis. If only one
third of the post offices were supplied with
telegraphic facilities, then twenty thousand
employ6s might, do the business; but in this
case is it, reasonable to suppose that the other
two thirds would he satisfied without them?
Only about sixty post offices in the United
States deliver letters by carriers free, while
every telegraph office must promptly deliver
every message when received. To provide
messengers for all the offices would therefore
require a large number of employes. The
foregoing estimate is made on the supposition
that about the present, amount of business now
done at each office should be continued. Of
course, if the number of messages should be
increased in proportion to the proposed reduc-
tion in the rates, and if they are not, the system
would bankrupt even the Government, the
numbers of employes required would be largely
in excess of the number above given, while in
cities like New York, Philadelphia, Cincin-
nati, Chicago, and many others, instead of two
employ6s, from twenty to fifty would be needed
at each telegraph office, making a frightful
army of officials to be used and controlled for
corrupt political purposes, as recent experience
furnishes but too striking proof.
The percentage taxed upon their salaries
would no doubt make a handsome fund for
election purposes. Section five of the bill of
General Washburn provides:
"That the Postmaster General shall, as soon as
practicable, establish a telesraphofiice at every post
oflicc within the United States, thoffross receipts of
which for postage are not less than $100 per annum;"
* * * ^ "and may establish such branch
offices in cities as the convenience of business may
require."
Ill answer to my inquiry on that subject, the
First Assistant Postmaster General wrote to
me on the 18th of January, 1871, as follows:
"In reply, &c., I have to inform you that on the
1st day of September, 1S70, there were 11,705 offices
at which tho receipts for postage amounted to slot)
a year and upward."
There will certainly be 12,500 before the act
takes etl'ect, if there are not that many now, or
they will so report to get a telegraph station.
That number alone would require twenty-
five thousand employes, without counting the
large number required in cities like New York,
Philadelphia, &c. ; and how many new lines
will have to be built to reach all such offices,
no man can tell. That, of itself would deter
me from supporting either of the propositions
likely to be submitted. But when 1 take a
broader and more comprehensive view I see
that this is another and an immense stride
in the already alarmingly rapid march toward
the consolidation and centralization of all
power and authority in the Federal Govern-
ment over the affairs of the people, which
I know will subvert and overthrow their lib-
erties whenever it is carried much further
by those who administer it than it has now
progressed, I feel compelled to oppose it by
every means in my power. Independent,
however, of these considerations, and admit-
ting for the time being that all my appre-
hensions are groundless, conceding, if you
please, the unquestionable power and authority
of the Government to take possession of and
control all telegraphic communicationswithout
any danger to our institutions, I contend that
it is impolitic and would be improper to do so.
A system that works well on t.he continent of
Europe under their forms of government would
almost necessarily work badly here. There
the Government is everything, the people are
nothing. All power is in the ruling monarch
by whatever name he is known; the people are
not only in the habit of obeying the orders of
their superiors, but are trained to look up to
their rulers for aid and protection iu all things.
Their railroads, their telegraphs, their high-
ways, their stage-coaches, are all built, sus-
tained, run, and managed by the Government,
which is in most cases a purely personal one,
or if not avowedly so, is at least so practically.
The maxim " that the king can do no wrong"
is maintained, and the enforcement and main-
tenance of kingly power and authoiity over
all the concerns of the subject is found to be
one of the most effective modes of maintain-
ing personal supremacy.
With us the reverse is the fact, in theory at
least, and until very "lately has been the fact iu
practice. All agree that this is a Government
of the people, for the people, and by the peo-
ple; that those who are from time to time
selected to administer it are simply agents, with
certain powers and duties limited and defined
by the Constitution, and the laws made in pur-
suance thereof, and that all powers not so
granted are reserved to the States and the
people. It has been in times past, under Dem-
ocratic rule, and ought always to be the policy
of legislators under our system, not only not
to usurp doubtful powers, but whenever and
wherever the States or the people can safely
and without material injury to the Govern-
ment manage any branch of business, to allow
them so to manage and control it, even though
the right to do so by the Governmentmay exist.
With us Government builds no railroads, no
turnpikes, no stage-coaches; it uses for its
purposes the machinery which private enter-
prise provides, and stimulates, develops, and
encourages that spirit of emulation and self-
reliance which marks and makes the freeman
the world over. It may happen that great
public interests are so widely extended and
so universal in their application that it would
be impossible to regulate them otherwise than
through Government agency. I think it likely
the carrying of the mails comes tinder that
head ; but even there, where, in addition to all
social and business considerations, the art of
writing, which forms a part even of the plainest
education, is fostered and encouraged, piivate
enterprise and competition are relied on to sup-
ply all the means of transportation. Govern-
ment officials only control and direct its deliv-
ery, designating the places, terms, and condi-
tions of the transfer. In that chaiacter of cor-
respondence every human being, over five
years of ago, of our forty million people, is
more or less interested either mediately or
immediately. Not so with the telegraph; it
does not m the remotest degree tend to develop
the intellect of the people. It is used now
by less than two hundred and fifty thousand,
or the one hundred and sixtieth part of the
whole population; it is used by a class of peo-
ple who in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred
use it, for the purpose of money-making or
speculation of some sort ; and strange to say,
while all this effort is being made to overthrow
the present system, none of those who use it
most have complained of its management, or
are seeking any change in the present system.
I inquired often of gentlemen on the select
committee, and of those who were from time
to time before us representing different views
and interests, and I wasassuied that no board
of trade, no chamber of commerce, no body
of commercial men, no considerable portion
even of the press, harl e\er. complained either
of the charges, the delays, the mistakes, or the
preferences which are now paraded as potent
reasons for taking it under governmental con-
trol. Our committee was organized nearly a
year, and I am not aware that a single peti-
tion was ever laid before ua, or a single re-
quest made by any citizen who patronizes the'
telegraph, asking for a change in the existing
system. Our people are not generally back-
ward in making their grievances known, and if
any serious mismanagement existed, or if any
gt levous extort ion or favoritism was practiced or
resorted to, we would certainly have heard of it.
I know it is saill, and I have been told by those
