1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2429
of Minnesota, soldiers in the late war, asking
Congress to give to all soldiers who were
honorably discharged $8 33J per month for
the entire time served, deducting therefrom all
Government bounties heretofore received by
them; which were referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. CLAYTON presented the petition of
John Bailey, of Arkansas, praying the re-
moval of his political disabilities ; which was
referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a memorial of
citizens of Illinois, remonstrating against the
extension of the A. B. Wilson sewing-machine
patent; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I present the petition
of J. M. Sturtevant and a number of others,
well-known citizens of Jacksonville, State of
Illinois, stating that a desolating famine exists
in many districts of the Persian nation, and
praying Congress to adopt such measures as
they may think best to bring the subject before
the public mind, and to provide ways and
means for collecting and disbursing the chari-
ties of the benevolent who may wish to remem-
ber them in their adversity. I move the ref-
erence of this petition to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of
citizens of Illinois, praying that the Union
Pacific Railroad Company be required to
operate its road-in a continuous line to Coun-
cil Bluff; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Pacific Railroad.
reports of committees.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 125) to aid in the construction of a
railroad from a point on the Union Pacific
railroad, at or near Church Butte station, in
the Territory of Wyoming, to the headwaters
of Smith's Fork, in the Uinta mountains,
reported it with an amendment.
interment of soldiers.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to report a bill of
one section ; and I ask it to be put on its pas-
sa^e ut once.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 968)
to authorize the interment of honorably dis-
charged soldiers, sailors, and marines in the
national cemeteries of the nation was read
three times, and passed.
skw land district in oregon.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1638) to create the Linkton land district
in the State of Oregon, have directed me to
report it back without amendment, and to
recommend its passage. I believe the Sen-
ator from Oregon desires action upon_ it at
this time. It merely creates a land district
in Oregon.
Mr. CORBE FT. I ask that the bill be put
upon its passage.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as m
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It proposes to constitute all that por-
tion of the State of Oregon lying south of the
fourth standard parallel south of the base
between townships eighteen and nineteen south,
and east of the meridian line between ranges
five and six in that State, an additional land
district, to be called the Linkton district; and
the office of the district is to be located at
Linkville, subject to be changed by the Presi-
dent of the United States as the public inter-
ests may require. The President is authorized
to appoint, in accordance with existing laws
authorizing appointments to office, a register
and a. receiver for the district thus created, who
are cicli to be required to reside at the sue of
the office for the district, have the same pow-
ers. responsibilities, and emoluments, and be
subject to the same acts and penalties, which
are or may be prescribed by law in relation to
other land officers of the United States for the
State of Oregon. The bill also confirms all
sales and locations made at the offices of the
district in which the lands embraced in thjs
district have hitherto been included, situate
within the limits of this district, which shall be
valid and right in other respects up to the day
on which the new office shall go into operation.
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
catiiron and maguire.
Mr. BAYARD. I am instructed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 2253) for the relief of Cath-
ron & Maguire, bankers and brokers of the
city of Rome, Georgia, to report it back with-
out amendment; and I ask for its preseut
consideration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Coramitt.ee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue to accept the compro-
mise offered by Messrs. Cathron & Maguire,
bankers and brokers of the city of Rome, in the
State of Georgia, in full for all taxes levied
against them on the amount of notes of the
city, paid out by them after the 1st of May,
1867, and prior to the 1st of August, 1871.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
report of claims commission*.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] gave notice of a desire
this morning to correct a mistake about a
House joint resolution relative to the claims
commission. The Senator from Alabama de-
sired to correct it this morning, but the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin was not present.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope that
matter will be allowed to lie over until to-
morrow.
Mr. HOWE. I am requested by several
Senators not to move in that matter this morn-
ing. The House bill is still before the Senate,
1 understand, and the Journal has been cor-
rected.
bills introduced.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask leave to call up Senate
bill No. 845, to authorize the construction of a
wagon and railroad-bridge across the Missis-
sippi river at Quincy, Illinois, and to establish
the same as a post road. I think there is
nothing in it to cause any discussion, and I
should be glad to have it taken up and acted
upon now.
Mr. PATTERSON. I wish to present two
or three bills for reference simply, which will
take but, a moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the bill referred to by the Senator
from Illinois will be called up, subject to a
demand for the regular order. The Chair
hears no objection, and the bill is now before
the Senate. The Chair will now receive bills.
bills introduced.
Mr. FENTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 969) for the relief of certain recruits of
the thirteenth New York State volunteers;
which was read twice by its title,_ referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont asked, apd by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 970) relating to the pro-
ceeds of captured and abandoned propel ty;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CONKL1NG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 971) authorizing the sale of the site
of the present post office in the cit.y of New
York to the New York Chamber of Commerce;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 972) to increase the capital stock
and to extend the works of the Washington
Gas-Light Company; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
973) to fund certain liabilities of the city of
Washington, existing June 1, 1871, and to
limit the debt of and taxation in the District
of Columbia ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 974) to further define the duties
of the Board of Health of the District of
Columbia; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 975)
to incorporate the Western Land Improvement
Company; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 976) to confirm to the Great and Little
Osage Indians a reservation in the Indian ter-
ritory; which was read twice by its title.
Air. HARLAN. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and that it be printed with the accompany-
ing papers. They are all from the Interior
Department, as well as the bill itself.
The motion was agreed to.
postal code.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to inquire of
the Chair what are the assignments of business
made during this week. _ If there is any vacant
day I should like to get it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By an under-
standing, not an absolute formal order, after
the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thurman] con-
cludes his remarks to day upon the Nprth
Carolina election case, the Senator from Cali-
fornia gave notice that he would call up and
endeavor to have passed the deficiency bill.
To morrow after one o'clock has been set apart
for bills from the Committee an the District
of Columbia; Wednesday after one o'clock
for the Committee on the Judiciary. This
assignment was changed on Friday last from
Monday until Wednesday by unanimous con-
sent. "Thursday has been set apart for the
Australian steamship bill, and Friday for bills
from the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
They are all subject to unfinished business,
however.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then, I should like to have
Saturday, if the Senate should agree to sit
on that day—I do not know that I shall insist
upon it—for the consideration of the postal
code bill, and if not, then the Monday follow-
ing. That is a bill that should long since have
been disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Minnesota desires that Saturday, by
unanimous consent, be set apart for the postal
code bill, subject to unfinished business. Of
course, it the Senate does not  sit on that day
the order will fall.
Mr. POMEROY. It will take the whole
day to read the postal code bill, and I think
we may as well have Saturday for it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, that order will be made. The order
is made.
personal explanation.
Mr. NYE. With the indulgenceof the Sen-
ate, if it is proper now, I should like to say u
