1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4221
go into an ex parte examination of the report of
the majority and publish it at any time during
the recess as an official document. That is
the most extraordinary proposition I ever
heard set forth.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from California calls for the regular order.
Mr. BAYARD. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that. At the time this subject was
presented the tariff bill was pressing before
the Senate, and I yielded to it, although it was
my right at that time to be heard, for the pur-
pose of having that bill passed. Subsequently,
the honorable Senator from Iowa asked,
through his friends, that I might yield again.
I did so for personal considerations to himself.
I do not propose to debate this matter. The
Senate now knows the position of the minor-
ity, and I ask that the order may be made.
Mr. COLE. My good friend from Delaware
knows that other Senators object. The Sen-
ator from Vermont TMr. Edmunds] objects.
Mr. BAYARD. No; I understand there is
no objection except the calling for the regular
order by the Senator from California.
Mr. COLE. Oh, yes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is the proposition in
writing which is now before the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear it
read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
read.
The Chief Clerk read the paper presented
by Mr. Bayard.
Mr. HOWE. Before Senators take position
in reference to that request I think I ought to
state one or two facts which I was in hopes
the chairman of the committee would state.
The first is, I did not suppose any member of
the committee had a doubt but that it was the
duty of the committee to submit a report
during this session of Congress upon that sub-
ject, which had been engaging the attention
of the committee for a good many weeks; and
secondly, that it was just as embarrassing for
the majority of the committee to prepare a
report as it could have been for the minority
during the session of Congress. It is true
the testimony has but recently been put^ in
print. That was a fact equally embarrassing
to every member of the committee. It must
have embarrassed the chairman of the com-
mittee just as much to handle that testimony
as it could have embarrassed the Senator from
Delaware or any one else.
Another fact I wish to state is, that the
report was prepared, and, as I understand,
every member of the committee was notified
some time last week, I think as early as Thurs-
day, I think as early as Wednesday-
Mr. BAYARD. I never heard there was a
report to be read to the committee until the
morning when it was read, and at that time 1
was engaged in the committee of conference
on the tariff bill and unable to attend. I never
heard one word of that report. It was read
during the session of the Senate in great part.
My colleague on the committee [Mr. Cas-
serly] heard portions of it. That is my
answer.
Mr. CASSERLY. I will state to the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin that I received no notice
of the meeting of the committee at which the
report was read until the morning of the meet-
ing. That was last Saturday.
Mr. HOWE. I was not saying that. I was
saying that I understood the members of the
committee were notified as early as Wednesday
or Thursday that they could hear the report
read if they wished.
Mr. BAxARD. No, sir; no such intima-
tion was given to me.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from Wis-
consin is mistaken. I speak for myself. The
first notice I had that there would be a report,
or that there would be a meeting of the com-
mittee even, was the morning ot Saturday, the
very -day the committee met at ten o'clock.
I got that notice with my mail at my house
before nine o'clock the same morning.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM.^ I beg leave to state,
and I think I am not mistaken, that I made
inquiry of the honorable Senators in the early
part of the week whether it would not be con-
venient for them io meet with the committee
either on Friday or Saturday. Of course
there was no official notification.
Mr. BAYARD. My honorable friend did
not state that a report was to be presented on
that occasion. He gave no intimation of that
sort.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. No.
Mr. CASSERLY. The general impression
I had, although that turned out to be errone-
ous, when I parted with our respected chair-
man in those conversations, was that it was
not settled whether the-meeting should be on
Friday or Saturday. I expressed a preference
for Saturday as the time of the meeting, and
having received no notice in writing I took it
for granted there would be none until I re-
ceived my note on Saturday morning about
one hour before the committee met.
Mr. HOWE. These are undoubtedly the
facts; I understood just what I said. The
members of the committee were notified that
they could hear the report read.
Mr. BAYARD. No, sir, I beg pardon;
there was no notification that any report was
to be read.
Mr. HOWE. I was repeating what I un-
derstood to be the fact. I stand corrected on
that. The fact was so, however, that the
report was ready to be read. There was a
meeting I think called on Saturday to hear
the reading. Now, the session will close, or
we suppose it will close, on Monday next.
The Senator suggests that he would like to
have a vacation of two months to prepare a
statement of the views of the minority, and
that those views be then published with the
report of the committee. There are two
objections 
Mr. BAYARD. Say the 1st of July, thirty
days.
Mr. HOWE. Why not say to the end of
the session? Is not that all the time you
require ?
Mr. BAYARD. My eyesight is so poor
that I cannot very well write, and I should
like to have thirty days from the adjournment.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator from
Wisconsin be good enough to answer one
question ?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CASSERLY. How long was he en-
on this report?
Mr. HOWE. A good while, but not thirty
Mr. CASSERLY. How many days off and
on, if I may use that expression, had the report
been in hand from the time he commenced it
until he concluded it?
Mr. HOWE. I should think nearly thirty
days.
Mr. CASSERLY. And at a time, too,
when I may observe there was no such pres-
sure on the time of Senators as there is at
present, and likely to be for the next six or
seven days.
Mr. HOWE. But I think the Senator from
California will concede that I labored under
disadvantages which neither he nor his col-
league would labor under. I had to com-
mence writing when the testimony commenced
being printed, and it came to me from the
Printing Office in different chapters, fragments,
and it was extremely embarrassing. Besides,
Congress was still in session, and the Senate
was sitting every day, and it was absolutely
necessary that I should be here more or less,
though it is true I did have to absent myself
a great deal from the Senate. There was no
thirty days labor expended on that report. I
wish there had been a great deal more. To
be sure, if I had had more time I should
have expended it. I do not wish to make any
point with the Senator from Delaware nor
with the Senator from California about the
mere question of time. I desire that the re-
port of the majority, infirm as it is in manner,
should be got to the public as soon as pos-
sible.
Mr. THURMAN. Say thirty days from the
adjournment of the session.
Mr. HOWE. I have no objection myself.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
what the precedents are on this point. I care
nothing about this particular case when the
report is made; but I wish to know whether
it has been usual to allow the minority, or
majority either, to publish their views in vaca-
tion. Are there any cases where that has
been done ?
Mr. BAYARD. The custom has been here-
tofore when a majority made a report that the
minority had an opportunity to know what
was in it.
Mr. HOWE. Does the Senator from Dela-
ware mean to say that he did not have ample
opportunity to know what was in this report?
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly I do, most emphat-
ically.
Mr. HOWE. I am sorry to hearthat state-
ment. I do understand that the Senator was
notified that he might hear the report on Sat-
urday last. He did not come to hear it. I
did not suppose he cared what was in it. I
did not understand him to send any apology.
I consulted with the Senator, as he will do me
the justice to say, once or twice about the
time I should submit the report to the Senate.
I did not understand that he had the slightest
objection to its being submitted presently. He
did prefer that I should not submit it on Sat-
urday.
Mr. BAYARD. No, sir; the Senator once
or twice yesterday morning, when I was in
the conference committee, and came into the
Senate for a moment, spoke to me on the sub-
ject, and that was the only occasion that he
spoke to me or I to him on the subject of the
presentation of a report.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from Wis-
consin spoke to me, and I wish to say that in
two conversations with me as to the time of
presenting his report he exhibited every dis-
position to be obliging and courteous as to the
time of presenting it.
Mr. HOWE. I was speaking now with ref-
erence to this charge that certain members of
the committee had not had an opportunity to
eee the report. I did not know that there was
any wish to seethe report. I did speak to the
Senator from California, and I think it was at
his suggestion that the report was withheld until
yesterday, and I think it was upon consult-
ation with the Senator from Delaware that
the making of the report was deferred until
to-day. '
Mr. BAYARD- The presenting it.
Mr. HOWE. The presenting it. I did not
understand that either of the Senators had
the slightest objection to the report being sub-
mitted to the Senate as soon as they could
prepare some little statement, which I suppose
was this memorandum.
Mr. BAYARD. None whatever, nor do
th% now, except that we ask that a reasonable
time may be given us to see this report and
submit our views. Thirty days will answer
the purpose.
Mr. HOWE. Now, then, with regard to this
reasonable time, I have nothing to say about it
myself except that it shall not delay the print-
ing of the report of the committee. If that can
go on, I have nothing to say.
Mr. BAYARD, lliave no objection to that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to under-
stand this proposition. I desire to know whether
the point of the minority of the committee is
that they wish to see the report of the majority
with a view to the making up of their mioority
report. Is that it?
Mr. BAYARD. It would have been pre-
ferable, and might have done uway with a great
