1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
637
who desire a change, that the press and the
commercial world are all afraid to complain ;
that they are at the mercy of the mammoth
corporation known - as the Western Union
Telegraph Company. If that is so, it only
shows what a terribly dangerous engine it is
to put into the hands and under the control
of any party or political organization. But
that is not the reason. The telegraph compa-
nies have generally done their work promptly
and well; it is their interest to do so ; their
dividends and the value of their stocks depend
upon it; and it needs no argument to prove that
private individuals watch their own interests,
and do all that is necessary to secure public
confidence and patronage, more closely and
more earnestly than any mere Government
agents do or can. While there are doubtless
wrongs, delays, preferences, and, if you please,
in some instances extortions, these things do
not exist to any greater extent than they do in
the management of the railroad and express
companies all over the country, and the same
reasons could be urged with at least equal if
not greater force to show that the Government
ought to take possession of all the railroad
lines and all the express company business,
under the power to regulate commerce between
the States, as are now urged to induce Con-
gress to take possession of the telegraph lines,
under the power to establish post offices and
post roads. If this scheme is successful, that
will soon follow ; indeed, it is a pet measure of
leading Radicals on this floor now.
I am referting in these temarks more espe-
cially to the plan proposed in the bill of
General Washburn, late chairman of the select
committee, and those who agree with him, for
I confess I have never been able to see any
advantage to be derived from the adoption
of the plan proposed by Mr. Hubbard and
advocated by Mr. Palmer and others, as well
as by the Senate committee, over the present
system, while it is liable to nearly all the ob-
jections which can be urged against the bill
of General Washburn. Air. Hubbard was
heard long and often by the committee, and
while he impressed me as a man of great can-
dor, ability, and fairness, and as one thoroughly
acquainted with all the facts bearing upon
telegraphy here and in foreign countries, he
ut terly failed to convince me that there was
any real merit in his plan. Indeed, he satis-
fied me that the great object and purpose of
his scheme was to save a few weak and failing
companies, which are now losing money by
keeping up an unequal contest with the West-
ern Union Cofripany, by giving them a monop-
oly which will either enable them to make a
large amount of money out of the people on
their now worthless lines or force the Govern-
ment to buy at such prices as they may succeed
in getting appraisers to fix on their telegraph
lines, which, unless something is done, they
will, as he thinks, be obliged to discontinue or
sell to the Western Union Company at what-
ever price that company may see tit to give
them. I prefer to verify my statement by
his. If gentlemen will take the trouble to look
at page 91 of the report of the chairman of
the committee, they will find that Mr. Hub-
bard appeared before the committee and said:
"The chairman asked me yesterday, why it was
•necessary to incorporate a new company; why the
Western Union Company should not come in and act
themselves under the bill ? I will say, in regard to
that, that, I made a similar proposition myself to the
Western Union Company, and they declined it."
He then read his correspondence with Mr.
Orton, the president of that company, who
declined making application to Congress for
the monopoly Mr. Hubbard now asks for, aud
then he added:
"Another suggestion in regard to that is this:
There are various proposition companies at pres-
ent in existence in the eountry, which have rights
as well as the Western Union Telegraph Company,
and which must be considered. These leading
opposition companies are represented amon« the
corporators of this bill. Mr. Woodbury Davis,
of Maine, represents the International telegraph
Company of Maine, in which the brother or the
General (Washburn) is one of the directors. Mr.
Sweet and Mr. Hammond represent the Atlantic
and Pacific Telegraph Company, which is also one
of the large opposition companies. Mr. Ma-son, of
New York, whose name is to bo inserted in the bill,
is a representative of the Franklin Telegraph Com-
pany. The other principal telegraph company,
the Pacific and Atlantic, are not represented,
although they have atdiffercnt times asserted to me
and approved of the provisions of the bill. It was
thought by these opposition companies that it was
beter, and that they would prefer to unite under
a new and independent corporation than under the
wing of the Western Union Telegraph Company."
I necessarily infer from this that Mr. Hub-
bard is the representative aud his bill the plan
of escape from ruin of opposition companies.
It was shown by Mr. Hubbard and Mr. Orton,
and in the report of Mr. Palmek, that all or
neaily all of these companies were insolvent
or were rapidly becoming so; that they were
in proccss of absorption by the Western Union
Telegraph Company, which has attained its
present proportions and power by breaking
down and swallowing up one weak company
after another, as fast as it could destroy their
business and make their lines of no value.
When that is clearly understood—and it was
shown to be true beyond all question—gentle-
men will readily comprehend that Mr. Hub-
bard's scheme is only a desperate effort to
save these struggling, dying, insolvent com-
panies from the fate of all the others, and sub-
sidize the people of the country not only to
save his friends from ruin, but to make their
now worthless stock not only pay them ten
per cent, on its cost, but force the Govern-
ment to buy the lines at rates greatly exceed-
ing what they paid for them when money was
not worth sixty per cent, of what it is now, I
questioned Mr. Hubbard on that subject. I read
the questions and his answer. (See report,
page 155 :)
"Mr. Beck. Speaking of how we ought to pay
for the lines if Mr. Washburn's plan is adopted,
and remembering that the Western Union Company
is making money, and the others losing money,
ouglit the Government to pay anything moie than
the actual value of the lines, or the actual cost of
reproducing them m the condition they are now; or
should it aUo pay something for the franchise-! and
the capacity thev have to make money? If wo
should pay the Western Union Company a price
greater than the actual value of the material used
by them, because of the franchises being valuable,
upon what terms ought wo to pay the losing com-
panies for their property ?
"Mr. Hubbard. Look at the position of these
opposition companies. The Franklin Company iuns
trorn hero to Boston, and is losing money. The
Atlantic and Pacific Company runs from New York
to Chicago, with a linn opened within a few days
through to the Pacific ocean. Another line, the
Pacific aud Atlantic, runs from New York to Balti-
mote. Pittsburg, Cincinnati, St. Louis, Nashville,
and Memphis, just about, I suppose, paying its
expenses. Most of the stockholders in these com-
panies have invested in these corporations, first, and
mainly, to reduce rates, and in that way get an
indirect benefit: second, in the expectation that by
and by the business will increase and bo profitable.
Combinations have been proposed to consolidate
these companies into one large, strong, opposition
company. If this is done, nearly three quarters of
all the office as well as other expenses will be
saved. They are beginning to realize a benefit from
the money they have expended; and they will ask
if it is just for the Government, after they havo
borne the burden and heat of the day, to take their
property at the actual cost, and deprive them of tho
benefit they were about to reap. If they hold them
a year or two longer they might make good returns.
I do not think it would be just for the Government
to pay simply the cost of any lines, without estimat-
ing the value of the franchise."
Mr. Palmer, in his report, says:
"Nearly one hundred different companies have
been organized, mostly as competing lines, but have
soon failed, and their property has contributed to
strengthen and consolidate the Western Union' tele-
graph Company. In the words of one of its officers,
4 it is areceptacle for failed and insolvent telegraph
companies. ' None of its competitors are believed
to be over five years old, and "although they com-
pete where success could be obtained, if anywhere,
they are operated at a loss,' while the business is
every day passing more and more completely into
the hands of the Western Union Telegraph Com-
pany, and it will speedily control the whole of it.
The opposition companies 'never have paid and
; never can pay the expenses of operating them, ana
' their effect upon the business ot this company has
not been seriously felt.'"
Mr. Hubbard was further questioned by the
chairman of the committee and myself as to
what assurances this company could give the
Government that they would comply with the
terms proposed in their bill, and he could give
none. The report of the chairman (pages
50-52) sets that matter forth so fully I prefer
to read it:
" If it should prove, as Mr. Hubbard has shown
would be the fact, that his company would lose
money, what would bo the effect? We prefer to let
him state, in his own words, (page 152:)
"Mi'.Bkck. You fix rates that you say wiy pay;
but the Government has to come to whatever rate
your company will ultimately say is neoessary ; and
what surety has the Government that it will not
have to do it?
"Mt. Hubbard. Well, sir, as I say, I will admit
that if thirty-seven and a half cents will not pay, I
have no doubt that the Government would come in
and take the lines, as they have aright to do, at an
appraised vnluo. and that a very low one.
"Mr. Beck. Then you fall back on the plan of
Mr. Washburn?
"Mr. IIubbabd. Yes, sir; for I must say in all
honesty that I do not believe that when the people
havo-once tasted a low telegraph they would ever
conscnt to havo it raised, no matterwhat the cost to
the Government might be.
"Mr. Washburn. No more than they would con-
sent to raising the rates ot' postage.
" Mr. Hubbard. Not half so much. When once
they have a telegraph at these reduced rates, they
will never givo it up.
"Mr. Bkck. It would operate, then, in this way ;
that if the rate was fixed at thirty-seven and a half
cents, and the people would not consent to have it
raised, then the people of the country that did not
use the telegraph would have to be taxed the differ-
ence between the amount fixed and the amount
required to pay the expenses in order to keep it
cheaper?
"Mr. Hubbard. I have no doubt that that would
be the case, but I do not think such a contingency
possible.
"Mr. Washburn. It comes to this: if you lost
money at your rates, you would throw it up and
compel the Government to take it off your hands.
" Mr. Hubbard. No, sir; not exactly. I say if wo
lohC money there are two remedies: Congress may
allow us to put up the rates, (which he has just said
the people would never submit to,) and make them
sole-supporting, or, under the provisions of the bill
purchase the linos at an appraised value, and get
them cheaper than they can get them under your
plan.
"Mr. Washburn. If you are losing money you will
not run the institution a great length of time; and
if you are making money, and get more than it costs,
you would keep it and go on with it?
"Mr. HrrBHAnr>. Yes. sir; certainly.
"Mr. Wvsubuun. That would be rather a one-
sided operation; if it pays, you run it; if it don't pay,
you throw it up.
"Mr. Hubbard. Yes, sir, and lose our entire invest-
ment, thirty or forty million dollars.
"As tiie committee do not understand that Mr.
Hubbard, in case of the failure of his Plan, proposes
to givo up his lines to the United States without
consideration, the last above remark of his about
losing his entire investment does not seem to be
applicable.
"The proposition of Mr. Hubbard, reduced to
plain English, is this: 'Help mo to e&tablish lines
of telegraph that I may transmit dispatches at re-
duced but not cheap rates. The help derived from
the Government will give me a monopoly of the
business of the country. If by having that monop-
oly I can make money equal to earning dividends
of ten per cent, on a capital stock bascd on wires
put into the company at $250 per mile, being more
than double the cost, I have got a big thing, which,
under my bill, the Government has no right to pur-
chase or take from me under five years, and then
only by paying cost, ($250 per mile of wire,) and ten
per cent, interest after deducting dividends, or by
paying its appraised value and as he says that tho
true criterion for an appraisement would be the
value of the property as a means of earning money,
the value on this basis, if his scheineshouldprove a
success, would be almost fabulous.
" But suppose it should prove a failure. Mr. Hub-
bard's company will have in their control all tho
lines of the country. The people, he says, onee
having had a taste of cheap telegraphy, would never
consent to areturn to old rates. The business of the
country is dependent on the use of tho telegraph,
and its suspension for a single day would bring loss
and disaster greater than the entire value of the
telegraph lines. Mr. Hubbard says to the Govern-
ment, ' I am working at a loss, and can staud it no
longer. It is unjust to ask an enterprising and
patriotic citizen to longer sacrifice himself and
friends to benefit the public. The Government must
buy me out and pay me my price, or on such a day I
shall close my offices, discharge my operators, and
stop expenses and other losses, and will forfeit the
bond of §100,000 which I have given to perform tho
requirements of my telegraph bill.' It is clear, then,
that the Government and people would be left
entirely at the mercy ot this company, and the
filial result is, ' lie.ids I win, tails you lose.'"
I will not occupy the time of the House with
further discussion of this so-called Hubbard
bill, notwithstanding its respectable indorse-
ment. If any change has to he made in the pres-
ent system, let it be made fairly and boldly, as
