1534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
freedom and glory and wealth. It is loudly
asserted that vice and corruption have over-
taken us. And it is evidently true, either that
the great party of the Administration is wicked
enough to promote fraud and corruption, or
the great party of Opposition is vile enough
to falsely accuse them of it. Either of these
vices pervading such large bodies of the com-
munity may well lead us to fear that barbarism
is near at hand, and should prompt to the moat
vigorous efforts to avert it.
Another consideration vehemently urges the
necessity for a more general and more com-
plete national culture. We are receiving annu-
ally vast accessions to our population from all
the nationalities of Europe, from many nation-
alities of Asia. We have already millions of
the children of Africa. The uneducated and
the falsely educated are poured in upon us in
great numbers, and they come to participate
freely in the management of public affairs.
Two and two, we are told, there went into the
ark of every beast, of all the cattle, of every
creeping thing, and every fowl, clean and un-
clean. But the ark was designed for them,
and it floated them. But the navigation of the
, vessel was not committed to the control of those
animals. How long can the Republic be kept
afloat with such a motley crew 011 her decks,
unless the nation exerts itself to infuse into
them a common intelligence, common pur-
poses, and common hopes?
One other consideration, I confess, has done
much to increase my own anxiety for a truer
national culture. It has happened in our
times, and I think it one of the most memor-
able events of these memorable times, that
that strange, silent, sincere, but Sphinx-like
people, whom we call the Japanese, who for
centuries bternly refused all communion with
the rest of the world, have suddenly called to
us for light, and stretch out their hands to us
for guidance along the path of national pro-
gress. Are we prepared to shed upon Japan
the true light? Can we, who have so much to
learn, rightfully assume the sacred and solemn
office of teacher?
I do not propose to sketch a plan for the
university. That is not the work for an indi-
vidual or for a speech. Two or three features
of such an institution, however, seem so prom-
inent and so unmistakable that I will venture
to mention them.
And, first of all, I wish to protest that a
national university must not be a new inven-
tion for starving teachers. We have enough
of hungry and pinched professors among us
already. It should startle the nation to reflect
that the destiny of this great Eepublic, the
welfare of these millions, is committed to the
control of free thought. Whether that thought
be sensible or senseless, virtuous or vicious, it
still sways the national course. We do cer-
tainly know that if unwise and wicked influ-
ences prevail the Republic must surely be
wrecked. Yet knowing this, the faet remains
that the teacher and the preacher, those who
are especially charged with the care of the
minds and souls of men, are the men who live
the nearest to beggary of all who labor among
us. When wo shall venture to lay the found-
ations of a national university, let us endow
it not meanly, but richly. Furnish it with the
instructions of the best intellects of the age,
and pay them as becomes a nation whose tem
poral salvation depends upon intellect.
Second: commit the government of the uni-
versity to a regency which shall represent
every State in the Union. When the univer-
sity speaks or steps, if it does not speak with
the authority or move with the assent of all,
let it do so at least only after hearing all.
Third: let not the national university be the
rival of existing colleges. On the coutrary,
letits novitiate be the graduate of the colleges;
let its course of study commence only where
that of the colleges ends; let its course end
only when the student shall have mastered
whatever is known of science or of its appli-
cation to the professional, the commercial, the
agricultural, or the mechanical pursuits of life.
Let it not be the rival of any college, but an
inspiration to them all.
lo the founding of such a university we have
this great inducement in addition to those I
have mentioned: we have materials which do
not exist elsewhere and which cannot be pro-
duced elsewhere: a Library, an Observatory,
a botanical collection, an Agricultural Bureau,
acollection of mechanical inventions, the Coast
Survey, the Bureau of Education, and the
Smithsonian Institution.
Of "course such an institution cannot be
supported without a considerable expenditure
of money—without, in fact, an expenditure
which, compared with any previous expendi-
ture made for educational purposes, seems
enormous. But when compared with our re-
sources the expenditure would be absolutely
insignificant.
If we appropriated to the support of such
an institution a million annually, the sum
would be ample, and would seein large. But if
we were to levy that sum upon the forty millions
composing our population, per capita, it would
call for but two cents and a half from each
individual. Our very paupers could contribute
that sum and not know a deprivation.
if we were to levy it as a direct tax upon
the $30,000,000,000 making up our national
valuation, it would call for but the thirtieth
part of a mill on a dollar, for but one mill on
thirty dollars, for but one cent on $300, for
but one dollar on $30,000. Such suras from
such means would be very cheerfully contrib-
uted ; and I should be inclined to think that
an easy way of raising the money, only I am
told we have some citizens worth as much or
more than thirty millions. Such unfortunates
would be required, under the behests of a direct
tax, to contiibute $1,000. Of course we could
not expect to collect such a tax without great
difficulty.
Perhaps the easiest way to get the money
would be to raise the'tax on whisky. An
additional two cents on the gallon would yield
the amount. And a man who drinks whisky
never complains of anything that enters into
its cost.
But, if I am asked how such an institution
can improve our civil service I answer it might
be made to influence it in two ways:
First, directly by its action upon the em-
ployes in the Departments in Washington ;
and, second, indirectly by its influence on the
intellectual development of the people.
We have in the Executive Departments at
the capital nearly three thousand first, sec-
ond, third, and fourth class clerks. Out of the
twenty-four hours constituting a day they are
required to work butsix. If they were required
to study six more, it would be all the better for
them and for the Government which employs
them. Many of the best clerks are those who
are pursuing at the same time a course of pro-
fessional study in the law schools of the Dis-
trict. Every one of them might, if he possessed
the energy and activity necessary for a good
clerk, pursue at the same time the full course
of study prescribed by the university.
if, then, you will establish the university,
open it to the graduates of colleges, securing
to each State a number of its scholarships pro-
portioned to its population, and preferring its
scholars for clerks in your Executive Depart-
ments, it seems to me you would secure these
very desirable results:
1. The university classes would, at least,
number as many as your departmental clerks.
2. You would fill your Departments with
clerks, each of whose literary attainments
would be attested by the faculties of the col-
lege which graduated him, and of the uni-
versity which admitted him. Such evidence
of literary qualifications would be at least as
satisfactory as the certificate of your examin-
ing board.
3. As such clerks would generally come
fresh from the colleges to the Department you
would have a pretty good guarantee that since
they had been addicted to habits of study
they had not acquired the habits of vagabonds;
and
4. As they would be required in addition
to their hours of labor to devote time enough
to study to keep along with their classes in
the university, you would have pretty good
security against their becoming vagabonds, as
too many clerks who employ only six hours a
day in earning money and eighteen hours in
spending it now do.
5. You might in that case well reduce the
pay of all clerks to that of the first class.
Twelve hundred dollars per annum will amply
support a student in the university, while the
fourth-class clerk who undertakes to support a
family and educate his children on eighteen
hundred is brought near to starvation in the
effort. So your university, while it improved
the force in your Departments and gave them
all comfortable support, would, instead of
depleting the Treasury, actually save money
to it.
But the reflex influences of the university
would be grander thair these. The university
would bring up to the capital annually a con-
vocation of the best educators in each of the
States of the Union. After a session in con-
sultation with each other and with the faculty,
comprising the best educators in the world,
they would return to their several States, plant-
ing there the ideas and the aspirations gath-
ered at the convocation.
And moreover, after I he lapse of a few
years required to graduate the first class, the
university would send out into the world an-
nually its thousands, not of mere bachelors of
arts, but masters of all the learning which can
illustrate the practical business of life, men
who of necessity must be teachers—must be
living lessons to all who come in contact with
them.
Thus, sir, from the direct influence of the
university, you would have your Treasury re-
lieved and the service in your Departments
reformed.
From its reflex influence you would have the
people, more rapidly than we think, educated
and elevated into an intelligent, thinking con-
stituency, who would not elect blockheads to
the Presidency, who would not send knaves
to Congress, in whose presence I imagine the
Senator from Nebraska, who served I doubt
not with credit to himself and the service as
chaplain of a volunteer regiment in the late
rebellion, yet would not care to sneer at the
intellect of that great general who commanded
a thousand regiments, who led them uner-
ringly to victory, and whose fame fills two hem-
ispheres ; in whose august presence I infer the
honorable Senator from Illinois would not dare
to divide his time between preparing Christ-
mas presents for the unrepentant chiefs of the
late rebellion and forging political anathemas
against the illustrious chief who subdued them.
Mr. COLE. I believe the pending question
is on the amendment to the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man,] reducing the appropriation to $25,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mok-
rill, of Maine, in the chair.) That is the
pending amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw that amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the amendment is withdrawn, and
the question recurs on concurring in the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CARPENTER. Have the yeas and
nays been ordered on that question? If not,
I ask for them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I thought I asked for
them yesterday ; but we can order them again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They were
called for, but not ordered.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I should like
