586
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 16,
Ho. of Beps.
The Tariff—Mr. Shellabarger.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
As an assemblage merely, how memorable
it was by reason of the vastness of its numbers,
and' the eminence, ability, and commanding
influence of its membership 1 As a mere phe-
nomenon, connecting itself in civilization's
history with the death-grapple between two
antagonistical forms of civilization, how strange
it was! As that body which gave to the Repub-
lic for first Magistrate him who has passed to
the first place in fame as defender of the rights
and dignity of labor the convention is illustri-
ous. As the birth period of the Republican
party the convention is an epoch. But these
are not its chief eminence. In what, by its
platform of principles, the convention gave
to the country is the convention's supreme
achievement—supreme in what it compelled
to be added to the science of government and
to the recognized rights of man. How amaz-
ing have been the results of that convention's
legislation on the world's affairs; in the or-
ganic structures of government, on the essen-
tial rights of man under governments; upon
the existence of our Government itself; upon
the cause of civil liberty and the very endurance
among men of republican institutions! Look
at these results as seen in the making to be
actualities in the huge affairs of this globe, the
doctrine of that second resolution, affirming
the equality of man under government ana
law; and of the third resolution declaring this
Union to be indestructible; and of the seventh
resolution, declaring liberty to be universal
and slavery local, and that the Territories
ought to be defended against its blight!
But in this family of illustrious things was
one (the twelfth) which was hailed by the vast
convention with a voice that was absolutely
startling. The convention's shout was caught
by the multitude without, and was passed from
city to city, and from hamlet to hamlet, until
the very Republic rocked upon the wave it
started. And the acclaim of the people in
approval of that platform, and of this twelfth
resolution, was ratified by a plurality vote of
half a million.
That twelfth resolution of the first national
platform of our party was in these words:
"licttolvcd, That, while providing? revenue for the
support ot the General Government by duties on
imports, sound policy requires such adjustment of
theso imports us to encourasto development of the
industrial interests of the whole country, and we
commend that policy of national exchange which
loaves to the workingmen liberal wages, to agricul-
ture remunerative prices, to mechanics and manu-
facturers an adequate reward lor their skill, labor,
aud enterprise, and to the nation commercial pros-
perity and independence."
Passing over, as we are compelled to, simi-
lar authoritative utterances, take Ohio's and
Iowa's platform in 1870, in these words:
" A tariff for revenue is indispcnsablo, and should
be so adjusted as to Lie the least prejudicial to the
industrial and producing interests ot any class or
section, whiloseouring to the home producer a fair
competition againsttlie foreign producer."
Those of Michigan and Illinois were similar,
as is this year's in Ohio.
I do not disguise the fact of the vagueness
of some of our State resolutions, a vagueness
which is in had taste and bad policy when
adopted from policy. Still, they must remem-
ber who criticise our State platforms as the
meaningless tricks of politicians that plat-
forms can do no more than state very general
principles in very few words ; and I under-
take to say that when the Ohio, the Iowa, and
the Michigan platforms of 1870 demanded that
our legislation should " secure to the home
producer a fair competition with the foreign
producer," they expressed the just and whole
Republican doctrine upon this subject in as
good words, if not the very best words, that
are possible, both for comprehensiveness, for
unambiguousness, and for the force with which
they appeal to every patriot. I doubt whether,
in all the history of free thought in free govern-
ment, there is to be found upon any great ques-
tion of economy a unity of principle and of
purpose so complete, honorable, and patriotic
as that unity to which I have now referred you
in the Republican party. I see in that unity
infinite promise for the great future of the
country, because I see all our differences now
touching the methods by which these high
aims of our party can best be attained swept
away by the resistless force of fixed resolves
of the people, to which I have pointed as the
ends of every economic policy to which they
will resort or permit to endure.
TAKING ONE INDUSTRY FOR ANOTHER'S BENEFIT.
I now come again to one of the mo3t import-
ant elements of our great question, being the
vital objection to protective legislation. It may
be stated in substance thus: that the very
nature, essence, and design of all protective
legislation is to augment the cost to the con-
sumer of the protected commodities; and
that such augmentation of price is a direct
levy of tax, through the protective tariff, upon
one class ; and this is tyranny. It is urged
that if the protective law did not put up the
price of the product it would be no protec-
tion, and is only asked for the very purpose
and reason that it may have that effect. It is
further urged that this augmentation of price
is thrown, not merely upon such protected
commodities as are imported, and which pay
to our Treasury a revenue equal to the tax
paid by the consumer of these, but also upon
the body of the entire American product of
the protected commodity, and that the con-
sumers of this American part of the commodity
are thus compelled to pay taxes in the aug-
mentation of the cost of these, which never
reaches the Treasury, aud this often to an
amount enormously in excess of the revenue
yielded by the tariff.
Now, 1 venture to make the affirmation that
even here, as to this rock upon which it is
affirmed our party is about to make utter and
disastrous shipwreck, there is not, at least
among the masses of our people, a radical
difference which need or will endanger the
ultimate integrity of our party. I admit that
among those who assume to lead and make
our tariff literature, which we get from inspira
lions alien to us, there is schism. But I ven-
ture to copy the words of my most excellent
colleague, Mr. Stevenson, who leads the " rev-
enue reformers" of our party from Ohio in
Congress, and apply his words to this last-
named point, and say as he said in the great
debate of March, 1870, (Appendix, page 321
to General Schenck:
" W e are much nearer togother than you think
we are."
Now let us see if our differences go deeper
than to the mere surface, the " incidentals,"
the matters of differences as to how best we
shall get at what we all want—the things "ten-
tative"—and as to which experiment, trial,
experience, will, by their teachings, bring us
quickly together.
First. Who in the Republican party does
not revolt at the idea of making a law that
shall confessedly tax out of one mail's earnings
parts of them and give it to another without
giving to the taxed man a pecuniary equiva-
lent of some sort? There is no such man.
Second. Neither is there an intelligent man
in the country who favors protecting interests
here which are not " legitimate." That is, no-
body is for fostering industries by legislation
whose products, owing to the permanent con-
ditions under which they must ever be pro-
duced here, cannot be produced without much
greater expenditure of human labor than is
required in other countries. For illustration,
nobody is for what was rendered famous by the
epigram of an English statesman, "Making
piotected wine out of grape3 raised in hot-
houses in Scotland."
Third. So, on the other hand, no Repub-
lican fails to insist that any law which really
does have the effect of here creating or aug-
menting a great and legitimate industry, does
by necessity bring to every member of the
nation other benefits than the revenues it may
yield to our Treasury, benefits precisely as
real and compensatory, as clearly .within the
cognizance of just legislation, and just as much
to be counted in estimating the wisdom of a
revenue law or tariff law as is the item of
what revenue it gives the Treasury.
Among these benefits claimed for a law which
really has this effect of creating or augment-
ing in our country a great industry or indus-
tries may be named such familiar ones as
these: that by adding a home to a foreign com-
petition you secure an ultimate reduction of
prices; that the presence in our country of
these industries creates a home market for
some of the productions of the consuming
class, which, owing to their weight, or perish-
able qualities, or the states or distance of
transportation, or the state of foreign custom
laws, or the like, he could get no market for
abroad. Or the benefit the consumer gets may
be in the fact that his lands are enhanced, or
his business or profession or trade, by having
this country built or filled up with these indus-
tries.
It is useless to enforce a truth so completely
self-evident as this ; and I will not. The same
considerations which oompel free-traders and
protectionists alike, from Mr. Greeley to Mr.
Bryant, to assume at least the virtue of de-
manding that every industry that is needed by
civilized States, and practicable in ours, shall
not only not be permitted to perish, but also
not to languish, are the same considerations
which must be set down, along with revenues
yielded to the Treasury, as benefits from any
tariff law which shall in fact preserve and ad-
vance American industries. They are benefits
so absolutely incalculable as to be only rep-
resented by the differences that separate a
State in deserted ruin from one teeming with
joyous and prosperous millions. He is there-
fore without the range of debate, and is an
idiot who will admit a given tariff law to have
the effect of preserving and advancing our
legitimate American industries, and yet asserts
that there is one consumer in the land who
gets from that law no other benefits which the
legislator ought to count, in estimating the
law's fitness to be put or to remain on the stat-
ute-book, besides the benefit he gets through
the revenue it yields to his Government.
Keeping now in mind these three elements
just named, and counting as benefits to the
consumer both the revenues a tariff may yield
and also any of them named under the third
class just mentioned, which in fact does come
from the law, I now affirm there is not a fac-
tion or fraction of the Republican party which
is in favor of a tariff or would not vote for its
repeal that had the effect permanently to im-
pose greater burdens on one class of the peo-
ple for the benefit of a protected class than the
law yielded of revenues to the Treasury, the
burdens being, of course, the excess of the
loss from the tariff above the benefits derived
therefrom. I have once or twice avowed my
purpose to vote against every such law, and
now renew it: and add that if the entire Re-
publican party does not vote with, me it will
only be because they deny the fact, and not
the principle, that conducts me to my vote.
Such, I am certain, are the elements of this
economic faith of our great party.
A RESTATEMENT.
That I may get them together in our minds,
for purposes of the contrast I am about-to
make, I will restate them:
1. This nation's faith is to be kept forever
inviolate in the matter of its debts, its pen-
sions, and every financial obligation.
2. This will require such revenues as, being
