4222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June'4,
deal of trouble if we had heard this report. I
have merely heard from my colleague, who
heard a portion of the report read, the con-
clusions of the majority, which we were unable
to concur in. If our views are simply to be
independent views of the testimony, that will
be satisfactory enough; but I confess so far as
I should be able to concur in the views of the
majority I should like to express my concur-
rence with them. It is always a pleasure to do
so when I can. I do not propose that the views
of the minority shall be a criticism on their
report. I do uot think that was the intention
of the parliamentary rule thatallowed ex gratia
the views of the minority to be presented, uot
as a matter of strict right, but as a matter of
courtesy. I never knew it refused. But I do
not propose that the publication of this testi-
mony or the publication of this report shall
be delayed an hour. 1 merely say that in the
present condition of the Printing Office if we
had our views in by thirty days from the
adjournment it would be ample time and both
could go along together,
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator cannot find
an instance in the history of this body, I feel
safe in saying, in which a. minority have been
permitted to take time to tile their views after
having had an opportunity to consider and see
what arguments can bo made upon the views
of the majority. The majority have just as
good a right to know what tlie views of the
minority are before they make a report as the
minority have to know the views of the major-
ity. Ou the theory of the Senator fiom Del-
aware, neither aide could ever make a report,
for the reason that neither could make a proper
one until they had seen the other. Now, I
repeat, that 1 think the Senator can lind no
instance, even in the good old Democratic
times of the utmost liberality and fairness,
when more than a day or two was over given
to a minority alter a majority report was tiled
to lile their views.
Now, then, so far as tho cpiestion of the
minority of this commitloe filiin; their views
is concerned, nobody objects to it. The ques-
tion is whether they are to have the views of
the majority and sit down and make a run-
ning commentary upon them, just as the ma-
jority could take the views of the minority, if
they only had them, and liavo that, go to the
count!y. That is the question. If that is not
the object, its I must suppose it is not, then
nil lhat is necessary to put the minority on a
perfectly equal footing with the majority is to
nay thai they may prepare their views by next
Monday.
Mr. BAYARD. No, sir. I would rather
nsk the views of my colleagues ou the com-
mittee, who lire thoroughly cognizant of the
facts of the case, us to whether there was any
possible mii/geslioii to the minority thai, any
report would be called lor at this session, or
that any was in progress. 1 took occasion to
inquire the other day as to the practice upon
the committee of investigation regarding the
sales of arms to Fiench agents, and 1 under-
stand that after they hud met and heard the
testimony, a meeting of the committee was
called, and there was a free and candid inter-
change of opinion among all the meinbft-s.
Alter that was done, and they had expressed
their opinions, it was decided tiiat there was
to be a dissent. That was all that was said,
and instantly each set to work to prepare
independent views, the majority on the one
side and the minority on the other; but theie
was a discussion and an intimation given to
each ot the others' views, and then the prep-
aration occurred.
In the present case, at the last meeting we
bad, ou Saturday week, witnesses were exam-
ined in relation to the custom-house matter,
and when a proposition was made in commit-
tee that the committee should sit in the recess,
it was passed over disapproved. 1 had fully
the idea that this investigation was going on ;
and yet we are called upon now within three
or four days of the end of the session to-review
upward of two thousand pages of printed
testimony, when there was no'intimation that
a report was to be called for, when the gentle-
man who was preparing the majority report
did not intimate to us at all that he was pre-
paring it, and he never did intimate it until
last Monday morning, and then presented it
in the shape of a manuscript of great length,
as will be seen. I made no apology for my
non-attendance at that meeting. My apology
was my actual presence on duty upon an im-
porUntconference committee. I have attended
the meetings of this committee with an assid-
uity certainly uot excelled by any gentleman
upon it. I have endeavored to perform my
whole duty in regard to it.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The Senator from
Delaware speaks of the fact that no time was
fixed for closing the testimony. That is
true; nothing of the kind was done form-
ally; and yet it was well understood by the
committee that the testimony was so near an
end that it might stop at any time. We per-
mitted any man who was disposed to come
before the committee to come and give his
testimony. The committee have been open
to receive such testimony ever since the 3d
day of January last, and every one who had
any complaint to make in the city of New
York or anywhere else in reference to wrong
doing in the custom-house felt, it appears to
me, or might have felt, that the door was per-
fectly open. It appears to me that the Sen-
ator from Delaware and every other member
has had every opportunity which he could
wish to secure testimony, and as we were
approaching the end of the session, it was
right that there should be a report made,
whether we did, or did uot, formally say that
the testimony was closed.
Now, in regard to the views which the mi-
nority shall present, I have no doubt that
the statement of the Senator from Veimont is
quite right, and is in neeimianee with the prac
tice of this body I have also confidence in
the two Senatois who dissent from the report
which has already been made by the committee
that they will not violate this custom, this
practice; and therefore I am perfectly willing
to leave it. to them, giving iliein a reasonable
time to present their views, believing that they
will be made upon the testimony, upon the
facts, and not upon the report of the committee.
Mr. FREIjINGUUYSEN. May I ask for
the regular order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Jersey calls lor the regular order,
which is the bill (II. H. No. 694) to prevent
cruelty to animals while in transit by railroads
or other means of transportation withm the
United States.
Mr. BAYARD. Will the Senator from New
Jersey permit the question that is before the
Senate to be passed upon without further
discussion ?
Mr. FKELINGTIUYSEN. I am perfectly
willing to give way informally.
Mr. PRATT. I ask leave to conclude the
veibal report from a conference committee
that 1 was making.
The P RES ID 1N G 0FF1CER. ThcSenator
from Indiana asks unanimous consent to pre-
sent a report from a conference committee. Is
there objection? The Chair hears none.
INCKEASK OF PENSIONS.
Mr. PRATT. I was submitttmg a report
from a conference committee during the morn-
ing hour when reports were called for.
Mr. THURilAN. Will not the Senator from
Indiana allow a vote to be taken ou the order
asked for by the Senator from Delaware? VVe
were just on the point of taking a vote. I
urideistand there is no objection.
Mr. PKATT. I shall be through in a mo-
ment.
I was stating when I was up before the points
of disagreement between the committees of
the House and Senate upon the bill (S. No. 1073)
increasing the rates of pensions to certain per-
sons described in the bill. The act of 1866,
as I have had occasion to explain heretofore in
the Senate, gave to those belonging to the first
class, embracing those who had lost both eyes,
or both hands, a pension of twenty-five dollars
per month, amounting to $300 a ye.ir. The
Senate bill increased that rate twenty percent ,
amounting in the aggregate to S360ayear. The
amendment of the House increased the pensions
of this class to forty dollars a month, making
the pension for the year $480. Thus the dif-
ference between the Senate and the House is
the difference between $360 and $480 for per-
sons belonging to the firstclassof disability.
The second class, defined in the act of 1866
as those who had lost both feet or one hand
and one foot, embraces six hundred and sixty-
one persons who, under the existing law, draw
pensions at t,he rate of $240 a year. The Sen-
ate bill increased that rate to $288, while the
House bill increased it to $300.
In the third class of disability, that is includ-
ing those who have lost one hand or one foot,
there are fifteen thousand and sixty persons
drawing pensions under the existing law at
the rate of $180 a year. The Senate bill
gave them $216 a year, and the amendment
of the House gives them $240 a year.
These are the points of disagreement between
the committees of the two branches of Con-
gress. I will say that the committee of con-
ference on behalf of the Senate were willing
to increase the existing rates of pensions to
those belonging to the first class twenty-five
per cent., but this did not meet the views of
the Committee of the House, and the conse-
quence has been a disagreement. Ou behalf
of the committee appointed by the Senate I
ask that they be discharged from the further
consideration of the subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Indiana moves that the committee of
conference be discharged.
The motion was agreed to.
PKESIDKNtlAL APPROVALS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that t.be President had, on the 3d
instant, approved and signed the act (S. No.
Toil) to authorize the appointment of certain
officers in the quartermaster's department.
The message also announced that the Pres-
ident had this day approved and signed the
following acts:
An act (S. No. 208) directing the conveyance
of certain lots ofground with the improvements
thereon for the use of the public schools of
the city of Washington ;
An act (S. No. 290) amending an act entitled
"An act directing the conveyance of a lot of
ground for the use of the public schools of the
city of Washington
An act (S. No. 403) to enable the President
to appoint a Paymaster General of the Army ;
An act (S. No. 420) supplemeutaiy to an
act entitled "An act to aid in the construction
of telegraph lines, and to secure to the Gov-
ernment the use of the same for postal, mili-
tary, and other purposes," approved July 24,
1806;
An act (S. No. 631) authorizing the con-
struction of a bridge across the Missouri river
at Browtiville, Nebraska;
An act (S. No. 659) relative to the entry and
clearance of ferry-boats and of bonded cars
passing from one State to another through
foreign contiguous territory;
An act (S. No. 754) granting the right of way
through the public lands for the construction
of a railroad and telegraph in Florida ;
An act (S. No. 790) to extend the provisions
of an act entitled " An act for the relief of cer-
tain purchasers of lands from Bartholomew
Cousin," approved February 18, 1871;
An act (S. No. 823) to cancel a certain deed
to the United States of America;
