3326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
law that says it. Nor am I now, as the Sen-
ator from Maine says, seeking to anticipate
any judgment on the report he has made.
Public rumor has already announced the char-
acter of that report; I say nothing about it.
• My present purpose is to help the country
understand that there is such a thing as
parliamentary law, and that the committee
was organized in violation of it. Such is
my solemn judgment. Nor am I to be ter-
rified because the Senator from Maine says
that hereafter in debate he shall meet the
question I present. Let him meet the law.
That is all. I would not add to the law, not
a word; the law is enough ; but I do insist
that hereafter, and from this time forward, the
law shall be recognized. I insist that when
inquiries are moved they shall not be handed
over to their enemies. I insist that that old
parliamentary language which even finds its
place in our index taken from the text shall
be recognized.
"Tho child should not bo put to a nurse that cares
not for it."
How expressive. As good as a speech. Does
not everybody after debate know who the
nurses are that care not for a child ?
Now, sir, it is no answer to say that after
protracted debate, during which Senatorsmade
speeches studiously insulting to those who
brought forward this proposition, they at last
recorded their names in favor of the inquiry,
so that they gave a formal assent. But that is
little more than moonshine! I mean to be
parliamentary. The practical question is
whether those Senators were not throughout
that whole discussion against what the old
eases call "the thing," what they call ''the
matter." Let the Globe testily, and if that
fails, let the conscience of every Senator testify
who has not forgotten that debate.
One of the best parliamentarian!) who ever
sat, in either House was a gentleman whom 1
remember with respect, though I seriously
dideted from him, Robert ,M. T. Hunter, of
Virginia. He was Speaker of tho other House,
and in his valedictory remarks, March 3, 1841,
took occasion to explain the principles gov-
erning the formation of committees; and 1
think no one ean hear what he said without
admitting that he did it with a clearness and
philosophy not surpassed in parliamentary
history. According to him, and mark yon,
he spoke with experience as well as with
reflection, those having the affirmative of a
proportion should have the direction of the
committee. Speaking generally, he says :
"Tho party upon whom it naturally devolves to
propose a question oujsht to have tho power, it would
seem, to present its proposition in tho shape tor
whu'h it is willing to bo responsible, and. as tho
ditlorent parties hold tho allirmativo, according to
Ihe naluroof tin; question, so ou^lit tho constitu-
tion ot tlio committees to bo variud."
Then, in language precisely applicable to the
present ease, the speaker said :
" In committees of investigation "—
This was a committee of investigation—
"In committcos of investigation it is equally
clear that the Opposition, who hold tho atliimativo,
should have the majority or tho power.'1
When Mr. Hunter declared that rule, he
followed the teaching of philosophy as well as
of experience; nay, sir, he explained and
illustrated that early rule of parliamentary
law ; and yet, contrary to this philosophy and
in defiance of that early rule, we have seen a
committee organized to sustain a negative 1
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator read that
passage again? I did not hear it fully.
Mr. SUMNER. "In committees ot invest-
igation it is equally clear that the Opposition,
who hold the affirmative, should have the
majority or the power."
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator this ques-
tion : if, so far as this rule of parliamentary
law is concerned, it would require that a bill
being submitted to a special committee a ma-
jority of that committee should be generally
friendly to the bill? As you apply that to an
investigation, does it not mean simply that
there should be a majority on the committee
who are favorable to an investigation; not re-
quiring a majority who in advance had com-
mitted themselves to the guilt or to the in-
nocence of a party, but simply that a majority
should be in favor of the investigation? The
investigation is "the thing," there.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. The investiga-
tion is "the thing;" and the two Senators
were really against it. The Senator from Wis-
consin 
Mr. CARPENTER rose.
Mr. SUMNER. Pardon me a moment.
The Senator from Wisconsin put forth a new
version of international law in order to cover
the sale of arms. You listened to him ; we all
heard his speech, pressing that strange impos-
sible doctrine so fruitful of trouble if adopted,
so inconsistent with correct practice, and so
little creditable to our country as a guardian
of international law, and yet rumor says the
Senator has been authorized to embody that
abnormal ultraism in the report of this commit-
tee, and thus, so far as the committee can ac-
complish it, put our country in the wrong ; for
insistance upon bad law is wrong.
But, sir, that very ultraism was an excuse
for the conduct of the War Department, and
yet the Senator who had thus barricaded him-
self in favor of the War Department was
allowed to conduct the business of the com-
mittee and make its report. Where is parlia-
mentary law? I speak with feeling. I, sir,
am for fair play m this Chamber. I wish
those who differ from me to have (airplay, and
I cannot consent that a majority, even that
with which I have the honor ot being associ-
ated, shall depart from this rule,which is sanc-
tioned by morals as well as law. Mr. Jetfer-
son has given us a lesson on this head in the
opening chapter of his Manual, when he
quotes these words from the famous Speaker
Onslow :
" That these forms, as instituted by our ancestors,
operated as a cheek and control on the actions of the
miijoiity, and that they were, in many instances, a
shelter anil protection to tho minority against the
attempts of power."
But, this very rule of parliamentary law
which I now invoke was intended as a shelter
and a protection of the minority against the
attempts of power; and yet it has been
brushed aside as if it were nothing.
Sir, the report, of this committee will not
have been in vain if it brings the Senate to its
sense of duty on this question, so that here-
after the precedent shall be fixed that never
again shall this fundamental rule be set at
naught.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I repeat
what I said a few moments since, that I do
not propose to be drawn into a lengthy dis-
enssiou on this question at this time. It is
out of place ; it does not belong to the occa-
sion ; and surely I am the last person on earth
who would attempt to frighten the Senator
from Massachusetts. The Senator may quiet
his nerves; I shall never make any such at-
tempt. I can equally assure that Senator that
he will not disturb me in the equanimity of
my own position. Notwithstanding the man-
ner in which these subjects were originally
brought before the Senate, notwithstanding
all tliat has taken place, to the outside world
I think the judgment would be that the action
of those presenting indicated that they would
regard revenge as the highest duty of a states-
man and the sweetest oi all pleasures.
1 do not, 1 say again, mean to be drawn into
any extended discussion, but 1 mean to state
that tlie Senator trorn Massachusetts in his own
peculiar way has again made his broad decla-
rations here ot what is parliamentary law, has
read that parliamenlary law, and in my judg-
ment it has no earthly application to the case,
but it goes to the world as applicable. When
the proper time shall come, we will investigate
it carefully and see whether parliamentary law
has been violated in any particular.
I only wish to state that from the com-
mencement up to the present time I was in
favor of a full, free, and unlimited investiga-
tion of this subject. I entered not into the
discussion of the question except to speak a
few words upon the preamble, against which I
did not vote; I did not vote upon the question.
I was absent from the Senate when the ques-
tion was taken; but for "the thing" I was
most assuredly in favor of it from beginning
to end, ay, in my judgment, Vastly more in
favor of it than the Senator from Massachu-
setts. Now, fearing that the calamitous re-
sults which he had hoped are not to be wit-
nessed, like an adroit special pleader becomes
to divert public attention from the general
issue to a particular one not involved in this
case at all, as I think we shall be able to
show.
I hope, sir, that the motion to print the
extra numbers may go to the committee and
let them determine what number shall be
printed.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. President, I must con-
fess that this proceeding this morningis rather
of an extraordinary character. I have no dis-
position to discuss parliamentary law or prece-
dents in reference to the manner in which this
committee was constituted; but if I were to
search for parliamentary precedents to find
one on which the action of the Senator from
Massachusetts this morning could be based, I
think I should search in vain. Where will he
find a precedent for an attack being made
upon a report from a committee of investiga-
tion prior to that report being received or one
word of it listened to by any member of the
Senate? I have no disposition to discuss the
merits of the report of the majority or of the
report of the minority ; but, sir, as a member
of that committee, I take it that I should be
false to myself, having signed one of those
reports, if I permitted a Senator from any-
where to cast the insinuation upon- myself as
a member of the committee, which is plainly
inferrible from hisi remarks. The Senator
shakes his head.
Mr. SUMNER. I had not the Senator in
my mind at all.
Mr. LOGAN. I understand the Senator to
say that he had not myself in his mind.
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all.
Mr. LOGAN. But his remarks are that
this committee was packed for a purpose.
Mr. SUMNER. I used no such language.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well. 1 do not say the
Senator used the term, but the words used
imported that this committee was packed for
a purpose.
Mr. SUMNER. I have not said that. I used
the language of the Manual. That was all._
Mr. LOGAN. That it must be given to its
friends. Therefore that the two Senators
named in his protest, deemed by him as un-
friendly to this investigation, should not have
been in the committee. I ask what conclusion
is deducible from that, except that the other
five on that committee were improperly in-
fluenced by the two who he charges with
having been improperly put upon that com-
mittee ?
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to ask my friend :
suppose there were two jurymen who before-
hand had declared an opinion on a case,
would not the Senator insist that that was a
reason for setting aside the verdict?
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir, where they ex-
pressed an opinion as to the merits of the cas"),
as to the issue between the parties that was to
bo tried, but not where they exprested an
opinion as to whether it was proper to in-
vestigate or not to investigate. The only
question before the Senate was that question,
and not the question of the guilt or innocence
of the parties accused. If a man is arraigned
for a crime or for an offense the jurors are
asked the question, "Have you formed and
expressed an opinion as to the guilt, or inno-
cence of the party at the bar?"—not as tc
