638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
the bill of General Wasliburn proposes, and
as the Postmaster General recommends. Con-
gress ought not to grant such a monopoly as is
usked by the Hubbard bill to any set of men,
especially to a set of men who are merely seek-
ing to get clear of worthless property at exorbi-
tant rates, and who do not even profess to bo
able to furnish any sort of guarantee that they
will perform any of the stipulations they con-
tract to fulfill. The passage of such a bill would
be simply an outrage on every tax payer in the
land) which, under our present system of tariff
taxation, means every man, woman, and child,
white and black, in the country.
The presentation of the Hubbard bill, as it
was called in committee, and is in fact, he
being the leading and managing corporator in
it and advocate of it, had this good effect,
however: its antagonism with the bill of Gen-
eral VVashburnn brought out more sharply than
would have otherwise been done the mischiefs
which will attend the adoption of that scheme.
Among other things Mr. Hubbard said, (and I
agree with him,) at page 155 of the report:
" I believe, gentlemen, that a careful examination
of the sabjoot will show you that a governmental
system, with a uniform rate of twenty-five cents l'or
each telegram, must involve the Oovornment in an
expenditure of fifty orsixty million dollars, with an
annual loss of six or seven million dollars."
If twenty cents is to be the rate between New
York and San Francisco,as the Postmaster Gen-
eral suggests, it will take many millions more.
Again, Mr. Hubbard says in his printed cir-
cular :
"The Government system introduces an entirely
now feature into the postal service—the purchase,
construction, maintenance,unit operation ol instru-
mentalities for tho transmission of 001 respondonce.
It requires an appropriation ot iroui thirty to sev-
enty millions dollars for the purchase of the linos
of telegraph; the smaller Mtin being their market
value, and thelarger their nominal co-it. U requires
an appropriation of from five to tcu million dollars
for reconstruction nnd extension ol existing lines to
enable them to peilorm (lie increased business which
will i esult from the reduel ion in rules, and an annual
appropriation of from two to three million dollars
for the construction of new, and oxtension of old
line'-." * * -i' •* 1- •■= -i- * *
"Tho Government bill fixes twenty cents is tho
uniform rate for mos'iatfes, whether they are trans-
mitted ono hundred or tllreo thousand inilcv— a lev,
ral e l'or the service rendered than ischai'Ked by any
country- ft cannot be performed at this rate, and
therefore imposes an animal tax of from two to three
million dollars upon tile many for the benefit of tho
low, ****# + *•,. If
"The (lovornmcnt system enlarges the powe-. of
the Qoneral Government, and ionium upon tho Post
Omoo Department, for the construction of lines of
telegraph, the vii<ht of eminent domain iu every
State—a power hithetlo unused, of which many
doubt the constitutionality, and more tho expedi-
ency of exercising. J t sives the Post 0llice a monop-
oly of the business, by prohibiting all persons from
ti-ansmitni" mcss.ijjes by telegraph for hire."
Is * * * * H- « Hi $
" Under the Government, system, telegrams oan be
transmitted only from postal tole;;rapb office*, and
received only at such offices, at special offices ol
deposit, and atpillar letLor-boxes. it. therefore stops
the instruments now transmittiinr messages from
every exchange, stock-board, cattle-yard, hotel, and
bnuieli office in tho country, and trroatly reduces
existing facilities. It was just this reduction of
iiicililiss, change in tho method ot doing business
and introduction of official routine, that lias pro-
duced nearly all the difficulties experienced in Eng-
land syicc the transfer of tho telegraph to the Post
OUioe Department/'
He appends the following table:
Names and capital of Home tch-r/raph companies in the
United Mate?.
Western Union Telegraph Company, capital and
A?,*bV. y;: v :: $45,000,000
Atlantic and Pacilie ielegraph Company,
capital 
Pacific and Atlantic Telegraph Company,
capital..., ; '!
International '.Telegraph Company, cap-
l^ranklin Telegraph Company,capital 
.bankers and Brokers' Telegraph Com-
pany, capital ......  760 000
Illinois and Mississippi Telegraph Com-
pany, capital,    2 000 000
Northwestern Telegraph Oompan^'capi- ' '
tal.........       5,000,000
threat \V estern Telegraph Company, eapi-
vtal.      5,000,000
V arious other companies, capital  1 WW UUO
8T5,000,000
Mr. Pamieii, for the minority of tho com-
10,000,000
5,000,000
300,000
1,150,0o0
mittee, in his report in favor of the Hubbard
bill, and against that of the chairman. General
Washburn, said, (I quote from his report:)
The Government plan proposed to purchase the
existing lines at an appraised value. The British
Government have recently purchased the lines in
Great Britain, and paid for them a sum equal to
twenty times the net profit for tho year ending Juno
30, 18ti8. If the same rule was adopted in this coun-
try the valucof tho lines of the Western Union Com-
pany would bo $50,230,287. The other lines are much
less than thoso of the Western Union: they are
probably earning little or nothing, but they have a
valno as part of an entire system. In GrcatBritain
companies that had never earned their expenses
received large sums for their lines. The United
Kingdom Company received a sum four or five times
greater thau the market value of its stock."
I presume nobody expects that we will be
able to make a better bargain for our Govern-
ment than the British officials made for theirs,
and everybody will understand what Mr. Hub-
bard meant and expected when he said, while
speaking of what the Government ought to
pay for the lines of these insolvent companies:
" I do not think it would be just for the Govern-
ment to pay simply tho cost of any lines without
estimating the value of the franchise."
He clearly expects, not without reason, that
this Government would do at least as well by
the Franklin and other insolvent companies as
Great Britain did by theUnited Kingdom Com-
pany, so that he did not overestimate when
he said the lines would cost the Government
$00,000,000. And no man can tell what the
new Hues, both of poles and wires, would cost,
which would be rendered necessary to trans-
act the large additional business which the
diminished rates would throw upon thein. Of
course, the Government would get the lines in
bad repair. _ Our people are no more honest
in their dealings with tho Government than the
Knglish people are. Human nature is very
much the same everywhere, and it was found
there when the Government took possession
on the 1st day of February, 1870, that for nine-
teen months—that is, from the 30th day of
June, 18G8, when the valuation was fixed—no
repairs or improvement of any sort had been
made in wires, poles, instruments, or anything
else beyond what was absolutely necessary to
keep them in working order, and most of
them broke down at once under the pressure
of business under the decreased Government
tarill. Of coarse, the same thing would hap-
pen here.
Again, Mr, Palmkk says, in his report
Br .
and       „
over eleven million five hundred thousand messages
annually. Under the Government plan, there will
he at least twenty thousand telegraph offices, one
hundred and fifty thousand miles of line, and from
twenty to twenty-five thousand employes. Tho com-
missions under tho Post Oflico I>opartment run for
only four years, and ofiieers are often selected with-
out reference to their fitness, but as a reward for
political soiviccs. lienor,U Washburn's bill requires
neither examination of employes, nor knowledge of
the business. It uses postmasters, and provides for
retaining incompetent and inefficient persons, as
thoy can ' bo removed only for sudioient and satis-
factory cause,' while all promotions must, 'be made
from the grade immediately below that in which
said vacancies may occur.'"
He says truly—
" That private enterprise, when placed under
proper restraint, oan perform tho service m a cheaper
and better manner than the Government, will not
be denied.
Again he says, and this I regard as his most
potent and controlling objection:
"A governmental telegraph could be used for
political purposes—through itsarmyot'offlce-holdcrs
and the facility of using its wires. The temptation
would be so strong and tho difficulty of detection «o
great that it may well be doubted whether any
Administration would refrain from such use A gov-
ernmental telegraph would concentrate power in
the General Government, and while this tendency is
in harmony with the principles of arbitrary and
monarchical governments, it is opposed to our
institutions. _ Our Government does the least
through official agencies, the most through the
people."
"The Government system authorizes tho Postmas-
ter General to 'cause messages to be transmitted
to the newspaper press at euch rates as he may de-
termine.' It therefore gives him control over the
press."
And he shows that all these evils and, dan-
gers will be fastened upon the people at an
annual cost to be levied on all, as well those
who do not use it ns those who do, of from
eight to ten million dollarsa year, independent
of 1 ho otiginal cost of purchasing the lines.
I think it may be safely asserted that, while
the chairman of the late committee (General
Washburn) has shown conclusively in lii^
report that the scheme known as the posial
system will accomplish nothing, and is, as I
believe, merely a device to save a few insolvent
companies from bankruptcy at the expense
of the people, the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
PaIjMEii] has made it equally clear in his re-
port in behalf of that bill, that the proposition
to take absolute control of the whole system
directly by the Government is a Pandora's box
fraught with evil, and evil only. I agreed with
both m their opinions as to the schemes they
oppose, and with neither in the views they
entertain in behalf of their own plan.
Mr. Speaker, the House must not be mis-
led, nor make the mistake I did at first in
regard to the working of the governmental tel-
egraphic system on the continent of Europe,
and suppose that it is operated there so eco-
nomically, cheaply, and profitably as to make
us sieze upon it as a good investment for the
people of this country. The telegraph is
operated on the continent of Europe at an
annual loss of about four million dollars,
according to Mr. Orton's statement; others, I
believe, make it a little less; and while most
of the countries have reduced their rates in
the last few years, they have sources of rev-
enue which the United Stales, from the extent
of our territory and the fact that we are not
contiguous to any other commercial country
over which our lines pass, can never have.
Take, for example, Belgium, where the tel-
egraph system is better managed than it is
anywhere else in Europe. There the charge per
message ot twenty words, which includes date,
address, and signature, and is about equal to
our dispatch of ten words, including these
things, is ten conts, or one half a franc. Tiie
average cost of sending messages there is
seventeen and one half cents; and yet Bel-
gium about manages to make the telegraph
pay its expenses. 1 he following examination
before the committee shows how it is done:
" Mr. Beck. I understand, you to say that the rate
of charges tor telegraphic messages ali over Belgium
is flow ten cents.
" Mr. Hubbard. The rate of what is called inland
messages, that is, from one town to another within
the territory of Belgium, is ten cents.
Mr. Beck. And that the average cost of sending
a message m Belgium was 17.49 cents in gold?
;;Mr. IXuniiAiin. Yes. sir; in gold.
. IJy*, 1^I-nk. Yet. sit tho frame time, tho telegraph
m iselgmtn paid its own expenses?
Air. Hubbard. Yes, sir; I say so.
Mr. Beok. I do not quite comprehend how for
the international messages, and the cost of them,
were able to brin^ up that great difference between
ten cents and seventeen cents and a fraction, and yet
p'iy expenses in a small country like Belgium
Pie.'* so explain it.
"Mr. Hubbard. Thereasonis, that on every inter-
national message pasping through its territory, Bel-
gium gets a franc. Thoy estimate the eost ot that
message at about a quarter part of a franc; so that
on that message they make three quarters of a franc.
Mr. W iSJifiURN. If you wanted to send a dis-
patch irom Vans to Brussels what would be the
expense of it now?
44 Mi. Ilmr.AicD. I do not know exactly, Belgium
gets ono trunc upon it.
/'Mr. Orfon. Here is the tariff. From Paristo Bel-
gium there are li ve different routes. The rate depends
upon the ioiKo by which the message is sent. Tho
presumption is that it always goes by the most direct
route, auu at the lowest i ate; but, in the event of an
interruption of that line, u would go by another
ro-V;* ™ lovve^ ra£? is throe francs—sixty ccnts.
t/vth it iASHB?lwV you can sen(* fr°m Paris
to the Belgium frontier ior one franc.
Mr. Okton. You can send fiomone part of Franco
;P °ther part of tranee for one franc; but from
the French side of the frontier over the boarder ten
miles, it would be three iranes. I have ahstofEuro1
pean charges, which I may as well put in here:
rrom Calais to the Hague is one hundred and
twenty miles, and the the tariffis from four to seven
irancs, under the circumstances which X have ex-
plained. iho lowest tariffis eighty cents, gold; it
may be 81 40. And so with the other rates com-
prised m this list."
Mr, Orton furnished a list of European
