I 1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3327
whether the party ought to be tried, not
whether the indictment .should be presented
to the jury upon which he might be arraigned,
but as to the guilt or innocence of the party
charged. That is the question which is put to
jurors. But, sir, the part of the protest I
dislike is the part_ to which I referred a mo-
ment ago, which implies that a majority of
this committee was mere putty in the hands
of the two men that he dislikes so much.
Mr. SUMNER. I used no such language.
Mr. LOGAN. I state here in the presence
of the Senate that four members of that com-
mittee went upon it without ever having
lisped a word to the Senate as to the merits
of the case. A majority of the committee had
never opened their mouths in reference to
this case, either one way or the other, when
they were chosen as members of the committee.
These four men are indirectly charged as either
having perverted the testimony or deviated
from the path of their duty or done injustice
to their country by forfeiting their judgment
and yielding to that which was an improper
one.
When I went upon that committee I was
selected by the Senate of the United States
without having said one word; and I am free
to confess that when I was chosen, in my own
mind and judgment, although I liad said not
one word, I thought that I wa3 an improper
Senator to be on that committee; and why?
I will state the reason. For the reason that
I was once a member of a committee that
investigated one of the very officers of the
Army who was to be subjected to this
investigation, and from that I had probably
a prejudice against that man, and in my
own mind I felt as though I was probably
prejudiced in the direction opposite to that
which the Senator himself would desire preju-
dice. I went upon the committee feeling that
way myself. But, sir, I say here that 1 went
upon that committee not to be made putty of
either by the chairman of the committee or
by the Senator from Massachusetts. I may
have been ever so much his friend, but at the
same time on a committee, I am the friend
of no man except the duty that I have to per-
form, and that I will do irrespective of friend-
ships one way or the other.
If there had been anything improper on
this committee during this investigation, it
then might have been well to bring it before
the Senate ; but, sir, I demand of the Senator
from Massachusetts to point out one single act
of one man on that committee who did any-
thingto which objection could be taken through-
out the whole investigation. For thirty-one
days no question was refused to be asked that
was suggested by the Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Sohurz,] who appeared there at the in-
vitation of the committee to ask questions.
He was there every day. His questions were
answered ; no objection was made to them;
and the committee conducted the inquiry until
it was said that there were no more witnesses
to be brought forward. If there was anything
unfair, anything improper in the conduct of
the committee, it would be well to arraign
them; but because the judgment of the com-
mittee is different from the judgment of the
Senator from Massachusetts, its arraignment
is made. Why? Because they do not happen
to take his views; that is to say, because that
committee have not been induced to report
corruption where corruption did not exist; be-
cause that committee have not been induced
to report wrong where wrong was not proven ;
because that committee failed to blacken the
reputation of any man when the proof failed
to asperse the character of a solitary man ;
because that committee failed to bend to the
whims and prejudices of certain men, and do
Violence and wrong to their own conscience to
appease the wrath that has been aroused from
Prejudice in the bosoms of some men; because
that, is the ease the committee is arraigned here
to-day for improperly conducting that which
lias been confided to it by the Senate of the
United States!
Mr. SUMNER. ^ The Senator will pardon
me. I have not said a word about the conduct
of the committee; I have simply spoken to
the original constitution of the committee, aud
have read the text of parliamentary law.
There I stop.^ When I have read the report
of the committee, then, if the occasion shall
require, I may observe on it; but meanwhile
I say nothing, making no reflection upon it;
least of all have I ever intended to make any
suggestion affecting in the most remote degree
my honorable friend. I simply spoke to the
original constitution of the committee, which
I humbly submit was inconsistent with the
requirement of parliamentary law ; and let me
say here that I do believe the establishment
of that requirement of parliamentary law much
more important than any report that that com-
mittee can make. I had rather that old safe-
guard should once more be recognized in this
Chamber than have any report that that com-
mittee couid draw up.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. President, I must say,
in response to the Senator from Massachu-
setts, that his protest to the organization of
this committee was made before the commit-
tee, and appears in the report of the com-
mittee and in the evidence much more at
length than the protest made here this morn-
ing. Why not wait until it can be read ? Why
not wait until the report is read ? Why no't
wait until the examination of that report is
made by the Senate of the United States with
the protest of the Senator ?
Mr. SUMNER. May I answer my friend
there? My reason is this, (though I may have
erred; and as my friend differs from me I
express myself with distrust:) believing this
requirement of parliamentary law of infinite
value, thinking if, one of the safeguards of lib-
erty in this Chamber, and of correct proceed-
ing, I was not willing to allow a moment to
pass without entering my protest against what
I thought its open defiance. I stated that had
I been in my seat, from which I was unhappily
absent on account of illness, I should at all
hazards have made that protest when the com-
mittee was constituted. Failing then, I seized
this earliest moment to enter my protest
against the constitution, of the committee, and
there I stopped ; I did not proceed one word
further. I make no remark about, the report,
which I have not read. I reserve everything
that I may have to say on that until the report
is printed. I confine myself simply to a pro-
test against the original formation of the com-
mittee, and I do it on grounds which leave my
honorable friend entirely untouched.
Mr. LOGAN. I have only to repeat that
the protest made by the Senator, much more
at length than the one this morning, would
have appeared before the Senate in proper
time, would have appeared then in stronger
language than it even appears now, and the
question I asked was, why not wait? Why so
nervous, why so anxious to have the protest
of the Senator go along the wires trembling
over the land to be read prior to the reading
of the report, it being of such great length
that the country will not probably read it?
Why this hot haste, if it is not for the purpose
of forestalling the report that is comiug from
the committee ? It does seem to me this must
be the purpose, and the only one. If it is
not, I certainly feel as though I should beg
the Senator's pardon for imputing to him that
which was not just.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the Senator ought.
Mr. LOGAN. I say if that is not the case,
I beg the Senator's pardon.
Mr. SUMNER. I say it is not the case. I
have stated the case.
Mr. LOGAN. Then, if that is not the case,
I ask the Senator what was his purpose ?
Can it perform any office before this coun-
try save that single one? What purpose,
what object can be accomplished unless that
one single purpose? None other, because, as
I said, the same protest, only much stronger,
with the authorities in it, appears in the
report. If, then, there is any object to have
the law stated to the Senate, it is stated
stronger in his protest before the committee,
which will soon be in print, than he has stated
it this morning. I then came to the conclu-
sion that this was the object from the facts
that came to my mind pointing in that direc-
tion and in none other. Hence, I say if that is
not the object, I beg the Senator's pardon;
but if it is not, please tell me what object thera
is in it?
Mr. SUMNER. Shall I tell the Senator?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. I want to make itimpossi-
ble for such a committee as that ever to be
appointed again in this Chamber. I want to
set up this old rule of parliamentary law. I
do it for the benefit of minorities, and, accord-
ing to the language quoted by Mr. Jefferson, to
keep a protection against the wantonness of
majorities. That is my object; and with such
an object I think my friend can well pardon
me if I am in earnest,, and if I do not miss the
opportunity presented. The Senator does not
feel strongly on the question as I do. He does
not see the value of this rule as I do. Sir, I
have been m minorities. I know the protec-
tion which parliamentary rules are iutended to
supply to minorities; I wish to preserve them ;
and when I see such a rule overthrown I ven-
ture simply to make my protest, against the
overthrow. I failed to make it when the com-
mittee was formed; I make it now at this first
moment. It is not enough to tell me that I
made a protest also in t.lie committee-room
and that my protest is printed. The Senator
knows very well that that is not enough. Where
such an act has been done and a parliamentary
rule like that set aside, there ought to be a
protest every day unlil the rule is restored to
its original force.
Mr. LOGAN. In other words, the protest
comes to this, that no man ought to be put
upon a committee who votes in favor of the
'committee, but every man ought to be on a
committee that would be certain to report
against the party charged with an offense.
That is the effect of it, for if this committee
was not made up of friends of the investiga-
tion, the record proves nothing, for that is the
record. Whether they were or not, that is the
record, and you cannot, go behind it. It was
made up of a majority of members in favor
of investigation. If the rule is worth a cent,
the committee was properly organized. If
the contrary of the rule is to be taken in this
body, then the enemies of the parties to be
investigated are the only ones that are to be
selected ; and I presume the Senate would
certainly not do that.
Now, Mr. President, I have detained the Sen-
ate much longer than I intended when I rose. I
was only actuated to make these remarks, as I
said, because I felt sore, too, under the remarks
of the Senator from Massachusetts. I should
much have preferred if the Senator had charged
the whole committee with being biased and
prejudiced than to have charged two of the
committee with bias and prejudice, when we
have all, saving one, signed the same report.
It was a charge against those two men, but also
a severe charge against the rest of the com-
mittee ; in fact it was severer against them ; for,
as I said, they were charged indirectly with
having been men who were merely in the hands
of those two to be wielded and used for a pur-
pose. To refer to this was the object I had,
and none other. I hope that the Senate will
each and every one examine both reports, and
my opinion is that there will be nothing found
in either the report of the majority or minority
that will give consolation to the Senator from
Massachusetts.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Tkum-
bull in the chair.) The order to print the
report and the views of the minority, together
