1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
42d Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Shellabarger.
Ho. of Reps.
assessed where they ought mainly to be,
namely, on imports, will, with just discrim-
inations, afford to American industry every
proper protection.
8. That degree of "encouragement"—call
it " protection"—is a "just discrimination,"
which shall "insure equal opportunity and
condition of stability, as respects supply and
demand; also as respects permanence of price,
incentives to the exercise of skill and economy,
and such moderate degree of profit, as shall
effectually discourage inconsiderate and excess-
ive competition.
4. This protection should not be extended
to any industries that are not here "legiti-
mate," and to such as are "legitimate" it
ought to be given equally.
5. American wages ought not to be reduced
to European standards.
Note that up to this I have not attempted
to say aught as to whether our party is right
in all this, but simply to scrutinize what the
admitted aims of our party are, and how far
we do or must agree in the methods of their
attainment. I will allude presently to the mat-
ter of who is right, we or our adversaries, in all
this.
DEMOCRATIC POSITION.
Now, against this position of our party the
Democratic party have opposed a complete,
square, and tototal repudiation of every degree
and manner of encouragement or protection
by our Government of its own industries.
I now venture, with unfeigned reluctance
and distrust of my fitness to talk about this
matter, upon the inquiry, which of these par-
ties is right upon this most vital issue?
THE SCIENCE IN TARIFF BILLS.
Let me, in starting upon the inquiry, remin d
you why, in this field, the lamp of experi-
ence is so much the best lamp for us to take.
Let me remind you that if there be any
science of political economy, it is the science,
preeminently, whose philosophy is "what
history has taught by example and it is in
no degree what political monks have found
out in their "dens and caves of the earth"
and put into the books, which they "back"
"political economy," and order the world
to "run" by, but which, with deplorable stu-
pidity, the world has omitted to "run" by up
till now.
How obviously true it must be that there
can be laid down but few (I say not that there
are none) and they very general laws for our
guidance in making in advance wise systems
or laws for all countries or conditions or time !
Among the reasons why you cannot do so in
advance, in any detail, but only in a lew rnost
general principles, and even these exceptional
in their operation and application, is that, what
is a wise revenue or other economical measure
for any country at any time depends wholly
upon the facts of that country at that time ;
and because the facts, both abstract and rela-
tive, of all countries, at all times are shifting,
and, besides, are not the same in any two coun-
tries at any time, therefore to attempt, to pre-
scribe a system for the world, or a policy for a
State, or even a detail tariff bill for a province
of a State in advance and in a closet, and away
from that State's facts, is wholly presumptuous
and empirical. In this field how infinite and
shifting are even the leading and most poten-
tial facts, determinative of the details of all
wise tariffs 1
Among them may be named the state of
population as to density, intelligence, skill,
aptitude, wealth, industry, sobriety, and the
like ; the state of the revenues and magnitude
of treasury demands; the state of national
currency and taxation ; the state of its inter-
national commercial relations, exchanges,
treaty reciprocities; extents and balances of
trade and the like ; the state of the industries ;
the state of prices of labor ; the rates of inter-
est ; theamounts of accumulated and available
property ; the state of machinery ; the condi-
tions of climate, of soil, of minerals, of water-
power, of geographical relations to other
competing or exchanging nations, of travel,
and transit and capacities therefor. All these
lie within the domain of what comes nearest
being attainable or known quantities in this
fearfully complex problem of political econo-
mies. How frightfully complex even these
make it. But then, beyond the domain of
these, or intermingled with, and ever modify-
ing their power in this "science's" equations,
is a whole world of unknown and practically
unattainable quantities.
And putting the two together as you must
put them, because they are together in the way
the world will go, in spite of your books on
political economy, and the result is that you
have on your hands, literally, a universe which
to the book-maker in his closet is practically
a universe where blend and jostle each other
facts and fictions, figures and fallacies, convic-
tions and doubts in infinite series. It ia a
universe where the philosopher's data of to-day
are his doubts of to-morrow, and his facts are
ceaselessly dropping out of his problem, and
fancies are taking their place, and the rela-
tions of all these to one another are changing
in endless shift and whirl; and all these in-
crease in their numbers with the huge accumu-
lation of this world's affairs, until the philoso-
pher has upon his table for the materials of
his "new book on political economy" such
magnitudes as his feeble glass reaches the
boundary of nowhere, such depths as his short
line never sounds, and such chaos as his
analysis in no degree resolves.
This is no figure of speech, but is a poor
and inadequate statement of a truth of vital
relations to the discussion, namely, that all
the known quantities in the world's political
science are merely the results of the world's
experiments. In recognition it is of this
truth that the first Napoleon, a great econ-
omist as well as a great captain, said of all
theories of economists that they were "ever
erroneous in their application," and were al-
ways "rendered erroneous by local circum-
stances which continually call for deviations
from their uniformity. Experience is the true
wisdom of nations." This truth was asserted
by a British minister pungently when he said
of a great tariff bill "that it has no principles
except its facts."
In his recent North American Review article
Mr. Wells repeats the same thing in this sort
of homely way. He says:
"The conditions on which the fiscal system of a
groat nation can be properly baaed and ordered,
namely, the character and aptitutes of the people,
the natural resources of the country, the indispen-
sable requirements for revenue, and the like, are m
each instance peculiar, and arc to bo learned only
from experience or continued investigation, true
fiscal nr revenue reform in the United States, where
experience in dealing with a great debt and exten-
sive taxation is very limned, and ten years ago was
wholly wanting, must tor many years be tentative,
conservative, and somewhat in the nature ot ex-
perimentation. It is only closet theorists, zealous
partisans, and jacks-at-oll-trades who are rondy to
assert that the present fiscal system is all that it
should be, or, on the other hand, that a new system
may at once be framed and put in operation which
shall remedy all difficulties."
And it is because that in no department of
governmental service has the vaunted and
pseudo learning of theorists and book-makers
so cruelly trifled with the rights of the people
as in this one, which they call " political
economy," that it became, generations ago, a
maxim in the mouth of every really great-and
practical statesman of England that "polit-
ical economy is the science in which nothing
lies like facts except figures."
Because these things are true of theories
here, 1 beg the people rather to trust the
teachings of experience, of history, and of
them who have made history, and can there-
fore tell us what they saw done wrought out
in the tests and crucibles in which earth has
ever wrought out all we have of pure gold in
the vast affairs we now consider.
And first let us inquire from the teachings
of our own history, and of them who made it,
whether this Government may, consistently
with its Constitution and obligations to the
people, take any sort of notice or care of how
it fares with its own children and their indus-
try in the terrible conflicts for mastery among
the nations; or whether, on the other hand,
our Government is compelled, by the very law
of its life, to consign these, its children, and
their industries, wholly, uncared for, to their
chances of existence, to be determined by an
infinitely worse than even hazard in a battle
for life with these voracious and insatiable
monsters of .money power in Europe, the
growth of centuries, fed and fattened by the
unpaid labor of packed, oppressed, starving,
vagabond populations of every other nation on
the globe? Demooracy answers this prepos-
terous question, whether our nation must, both
by its life and duty, let them perish, "Yes 1"
How answers our history and its authors ?
THE AUTHORITIES.
Take, first of all, Dr. Franklin. In 1771 his
words were:
" It, seems the interest of all our farmers and own-
erg of land to encourage our young manufactures in
preference to foreign ones."
Washington in his first message demanded
that Congress "promote such manufactures
as tended to render our people independent,"
&c. And with great earnestness he urged this
protection by law of our industries upon Con-
gress, and pointed to the beneficent results of
such legislation, as experienced even in his
administration. (See his second and other
messages.)
Alexander Hamilton, who wrote iriUeh of
the Constitution, who did more to secure
through the Federalist its adoption than all
the public men of the continent—the aid of
Washington in the war, his first secretary in
peace—Hamilton, the profoundest thinker of
his age, and his country's greatest statesman—
Hamilton, the author of the financial policies
upon which this Government has been- eon-
ducted throughout the century of its amazing
life—Hamilton, whose first great effort as Sec-
retary of the Treasury has furnished the torch
at which all subsequent economists in our his-
tory have either kindled their farthing lights
or scorched their moth wings—this Hamilton,
in his great report of 1791, urged upon Con-
gress this "protection," repudiated by the
Democracy, in arguments which the world has
neveranswered, and never will, and he declares
such protection " indispensable."
James Madison wrote the preamble of what
is generally deemed the second (but Mr. A dams
says it was the first) act ever passed by Con-
gress. That preamble is in these words :
"Whereas it is necessary for the support of the
Government, the discharge of the debt of the United
States, and the encouragement and protection of
manufactures, that duties be laid on goods," <sc.
In 1828, near the close of his great life, this,
the father of the Constitution, wrote these
words:
"A further evidence of the constitutional power of
Congress to protect and foster manufactures by reg-
ulations of trade (an evidence that ought itself to
settle the question) is the uniform and practical
sanction given that power fornearforty years."
Thomas Jefferson, in 1815, earnestly com-
mended protection, and declared that "it estab-
lished manufactures at home, and secured us
against, relapse and foreign dependency."
Clay I need not name, whose great life was
go devoted to protection as to have made him
the " father of the American system."
General Jackson to Dr. Coleman, in 1824,
wrote:
" We have too long been subject to the policy of
