1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2431
satisfied if the price was fixed lower the coun-
try could get a greater revenue than by leaving
it at ten dollars and hventy dollars.
Mr. ROBERTSON. The Senator from
Nevada says the bill was prepared by the Land
Office and recommended by the Commissioner.
I ask the Senator if that recommendation is
in writing?
Mr. Sl'EWART. Yes, sir, it has beenread
here. s
Mr. ROBERTSON. Then I move that the
recommendation be printed.
1 he \ ICE PRESIDENT. That would re-
quire unanimous consent. There is an amend-
ment to an amendment pending.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I shall move at the
proper time that all these recommendations
from Departments be printed. I learn indi-
rectly that a great many recommendations
come from the different Departments which are
not properly supervised by the heads of Depart-
ments. In fact, they cannot be. Very often
words are put in that escape the attention of
the heads of Departments; and they are
brought here and pressed on the Senate as
coming from the heads of Departments. If
this Government is to be run by heads of
Departments, we have no longer any business
here in our seats. I wish the country to under-
stand that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
South Carolina has asked for the yeas and nays
on.the amendment to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand this amend-
ment is to put tiie prices at S100 an acre.
Mr. ROBERTSON. One hundred dollars
or twemy dollars, according to location.
Mr. POMEllOY. There are some coal
deposits in the mountains, very large, that we
might well ask $100 an acre for; but take a
prairie country where the deposits of coal are
very thin, and where it will not pay to get it
out; we have been in the habit of entering
them as agricultural lands. Now to charge
$100 an acre would be prohibitory; nobody
would buy them.
Mr. ROBERTSON. If they are agricultural
lands they are not known as coal lands.
Mr. POMEROY. They will be known as
coal lands alter they are so certified by the
surveyor general. The surveyor general does
not know the value or thickness of the de-
posits; he reports them as coal lands because
it is found that there are some thin or thick
veins of coal, as the case may be. In the
mountains where the country has been thrown
up endwise the deposits are very thick; we
find some veins eight to ten feet in thickness ;
but in my own State there has never been
One found over twenty inches yet that I have
known of. These prairie lands generally, where
there are thin deposits of coal, have been en-
tered as agricultural lands at $1 25 an acre
until a few years past; but the Department
thought they should be put at a higher price,
and recommended twenty dollars where they
are near a railroad and ten dollars where they
are remote. I thought that was as high as we
could think of selling them.
Mr. ROBERTSON. By the act of July 1,
1864, these lands can be put upon the market
and disposed of. I ask the Secretary to read
that act. It. is very short.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
An act for the disposal of coal lands and of town
property in the publio domain.
Tie it enacted hy the Senate and House of Repre-
sehtaticex of the Vilited States of America iti Congress
That where any tracts embracing coal
beds or coal fields, constituting portions of the pub-
lic domain, and which, as " mines," are excluded
irom the preemption act of 1841, and which under
pu:>t legislation are not liable to ordinary private
entrv, it shall and may be lawful for the President
to cause such tracts, in suitable legal subdivisions,
to bo otlured at public sale to the highest bidder,
alter public notice of not less than three months, at
n nunimum prico <j! twenty dollars per acre; una
any iftyuls not thus dioposstl of shall tliorG&fccr bs
liable to jmvato entry at saul minimum.
Mr. ROBERTSON. There is an act by
which these lands can be disposed of. Hence,
I see no necessity for the passage of this bill
which will dispose of the coal lands of the
country at a mere nominal price. I merely call
the attention of the Senate to it. If they are
disposed to give away the public domain of
the United States, let them do so and let their
names be recorded...
itf r.^ CORBETT. I simply wish to say that
this bill has been prepared, as I understand,
to obviate a difficulty. Now, these lands are
being entered as farm lands, whereas if they
were at a lower price the people would enter
them as coal Itauds, There is no means of
knowing when they survey these lands that
they are coal lands. There are afterward dis-
covered in many instances thin veins of coal,
and the farmers who own the lands in many
instances are afraid they will afterward be
declared mineral lands and taken from them,
that their patents will be canceled; but I think
the Government have no power to do that.
Yet, in order to get- a greater revenue, I be-
lieve, and the Commissioner believes, that if
the price was fixed at a lower rate they would
enter them as coal lands, and buy them as such
instead of as farming lands.
Mr. THURMAN. I would like to ask the
Senator who has this bill in charge a question
or two forinformation. How are these lands
called coal lands designated, so that one
knows whether he is to apply for coal lands
or to apply for agricultural lands ?
Mr. STEWART. There is no way of de-
termining that in all instances. The great
body of the lands in the public-land States
have been sold for ยง1 25 an acre, although
they were coal lands.
Mr. POMEROY. It is the duty of the sur-
veyor general when he surveys to designate
the coai lands.
Mr. STEWART. I was going to remaik
that it is the duty of the surveyor general, and
then they are subject to entry. There have
been great quantities through the western
States sold at $1 25 as agricultural lands; but
what makes it impracticable to execute that
law is that the coal is discovered in the deserts
where there is no agriculture, and it is a man-
ifest absurdity for a man to go there and pre-
tend that he is working a farm, and locate the
land for $1 25 an acre. The land officer would
say at once, That is a fraud." That is the
reason why the Department asks the passage
of the bill.
Mr. THDRMAN. I want to vote right on
this matter; but really it does seem to me it
is very much in the dark. There is no cer-
tainty whether lands are coal lands or not
coal lands. The 'register's books do not show
with any satisfaction. How can the register
tell, when a man comes to make an -entry,
whether the lands are coal lands or not? It
seems to me that the true remedy would be to
provide some sort of commission or mode of
ascertaining what are coal lands, and getting
some sort of idea of their value. When that
was reported, then we might perhaps pass a
general law. I only throw this idea out.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask the Senator from
Nevada whether there is anj thing to prevent
mineral lands being entered under the title of
coal lands?
Mr. STEWART. This only applies to coal
lands.
Mr. WINDOM. May not mineral lands be
entered uuder the name of coal lands?
Mr. STEWART. No, they are exempt.
The VICE -PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the Senate resumes the
consideration of the unfinished business, being
the resolution in regard to toe North Carolina
senatorial ease, on which the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Thukmax] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEWART. Let the vote be taken on
this bill.
Mr. THURMAN. It cannot be taken now.
Mr. STEWART. The bill has been up- a
good many times. I do not think there is
anything more to be said about it. I only ask
that a vote be taken on this amendment, and
then if there is any further amendment or dis-
cussion let it go over,
Mr. THURMAN. 1 am quite sure the bill
will be further discussed.
Mr. STEWART. I move, then 
Mr. THURMAN. You cannot move now.
Mr. STEWART. I have the consent of
the Senator from California to let this bill
come up immediately after the Senator shall
have concluded.
Mr. THURMAN. That will depend on
whether we proceed with the North Carolina
case. There is no understanding that the case
shall be postponed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair only
stated the notices that had been given so that
the Senate should be apprised of it. There
was no understanding.
EXTENSION OF IiU KLUX ACT.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask that Monday next, after
the expiration of the morning hour, be fixed
for the consideration of Senate bill No. 656,
to extend the provisions of the fourth section
of the act approved April 20, 1871.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What is the
subject of the bill?
Mr. SCOTT. The bill reported from the
joint select Committee on Alleged Outrages
in the Southern States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania asks unanimous consent
that Monday next, at one o'clock, be assigned
for the consideration of the bill reported from
the joint select Committee on Alleged Out-
rages in the Southern States in regard to the
enforcement law, the Chair thinks. Is there
objection? The Chair hears none, and that
order is made.
MESSAGE FROM Tilt! HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson-, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of
the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill (H.
R. No. 1228) for the relief of R. Nelson Gere.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to some and disagreed to other
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 1060J making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,
1S7S, and for other purposes, and agreed to
other amendments to the said bill with amend-
ments, that it asked a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. James A. Garfield
of Ohio, Mr. Freeman Clarke of New York,
and Mr. William E. Niblack of Indiana,
managers at the same ou its part.
SENATOR FROM NORTH CAROLINA.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the following resolution reported by the Com-
mittee on Privileges and Elections :
Resolved, That Joseph C. Abbott, not bavins re-
ceived a majority of the votes cast by the North
Carolina Legislature, on the second Tuesday in No-
vember, 1870, for the office of Senator of tbe United
States, is not entitled to a seat in said United States
Senate as such Senator.
The question being on the amendment of
Mr. Carpenter, which was to substitute the
resolution reported by the minority of the
committee, as follows:
That Joseph C. Abbott, has been duly elected Sen-
ator from the State of North Carolina for tlio term
of pix years, commencing on the 4th day of March,
1871, and that he is entitled to a seat in the Senate
as such Senator.
Mr. THURMAN addressed the Sena'o in
support, of the resolution of the committee.
[His speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr, COLE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the deficiency
appropriation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
rot in the chair.) The-Senator from Cali-
fornia moves to postpone the consideration of
