42M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
a majority to acquit, or what constituted a
majority to condemn before the report was
read? How came the one or the other to be
composed? No, Mr. President, in a matter
of this kind there can be 110 minority until a
report is prepared and receives the sanction of
the majority of the committee. Then those
who do not agree with that report constitute a
minority. In the nature of things it could
only be that way.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask theSenatora
question 1
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish the Senator would
state to the Senate how long is the longest
time he has ever known as a precedent given
to a minority of a committee of this body to
present its views after the majority report was
presented.
Mr. THURMAN. I will answer that ques-
tion. f can only do one thing at a time, as
my friend from Wisconsin has so often re-
minded us. There could be no minority Of
this committee until the report was presented
and agreed to by a majority. Then those who
dissented became the minority, and that is
the only way a minority would come to be.
Thou what are the rights and privileges of
a minority according to the usage of the Sen-
ate? In the House of Representatives it has
the right to make what is called a minority
report. There they allow a minority to make
a report. Acting more strictly in accordance
with parliamentary law, the Senate say that a
minority of a, committee cannot make a report,,
and therefore they say a minority may submit
what is equivalent to a report, though they can-
not report any resolution or bill, in the form
of " views of the minority;'1 and that is the
established usage of the Senate. Why is it the
established usage of the Senate ; as a matter
of eourtosy to tho minority? Perhaps that
has influenced tho Senate to some extant,
• but not that alone. Jf that was all, it is a
very useless usage, for a minority could take
the. floor and speak. It is not that alona, but
it is because the Senate that hag to act upon
the reports wants to hoar both sides, and
therefore wants to see what those who have
investigated the subject iti committee and are
not able to concur with the majority of the
committee think about it. That is the reason
and the substantial reason fur u minority
report. If that is the ca.se in reference to a
bill or resolution, a fortiori is it the case
in reference to an investigation into alleged
abuses in a depart moot of the Government,
which it may require legislation to correct.
That reaches, then, simply.to the question,
not whether the minority of this committee
shall be deprived of the right, to present their
views, but whether I he Senate shall be deprived
of the views of the minority. It is not a ques-
tion about a personal favor to the minority
members of the committee; it is not a ques-
tion about their individual rights at all; but
the question is: shall the Senate be deprived
of the views of the minority who have per-
formed laithful toil oil tills committee for a
long time, and are necessarily much more
conversant with the subject than any Senator
can be who was not upon the committee?
Shall the Senate be deprived of the result of
their labors and their reflections? That is the
question, and now have they had an oppor-
tunity to prepare their views, or will they have
an opportunity between now and next Mon-
day? When did they first see this report
which constituted them a minority? Last Sat-
urday. They knew not before thai time that
there was any such report. When was the
adjournment of Congress fixed at the time
that report was read to them? Fixed for yes-
terday, the 3d of June. Then Saturday that
report is read to them, a review of two thou-
sand pages of testimony, and how could they
prepare their minority views by the next Moil-
day, Sunday being the only intervening day?
Now, it is asked that they shall prepare them,
when? By next Monday, with all the busi-
ness of the session upon their hands. It is
simply impossible; it is simply a denial of
the right to present the views of the minority;
it is simply a denial of the right of the Senate
to have the benefit of those views. I do not
know what the precedents are; but if there is
no precedent, it is time to set one.
As to what the Senator from Vermont says,
that a report may be made here which is cen-
surable, that may be said about the majority
report.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is presented now.
Mr. THURMAN. That is presented now ;
but the majority report might be presented at
the very last hour of the session. It is pre-
sented now; but I do not suppose a single
member except those who were on the com-
mittee know what is in that report, and whether
there is any thing censurable in it or not. But
a majority may report at the very last hour of
the session. The direction of that matter is
in the power which the Senate has to strike
from the report at any time that which is im-
proper, or to pass censure upon those who vio-
late the proprieties of their station and the
duties which they owe to tho Senate; and far
more than that the Senate has a guarantee in
the character of its members that they will not
abuse their privileges to make a report of theirs
a vehicle of scandal and abuse, instead of a
just and proper expression of their sentiments.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I gave way to
have the vote taken; and if the vote can be
taken I will not call for the regular order;
otherwise 1 call for the regular order.
Mr. BAYAKi). Can we not have the ques-
tion, sir?
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President 
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSBN. I call for the
regular order.
Mr. HA YARD. The vote upon this matter
was prevented I think by the objection of the
honorable Senator from Vermont, the party
friend and associate of the honorable Senator
from New Jersey. If we can take the vote
on this matter at this time, I respectfully ask
that it may be done. It ia the question simply
whether we can present our views to the Sen-
ate, or whether we must get them in auother
way.
Mr. STEWART. Before the vote is taken,
I want to call the attention of the Senate to
the question of precedent. I care nothing
about this matter one way or the other, but I
wish to call the attention of the Senate to
some discussion that occurred here at the last
session.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. If the Senator
merely wishes to refer to a precedent, I will
not. interpose.
Mr. S TEWART. I want a few minutes.
Mr. COIJ'l. I ask for the regular order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Nevada is on the floor and the call
cannot be made while he is on tho floor.
Mr. COLE. What has become of my de-
mand for the regular order which I have made
several times?
Mr. BAYARD. It was withdrawn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California made calls for the regular
order but at no time when he could be recog-
nized by the Chair; it was while other Sena-
tors were on the floor.
.Mr. STEWART. The question whether a
report shall be allowed to be presented and
printed in vacation, as a rule, is a matter of
considerable importance. At the last session,
in March, 1871, the Senate sent a resolution
to the House to raise a joint committee on
southern outrages. The resolution was a con-
current. resolution which simply raised the
committee. The House amended it by pro-
posing to strike out all after the enacting
clause and to insert a substitute which pro-
vided, among other things, that the committee
should have leave to report at any time. Upon
that the question arose as to the propriety
of reporting during vacation, and the Sena-
tor from Ohio [Mr. Thurmas] made a very
forcible statement of the evils of allowing
publications of this kind during vacation.
Mr. COLE. I rise to make an inquiry.
Mr. STEWART. I am not through.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will hear the inquiry.
Mr. COLE. Is this in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is while
the Senator from Nevada retains the floor. It
was decided last week that a Senator cannot
call for the regular order while another Sena-
tor is on the floor.
Mr. COLE. I think I objected to that in
time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor called for the regular order, but did not
insist on it. He yielded to several Senators.
Mr. COLE. 1 beg leave to correct the
Chair. If I have yielded, I am not conscious
of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
Chair has decided erroneously ; but it is too
late to correct it now. The Senator from
Nevada is on the floor.
Mr. STEWART. I ask the Clerk to read
the remarks of the Senator from Ohio on the
question that arose on the concurrence of the
Senate in the amendments made by the House,
allowing among many other things the com-
mittee to report at any time during the vaca-
tion.
Mr. THURMAN. "From time to time."
That was it.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to have the re-
marks of the Senator from Ohio upon that
occasion read.
The Chief Clerk read from page 189 of the
Congressional Globe, first session Forty-Sec-
ond Congress, as follows:
" Mr. Tikmiman. That strikes me as a very novo]
proposition.
"Mr. Anthony. That is the way we passed ifi
" Mr. iiiOKMAf,'. It entirely escape^ lay observa-
tion. It' 1 hsul noticed it in the original resolution
I should have submitted some remarks upon it and
liavo asked tho Senate to strike it out. The com-
mittee is to mako publio from time to time during
the recess of Congress the result of its investigations;
it is to report to tbe people from time to time, to
publish the results of the investigation ; that is, they
are at tho public expense to make a sot of election-
eering documents to go bofore the public, not for
tho benefit of Uojigress—because they can make their
report on the first day of the next session in ample
time for it to be considered by Congress—but. they
are to print at the publie expense, to be paid out of
the Co a (i ugtiii t fund of tho Senate, from time to time,
as political exigencies may require, such statements
na a majority of tho committee may declare to be the
results ot thoirinvestnjation!
" Mr. Cokki.uvo. For the interest of what polit-
ical party, may I ask ?
" Mr. Tiiurman. Well, for the int.erastof no polit-
ical party that is governed by right principle.. I am
not willing to trust the committee with any such
power. I beliovc that almost the whole of this thine
is a simple attempt to manufacture political and par-
tisan capita); aud I am not-willing to trust anybody
of men, Senators or others, with tbe power to go
traveling around and issuing from time to time
political bulletins to affect the elections of the
country.
" What businosshave we to do any such thing as
that? Who has made us the publishers of partisan
pamphlets at the public expense to influence elec-
tions? No, sir; if this investigation is in good
faith, if it is for tho purpose of enlightening tho
Scnato and enlightening the House of Representa-
tives, so that we may be enabled to pass such laws as
wo have constitutional power to pass, that object
will bo achieved by the committeo making its re-
port to the Senate and to the House of Representa-
tives at the meeting of thenextsession of Congress.
Thon there will bo time to consider it; and this tiling
of giving us homeopathic or allopathic doses of this
traveling and roaming commission duiing tho
whole of the summer is a thing, X take it, unheard
of, and tb.it has no justification whatsoever. I do not
care how honestly they may attempt to exeruise it ;
men arc but men. The majority of the committee
will have their views; they will have their preju-
dices; they will be biased, perhaps unconsciously, by
their prejudices; and now, without having finished
any investigation at all, but going along from time
to time as they may tind one or another place where
they think they have struck a good lead to make
political capital in the country, we are to have a
manifesto, a bulletin, printed at the publie expense
and scattered abroad as the result of an investigat-
ing committee! You might as well ask a jury to
report to the public from day to day tbe result of
the testimony offered before it without waiting for
the whole testimony to be heard and the argument
