1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3329
available form so that it could be used, they
would at least have some sort of security that
they would not. otherwise have.
Mr. BAYARD. I should like to ask the
Senator from Louisiana how he can term
such a report as is intended to be obtained by
this amendment of his, " testimony V" It is
nothing but an ex parte statement, an affi
davit ex parte, without notice, and which can
affect no man's rights and no man's title to a
seat.
I submit to the honorable Senator and those
who agree with him, that if this section should
remain m the law and be amended as he has
proposed, in case there should be irregulari-
ties and such frauds as call for a remedy,
the very best inducement you could have to
correct them is the inducement to the oppos-
ing candidate to contest the election 5 and as
my honorable friend from Ohio has already
shown, the laws amply provide for the imme-
diate taking of testimony and its perpetuation
in a form that wiil make it available for use
before Congress.
Therefore it does seem to me that the prop-
osition to take this ex parte examination
before the chief supervisor in every one of
these election districts or voting precincts
would be a most elaborate and expensive
method of arriving at nothing. If the testi-
mony is worth preserving it must be for the
purpose of determining the question of the
party's seat in Congress, and in order to make
it available for that purpose it must be taken
on notice, as is required by the laws of the
United States. 1 therefore entirely agree
with'the Senator from Ohio, who spoke upon
that subject, that this would simply be labor
lost and expense for nothing, because the pres-
ent law relative to contested elections pro
vides for taking testimony, and for preserving
the facts in such form as may be useful, and
in the form only in which they ought to be
used if they are meant lor the benefit of the
people of the country.
Mr. SCOTT. The objection which the Sen-
ator from Ohio and the Senator from Delaware
make to this section seems to be founded
entirely upon the idea that the only use to be
made of this information or of the testimony
taken, is to affect congressional elections, the
right of one or the other of the contestants to a
seat; but if they will read the language of the
section, it seems to me it also contemplated
prosecution of the parties who might attempt
bribery, interference, hinderance, molestation,
or violence at the election. It is made the
duty of the supervisor upon receiving such
report, acting both in the capacity of super-
visor and officially as a commissioner of the
circuit court, ''to forthwith examine into all
the facts thereof, to subpena and compel the
attendance before him of witnesses, administer
oaths, and take testimony in respect to the
charges made ; " so that it subserves the pur-
pose of bringing to justice the parties who
may have attempted interference at the elec-
tion, and not simply that of preserving the
means of following evidence that might be
useful to either party in a contest.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania whether there is not
abundant machinery in the other sections of
that law for the purpose of the prosecution
and conviction of persons who may offend
against its provisions ?
Mr. SCOTT. There may be.
Mr. BAYARD. In half a dozen different
sections ; and evidently the object of this sec-
tion was for the perpetuation of testimony
and its return to Congress, and it is perfectly
plain, as the honorable Senator himself will
admit, that if you do perpetuate it in this
form you make it worthless as testimony to
affect the seat of anybody. The other sections
of the law give ample machinery for the im-
mediate and very severe punishment of any
person who shall infringe the- provisions of
the law.
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 209.
Mr. SCO TT. It may be that there are other
penal provisions in this act of Congress which
may enable prosecutions to be carried on
against those who may offend against its pro-
visions ; and it is also apparent that the clos-
ing words of the section do contemplate that
information should be filed with the Clerk of
the House of Representatives. While we all
agree that the information filed in this manner
would not be testimony to be received by the
committee, yet I submit that imposing the
duty upon the supervisors of making this
return to the United States commissioner may
be, and doubtless will be, an effectual trteans
of bringing to justice those -who may attempt
the offenses enumerated in this section, and
it ought to be retained for that purpose, if for
110 other.
Mr. THURMAN. That cannot be the idea
at all, for several reasons. In the first place
if that had been the idea of the section, pro-
vision would have been made for laying the
testimony before the district, attorney. There
is no such provision. The district attorney
is the proper person to bring the matter to the
attention of the grand jury, and without its
being brought to the attention of the grand
jury and a bill found by them, no prosecution
can take place in the form of an indictment.
I think I counted up sixty or eighty different
offenses that were made by this bill, and which
were indictable ; but there is no such provision
as that in this seventh sectiou, nor any such
thing contemplated at all. On the contrary,
the bill provides for prosecutions that are to
be had, and provides how they shall be had.
It provides how persons who commit the of-
fenses that are named in this seventh section
shall be prosecuted, before whom they shall
be brought, and how they shall be prosecuted
by indictment, and punished upon conviction.
This has nothing at all to do with that, and
does not touch it.
Now, I put it to the Senator himself. Take
a congressional election in which there may
be perhaps a thousand voting precincts, or
if not so many as that, at least several
hundred voting precincts. There are some
congressional districts that cover a whole
State, where the whole State is but one dis-
trict. There arc a multitude of election pre-
cincts in that. I suppose in a large number
of these precincts there are supervisors ap-
pointed uuder this bill which you have now.
before you if it shall become a law, and some-
body sees fit in a large number of those pre-
cincts to get np a complaint and send it to
the supervisor—a thing very likely to be done
by the party that is defeated in the election.
What is he to do? To go on and make an
examination at fifty, one hundred, or two hun-
dred places, or to summon people from those
places to some point which he may designate,
for this law does not fix any place where he
shall make his investigations ? He is to go on
and take ex parte testimony. He gives notice
to nobody. He does not even publish a notice
that he is going to make an investigation or
that he is going to take any testimony. livery
word of testimony that he takes may be in
secret. Every word of it may be a perfectly
star-chamber proceeding—no examination at
all in any sense that may be called judicial,
no cross-examination of witnesses, no attend-
ance of parties interested in the contest on
either side, but wholly on ex parte proceeding
from beginning to end, conducted in secret if
he sees fit to do it—a regular star-ehamber pro-
ceeding; and then in the end it is not worth
the paper it is written upon.
Nothing of the kind is necessary for the
purposes of justice. Why, sir, if a super-
visor is interfered with in the discharge of his
duties, will it not be publicly notorious? Can
there be such a thing as an interference with
a supervisor in a popular election, in the dis-
charge of his duties, without that thing being
public and notorious; and will not that be
sufficient to bring the offender to justice?
Your very law provides for taking him right
there, on the spot.^ Even if one of the judges
of election should interfere with a supervisor,
your law provides for taking that judge from,
the seat where he is receiving the votes, and
dragging him before a United States com-
missioner, even though it should put an end
to the election. You have machinery enough,
Heaven knows, in this bill for bringing people
to justice who violate the law. You want no
such Star-Chamber ex parte examination as
this.
Sir, the whole of this business, from first to
last, is simply this: you are t.o have a partisan
investigation, conducted in secret, without the
man who is interested to show the falsity of
the charges that are made ever having a day
m courtf ever having an opportunity to cross-
examine a witness, ever having an opportunity
to present a witness of his own ; you are to
have a Star Chamber; ex parte, partisan in-
vestigation simply for partisan purposes; and
when you have got it before the House of
Representatives, not one word of it can be
read in evidence ; and this proceeding may
continue up to the time of the sitting of the
House of Representatives, although your law
in regard to the taking of testimony in con-
tested elections requires that testimony to be
taken within the limited space of ninety days.
There is no reason whatever, 1 submit, for
retaining this section. 1 have no doubt it was
inadvertently put in. I have no doubt if the
attention of the Senate had been called to it
it would never have been enacted into a law;
but now, that the attention of the Slate is
called to it, I hope it will be repealed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. Mor-
rill, of Vermont, in the chair.) The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio to the amendment of the Senator
from Louisiana.
Mr. CARPENTER. I certainly hope the
Senate will not, upon the imperfect considera-
tion that is being given to this comparatively
unimportant bill, attempt to revise or amend
the original law. That was passed upon great
consid eration and met the views of all those men
who were friendly to any such measure; and
to go now to amending it by striking out sec-
tions here and there, without a careful exam-
ination of the effect they might have on the
law at large, is simply a very dangerous pro-
ceeding. I hope the Senate will vote down
the amendment to the amendment-
Mr. BAYARD. I cannot forbear making a
comment upon the remark of the Senatar
from Wisconsin that this law was very care-
fully considered when it was before the Senate,
and that this amendment might mar its sym-
metry. Let me recall to the Senate some-
thing of the history of the adoption of the
law. It was a House bill. It came here from
the House. It was referred to a committee.
During the time it lay in committee it under-
went the investigation of that higher body,
known as a caucus, of the majority party of
the Senate, and it was reported to the Senate
as the result of that deliberation, and when^it
came in here, we were told it was to become a
law before the Senate adjourned. I remem-
ber the scene well. It was not a creditable
scene for tbe Congress of the United States.
I remember very well when the Senator f om
New York, not now in his seat, [Mr. Conk-
ling,] made a party call in this Chamber, and
desired Senators to remain here until that bill
became a law; and how was that to be ac-
complished? It was by telling the minority
here, feeble indeed in numbers, that they
might talk themselves hoarse, and when from
mere physical fatigue the debate should fail,
then the majority would vote upon it; and so
the spectacle was presented to the country of
a debate upon a measure of the importance
and gravity of this continued only on one side
of the question. It was the decree of the
caucus that no member of the majority should
open his mouth, and they sat here as dumb as
