1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2433
over would base their votes upon that under-
standing and arrangement. It was not only
to accommodate the Senator from North Car-
olina, but to give an early interval for the con-
sideration of the deficiency bill, to be followed
by other appropriation bills and special assign-
ments, to which attention was called, and, as
my friend from Vermont reminds me, to accom-
modate the honorable Senator from Ohio, who
very naturally did not wish at so late an hour
to speak, and who I thought—although per-
haps he did not say that in so many words—
rather preferred to go on this day. Although
he mentioned that he had another engagement
which he had to waive, it seemed to be agree-
able to him to go on during this day.
Now, I say to the Senator from Delaware,
and to every other Senator, speaking with
confidence to those who were here, that a
more distinct understanding could not have
been arrived at by the statement, and by the
silence of those who acquiesced in it, than was
come to that the Senator from Ohio should
have the floor to-day at one o'clock at his
pleasure, that after that a postponement of
several days should take place, carrying this
election case over the several assignments
made for different days, to which attention
was called, and not looking to a resumption
of it until the Senator from California had
completed that business of which he informed
us. Although I have not, for one, the slightest
preference about this, I feel as distinctly
bound as I ever was by an understanding in the
Senate, to see that the Senator from North
Carolina takes no harm by his absence, and
that the Senator from California is permitted
to take up the deficiency bill, and that the Sen-
ate observe the assignments which have been
made for different day3, so postponing until
the end of them this election matter.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to say, and that
in the most decided manner, that I had no
such understanding as that which has been
spoken of. I know very well the Senator from
North Carolina wanted me to agree that the
matter might be postponed over this week
after I had spoken, because he said he was to
go away, and I answered him that I would not
agree to that at all, and that for the reason
that I myself would necessarily be absent
next week. A misfortune which happened
to my son compels me to go home. I cannot
defer it longer; I ought to have gone home
long ago. Now I am compelled to go. I told
the Senator from North Carolina that I would-
not consent to the postponement of the mat-
ter over this week as he desired, but I would
agree that he might speak on Saturday if he
saw fit, or if he would stay until to-day he
might take the floor to-day. He said he could
not stay until Monday,and the Senate adjourned
over from Friday to Monday. There was cer-
tainly some conversation about it, for it was
proposed by the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmunds] that the whole subject should be
postponed until this day week, when it should
be resumed. I objected to that on the ground
that I wanted to speak while the anvil was
hot; I did not want to be compelled to recall
the matter to recollection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then my friend will
remember it was suggested in reply to that
that we should hear him with pleasure to-day,
and reference was made to the fact that being
a law question time would be required.
Mr. THURMAN. I was going to state that
that was suggested. I think the Senator him-
self made the suggestion. Undoubtedly it was
so ; but about a half dozen Senators or more
around me were talking about it just as the
Senate adjourned. I was not paying attention
to what was said. I asked some one if any
understanding had been come to, and those
around me said no, that no understanding had
been arrived at. So that certainly it was not
understood by a number of Senators that there
was any such agreement. I do not pretend to
say but that others understood that there was
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 153.
such an agreement, but certainly I did not
understand it, nor did the Senators immedi-
ately around me. There were four or five of
them, for I asked them when the Senate ad-
journed if there was any such understanding,
and they said there was not. No Senator, of
course, would break any arrangement that had
been made about it. I have no feeling about
it one way or the other except that I should
like to be here to vote.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to say that I
had no understanding, and did not know that
there was any understanding on the part of
any person that there was to be a postpone-
ment of this question, because if I supposed
there had been any such understanding 1 would
be among the last on the floor to violate it. I
would objectto any violation of an understand-
ing by any Senator. I have no doubt the hon-
orable Senator from New York, who asserts
so positively that there was an understanding,
so believes; but I relied on the declaration of
the Presidentof the Senate and the declaration
of other persons, and I have a right to take
that in preference to the Senator's declaration
that there was an agreement. He had that
understanding, I doubt not; but I do not think
that should go out as a positive assertion, rec-
ognized by every person in the Senate, that
there was such an understanding, because, so
far as I am concerned, and the gentlemen
around me, that was not the understanding.
Mr. ALCORN. I can say for gentlemen
near me that we did not hold to any such
understanding as is mentioned with such em-
phasis. I am not very conversant with the
manner of doing business in this body, but I
do not hold myself bound by an understanding
supposed to be arrived at by one or two Sena-
tors having a colloquial sort of discussion and
agreeing that the Senate will do a certain thing.
I hold myself free to act whenever the time
comes upon that question as I think the neces-
sities of the case demand. A few Senators
had a conversation to themselves. Those who
were around me took no part in it at all, and
there was no question put to the Senate as to
whether the Senate would agree to this or that,
and there was no conclusion, in truth, for X
observed for myself the conversation, and there
was no agreement even among themselves as
to whether the Senate should postpone or not
postpone the North Carolina case. I am will-
ing to accord freely and have no doubt of the
fact that the Senator from New York believes
just what he asserts so positively, but on the
other hand, I choose to assert for myself just
here that there was no understanding at all by
the Senate upon the question.
Mr. COLE. I thought this question was
settled by a vote of the Senate. Whether
there was an appeal from the vote announced
I did not hear. The Chair announced——
The VICE PRESIDENT. A division was
demanded, as the Chair understands.
Mr. POMEROY. Being in the chair at the
moment, I will say that the Chair decided that
the ayes appeared to have it, but a division
was then demanded. Under that demand this
debate has been carried on.
Mr. COLE. Let us have the division, then.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
take the seuse of the Senate, if the debate is
ended. The question is on the motion of the
Senator from California, to postpone the pres-
ent order for the purpose of considering the
deficiency appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 27, noes 18.
Mr. LOGAN. We have had so many post-
ponements of this case—it has been a very an-
noying one to the Senate, I know—that I think
it would be very gratifying to all if we could
agree upon a time when the case shall be
brought to an end. I left, the other evening,
before the agreement was consummated, if
there was one, and I really do not know
whether it was or not. It was in the power
of the majority of the Seuatfe if it was so. If
the Senator fVom Nona Carolina is to speak
on Monday, I presume, as I observe that other
gentlemen have been taking notes, probably
something may be said by others. I suggest to
the Senate to make an agreement that we take
the vote at a certain hour, giving ample time
for all that the Senator from North Carolina
may desire to say and for a reply to that, and
a reply to the argument of my friend from
Ohio to-day ; say Tuesday of next week, at
four o'clock.
Mr. COLE. It seems to me we had better
wait until the Senator from North Carolina
returns, inasmuch as this postponement was
arranged for his particular accommodation.
We have no definite information as to when
he will return.
Mr. LOGAN. I will answer the Senator in
this way: as I understand the statement of
Senators who say there was an agreement on
I?riday last, the case was to be postponed until
Monday next to enable the Senator from North
Carolina to have an opportunity of making a
speech upon it; but if you are going to post-
pone it indefinitely on account of any one
Senator, it seems t.o me that is showiug a
greater regard to one Senator than has ever
been asked for before in the Senate or any
other body. I understood the postponement
was to be until Monday. That was my under-
standing when the vote was taken a moment
ago.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I suggest to my friend
from Illinois that in a case of this kind, involv-
ing a law question of great importance, not
involving any party considerations, it would
be rather an anomaly to declare, as if it were
a contest and there was an effort to stave off
a decision, that we would vote at a particular
moment? I am sure the Senate will all agree
at any time when the gentlemen who repre-
sent the opposite views m committee are pres-
ent that we will at the earliest convenient,
moment take this subject up and finish it.
without declaring that nobody shall say a
word after a particular gentleman gets through.
I am sure there is no danger that this case
will be postponed beyond the term of the Sen-
ator from North Carolina.
Mr. LOGAN. I am not saying that there
is any disposition to postpone it, nor do I
insinuate any such thing; but to say that we
will wait until all the Senators entertaining
opposite views in the committee are present
is equivalent to saying something, judging
from the facts existing heretofore, that will
practically prevent us from ever determining
the case. I do not know of a time since this
question has been reported that the whole of
that committee has been present. It has been
taken up, or tried to be takes up, at least a
dozen times, or very nearly that many, and it
seems to roe it is nothing but fair to name
some time when it shall be disposed of, in
order to prevent its going over on account of
o\her business. If at that time the Senate is
not ready to vote, a majority of the Senate
can certainly determine that fact; but it does
seem to me, although the importance of this
case is very great, that we ought to have some
time fixed when it shall be determined.
Mr. COLE. I must insist on the regular
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The deficiency
bill is before the Senate.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not know whether the
Senator has a right to take me off the floor or
not after I have been recognized by the Chair.
Mr. COLE. I think so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the Senator from Illinois is entitled to the floor.
Mr. LOGAN. I will say to the Senator from
California that that is a piece of politeness I
have never exhibited toward him.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator will not
take umbrage at what I said.
Mr. LOGAN." Not at all; but I do not
think it very proper when another Senator is
occupying the floor to interpose in that way.
