1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
641
ment—some legislation of a distinct and exclusive
character, which shall give prestige to this corpora-
tion, and enable it to become a profitable specula-
tion in the hands of its promoters. So far as it re-
spects the right to enter upon post roads, or to cross
the public domain, these privileges are equally open
to a State corporation which accepts the act of 1866.
" If it is said that the right conferred by that
statute is of a doubtful constitutionality, because it
contains no provision for making compensation for
private injuries, as is done under the bill proposed
by Mr. Hubbard, and if such a provision would set-
tle the question of the constitutionality of that part
of the law, a more ample andeffectiveremedy would
seem to be to add a section to the law of 1866. But
the question of the constitutionality of such legisla-
tion is net so easily disposed of. It was distinctly
denied, in the debate in the Senate which preceded
the passage of that act, that Congress could, confer
any such power upon private corporations; and the
most that was said in reply was. that if any company
should accept the act they would have an opportunity
to try the auestion of its constitutionality before
the courts."
When this subject came before the House on
the second day of the present session, indorsed
as it was by the President and his Postmas
ter General, and the proposition was made to
refer it to a select committee, I opposed it. I
also opposed the reference to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post lioads, urging its
reference to the Committee on Appropriations,
to which it was sent by a very close vote, as
the most conservative and economical, and the
one least likely to be swayed by any outside
influences. I knew that the Speaker would
be compelled by the rules of the Ilouse, if a
select committee was ordered, to appoint one,
a rmgoiity of whose members were friendly to
the scheme. I assumed, too, and I think prop-
erly, that in making up the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, the Speaker, in
proper deference to the Postmaster General,
selected gentlemen a majority of whom were
known to be his friends and in favor of for-
warding the aims of the Department, of which
this was a pet measure.
I know, too, from an experience of two
years on the Committee on Appropriations,
that its members look with care, I may say
with suspicion, on any proposition which
takes money out of the Treasury; so that
before the committee now having the subject
in charge I expect all the questions to receive
a fair and unbiased consideration. It is
because I so believe that I have taken the
time and the trouble to restudy the question,
and present my views to thorn and the House.
I happened to say, in the debate referred to,
that while the Western Union Company had
opposed the proposition before the late select
committee, a portion of the pi ess now alleged
that they favored it at this time, and the |
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office i
and Post Roads said on the floor that the i
stock of that company had advanced two per r
cent, in one day on the strength of the JPresi- .
dent1 s message. Mv statement drew out a j
telegraphic communication in the form of a ]
letter to me from the president of the West- I
ern Union Company, saying that the directors |
of that company were opposed to the whole ;
project. I thereupon wrote to Mr. Orton, j
stating that I desired information as to the |
truth of the facts set forth in the report of |
the Postmaster General relative to the cost
of the governmental telegraph system m
England and on the Continent of Europe.
My letter was placed in the hands of George
W. Prescott, esq., electrician of the company,
from whom 1 received the following response.
I have no apology to offer for its length, be-
cause it is full ot valuable information on the
subjects which the committee and the House
need information upon:
Electrician's Office,
Western Union Telegraph Company,
New York, January 16, 1S71.
Dear Sir * Mr. Orton has handed mo your favor
of December 23 with directions to furnish you with
such "information m my possession a." jou lequirc.
i therefore inclosehcrowith statements showing the
number of miles ot line and wire, and number of
instruments in operation, m ail the countries of
Europe. altogether with the number ot telegraph
offices, population, number ot messages sent, and
t.hftreeftinta and expenses of the service. Thesta-
tho receipts and expen;
A Orv H/yn.tv1 9n RFQ:
tistics for the continental countries of Europe are
for the year ending December 1)1,1869, the latest year
foi which complete returns have been received;
while those for Great Britain and Ireland are for
the fourteen months ending March 31,1871.
In Europe the telegraph system embraces 175,490
miles of line, 475,007 miles of wire, and 15,503 offices.
The number of messages transmitted was 33^111.386,
the gross receipts for the transmission of which
were $15,146,551 20 in American gold currency, and
the expenditures $19,558,016 76, being an excess
of expenditures over receipts of $4,411,465 56. The
tolls for the transmission ol messages are not the
same for any two countries in Europe, nor arc they
uniform for all classes of messages in any one coun-
try. Telegraphic correspondence in Europe is divided
into two general classes, called internal and inter-
national messages. The internal messages are those
which are received, transmitted, and delivered in the
same country. The international messages are those
which are received in one country and transmitted
into smother. As a general rule a low rate of charges
is adopted for the transmission of internal messages,
while a higher tariff is imposed upon international
messages. The average rate for internal messages
throughout Europe is thirty-sixand six tenths cents,
and for international messages SI 01. In tho official
i cport of the telegraph system of the United King-
dom of Great Britain and Ireland tho internal and
international messages are not stated separately,
only the total number, including both classes, being
given, but the average tolls upon tho whole service
amounted to forty-two and a half cents per message.
The average expense per message for tho perform-
ance of the telegraph service m America and Europe
was about the same, although it is well known that
skilled labor is much more expensive in this country
than in Europe. It would appear from the lesults
that although the telegraphists in Europe got less
pav for their labor than similar employes receive in
America, a larger number are employed there than
here to perform a given amount of woik. As it is,
however, to Great Britain that the Postmaster Gen-
eral invite;- especial attention, a*> having given to
the telegraph a practical test ot tho public system
jb compared with that under private control,1 will
point out the leading features of its operation in
that country.
On the 5th of February, 18*0, the telegraphs weic
transfeired to the British Government. At tho da to
of the purchase the various telegjaph companies
of the United Kingdom possessed sixteen thousand
miles of line and eighty-five thousand miles of
wire. For this property the British Government
have already paid, according to the official report
of Mr. E. J. Seudamore. the second secretary of
the post otrice department, £7.^00,000 sterling, or
$3(5.450,000 in American gold cuirency.
This sum of money, however, does not comprise the
entire sum which the British Government must pay
to acquire tho control of all the telegraphs in the
United Kingdom. , . , .
Arrangements have been made with sixteen run-
way eorapanioa for the purchase of their telegraph
interests, in which the compensation consists partly
of capital sums and partly of annual payments,
and with six other railway companies, in which the
compensation consists wholly of annual payments;
and there yet remain, according to Mr. Scudamore's
report, made to the House of Commons on the llith
of July. 1871, forty-four railway companies in vari-
ous parts of the United Kingdom with whom the
post office department has not yet come to ariangc-
inents as to the amount of compensation to be punl
to thorn lor tho purchase of their telegraph interests.
From the above-mentioned official report the
amount of telegraph revenue from the commence-
ment ot governmental con! rol, on tho 1 it ot I< ebru;i ey,
1870, to the 31st March, 1*71, was LVJS,or S3,865,-
127 20, and tho expenditures for the samo period
were .01,307,389, oi £t>,7( 3...iiiJ 76. being an exccss of
expenditures over rccei pt- of ^2,808,235 56. Lhc dis-
bursements arc Hassihed hy Mr. feeudainore under
the heads of capital expenditure and working ex-
penses; the working expense*) being stated at £}<<>,-
45)5. or S2,277,105 80, and the capital expenditure at
£926,891, oril.480,106 9o. , i
Wcought not to be surprised that Mr. Seudamoro,
through whose eflorts mainly the British (govern-
ment was induced to purchase the telegraph lines,
should make every endeavor to prove that the admin-
istration of the telegraphs by him w:is pecuniarily
successful. I do not feel disposed to criticise his
report in an unfriendly spirit, but I cannot refrain
from rennuking tbtit the enormous excels oi tho
capital expenditure over the working expenses nat-
urally leads to the suspicion that many charges hare
been carried to the lormer account which properly
belong to tho latter, and an examination ot the de-
tailed statement of tho working expenses confirms
the justice of this suspicion. Under capital expend-
iture is placed, not only the cost ot extensions,
amounting, as well as T can make out, to. W m&xl,
but all manner of outlay upon the plant, such as
the very important item of maintenance and repair,
for which our company expends about a million dol-
lars a year, £177.091 tor engineering, salaries, wages,
traveling, and other expenses, a considerable portion
of which should celtamly be charged to current ex-
penditure. Among the working expenses there are
no charges for poles, wire, insulators, instruments,
batterv material, office repairs and furniture, and
many other items which constitute large annual
charge to private telegraph companies; andif. tho^o
expenditures which are improperly carried m All.
Scudamore's icport to capital expenditure weie
placed whore theyproporlv In.iong, 1 have no doubt
but that the working expenses would bo found to
largely exceed the revenue.
Tho Englibh telegraph system when it was pur-
chased by the Government was the oldest, most ox-
tensive, and probably the bc>t managed in Europe.
; And there is no reason, if properly managed under
| Government control, why it should not have con-
tinued to give satisfaction; but since its acquisition
by the Government, the complaint of bad service
has been very general. The difficulties have been
ascribed to the large increase in the number of mes-
sages offered for tiansmission, and to the inadequate
preparations to accommodate the immense increase
m the traffic which immediately followed the largo
reduction of rates, but, according to tho report of
Mr. Scudamore, tho avcrago cost of inland messages
is twenty-six cents against an average cost prior to
tho transfer of thirty-eight cents, showing a reduc-
tion in price of less than one thiid upon this class
of messages, while there was no reduction whatever
upon international messages. According to the snne
authority, the total number ot messages forwarded
in the three quarters ending 31st December, 1S70,
was 7,563,015. which is a less number than was trans-
mitted by the Western Union Telegranh Company
alone during the same peiiod; s>o that the difficulties
complained of were not properly chargeable to the
excessive amount of traffic performed.
The expenditure in a single year of $2,898,235 in
excess of the receipt?, tho opening of 1,350 new offices,
and the erection of over 15,000 miles of additional
wire, ought to have vastly improved tho capacity
and value of tho British system. Tho work of reor-
ganization and extension was intrusted to tho offi-
cers of the companies which were bought out, and
the position ot engineer-in-chief of tho post, office
telegraphs wa* given to Mr. Culley, the former elec-
trician of the Electric and International Telegraph
Company, with a salary largely exceeding that paid
by our Government to the Cabinet ministers. 1 see
no reason why the British post office telegraph sys-
tem should not equal any other in tho world, nor
why, at the rates charged, it should not be self-sus-
taining; but this docs not tend to prove that the
union of the telegraph and postal systems in this
country would bo a wise or profitable measure.
The British post office has long enjoyed an envi-
able reputation. It promptlyandsatisfactorilycar-
ries and delivers letters at one penny each through-
out the United Kingdom, and makes a net piolir of
over iivo million dollars per annum; while our Post
Office charges three cents for carrying a letter with-
out delivery, except in tho larger cities, and manages
the business at an annual loss of over four million
dollars. Of course it docs not follow that because
there is a large annual dcficit in our Post Office that
there would necessarily bo one proportionally as
gicat in tho telegraph if managed by the same De-
partment, but when the success of the British tele-
graph is presented to us as a conclusive demonstra-
tion of tho utility of the postal telegiaph for this
country, it seems proper to consider whether tho
management of our postal system is sufficiently
analogous to that of the English to warrant the de-
duction that whatever is successfully undertaken
hy the British post office can be equally as well per-
formed by our own.
When the pioject of a postal telegraph was first
started,Mr. Gliatz Brown proposed to establish a
uniform tariff of three cents per message of sixty
words. Mr. E. B. Washburne followed with a prop-
osition to make the tariff fifteen cents f«>i ton words,
exclusive of addiess and signature;. (while Mr. (J.
C. WaMiburn at first proposed a unifoim rale of
twenty cents Dm thirty words, but subsequently
changed it to twenty-five cents for twenty-five
words, charging lor addiv-s and Mernaiuio. Mr.
Crcswell does not. name the rare which he thinks*
snouM be established in the event of tho acquisi-
tion of the telegraph by the Government; bur, per-
haps the rate is indicated in the following query
extracted fiom hisreccntreport: " Who that de-ares
to convey or acquireany information would hesitate
between sending a telegram from New York toCal-
ilornia, in s^ven minutes for twenty cents and send-
ing a letter in seven days for throe cents?"
If such a rate for the tiansinn^ion of me^ages
between tho Atlantic and Pacific States by the postal
telegraph shall ever be practically inaugurated, I
have no doubt the number of letters carried by mail
between the.se points will be materially reduced;
but, 1 apprehend that the annual deficit m the Post
Office Department will not thereby ha sensibly
diminished. . t ,
The Postmaster General admits that a large sum
of money wl 11 be required for the purchase of the
present telegraph line", but considers that delay will
only add to the amount of purchase-money required.
The Post Office Department, he says, is now prepared
to undertake the organization and management.of
the telegraph m connection with its other duties,
and can aid materially in raising the money needed
for the purchase through post office savings banks
if Congress will authorize their establishment. la
prove the feasibility of this latter scheme he refers
to the history of the Butish post office savings
banks, "which after ten year* operations have m
hand $75,145,690, a much larger sum than will be re-
quired for the purchase and thorough repair ot all
tho telegraph lines in the United States.-" Butisit
nrobablc that Mr. Crcswell can purchase the lines
ibr the sum named, even admitting that his postal
savings bank scheme i.s fuecessful. The president
ot the Western "Union Telegraph Company, which
operates fitty-^ix thousand miles of line, one hun-
dred and twenty-live thousand miles ot wire, xorty-
six hundred offices, and transmits over.ten million
i messages annually, and whose revenue is more than
I double that of tlie British post office telegraphs, has
recently publicly announced that his company is
inflexibly opposed to any interference the uov-
-No. 41
