1538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8.
to the speech of the Senator from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Howe.]
Two objections seem to be interposed against
any effort at a reform of the civil service. One
is to ridicule the effort, to talk about examin-
ations, and to make fun of them, and try and
laugh the thing down. The other is to assail
those who are making the effort to purify and
improve the civil service 
Mr. POME-ROY. Will the Senator yield
for an executive session?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is immaterial to me.
Mr. POMERO Y. There are some messages
from the President.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will be governed by
the wishes of the Senate. I do not ask it on
my account. I will yield to allow the motion
to be made.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to take the
sense of the Senate. There are some execu-
tive messages from the President of the United
States which ought to be laid before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kansas moves that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. COLE. I know the motion is not
debatable, and I ask my friend to withdraw it
for a moment.
Mr. POMEROY. I only asked the Senator
from Illinois to yield for a moment. He is
entitled to the floor if anybody is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I yielded merely to
ascertain what the sense of the Senate is. It
is immaterial to me whether I go on now or
not.
Mr. COLE. I hope we may be able to get
through with this bill to-night. The .Senate
has agreed to adjourn until Monday.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. COLE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 34, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Amos, Bayard, Blair, Boreman,
Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly, Cooper,
"Fenton, Kerry of Michigan, Flanagan, Gilbert, Gold-
thwaile, Hill, Hitchcock, Howe, Johnston, Kellogg,
Norwood, Nyo, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Rain-
soy, Itobortson, SehurK, Soott, Spniguo, Stockton,
Tipton, Viekers, and Wright—.'M.
MAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Caldwell, Chandler,
Clayton, Cole, Colliding, fclUmumls, .tYelin^hu.y.^Kn,
Kelly, Logan, Rice, Sawyer, Stevenson, and Win-
dom—14.
ABSENT — Messrs. Aloorn, Brownlow, Corbett,
Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia,
Ferry of Connecticut, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamil-
ton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Lewis, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Patterson,
Saulsbury, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart, Sumner,
Thurman, Trumbull, West,and Wilson—25.
So the motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business. After ten minutes spent
iu executive session, the doors were reopened,
and (at four o'clock and thirty-five minutes
p. m.) the Senate adjourned.)
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 8, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
RESERVATION OF THK UTE INDIANS.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Indian Affairs, reported as
a substitute for the joint resolution H. R. No.
102, a bill (H. B. No. 1862) authorizing the
Secretary of the Interior to make cerf ain nego-
tiations with the Ute Indians in Colorado;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. SHANKS. This bill is simply to author-
ize the Secretary of the Interior to enter into
negotiations for a part of the Ute reservation
in Colorado. I ask that it now be put upon
its passage.
The bill was read. It authorizes and em-
powers the Secretary of the Interior to enter
into negotiations with the Ute Indians of Col-
orado Territory, for the extinguishment of
their right to the south part of a certain reser-
vation, made in pursuance of a treaty con-
cluded March 2, 1868, situate in the south-
western portion of said Territory of Colorado,
and report his proceedings, under this act, to
Congress for its consideration, the expense
of such negotiations to be paid by the United
States and to be hereafter appropriated.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. SHANKS. The bill has the unani-
mous approval of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and is also approved by the Secretary
of the Interior.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I should
like to hear some explanation as to the object
of the bill.
Mr. SHANKS. This reservation consists
of fourteen million acres. The number of
Indians on the reservation is four thousand.
They are situated on the north part of it. This
refers to the south end of the reservation.
Very valuable mining interests have been dis-
covered in that part of the reservation, which
is not required by the Indians for any purpose.
It is desirable to put the title in the United
States as soon as possible, that the mining
interests may be developed. The Indians do
not need it, and the bill involves no inter-
ference whatever with their interests.
Mr. CONNER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question. Has this bill been consid-
ered by any committee?
Mr. SHANKS. It has the unanimous as-
sent of the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
I have reported it as chairman of that com-
mittee
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SHANKS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PORT OF PITTSBURG.
Mr. NEGLEY. I renew the request I made
yesterday, that by unanimous consent the bill
(S. No. 742) to amend section thirty-five of
an act entitled "An act to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes," be taken from
the Speaker's table for present consideration.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information, after which objections, if any,
will be in order.
The bill was read. It extends the privileges
of the act entitled "An act to reduce internal,
taxes, and for other purposes," approved July'
14, 1870, to the port of Pittsburg, in the State
of Pennsylvania, with the same effect as if it
had been inserted in the thirty-fifth section of
said act,.
There was no objection, and the bill was
taken from the Speaker's table, read three
times, and passed.
Mx-, NEGLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC BUILDING, HARTFORD CONNECTICUT.
Mr. PLATT. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds to
ask that by unanimous consent the bill (H.
R. No. 1539) to provide for a building for the
use of the post office, custom-house, pension
office, United Stales circuit and district courts,
and internal revenue offices at Hartford, Con-
necticut, with Senate amendments, be taken
from the Speaker's table, and that the amend-
ments of the Senate be concurred in. The
Senate have made merely slight verbal amend-
ments.
There was no objection; and the bill (H. R.
No. 1539) with Senate amendments was taken
from the Speaker's table.
The amendments of the Senate were read
as follows:
Page ], line six, strike out " fire-proof."
~ 1, line ten, after "constructed," insert
"with a fire-proof vault extending to each story
and."
Mr. STARKWEATHER. These are merely
verbal amendments, and there can be no objec-
tion to concurring iu them.
Mr. PLATT. The amendment is simply
that instead of providing for a fire-proof build
ing the bill now provides that there shall be a
fire-proof vault in each story.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. PLATT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments were concurred in;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE JROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, communicated
to the House by Mr. Symfson, one of its clerks,
announced that the Senate had passed, and re-
quested the concurrence of the House therein,
a bill of the following title:
A bill (S. No. 715) relating to the capture
of the Albemarle.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. COBURN. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. K1LLINGER. I ask permission to
report a bill from the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad for consideration and passage at this
time.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I object, and
insist upon the regular order of business.
BOUNTIES.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the morning hour begins at twenty
minutes past twelve o'clock, and this being
Friday, reports from committees of a private
nature are in order. The House resumes the
consideration of a bill coming over from Fri-
day last, being a bill (H. R. No. 1782) in rela-
tion to bounties.
The bill, which was read, provides that
every volunteer, non-commissioned officer,
private, musician, and artificer who enlisted
into the military service of the United States
prior to July 22, 1861, under the proclamation
of the President of the United States, of May
3, 1861, and the orders of the War Department
issued in pursuance thereof, and was actually
mustered into any regiment, company, or bat-
tery which was accepted by the War Depart-
ment under such proclamation and orders,
shall be paid the full bounty of $100 under
and by virtue of the said proclamation and
orders of the War Department, in force at
the time of such enlistment and prior to July
22, 1861; provided that the same has not
already been paid.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Is not this a public bill?
The SPEAKER. The bill was pending at
the close of the morning hour of Friday last.
Mr. COBURN. It is in such a condition
that it can be put on its passage now.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to make a single
suggestion in regard to this bill. All will
agree that some legislation is necessary to
carry out the decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States upon the subject of boun-
ties. I wish, however, to suggest to my col-
league [Mr. Cobuen] that both the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations [Mr. Gar-
field] and the chairman of the Committee on
Ways and Means [Mr. Dawes] have agreed
that this could be put upon some appropriation
bill, perhaps upon some appropriation bill now
pending in Committee of the Whole, which
would render the passage of such a proposi-
tion as this more certain. Bills of this class
are not readily passed through Congress as
separate measures. I would therefore suggest
