8330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
sheep and never said one word in defense of
the measure. No criticism was answered.
None was made except by the opponents of
the measure. The majority were tongue-tied
by order of the caucus and all amendments of
every kind were voted down. Even amend-
ments to correct typographical errors in the
bill, small mistakes in spelling—everything
■was voted down. There was no debate. There
was not a single echo from the majority of
the Chamber on that measure; and that is
called "careful consideration!" Surely the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin must have
forgotten the history of the passage of the
measure
The amendment proposed by the Senator
from Ohio I think has every recommendation
that good sense and a reasonable consideration
can give it. I think the remarks made by the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania, which
were that the seventh section had a different
intent than that suggested by my friend from
Ohio, must on reflection seein to him now to
be incorrect; for there is 110 suggestion in the
seventh section that this so-called testimony
which is now sought to be perpetuated is for
any other purpose than for that which, legally,
it never can be used, and that is, to be used
in ease of a contested election. If it was in-
tended as a basis for arrest and prosecution it
would have said so, and would have called
upon the supervisor, the commissioner taking
the testimony, not to send it all the way to
Washington away from the locality where it
was needed to be used, but to file it in the
State Cor the use of the prosecuting officers of
the United States. There was 110 other intent
in the seventh section, apparently, than that it
should perpetuate certain facts of this order for
alleged irregularities. It has been plainly
shown to the Senate that, the means for perpet-
uating this testimony for any useful and lawful
purpose is found in our law permitting contests
of elections.
But., sir, as to supposing that this measure
was considered at the time of its passage in
the Senate, I merely remind the Senate and
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin that
there was 110 consideration except by the mi-
nority, and their consideration when presented
to the Senate met with a negative 011 every
occasion without any reason being given for
it. It was a mere triumph of numbers.
The I'RHSIIMNG 01*'KICK 11, (Mr. Car-
pkntkii in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment offered by the Senator from Ohio
to the amendment offered by the Senator from
Louisiana.
Mr. NORWOOD. I ask for the yeas and
nays 011 that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, naysIS2; as follows:
Y MAS—Messrs. Bayard, Uluir, Casscrly, Cooper,
Davis ot W1!-t VllKinu, (JoM(hw:iito, llu mil toll of
Maryland, Halnillon of Texas, Kelly, Norwood,
Ransom, Salisbury, Stevenson, Stockt on, Xhurinan,
Tiplon, and Trumbull—IT.
NAYS— Messrs. Amos, Anthony, Iioreman, Car-
penter, Chandler, Corbett, Crafrin, Kdmunds, Ferry
ot Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuvsen, Gilbert,
lfainlin, Hal lan, KelloKK, Atom 11 of Vermont, Mor-
ton, (_M,oni, 1'omeroy, Pool, Pratt, Hainsey, Rice,
Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Speneor, Stewart, Sumner,
West, Wmdoin, and Wright—,U.
AKSKXT—Messrs. Alcorn, Xirownlow, Bucking-
ham, Caldwell, Cameron, Clayton, Cole, Conklinjj,
Davis ot Kentucky. Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut,
liilt, Hitchcock, liowo, Johnston, Lewis, Lo^an,
Morrill ot Maine, Nye, Pattorson, Robertson,Sohurz,
Sprague, Yickers, and Wilson—'Si.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs 011 the amendment offered by the
Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. KELLOGG. I will withdraw that
amendment, and offer another.
The PltESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana withdraws his amend-
ment.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire, however, to move
an amendment to the title of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will inform the Senator that that amendment
will be in order after the passage of the bill.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I move to
amend the bill by inserting at the end of the
first section the following proviso :
Provided, That no compensation shall be allowed
to thesupervisors herein authorized to be appointed.
I hope the chairman of the committee who
has charge of the bill will accept this amend-
ment.
Mr. B0REMAN. Unless some fees are
provided in the law creating these officers, they
will be entitled to no compensation anyhow,
and therefore this amendment is unnecessary.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. Will the Sen-
ator speak louder?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from West Virginia suggests that there
are no fees attached to these officers by the
bill, and therefore the amendment is not
necessary.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. But I under-
stand there are fees fixed by the original act.
I have not examined it myself, but 1 inquired
of Senators, who informed me that five dollars
a day was allowed to supervisors in the original
act.
Mr. MORTON. I see no harm in this
amendment. It is in accordance with my
understanding.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I think it is
important that it should be adopted. It cer-
tainly will do no harm.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope that amendment
will be adopted, and it is necessary it should
be.
Mr. MORTON. There is no objection to it.
Jt is in accordance with my understanding of
the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is 011 the amendment of the Senator from
Texas.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me that
amendment ought to be a little broader. It
ought to read;
Provided, That no compensation bo allowed to tho
supervisors herein authorized to be appointed, or by
the act to which this is an amendment.
Mr. MORTON. No; let it stand as it is.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I accept that
amendment.
Mr. KELLOGG. I hope the Senator will
not accept it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Texas states that he accepts the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Illinois,
and the question is on the amendment as
modified.
Mr. MORTON. If it is in order I will move
to strike out that part of the amendment
which has just been added. There may be a
reason for allowing the compensation for
service in cities of over twenty thousand in-
habitants provided in the original bill. I do
not propose to disturb that; but it is in ac-
cordance with my understanding that the addi-
tional supervisors authorized to be appointed
by this bill are to serve without pay. I am
willing to accept that amendment.
Mr. HAMILTON of Texas. That is the
reason I offered my amendment in its original
shape. I thought it might be proper to pay
the supervisors in the large cities, but when
the question was raised here to amend my
amendment, I did not oppose it.
Now, I apprehend if this amendment is not
adopted, this bill will be very much abused in
the southern States. There is a large section
of country where it is impossible for the circuit
judge to know anything 011 the face of the
earth about the men who apply to him to be
appointed supervisors. There is a large nura
bet' of floating individuals all through the
southern States who are ready to take any
position by which they can make a few dollars.
Probably such persons would apply to be ap-
pointed supervisors; and inStates where there
is a registration authorized by law their pay
would continue over a period of two weeks ;
and five dollars a day for fifteen or twenty days
is quite a compensation for a man who has
nothing else to do.
But that is not the worst feature of it. In
all probability parties would seek the position
for a baser motive than that; for the purpose
of selling certificates at the polls, a thing
which has been done. I doubt seriously
whether any great benefit will result to the
country from this measure; but still if it is
guarded in this way, I think it is hardly likely
that any man will seek a position of this sort
unless from patriotic motives, for the purpose
of securing a fair election.
Mr. MORTON. I move to strike out that
part of the amendment which repeals the pro-
vision for compensation under the original
bill in cities of over thirty thousand inhab-
itants.
Mr. KELLOGG. I do not understand the
Senator from Texas as accepting that.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I did not
wish to make an issue upon it. I have no
objection to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read as it now stands, as modi-
fied, as the Chair understands, by the Senator
from Texas.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That no compensation shall be allowed
to the supervisors herein authorized to be appointed,
or authorized to be appointed by the act to which
this is an amendment.
Mr. MORTON. Did the Senator accept
the latter part?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I am willing
that the amendment should be put on or should
be rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion will then be on the amendment as origin-
ally proposed by the Senator from Texas.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I regret to find it
necessary to differ with my colleague. 1 hold
that the laborer is worthy of his hire, and
the idea of passing a bill creating officers
without compensation seems to me very objec-
tionable indeed. The presumption would be
a very broad one that bad men only would
seek those appointments. I know not whether
any will seek them. I will say, however, that
there are not many offices where the pay is
reasonable that cannot be filled. But the
object is to secure good officers. If you want
good ones rather than bad, it is a very clear
and unmistakable fact that you will not get
those who will give up their business to attend
to the duties of the country without remuner-
ation. It is not to be supposed that such will
be the fact, and I do not think the amendment
ought to be adopted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the fees that are allowed
by the original bill, and we shall see that this
bill would provide as the Senator from Texas
who last spoke desires to have it for taking
several millon dollars out of the Treasury of
the United States. I venture to say it would
amount to several millions. I will read the
original act. The fourteenth section of the
act declares:
"That there shall be allowed and paid to each
chief supervisor, for his services as such officer,
the following: compensation, apart from and in ex-
cess of all fees allowed by law for the performance
of any duty as circuit court commissioner ; for filing
and caring for every return, report, record, docu-
ment, or other paper required to be filed by nun.
under any of the provisions of this act, tea ccnts;
for affixing a seal to any paper, record, report, or
instrument, twenty cents: for entering and indexing
the records of his ollice, fifteen cents per folio; and
foi arranging and transmitting to Congress, as pro-
vided for 111 section seven of this act, any report,
statement, record, return, or examination, for each
folio, fifteen cents; and tor any copy thereof, or ol
any paper on file, a like sum. And there shall be'
allowed and paid to each and every supervisor 01
election, and each and every special deputy mar-j
shal who shall be appointed and shall perform his
duty under the provisions of this act, compensation
at the rate of five dollars per day for each and every
day he shall have actually been on duty, not exceed-
ing ten days."
Now, it is proposed by this bill to provide
for the appointment of two supervisors at
