590
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 8,
Ho. of Reps.
Expenditures of the Government—Mr. Morgan.
42d Cons....2d Sess.
I have no time nor need to add, as might be
done to infinite extent, to the proofs of what
this single sentence of Mr. Hewitt discloses, a
disclosure of frightful significance, which I
repeat, namely, that now and for centuries,
even in England, laborers receive only such
rates of compensation as the avarice of their
monopolies consent to allow to those millions
of paupers who swarm in numbers increasing
at the rate of four per cent, per year for an
employment which they must have or starve—
wages so low that the daily toil of ten and a
half hours per day is required from father,
wife, and child—labor which being omitted
even for a day, ghastly hunger stalks in re-
morselessly at their door.
Fourth, the last elementary proposition I
need is one which I state in the words of Burke ;
and what Burke says of the tyranny of capital
in England is true in all other countries :
"England's capital gives her a superiority which
enables her to sot all efforts of other nations to rival
her manufacture'! at defiance. The powers of cap-
ital are irresistible in trade. It dominates, it rules,
it even tyrannizes; it entices the strong and controls
tho weak."
the alternative.
We now have the elements that furnish us
the means of resolving, as near as theories
can, the problem : what is the protection from
our Government which is due and vital to the
great industries ?
May I from these elements state the alter-
natives they manifestly offer to us? Since we
must pay for the capital invested in our in-
dustries about double what our great rivals do ;
since benevolence is not, but selfish, grasping
cruelty is the characterizing attribute of these
monster monopolies of our rivals ; since the
leading products of the world's industries, which
are most essential to our independence and wel-
fare, cost as little human labor in the favored
rival countries as they do in our own; since this
human labor, equally skilled with our own,
clamors in swarming millions at the work-
shops of our rivals for work at prices one
half what the unprotected labor of the United
States receives and ought to receive, and
Bince, in the absence of all defensive legisla-
tion, these our rivals can instantly crush out
all American industries which are compelled
to pay for capital and labor double what their
rivals do, therefore there is left to us, in the
absence of such protective laws, just these two
choices, no more:
1. Abandon all the great industries of the
nation, cut off the employment of the millions
now engaged therein, crowd these millions
into the few industries which may survive the
wreck, or else crowd them into jails or poor-
houses, and accept the inconceivable disasters
involved in all this; or else,
2. We may, if the nation's children will
consent, or can be compelled, drive these mil-
lions of our toiling children to keep up and
prosecute these, ourgreat and vital industries,
wholly uncared for by their own country, for
compensation such as the swarming, starving
paupers of all Europe will not underbid, and
refusing to underbid, must turn off to die!
Here 1 leave these four elementary things
which I have named, and the appallingalterna-
tive they tender to our people; and X beg for
them that searching scrutiny from the labor-
ers of this country which men bestow upon
things which decide the lives of themselves
and their children. If you can find no flaw
in the dreadful deduction which I draw, then
realize that this Democratic faith of 1872, by
denying to you all defense against the fatal
competition of the poor-houses and lazaroni
of Europe, consigns every mechanic whose
products will bear transportation from the
workshops, peopled by this lazaroni, to the
same compensations and degrees of happiness
enjoyed' by these ; or, refusing this, then you
are consigned to idleness and extinction. If
you can find no flaw then, by your love of self,
of child, and of country, I implore you not
to vote for the platform or them who made it.
a "judicious tariff."
I am now brought to the other deduction or
result of the propositions of fact which I have
named, and which I shall state substantially
in the similar terms of the two reports of our
commissioners to the Paris Exposition. (See
Hewitt, 61, and Mudge & Hayes, 31.) So
stating it, I say the "judicious" protection of
General Jackson,the "means" protection of
Mr. Wells, the " fair" protection of the Repub-
lican platform of 1870, and the " equal" pro-
tection advocated by them all, is this, namely:
such degree of protection as shall neutralize
the advantages held by the foreign manufac-
turer in the cheaper capital and labor at his
command." Stated in another way, it is this:
because the rates of compensation in the
United States, for those engaged in such pur-
suits as from their nature cannot be subjected
to the injurious competitions of the pauper
labor of Europe, and who therefore need no
protection, are so high that the manufacturers
of the United States cannot pay such com-
pensation to their laborers and yet sell their
products as low as most European manufactur-
ers can—mind, 1 do not say would sell after
our competition is destroyed ; therefore a just
protection is one that will be equal to the
difference between what is the European cost
of the human labor required for the product,
and the American cost of such human labor in
the same product (such American cost not ex-
ceeding what other American labor gets) plus
the difference in the cost of the capital required
in producing the product, minus the cost of
transporting to us the rival commodity. (See
Hewitt's Report, 61.) Protection less than
this must inevitably either destroy our indus-
tries or reduce American labor toward pauper
prices. A protection above this tends to ex-
clude foreigu competition and tax consumers.
A protection at this gives to every indispensa-
ble industry of our country those equal and
American compensations which are due to all
our people, under all our continental and
national conditions.
1 repeat, therefore, that they who decide
that American law shall secure no defenses to
American labor, as Democracy decided, con-
sign our nation and its industries to inevitable
ruin, or else consign all labor in America to
prices at which a million and a half in England
alone are to-day either starving, or else ask-
ing, by the side of Oliver Twist, for "more,"
out of the charity bowls of the nation. And
I say more. I affirm by all that is great and
wisein the utterances of our ovrn and other
histories, by all the teachings of experience,
by all the practices and designs o( good gov-
ernment among men, and by all the impulses
of patriotism and of mere humanity, that this
immolation to which Democracy, at least by
the logic, I think not design, offers up Amer-
ican labor and laborers, is a wrong wholly
unparalleled, causeless, and monstrous. It is
unparalleled, because no nation, not even Eng-
land, as I have shown, ever has or does now,
refuse all protection to its industries. It is
objectless, because all experience shows that
the moment you sacrifice your own industries,
and are at the mercy of the foreign monop-
olies that killed yours, they get back from you
the cost of underselling and killing yours by
putting up their prices where they could not
be put to were they compelled to sell in the
pi-escnce of a competition with our own indus-
tries "moderately" protected. It is mon-
strous, because it proposes to sacrifice to the
monopolies alien to us the dearest interests
and very mefins of life of our own people.
I have declared that this sacrifice would be
bootless and result in no permanent reduction
in the prices of that class which I have said
we should moderately protect. This is a dec-
laration depending for its proof preeminently
upon experience, and to that I appeal. .An
eminent and just man, a member of our
Ways and Means Committee, in the debate
of March, 1870, (see Appendix of Globe,
258,) made this remarkable appeal to his com-
peers in Congress, as well as to the whole
country. He said:
" What claims to be free trade has been challenged
to furnish a single instance where the establishment
of a domestic industry has not been followed by a
substantial and permanent reduction in the price.
i repeat the challenge."
Confine this challenge to the great indus-
tries of our country which nature enables us
to build up here at as little expenditure of
human labor as is required in other countries,
and limit the protection so that it shall be
based upon the aggregate compensation real-
ized by the other industries of this country,
and shall not exclude foreign competition in
restraint of greater profits than our other in-
dustries get, and I affirm the truth of Mr.
Maynard's proposition in the light both of
principle and of experience, of both philos-
ophy and history. And it is because it is true
that this strange proposition of Democracy to
wholly and forever withdraw from American
labor every care of its Government adds to
its quality of strangeness and cruelty that of
being wholly, completely, and unto all men
profitless; nay, ruinous 1
Here I leave my great theme, and ask
Americans to finish, right carefully and well,
an argument which I have so poorly begun;
and in leaving, let me remind you, "Surely
legislation looking to the wisest possible use
of our national resources, the prevention of
the waste or misapplication of our raw mate-
rial, upon which the structure of the national
industry and the prosperity and welfare of the
working classes rests, is not merely a natural
but a necessary step in the progress of indus-
try and development of civilization."
Expenditures of the Government.
SPEECH OP HON. a. W. MORGAN,
op ohio,
In the House of Representatives, •
June 8, 1872,
In relation to the expenditures of the Government
for the year 1871.
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday
last, when making a report to the House from
the committee of conference on the tariff', the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
made statements of so remarkable a character
as to demand notice. His assertions are true
or they are not true, and I propose to give them
an impartial consideration.
Before proceeding it is proper that I should
call attention to a remarkable admission of
Mr. Dawes, which I quote from the daily
Globe of the 5th of June. Mr. Randall. Mr.
Holman, and Mr. Beck pressed Mr. Dawes
as to his remarkable figures, which caused that
gentleman some embarrassment. Finally, Mr.
Beck said :
" I should like to ask the gentleman whether they
(the figure?) have not been held back until now,
when it is known there can bo no opportunity to
answer them ?
"Mr. Dawes. I have been getting them ready,
nnd sought an opportunity to put them into the
Globe without a word being said."
This admission was wrung from the gentle-
man [Mr. Dawes] against his will, as was evi-
dent to the House at the time. I will not com-
ment upon such a procedure, but will exam-
ine the principal assertions of the member from
Massachusetts, and let every impartial mind
