1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4227
been amply provided for by the States them-
selves. I think it ought to have been provided
for ; I trust it has been provided for to an extent
which would not render this bill necessary.
There may be cases of individual States where
there is no law to punish such inhumanity, or
the law is inadequately enforced. I myself
have heard of no such State ; and yet X will
assume, in justice to the measure which is
introduced here, and to the Senators who favor
it, that there, may be some such cases.
Agreeing as I do fully in the propriety of
checking a practice so barbarous as keeping
poor dumb creatures without water, rest, or
food for long periods together; agreeing also
that the injury which is suffered to be done to
them is an injury which extends itself to us
■who permit it, that we punish ourselves and
afflict ourselves in permitting the poor dumb
beasts to be maltreated—agreeing to all these
views fully and heartily, I have proposed my
amendment for a purpose which I will state.
The amendment is to the effect, first, that
the law shall not go into operation for one
year from its passage; and in the next place,
that it shall not apply in any State which shall
have laws sufficient for the prevention of
cruelty to animals within the meaning of this
act, and adequate provisions for the enforce-
ment of those laws. Let that amendment be
adopted, and what is the effect of it? The
effect of it is that we give notice to the States
of the Union that, preferring that they should
themselves deal with the subject which is of so
much interest to themselves and to their peo-
ple, feeling that as a matter of choice we
would rather leave to them the exercise of the
police power provided for by this bill, we give
them a year within which to pass such laws as
maybe necessary for that purpose; we give
them a year within which to relieve Congress
from the necessity of adopting a system which,
after all, Congress never can administer half
so well as the States themselves can admin-
ister a like system. If at the end of one year
there shall be any State which has not made a
provision for which even a very low humanity
must loudly call, then the act of Congress will
take effect in every such State. I think,
sir, my amendment will tend to relieve, if not
the objections as to the constitutional power
of Congress to pass this bill, at least the objec-
tions, which are by no means light or iew,
to the policy of Congress exercising such a
power.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, it is known
to the Senate that I have favored some meas-
ure, so far as we have constitutional power to
enact it, to accomplish the object aimed at by
this bill. 1 confess that I have never been
entirely clear on the constitutional question,
though the inclination of my niiud has been
that we have the power to pass some measure
for this purpose. I would like, however, to
consider that question more than I have had
time to consider it.
But in respect to this bill it does seem to
me that the bill is defective, and that it can-
not be amended in open Senate and made what
it ought to be; and I am forcibly struck also
by the remarks of the Senator from California
in respect to the advantage of State legislation
on the subject, over any legislation by Con-
gress. The simple fact that the State laws
are enforced in the counties through which the
railroads run, in courts on the line of the rail-
roads, instead of at one or two distant places
in a State, would secure an enforcement ot
the State laws far better than- any law we
might pass. But for the purpose of having
this matter more fully considered, and if a bill
is to pass that it may be more thoroughly
matured, without the slightest disrespect to
the committee, by the committee who reported
this bill and the distinguished chairman who
advocates it and who has bestowed much time
upon it, I move that the bill be postponed
until the first Monday of December next.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
boy in the chair.) The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I am surprised
that that motion should be made, and that the
bill should be criticised without any Senator
stating a defect in it. I do not-know who
drew the bill and am not responsible for it;
and as I did not draw the bill I take the liberty
of saying that I think it is the most judicious
bill which could possibly be prepared on the
subject, and nobody, with all the indisposition
on the part of certain Senators to adopt this
bill, has suggested a defect in it. And the
reason that it is so free from defect is because
it contains this one provision : after providing
that animals shall not be kept without rest
and food more than twenty-eight hours, it
contains this provision:
Provided, however. That when animals shall be
carried in cars, boats, or other vessels in which they
can and do have proper food, water, space, and op-
portunity for rest, th n foregoing provisions in regard
to their being unloaded shall not apply.
In other words, the effect of this bill is that
it only applies to cases of cruelty. In no case
does the law require that the animals shall be
unloaded more frequently than oncein twenty-
eight hours, and then it provides that they
need not be unloaded as often as that unless
they are cruelly treated.
Now, a word as to the constitutionality. My
friend from Ohio suffers this bill to pass with-
out its being criticised in that regard by him,
which is a pretty good evidence that it does
not violate the Constitution. The Constitu-
tion expressly provides that Congress shall
have power " to regulate commerce among
the several States." Those words have re-
ceived construction by the Supreme Court,
and the Supreme Court has adjudged that
"commerce with foreign nations and among
the several States can mean nothing more
than intercourse with those nations and among
those States for the purposes of trade, be the
object of trade what it may, and that this inter-
course must include all the means by which it
can be carried on, whether by the free naviga-
tion of the waters of the several States or by
the passage through the States where such
passage becomes necessary." So we have the
constitutional provision and we have the adju-
dication of the Supreme Court. We should
have a beautiful Government, Mr. President,
if there was no power here that could regulate
commerce between the States. This amend-
ment proposes that each State shall enforce its
own laws ; but the offense is committed through
a number ot States, and consequently the
amendment would destroy the act.
Then it is said that we are interfering with
the police force. This act provides that it is
to be enforced only by the officers of the Umted
States, by the marshals, their deputies and
subordinates. So we are just brought to the
question whether it is wise to pass this act
which the House has enacted. The interests
of those who raise cattle call for it, for if their
cattle are properly taken care of they will
bring a much larger price and there will be
much less shrinkage. Humanity calls for it,
and the health of the community calls for it.
Cattle are brought into market sick and sore,
and slaughtered to prevent their dying, and
then are sold in our markets, impairing health.
But I do not propose to waste time, and will
therefore close my remarks that we may have
a vote upon this question.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 am willing to with-
draw the amendment for the present until the
vote is taken on the motion to postpone indefi-
nitely.
Mr. THURMAN. Not to indefinitely post-
pone, but postpone to the first Monday in
December next.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to state to the
Senator from New Jersey, who has just assumed
that no objection has ever been stated to this
bill, that not a great many days ago, probably
during his absence, several objections were
stated to this bill. One of them was stated by
the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Soott.]
That objection was that the law involves in
the guilt of crime and in heavy civil liability
a railroad company within a State which may
have received cattle from another railroad
company at the border of that State without
the slightest information as to the length of
time during which those cattle were kept on
that other railroad without food, rest, or water.
He cited the case of the Steubenviiie railroad
between the Pennsylvania line and a point in
Ohio. No answer has ever been given to that
objection. The Senator from New Jersey must
have been absent from the Chamber, for cer-
tainly he could not have forgotten that objec-
tion.
So far as I am concerned, I content myself
with stating it. I think it ought to be obvi-
ated; but I am not going to make any great
struggle for the protection of railroad com-
panies upon this point. I shall not vote for the
bill even if that and other defects in it are cor-
rected. In that way I shall vindicate my own
sense of duty. 1 am quite willing to leave
to other Senators the duty of contending for
the necessary protection of the railroad com-
panies.
The Senator from New Jersey has also for-
gotten, or else he never heard, another objec-
tion, that a period of twenty-eight consecutive
hours is not a sufficient period; that is to say,
it is not a proper period to designate as a uni-
form period all over the country. Twenty-
eight hours might be a sufficient limitation in
the State of New York in fall or winter season.
It might be a very insufficient limitation in the
State of Texas, aud I am quite sure it would
be in the State.of California in any season of
the year. Texas is one of the great cattle
fields of this countiy, as we all know. It is
destined probably to become more so rather
than less so. Now, I ask the Senator from
New Jersey, giving full credit to him for the
kindly feelings that prompt his advocacy of
this bill, what he thinks of confining cattle
upon the dry plains ot Texas in the heat of
summer for twenty-eight consecutive hours
without food, rest, or water ? Why, sir,
twenty-eight consecutive hours upon the plains
of Texas in the end of the summer season
would be practically an amount of cruelty, an
amount of torture to which fifty-six hours,
yes, sixty hours in the winter season or the
fall season in the State of New York or the
northern part of Ohio would not be anything
like an equivalent in cruelty. And yet the
Senator thinks that no defects have been
shown in the bill!
I rise now to call tliose two objections to
the notice of the Senator from New Jersey if
he had not before heard of them. If he had
heard of them and had forgotten them, as
of course he must have done in view of his
remarks, I call them to his recollection and I
invoke his earnest and candid consideration
of them.
The question now is on the postponement
of the bill to a day certain, the first Monday
of December. I am earnestly and sincerely
in favor of amending this bill. I believe there
is a majority in this body prepared to pass it;
and for that reason, whatever may be my views
about either its constitutionality or its policy,
I want to make it a good bill for the purposes
which it professes to have in view. Among
other things, as my care for the dumb beast is
not greater than my care for my fellow-beings,
I think the bill should be amended so as to
provide for the case of immigrants traveling
in the cars over our long railroad routes, so
that they shall not be kept without oppor-
tunities for rest and proper accommodations
and conveniences for sleeping in the cars for
more than twenty-four hours at a time.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, T arn
quite sure that every Senator sympathizes
with the object of this bill The reasons tor
some measure of this kind by some authority,
State or national, whichever is the proper
