1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3331
every election precinct throughout the United
States. That would amount, I presume, to
one hundred thousand. I presume there are
one hundred thousand places of voting in the
United States. The Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Edmunds] thinks that is too high an esti-
mate. Of course I am making an estimate
upon my feet without time to make a calcula-
tion. We have in the State of Illinois one
hundred and two counties. I should think
that we had at least twenty-five places of vot-
ing in each county. There would be twenty-
five hundred voting places in the State of Illi-
nois, perhaps more. Other States may have
more places of voting and some may have less.
Mr. MORTON. We have about a thousand
in Indiana.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator thinks
about a thousand in Indiana. I suppose there
are fifty thousand places of voting in the
United States ; I am sure that would not be
an extravagant estimate. Two persons at each
place of voting would be one hundred thousand
persons to be appointed, and they will be ap-
pointed for the purpose of getting the five
dollars a day. You will find persons who will
apply for the appointment probably for the
purpose of getting this pay. They will be
entitled to five dollars a day for ten days.
That would be one hundred thousand persons
at five dollars a day ; or $500,000 a day for
ten days, which would amount to $5,000,000.
In addition to this the marshals are authorized
by this law to appoint deputies ad libitum.
You may remember the number that were
appointed in the city of New York at the last
election.
Mr. MORTON. Which law does the Sen-
ator refer to—the old law or this bill ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I refer to the old law
authorizing the United States marshals to ap-
point deputies. They are to have five dollars
a day. The class of the deputies who were
appointed in the large cities at the last election
the country has some knowledge of. Now, it
is proposed to extend this appointment of
supervisors and inspectors all over the United
States, to every precinct, and to authorize and
require these persons to be appointed on the
application of ten voters, I think it is now; it
was two originally, but I believe that has been
altered to ten.
Mr. MORTON. I will state to the Senator
that on the application of ten persons the judge
is required to open his court and appoint the
inspectors in every voting precinct where two
persons request it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Where two persons in
that precinct request it; so that on the applica-
tion of ten persons the judge opens his court,
and he is required to appoint at the request
of two persons. Now, see what is provided for
by this law. Is it proposed to pass a bill that
may lead to such expenses as these and that
may be thus abused ? There is no discretion
on the part of the judge ; he is bound to ap-
point these persons. The marshal is author-
ized to appoint deputies ad libitum,, and they
are all to have five dollars a day.
It seems to me that the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Texas is a proper
one, and it ought to be extended to the old law,
so as to repeal so much of it at any rate as re-
lates to the extravagant pay that is allowed to
the deputy marshals and the inspectors. There
should be some limit upon it. I think it
proper that parties who make copies of papers
should be allowed some sort of compensation,
and perhaps the compensation fixed by the
original statute may not be extravagant in that
respect. But certainly we ought not to pass
the bill with this section of the old law stand-
ing, allowing five dollars to be paid to all the
persons who may be appointed under this
amended bill.
Mr. MORTON. In reporting this bill we
tad the distinct understanding that the super-
visors to be appointed under its provisions
should not receive pay, but on the suggestion
of the Senator from Texas that they may be
entitled to pay under the old bill, I have pre-
pared an amendment to this effect:
Provided, That the supervisors to be appointed
under the provisions of this aot shall serve without
pay.
But that is anticipated by the amendment
of the Senator from Texas, which I accept so
far as I am concerned.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend the
amendment by adding "or to the supervisors
or special deputy marshals authorized to be
appointed by the act to which this is an amend-
ment."
That will leave the chief supervisor who
makes the records, and so on, to receive his
compensation as provided.
Mr. MORTON. Upon that amendment I
ask the vote of the Senate, and hope it will
not pass.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on tbe amendment of the Senator trom
Illinois to the amendment of the Senator from
Mr. TRUMBULL called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. THURMAN. What is the question?
Mr. TRUMBULL. My amendment is pre-
cisely this : it proposes to extend the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Texas, so as
to repeal so much of the former law as allows
five dollars a day to be paid to special deputy
marshals and to supervisors, leaving the law
as it now stands, providing for payment of the
chief supervisor for making copies of papers,
&c.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That law was
carefully considered at the time, and I hope
the Senate will not in this hasty way change
it. It applies to cities of twenty thousand,
where the duties to be performed are very dif-
ferent from the duties which are required by
this supplement in the rural districts.
Mr. STOCKTON. I wasabout to rise when
my colleague got the floor, for the purpose of
expressing my opinion on this subject, and I
regret to say that it is not precisely the same
as his.
The object gentlemen have in view, we must
believe, we are bound to believe, is to try and
preserve ol'der and have fair elections. So
they tell us, and I do not dispute it. If that
is so they want to get the best class of men
they can get. They do not want a police on
one side or the other, as the case may be in
the particular district, to prevent the people
going to the polls, to overawe the citizens, or
to exercise any influence themselves except
for the preservation of order. Therefore the
object is to get the best possible men.
Now, I appeal to Senators outside of party,
after the example we have had of the appoint-
ments made in the great cities that my col-
league speaks of, the city of New York espe-
cially, whether we should not get a better
class of citizens if the judge should select men
who did not want five dollars a day. I take
it to be absolutely certain that the runners and
bummers of both parties who hang around
elections for the purpose of making a little
money, who like to spend a little of some-
body else's money in treating and drinking,
and corrupting in various ways, are the class
of men who will seek to have these little offices
in order to get five dollars a day for ten days,
or so as to have "a good time" during the
election. A gentleman of position like the
Senator from Indiana, I fear, will have many
friends of this character who will go to him
and say, " I did all I could for you ; recom-
mend me to the judge for this appointmen t.
I think it is a great deal better that they
should be high-minded, high-toned, intelligent
men. I think the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois, if gentlemen here are really in
earnest, as I give them credit for being in
introducing this bill, will be adopted as an
eminently good amendment. It will certainly
tend to securing fair elections.
Mr. SCOTT. The remarks of the Senator
from New Jersey, as well as those of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, would convey the idea that
this bill authorizes the appointment of deputy
marshals in the rural districts as well as in the
cities and towns. I have looked it through,
and find that that is a mistake. It only
authorizes the appointment of supervisors and
not of deputy marshals.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 28 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Davis of West Virginia, (Joldthwaite, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Kelly, Norwood,
Ransom, Saulsbury, Schurz, Sprague, Stevenson,
Stockton, Thurman, and Trumbull—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Chandler, Corbett, Edmunds, Ferry of Con-
necticut, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Hamlin,
Harlan, Hitchcock, Kellogg, Morton, Osborn Pom-
eroy. Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice. Scott, Spencer,
Stewart-, Sumner, West, and Wilson—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn. Brownlow, Caldwell,
Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton, Cole, Conkling, Cra-
gin, Davis of Kentucky, Fenton, Forry of Michigan,
Hill, Howe, Johnston, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Patterson, Robert-
son, Sawyer, Sherman, Tipton, Viekers, Windom,
and Wright—28.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Texas, [Mr. Hamilton.]
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to hear
that read.
The Ciiief Clerk. The amendment pro-
posed is at the end of the first section to insert:
Provided, That no compensation shall be allowed
to the supervisors herein authorized to bo appointed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I offer the following
amendment as an additional section :
Sec. —. That if any person having any duties to
perform under the provisions of this act, or the aot
to which this is an amendment, shall use the power
upon him conferred in such manner as to prevent
any person from voting entitled to vote, he shall be
guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof
shall be imprisoned not less than three months and
shall bo liable to the party injured in a civil suit.
I understand that there is no provision in
the bill to which this is an amendment or in
the bill under consideration providing for the
punishment of these officers in any manner
for the oppressive use of the powers conferred
upon them. The bill under consideration pro-
poses to add to the long list of supervisors and
other officers provided for in the original law,
and there is no provision in it punishing those
men in case they use the power conferred
upon them oppressively or injuriously to the
voters of the country. My amendment_ is
simply to provide that if any officer having
power conferred upon him under the original
act or under this act shall so use it as to de-
prive any person entitled to vote of the exer-
cise of that right, in such case he shall be
guilty of a misdemeanor and punishable by
fine and imprisonment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The original act of 1870,
and on that very point which seems now to
give rise to this amendment, was resisted by
our friends on the other side. The whole
scope of the original act is to prevent any
unlawful interference with the right of any-
body to vote who is entitled to vote, whether
that interference is under color of law or with-
out color of law; and therefore if one of these
people unlawfully and wrongfully interferes
with any person's right to vote, the most
sweeping provisions are made against it just
as against inspectors of election, and the pun-
ishments are all provided. This would only tend
to produce confusion instead of advantage.
Mr. MORTON. I would remark that the
supervisors appointed by the provisions of this
bill will come under all the provisions or the
original act, except that special provision is
made as to the case of pay. A punishment
is already provided in this respect.
