8832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
Mr. SAULSBURY. Then the amendment
will not do any harm.
Mr. THURMAN. I think if the Senator
from Vermont and the Senator from Indiana
will look at the law it will trouble them to
find any provision similar to that offered by
the Senator from Delaware, unless indeed 1
have overlooked it. .
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator from Omo
permit me to read the section which I think
covers it? . . . „
Mr. THURMAN. What section is it?
Mr. SOOTT. The fourth section of the
original act:
"That if any person, by forco, bribery, threats,
intimidation, or other unlawful means,shall hinder,
delay, prevent, or obstruct, or shall combine and
confederate with other* to hinder, delay, pi event,
or obstruct, any citizen from doing any act required
to be done to qualiiy him to vote or from voting at
any elections a« aforesaid, such person shall for every
such offense foifoit and pay tlio sum of $o00 to the
per.-on aggrieved thereby, to be recovered by an
action on the ease, with full costs and such allow-
ance for counsel lees as the court shall deem just,
and shall also for every such offense be guilty ot a
misdemeanor,.and shall, on conviction thercor.be
fined not less than &500, or be imprisoned not less
than one month ami not more than oneyear, or both,
at the discretion of tins court."
That, covers it as broadly as it can be
covered.
Mr. THURMAN. I had before me the
amendatory act ot 1871, which is the main act
really, and 1 found in it no such provision as
that, "referred to by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, which I see now is in the act of 1870,
and 1 think upon a fair construction that it
does cover the case.
Mr. ICDMUNDS. Yes, and it is much more
valuable than t.his section, because it is a more
specific and a more sweeping one.
Mr THURMAN. 1 think on every fair
confttruelion it covers every possible case.
Mr. STOCK' I'ON. 1 do not agree with the
Senator from Ohio. I have not had time to
read the section relied upon ; but it seems to
me th.it the explanation made by the Senator
from Pennsylvania, as well as the Senator from
Vermont, does not reach the point that the
amendment of the Senator trom Delaware
amis :tl. It, docs reach the point of punishing
any person who interferes with an election or
prevents a man f'lom voting; but it does not
icaeh an otlieer who, clothed with your au-
thoiiiy, clothed with power given to him by
yout art, armed by you with powers which are
dnngciotis, much more dangerous than the,
power,-; that, exist between otic individual and
another, exceeds his authority and abuses the
tiust, which you impose in him. The very
reason on which 1 sustained tlie amendment
of the Senator from Illinois providing that
tlicM- persons should not be paid, so that tliey
might, be men whom you could trust, men who
would not abuse your trust, induces me to
support tin; amendment ot the Seuatoi lroui
Delaware, lor thai is a safeguard. You should
indict, punishment upon your own ollicers it
they violate the powers yon have given them
lor protection and make them powers to
coerce and constiam free elections. The
amendment ot the Senator from Delaware is
iu the vciy spiiit, of the bill itself, if the spirit
of the bill is what these gentlemen insist that
it is.
Mi. President,, every lawyer knows the dif-
f'eience between a consiahle armed with the
process ot the court or not armed with the pro-
cess of the court, an otlieer ot the court ap-
pointed to discharge a particular duty, and an
individual and tin1 powers of an individual
under similar circuinstant'es. An individual
may arrest on his own authority where a capi-
tal offense has been committed or a felony at
common law. An individual may, upon hue
and cty, pursue and take a man ; but he takes
him at his otvn risk. Jf it turns outthat. there
is no felony, lie in not protected, not being
clothed with any official power. But when you
make a mat) an officer of the law, a marshal
or a constable, when you give him any ot these
powers, he is clothed and protected with your
artnor, as if he had the armor of Achilles upon
him. You make the penalties for assaulting
an officer, for interfering with an officer, so
heavy and severe that no private citizen dare
doit; and under the authority you give this
man he can go, and by threats and denuncia-
tion prevent hundreds and thousands of peo-
ple from voting. I do not speak of it in a
party point of view ; he may not be a man in
the interest of your party ; but men who will
be appointed for five dollars a day will have
the power, in the great cities, to do this thing.
Now you are asked by the Senator from
Delaware to put in a clause that simply says
if they doit; that is, if the courts of the United
States say they have done it—for tliey must be
tried by a jury before your own courts—if the
courts say that the very men they themselves
have appointed have abused the trust that
through yourlaw and through their instrument-
ality was imposed upon them, and have abused
it so as to do what it was the purpose of this
act to prevent individuals from doing—if they
have so abused the great power which you
have clothed them with, if they have flown in
the teeth of your own act and made the act
itself oppressive—that if they do this, and your
own jurors in the United States courts and
your own judges say they did it, they shall be
punished. That cannot he answered, for there
is no punishment, no penalty except for guilt
decided to be guilt, and guilt which is aimed
at the corruption and destruction of the ballot-
box, which you say this act is intended to pre-
serve and protect. I trust the amendment of
the Senator from Delaware will prevail.
Mr. B0REJ1AN. Mr. President, if an
ollicer appointed under this law exceeds his
powers as such, as a deputy marshal or as a
supervisor, he is no longer protected bv law
as such officer, lie then acts upon his re-
sponsibility as a person, and conies within the
terms of this section. This section says that
" if any person by threats, force, intimidation,
or other unlawful means," shall hinder or
delay or pi event any person exercising the
light of suffrage, lie shall be punished. The
veiy moment tie steps outside of his official
duty he is no longer protected by his official
character, and he is then a person acting upon
his own responsibility. So long as he is in
the direct execution of law, so long as lie is
performing the duty that is imposed upon him
by this law, he is protected. He is there for
that particular purpose. When he steps be
yond that, and interfei cs with the right of any
pel son to vole, either by threats, intimidation,
or otherwise, then lie simply is acting upon
his individual responsibility as a person, and
is within the terms of this law, and punishable
by it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator troin
Delaware.
Mr. THURMAN. I suggest to my friend to
insert the words '' knowingly and willfully''
before tlieword "use."
Mr. SAULSBURY. T accept that amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will he so modified.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As the thing now stands,
it seems to be satisfactory to my friend from
Delaware and his friends. I believe f am in
favor of that amendment, although 1 think it
unnecessary, and I wish to ask for the yeas
and nays on its adoption.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SCOTT. Now I submit that we ought
not to adopt the amendment for this reason :
the fourth section of the act of 1870 is so
broad that it covers "all persons." This
section will impose penalties upon officers, for
committing those very offenses, which are
lighter than are imposed upon citizens. That
section imposes a penalty of $500 and impris-
onment for six months. This section imposes
upon officers for committing these offenses
a lighter penalty than the original act imposes,
and I submit that we ought not to make such
a discrimination.
Mr. THURMAN. The penalty of the ori-
ginal act is a fine n'ot less than $500 or impris-
onment not less than one month or more than
one year, or both, at the discretion of the
court.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to hear
the amendment read as it stands.
The PRESIDING OFBTCER. Theameud-
ment will be reported.
The Chief' Clerk read as follows :
That if any person having any duties to perform
under the provisions of thid act, or the act to which
this is an amendment, shallknowinsly and willfully
use the power upon iiini conferred m such manner
as to prevent anv person from voting who is entitled
to vote, he shall be guilty of a. misdemeanor, and
upon conviction thereof shall be imprisoned not less
than three months, and shall be liable to the party
injured in a civil action.
Mr. CASSERLY. With the consent of the
Senator from Delaware, I would like to amend
'his amendment by striking out all after the
word "misdemeanor," and then, inserting
"and shall be liable civilly and criminally as
provided in section four of the act of May 31,
1870."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Delaware accept that amend-
ment?
Mr. SAIJLSBURY. All I want to do by
this amendment is to secure every man the
right to vote without the interference of these
officials, who are now provided for supervising
and attending to the election. We all know
that under the provisions of the act to which
this is a supplement, or amendment, persons
were appointed m different States of this
Union who did interfere with the citizens'
right to vote. Can any Senator tell me of a
single case where any man so interfeiing with
the rights of others to vote lias beeu punished
under the act to which this is an amendment?
You provide amply for the punishment of
every man who interfeies with these parties in
the exercise of the powers you confer upon
them; and if it is true that the act does pro-
vide that the officers themselves shall be pun-
ished, it is very singular that after they have
interfered with the rights of persons they
never have been punished. I want to make it
clear.
And now I say, if the object of the Senate
in the passage of the original act and of tins
amendatory act is to secure fair elections,
let us have it fair on all sides. Let us say to
these men who obtrude themselves upon the
electors of the different States, " Beware how
you use the power conferred upon you,
because if you exceed your power, ifyou
deprive any man, white or black, of exercising
the elective franchise who is entitled to it, by
color of the authority conferred upon him,
you shall bo liable," and say to him in what
manner he shall be liable.
I say in regard to the section of the original
act to which this is an amendment, which has
been read, I should never put upon it the
construction put upon it by the Senator from
Ohio. I do not believe it reaches the case of
these officers. In the spirit of the enactment,
I do not believe it was contemplated at the
time to apply to them ; and a judge sitting to
determine the construction of this act, with a
view to the evil intended to be remedied, and
the machinery put into operation, would come
to a different conclusion from that to which
the Senator from Pennsylvania and my friend
from Ohio have come. I do not believe that
the fair construction of that act will extend to
the officers appointed under it; or_ if it does,
it certainly leaves the matter questionable and
doubtful; and now to place that question dis-
tinctly before these officers and before the
country, while you are attempting to provide
for fair elections, I have proposed to add this
amendment so that your bill may go out and
say " if any mail attempts to interfere with the
rights of these officers to supervise and con-
