2486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
heading by an amendment that has been
agreed to. They will be found at the bottom
of page 9. These paragraphs are:
]?or expenses of the secretary's office of the Terri-
tory of Arizona, rent of office, fuel, lights, printing,
postage, storage of furniture, &c., $3,000.
For expenses of the secretary's office of the Terri-
tory of Wyoming, fuel, lights, stationery, postage,
&e.y $1,200.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Theseirems
will be stricken out if there be no objection.
Mr.- COLB. Those items were put in by
amendments on page 9.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They will be
stricken oat here.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to strike from the items
of appropriation for the War Department, from
line three hundred and sixty-nine to line three
hundred and seventy-two, inclusive, as fol-
lows:
Civil establishment:
For the office of the Quartermaster General, for
stationery, office furniture, repairs, and for indis-
pensable miscellaneous items, $2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three hun-
dred'and ninety-two, to reduce the appropri-
ation for regular supplies for the quartermas-
ter's department from $350,000 to $250,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four hun-
dred and twenty-eight, to reduce the appro-
priation for the general and incidental ex-
penses of the quartermaster's department from
$350,000 to $300,000.
The amendment, was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four hun-
dred and thirty-six, to reduce the appropri-
ation for barracks and quarters occupied by
the^Army from $750,000 to £500,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WEST. Where the word " ten " occurs
in line four hundred and forty-two, it is my
recollection that in the Committee on Appro-
priations that sum was increased to "twenty."
Mr. COLE. It should be corrected.
Mr. WEST. It does not increase the ap-
propriation, but increases the discretion of the
Secretary of War. I move to strike out "ten"
and inseit "twenty," according to the action
of the cummitteo j so as to read "no such
structures whose cost shall exceed $20,000 "
The amendment was agieed to.
The next amendment was in line four hun-
dred and forty-eight, to strike oat '-$120,000"
and insert "5100,000;" so as to make the
appropriation for clothing and equipage of the
Army $100,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. COLE. I hope we shall be allowed to
get through with the reading of the bill.
Mr. STEVENSON. I withdraw the motion.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to strike out, commencing
in line four hundred and sixty-five, the follow-
ing clause:
For tbis amount, to reimburse the appropriation
tor subsisting the Army with the vaiue of rations
issued by officers of the Army for subsisting Indi-
ans during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1871,
<>282,893 GO, '
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line four
hundred and eighty-one, following the appro-
priations for the signal office, to insert the fol-
lowing proviso:
Provided, That no part of this appropriation, nor
any appropriation for the several Departments of
the Government, shall bo expended for telegraph-
ing between said Departments and their officers or
agents, except at rates first to be established by the
Postmaster General, under section two of chapter
two hundred and thirty of the statutes of 1866. when
over lines subject thereto.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines five hun-
dred and seventeen and five hundred and
eighteen, to increase the appropriation "for
the Executive avenue and adjacent grounds,
recently inclosed, for grading, paving, and
otherwise completing the work during the
hscal years ending June 30, 1869, and June
"0,1870," from $21,679 43 to $25,219 25.
i he amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add after line
five hundred and fifty-five the words "this item
and the two preceding items are for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1871 ;" so as to read:
Naval establishment:
Marine corps: for rent of quarters for officers
where there are no public quarters, $1,569 13.
lor forage for horses belonging to field and staff
officers ot the marines, $1,447 34.
lor indispensable miscellaneous articles for the
use oi the marine barracks at Brooklyn, New York,
ana tor other posts, $j3l 60. This item and the two
30ei87infiri are ^soa'yoar ending June
The amendm ent was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line five
hundred and fifty-seven, to add the following:
quarters where there are no
public quarters, $3,354.
$3 510 i0ra8° f°r h°rSeS f°r fleId and staff offioers.
P'rLJ?^nt !?r.,per dicm t0 Marine band,
tnr th'p fivi? J „ v 'kqtwo preceding items are
tor the nscal year ending June 30,1872.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment, was in line five hun-
dred and sixty-nine, to reduce the appropria-
tion for completion of the survey of a route
n 'r 1 p-eatial between the Atlantic and
lacinc oceans, by the routes of Tehuantepec
and Nicaragua, ivith reports upon the same,"
from $25,000 to $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line five
hundred and eighty-three, to insert the follow-
ing:
Land OfTico :
ti,f °fir co,nti,,1?ont o*P«nses of district land offices for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1870, $5,000.
io supply uenciency in the appropriation for the
expense oi depositing public moneys for the fiscal
year ending June 30,1871, $8,000.
I he amendment was agreed to.
T'1®,next; amendments were under the head
ot 'Patent Office, ' to strike out in line five
hundied and ninety-three the word " printing"
and insert "plates;" in line five hundred and
ninety-seven, to strike out "a" and insert
one; to strike out" in lines five hundred
and ninety-eight, five hundred and ninety-
nine, ana six hundred the words "sent to
each oi such public libraries, not exceeding
ten in each congressional district and Territory
as may be designated by the member of the
House from such district or Territory," and to
insert in lieu thereof the words "furnished to
each Senator, Representative, and Delegate in
Congress; and four copies shall be sent to such
public libraries as may be designated by each
benator, Representative, and Delegate," and
to insert at the end of the paragraph the words
"ana all sums received from such subscrip-
tion snail be, on or before the 1st day of each
month, paid into the Treasury;" so that the
paragraph ■will read: -
Patent Office:
To provide for the plates of an Official Gazette of
tor, Representative, and Del^e h'clnlre^Tnd
mayje^elilnMedV^
bazetto shall be charged to each subscribe" aSd all
bpforeThe^ da?? sl>b3°ription shall be, on or
Treasury. ° month, paid into the
The amendments were agreed to.
The next amendment was after line six
hundred and eight, to insert as a heading
"for the public printing. "
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after
line six hundred and thirteen the following:
Census:
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for
the expenses of the ninth census, 820,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line six hun
dred and forty-four, to strike out the words
" engine-room of the House of Representa-
tives," and to insert "south wing of the
Capitol;" so as to read:
For the purpose of buying and putting in place a
new boiler, water-tank, and steam-pump in the
south lying of the Capitol, $10,000.
And at the end of the paragraph to strike
out the following proviso:
Provided, That in the adjustment of the accounts
ofF. W. (.'lemons, late disbursing agent of the Capi-
tol extension, the accounting officers of the Treasury
are hereby authorized and directed to allow him the
sum of f800. to be paid from the appropriations here-
tofore made for expenses of the ninth census, as
compensation for increased responsibility ;md labor
in disbursing said appropriations from October 1,
1870, to September 13,1871.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out from
line six hundred and eighty-nine to line six
hundred and ninety-eight, as follows:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he
hereby is, authorized to expend for the romoval of
Chippewa Indians to the White EarthLake reserva-
tion, in Minnesota, for their subsistence for sis
months after their removal, and for improvements
on the said reservation, the unexpended balance of
appropriations heretofore made for such removal,
subsistence. See,., and now on the books of the Treas-
ury Department, amounting in the aggregate to
$57,079 44.
Mr. HARLAN. I would inquire why the
committee propose to strike this out?
Mr. COLB. Because it was not needed. 1
believe the Senator from Kentucky on the
committee had that matter in charge.
Mr. STEVENSON. I was not in favor of
striking it out. I was in the minority on that
question. I am for retaining the clause.
Mr. COLB. I believe the identical item is
in the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. HARLAN. If it is in the Indian bill,
of course that is a sufficient reason for striking
it out here.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that is the reason.
Mr. HARLAN. If it is in the other bill,
of course it ought to be stricken out of this.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We found it was dupli-
cated, I am quite certain.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment reported by the
Committee on Appropriations.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask leave to refer an
amendment to the Committee on Appropri-
ations, that they may consider it. It is an
amendment I suggested some time ago for forty
additional temporary clerks in the Land Office,
I want the chairman of the committee espe-
cially, or some member of the committee, now
to investigate it. I shall move it to-morrow
on the bill, and the Secretary of the Interior
has signified to me that he wanted me to call
the attention of the Senate to it. So I send
it to the Committee on Appropriations now
that they may examine into it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be received and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations. The reading
of the bill will proceed.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to strike out the following
clause from line six hundred and ninety-nine
to line seven hundred and two :
l?or this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, for subsisting the Navajo Indians in New
Mexico, for the fiscal year ending Jane 30, 1S72,
$6,000.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire why that is to be
stricken out; what reason the committee have
for it?
Mr. COLE. I may not be able to give very
satisfactory reasons in regard to it. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana [Mr. West] examined the
matter. .
