1872.]
APPENDIX TQ THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
593
42d Cong,...2J> SESS.
Uniform Tobacco Tax—Mr. Winchester.
Ho. OF Eeps.
to apply to all tobacco that might be used for
chewing, and provided tbat tobacco might be
pot up for smoking, containing all the stems,
under a tax of sixteen cents per pound. As
there had always been a very considerable
demand for plug and twist tobacco for smok-
ing, the manufacturers of this class of goods
put up a tobacco containing all the stemS,
ostensibly for siboking, under the sixteen
cents tax 5 but it was soon found that this
article was being extensively used for shew-
ing, for who eould prevent a man from chew-
ing the tobaeqp he nominally bought for
smoking ? .
Hence, with the apparent intention, of recti-
fying what te be an injustice to that
class of manufacturers known as .cutters, the
Department.so cooKkrwed .the law as to forbid
any plwg.Of twist tabaaco being put up under
a tax of sixteen cents.: Undfsr this construc-
tion,. however, «, worse feature of injustice was
created, to the direct and great prejudice of
plug and twist men, than the tupposed injus-
tice to cutters under the law m originally under-
stood ; for While the law was at first construed
to discriminate only as to the quality of mate-
rial manufactured, allowing- both cutters and
plug men to maiMifaetufe leaf without the
stems under a thirty-two cent# tax, and leaf
containing all the stems under a sixteen cents
tax, it now gives the cutters the exclusive
privilege: £>f putting, tobacco upon the market
under a-aixteen cents tax, which, although
said to contain all the stems, and sold aa smok-
ing tobacco, is found to answer satisfactorily
for chewing purposes, and is largely used in-
stead. of plug or twist, because the latter has
to pay one hundred per cent, more tax. The
same tax' on the same material, no matter how
manufactured, can operate to the injury of no
one. The experience of the Government has
conclusively shown thM a uniform tax on
eigare is wore easily collected, more produc-
tive of revenue, and more satisfactory to the
taxpayer.
I'  1862,. 1868, and 1864, there was a graded
tax imposed upon cigars. This, tax varied
from eight to ibrty dollars per thousand, ac-
cording to the selling price-of the cigars, This
method of graded taxation was so unsatisfac-
tory, both to the revenue department and to-
the tax-payers, that after an experience of
three years it was abandoned, and in March,
1865, Congress amended the law by establish-
ing a uniform rate of ten dollars per thousand,
irrespective of quality. At the present time the
tax is five dollars per thousand ort all grades
of cigars. Tlie common Wheeling stogy,
retailed at three cents- each, and the finest
domestic Havana cigar, retailing at from ten
to fifteen cents, are efteh subject to the same
uniform tax of half a cent each cigar,
The rate of tax is also uniform on all quali-
ties of distilled spirits, and yet the market
value of a proof gallon of apple or peach
brandy, or of the best Bourbon whisky, is
more tlrnh doable the market value of a proof
galloa of common highwines. The same prin-
ciple of« uniform rate of taxation is also ap-
plied to all kinds of fermented liquors. A
barrel of common beer, sells at from seven to
eight dollars, •while a. barrel of fine ale is worth
from thirteen to fifteen dollars, and yet both
are subject to the uniform tax of one dollar
per barrel.
Experience has > established the advantage
of uniformity in taxation. The difference of
tax is not, as many suppose, based upon the
cost or character of the material, nor the pur-
poses for which used, but ie determined by the
manner of manufacturing and packing the
same; a large quantity of the tobacco sold
as smoking under the sixteen cents rate, being
made of more costly material, and sold to the
consumer at a higher price per pound than the
average price of plug or twist, while the tax
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 38.
upon the latter is thirty-two cents, or twice as
much. The average price of plug made in the
United States, including that which is exported
in bond, "that is, les3 the tax," is about the
same as the tobacco sold under the sixteen
cents class, "less the tax," showing conclu-
sively that the difference in price as paid by
the consumer is nothing more nor less than the
difference in tax.
Much is said about the effect of a uniform
rate of taxation upon the grower or producer
of leaf. This being the largest tobacco-produc-
ing country in the world, exports largely of
this product about seventy per cent, of the
amount produced being laken for exports.
The price, like that of cotton and other pro-
ducts that are largely-exported, is fixed entirely
by the export demand, and any legislation tbat
disturbs the-natural condition or relative value
of raw leaf so as to lessen this demand is
Against "the interest of the producer and the
country at large. If, as is asserted by the ad-
vocates of a graded tax, the value of stems
and low grade leaf is advanced relatively
higher than the better class, then it is evident
that any graded tax is ruinous to the producer
and grower, the low grades being'used almost
exclusively for export.
Any system of taxing the manufactured ar-
ticle that changes the natural condition of the
raw material as to value, or fictitiously advances
the price of it, or any of our products, to, a
point where it can be produced by the coun-
tries that under a natural condition of things
are our largest customers, will necessarily en-
Courage and force these countries to grow it,
because it is cheaper to produce than to buy
of us. In this country we are able to produce
tobacco of this character suited to foreign
countries in larger quantities and at les3 cost
than in any other country, and like cotton,
we can sell to them cheaper than they cau pro-
duce it. This being the case we do not want
unnatural or fictitious prices and decreased for-
eign demand, but such legislation as will leave
the raw material of all grades as if no tax
was collected from the manufactured article,
encouraging the production and increasing the
export demaud.
The true principle of taxation is to have a
System that will leave all interest connected
with the article to be taxed in just such con-
dition as to the trade in either the raw mate
rial or the manufactured article as if not taxed
-at all. This ean only be accomplished as
regards the matter undef discussion by a uni-
form rate of tax upon all tobacco that enters
the market for consumption, regardless of the
manner or form in which it is presented for
sale. It is claimed by the cutters that they
make the only market for low grades of leaf,
and have persuaded the farmer that but for
them he would have no demand for his lugs or
poor leaf; aud in proof of this they undertake
to point to the average price of the stock used
by them, which they represent on the average
is but four and a half cents per pound.
But how is this average obtained ? 'f hey
work in medium and low grades of smoking
at least one half stems, worth one dollar per
one hundred pounds, with a leaf tobacco
worth say eight dollars per one huudred
pouuds, making for the two hundred pounds
nine dollars, or $4 SO per one hundred pounds.
The impression wrongfully sought to be made
is that four and a half cents is the oost of the
raw leaf they buy of the farmer, giving hiin his
best if not liis only market. Any one familiar
with the leaf trade knows that thegreat demand
for low leaf, lugs, trash, and stems is from Ger-
many, our largest and best customer for rol'use.
Now, it is equally well known that plug men
use leaf of the very lowest grade, even prim-
ings, at $1 50 per one hundred pounds: also
stems, trash, and the very sweepings off the
floor, selling their products as low as eight
cents. Did they pay only the same tax as the
cutters they could use up all ihese stems and
trash, &o.. instead of being compelled to dis;
pose of the same to cutters or Germany for a
trifling price.
But the cutters say that their product will
not bear a higherrate of tax than sixteen cents.
The plug men may urge the same with equal
truth, and forproof pointto the depressed con-
dition of the one and the flourishing state of
the other. I have before me a comparative
statement showing the. falling off in the rev-
enue from the collection of taxes under the
thirty two cent class in two of the principal
manufacturing districts in this country for the
first four months of tbe present year as com-
pared with icceipts from the same source for the
same period of the year 1871. I find that there
is a falling off pf twenty'-five per cent, in the first
district of Missouri, and ove-r forty per cent,
in the third district (Richmond) of Virginia.
A deficit in my own district, though not so
large, is very large.
But, Mr. Speaker, the present discriminating
tax opens the road and invites 40 fraud against
the revenue, because, under the language em-
ployed m the law, it is almost impossible when
the finished package of manufactured smoking
tobacco is placed upon the market to determ-
ine whether it is subject to a tax of sixteen
centsor thirty-two cents per pound. The most
experienced experts cannot tell .with certainty
whether some portions of the stems or butts
of the leaf have not been separated during
some of the manipulations through which it
has passed in the process of manufaciuring.
These frauds are known to be very extensive,
and can only be obviated by the establishment
of a uniform rate.
In Great Britain there is an import duty of
seventy-two cents per pound on all leaf or
manufactured tobacco, consequently the tax
paid by the British consumer on all grades
of tobacco, when manufactured, is almost
precisely the same. If in that country, where
more than thirty million dollars are paid
annually by the consumers of manufactured
tobacco, there is any difference in the mar-
ket price of the various grades of tobacco,
that difference is determined l>y the quality
of the tobacco aud not by the inequality of
the tax. I submit that the habit of consum-
ing tobacco by smoking is as much a luxury
or a solacc as the habit of usingit for chewing,
or that both are equally offensive and injurious,
if you please, and that there is no good reason,
either in morals, in the interests of manufac-
facturers, or in the iuterest of tbe revenue
department, why this almost universally used
narcotic should be taxed thirty-two cents per
ppuudi to the consumer when it is chewed and
only sixteen cents per pound when it is smoked.
4t is neither wise uor just to tax consumers
for exercising their preference its to the form
of the article to be consumed, or to impose a
heavier duty on an article to be used one
way than is imposed on the same article when
it is to be used in another way.
It is a well known fact that in the northern
and eastern States plug tobacco is largely used
for smoking purposes. For many years t ho
sailors on the ocean aud on the lakes, the lum-
bermen of Maine, Michigan, and Wisconsin,
and the miners of Pennsylvania, have used
•plug and twist tobacco very extensively for
smoking, equally as much so, indeed, aa for
chewing; and who will-undeitake to say that
it is right that these men when they take out
their knives and shave off their plugs to smuke
iu their pipes must pay more tax for smoking
this, tbe tobacco of their choice, than the man
who should smoke a tobacco prepared iu a
different and probably a more costly way ?
The present uncertainty that has surrounded
this question has seriously depressed trade
everywhere, and it should be settled speedily
