1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4229
to be conveyed to the East in these cars. No
liability, I conceive, would attach to one com-
pany tbat might receive the.cattle from another
company unless by neglect or want of care on
their part they were improvident in not getting
(he proper information to enable them to know
whether the terms of this law had been com-
plied with.
I simply rose not so much to criticise the
bill as to say that I am very glad that the
subject-matter of this bill has at last been
brought to the consideration of Congress, and
I shall with very great alacrity vote for the
bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, inconse-
quence of what has-fallen from the Senator
from New Jersey, as well as from the Senator
from Maine, as to my omission aswell as that
of the Senator from Ohio to point out any con-
stitutional objection to this bill, I desire to say
a word..
I did state, when I first rose to address the
Senate, that there were upon this side of the
Chamber grave doubts of the constitutional
power of Congress to pass the bill. I share
those doubts. I will state one reason tor
them, though X shall aut argue the question
at any length.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If my honor-
able friend will allow me, I came in while tlie
honorable Senator was speaking. That remark
must have been made by him before I came
into the Chamber.
Mr. GASSEULY. The question so far as
the Government is concerned is a twofold
question ; first, of the treatment of the dumb
animals; and next, of the health of the com-
munity where they are to be consumed as
food. Now, that the State has not ouly the
supreme right, but the exclusive right over
the subject of the health of the community
within its jurisdiction, there can be no sort
of doubt.- There is just as little doubt that
Congress has nothing in the world to do
with it.
In the next place, the State, it must be con-
ceded, has power to regulate all subjects of
police jurisdiction within her territory. If
the State has that power, it must be in its
nature an exclusive power. It is very difficult
for me to conceive of two different sovereign-
ties exercising police powers over the same
subject within the same territory. Either the
one is supreme or the other is. Whichever is
supreme is exclusively supreme.
Congress, 1 know, has the power to "regu-
late commerce between the States." Though
it were true that the business of transporting
caitle between the States is "commerce be-
tween the Slates," it would by no means follow
that we have power to pass this bill. When
two powers come in conflict, the lesser must
give way. The police powerof the State, as I
have shown, is the highest that can be in this
discussion ; for it is a power without which
the State cannot be, Therefore Congress,
under the guise of regulating commerce, can-
not take away the police power of the State.
That is my short view of a very great question.
But,, sir, I shall not argue the question of
constitutional power for very obvious reasons.
It has been my misfortune so often daring my
short term here to present questions of con-
stitutional objection of the highest gravity to
the Senate without finding that ever once the
objections made the slightest impression upon
even the few who did me the honor to listen
to such a discussion during the protracted,
weary sessions spent by the Senate and by the
minority under the compulsion of the majority
upon various political bills—I say, sir, that
my ill fortune has been so marked in all those
cases as to leave me without any desire to
renew the experiment. I do not think during
my time in this body, be it short or long, while
the majority remains in the temper which it
has shown since I came here upon constitu-
tional, questions in regard to the powers ex-
ercised by Congress, that I shall trouble the
Senate with, any discussion or any views on
such questions very often.
I am not quite certain that there is not some
fascination in a doubt as to the constitutional
power, some fascination even in the plainest
want of constitutional power that is almost
irresistible to Congress as at present consti-
tuted. However that- may be—and I do not
of course mean to say that in any disrespectful
sense—if I have not presented a constitutional
question in this case at any length it is be-
cause I am entirely satisfied of the futility of
such a discussion. I do not admit, either by
jiilence or otherwise, the constitutional power
of Congress to pass this bill, but if it is to pass
I wish it to be made as conducive to the end
which it professes to have in view as possible. |
With that purpose, in candor and in good faith
I have offered the amendment which is now
at the desk, and hope to offer other amend-
ments before the bill is finally disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Ohio, to postpone the bill until the first Mon-
day in December next.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. Now I ask that my
amendment be read, as some time has elapsed
since it was offered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on.the amendment of the Senator from
California, which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
That this act shall nottake effectforone year from
anil after the date of tho passage thereof, and it shall
not apply in any State which shall have by lawsuffi-
cient provision for the prevention of cruelty to ani-
mals within the intent and meaning; of this act,
together with tho same or equal means for enforcing
such provisions.
Mr. CASSERLY. That is a pretty decisive
test of the purpose of this act. Therefore 1
ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ALCORN. It seems to me that_ the
amendment of the Senator from California is
wanting in directness. It provides that this
law of Congress shall not apply to any State
that has sufficient laws for the protection of
animals. Who is to judge of the sufficiency
of those laws? Where is the tribunal that is
to decide the question?
Mr. CASSEliLY. Will the Senator allow
me?
Mr. ALCORN. Certainly; I merelyask for
information.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am very glad to be
able to answer. My amendment requires that
the State laws shall be sufficient lor the pre-
vention of cruelty to animals withiu the intent
and meaning of this act, and that those laws
sball furnish equal means for enforcing those
provisions with this act. Of course, who shall
judge, the Senator asks. The courts are to
judge when the question is raised ; and it is to
the courts that we leave all questions finally.
I endeavored to make the amendment more
specific, but I found that it would not do with-
out undertaking to tie the States down to the
very language of this act, which of course
nobody would propose.
Mr. STOCKTON. I have but a word to
say on this subject. It is unnecessary for me
or for any Senator to say on this floor that this
bill springs from motives which are entitled
to the highest respect. It originates with
persons who are engaged in attempting to
ameliorate the sufferings of the brute, creation,
than which I know no nobler pursuit. There
can then be no difference of opinion as to the
propriety of the motive which suggests a bill
of this character, and I have tried ever since
the bill was introduced to satisfy myself that
it was a constitutional measure and was in
accordance with that class of penal legisla-
tion which has heretofore been decided by the
courts of the United States to be within our
jurisdiction. I do not now rise to argue
that it is not so. I rise simply to say that I
have not been able to convince myself that
the bill is a constitutional bill, or is in accord-
ance with the construction of congressional
power given by the acts of Congress in refer-
ence to such penal questions. I have no
doubt whatever that a bill can be framed that
will acomplish all that is intended by the
promotersof this measure without being liable
to the objections which seem to my mind to be
serious at present to this particular bill.
Mr. President, to occupy more than a few
moments on this subject would be, at the
present stage of the session, to be doing
intentionally what I certainly shall not do in
this case, intentionally or unintentionally,
that is to delay the progress of the measure
by occupying time. If other Senators in this
body believe this bill to be constitutional, I
am very glad of it, I hope they will vote for
it; and as tar as I am myself concerned, I
shall simply regret that I have not been able
to come to the same conclusion.
I know of no quicker way to give the precise
point I wish to make than by reading a few
lines from one of the statutes of the State of
New Jersey, consisting of but a few lines. I
read from an act approved March 27, 1867 :
"Every person who shall cruelly beat or torture
any horse, mute, ox, or other animal, whether
belonging to himseif or to another, shall be guilty
of misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof shall be
punished by fine not exceeding $100, or imprison-
ment in the county jail not exceeding one year."
No man can torture any animals in the State
of New Jersey without being subject to flue
and imprisonment. No man can have charge
of a dumb animal in the State of New Jersey
in a railroad car within the jurisdiction of the
supreme court of the State of New Jersey, and
ill-use that animal, without being subject to
fine and imprisonment. On all those great
lines to-day, from the moment the owner or
person having charge of these animals strikes
the borders of the State, until he arrives at
the terminus in J ersey City, he is liable to be
arrested and imprisoned for any cruelty prac-
ticed toward them. I do not know and have
not examined the question as to whether such
a law exists in all the States through which
these lines of railroad pass; but 1 think, so
far from needing legislation, the people who
are seeking to carry out honestly and earn-
estly this great work, most of them ladies, had
better be advised to see that the laws of the
States on the subject are enforced, which are
broken every day to the scandal of the com-
munity. I believe it is not legislation that is
wanted, but a little more practical application
of the sound and honest principles which have
actuated the production of these measures.
Now, Mr. President, the broad distinction
in this country has been drawn and admitted
by all lawyers of all parties between the exer-
cise of a penal jurisdiction by the State over
offenses within its own jurisdiction, or penal
laws havingno extra-teiritorial effect whatever,
their municipal punishment of crime, and all
the power that does exist or ever has existed
in the United States Government to punish
offenses committed against it and its laws,
offenses arising on the high seas, offenses
against the Post Office laws, offenses against
the Treasury laws. Why, sir, if my recollec-
tion is right it is a mooted question whether a
State court can present an indictment against
a man for passing counterfeit money within
her borders I think it cannot.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no. The law is per-
fectly clear that the State can punish the pass-
ing of counterfeit money if she has a statute on
the subject. The Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States has decided that a State may punish,
and the United States may punish also, as two
distinct and separate offenses.
Mr. STOCKTON. I thank the Senator for
stating the matter more clearly than 1 did. _ I
said, and I was trying to show that the line
was drawn clearly. The United States has
its jurisdiction in reference to violations of its
laws, but in reference to the violations of the
laws of a State, the State has its jurisdiction.
