1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
JMl
The question was on ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It provides that the
provisions of section five of the act approved
the 10th day of April, 1869, entitled "An act
to amend the judicial system of the United
States," shall be extended to any judge of
a United States court who resigned his office
after the 1st day of January, 1865, and before
the passage of the act referred to, after having
attained to the age of seventy, having held a
commission as such at least ten years; and
such judge shall receive such salary as he was
entitled to at the time he resigned his office,
the amount paid to be computed from the date
of such resignation.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is this a public bill?
Mr. PETERS. It is reported upon the
memorial of a private individual.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman make
a point of order upon this bill ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I think it is a public bill,
yet I do not desire to make that point of order
upon it if some explanation can be made. I
suppose this bill is intended to apply to some
particular case.
Mr. PETERS. This bill is founded upon
the memorial in behalf of Ashur Ware, who
was a district court judge in the State of Maine
for forty-four years. He is now over ninety
jears of age ; he is absolutely so infirm as to
require the attendance of nurses day and
night, and he is absolutely a poor man. He
was a man of most eminent ability as a judge,
and this relief is asked for by the judges of
the Supreme Court, by the judges of all the
other Federal courts, by the bar of Cumber-
land county, Maine, and by the bar of the rest
of Maine and elsewhere, wherever such a peti-
tion has been presented to any person who
has any knowledge of the subject. The Com-
mittee on the Judiciary have unanimously in-
structed me to report this bill. Judge Ware
resigned in 1865. Had he remained upon
the bench until 1868 his case would have
been covered by the retiring act of that year.
Upon examination it is found that by car-
rying back the operation of that act to Jan-
uary, 1865, it will cover the additional case of
Judge Ware, and only one other, that of Judge
Sprague, of Massachusetts, who resigned in
1866 because he had become almost totally
blind. He had remained for years upon the
bench of Massachusetts while in that condi-
tion, the bar of that State being unwilling that
he should leave that high position even with
all his infirmities.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think this House and
Congress made a very grave mistake in the
enactment of the law proposing to organize
a civil pension list. I think that is contrary
to the spirit and genius of our institutions,
but it has been begun. The case the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Peters] has presented
I think is as meritorious as apy. I certainty
would not be justified in pressing the point ot
order on this bill if it is made to apply to
these particular officers. It provides for a
period of service of ten years.
Mr. PETERS. Judge Sprague was on the
bench nearly thirty years.
Mr. HOLMAN. It should be made to re-
quire more than ten years' service.
Mr. PETERS. It can apply only to these
two cases.
Mr. HOLMAN. It might cover other cases.
Ten years' service is certainly too low a limit.
Mr. PETERS. Let the gentleman name
some limit.
Mr. HOLMAN. Make it thirty years.
Mr. PETERS. I think Judge Sprague was
appointed in 1840, and left the bench in 1866.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then make it twenty-five
years.
Mr. PETERS. Say twenty years, as I may
be mistaken by a year or two.
Mr. HOLMAN. Very well; I will move to
strike out "ten" and insert "twenty."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. PETERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
james t. miller.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill (H. R. No. 186-5) for
the relief of the sureties of James T. Miller,
late collector and public depositary at Wil-
mington, North Carolina; which was read a
first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, releases and dis-
charges from all liability to the United States
the sureties of James T. Miller, late of Wil-
mington, North Carolina, upon his bonds as
collector and public depositary.
The bill was ordered to "be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
court records is chicago.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back, with a recommenda-
tion that the same do pass, Senate bill No.
853, to restore the records of the United States
courts in the northern district of Illinois.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill was then read at length. The first
section provides that in proceedings to restore
the records of the circuit and district courts
of the northern district of Illinois, destroyed
by fire on the 9th of October, 1871, under the
act of March 3, 1871, entitled "An act relat-
ing to records of the courts .of the United
States," the notice required by said act may
be served upon any non-resident of said dis-
trict anywhere within the jurisdiction of the
United States, or in any foreign country, the
proof of. the service of such notice, if
made in a foreign country, to be certified
by a minister or consul of the United
States in such country under his official seal.
The second section provides that a certified
copy of the official return of the district attor-
ney, clerk of the circuit or district court, or
the marshal of the northern district of Illinois,
made in pursuance of law, and on file in the
Department of Justice, relating to any cause
in either of said courts to which the United
States was a party, the record of which was
destroyed in the fire, may be filed in the court
to which it appertains, and shall have the same
force and effect as if it were an original return
made to the court; and in any case in which
the names of the parties, and the date and
amount of the judgment or decree shall appear
from such returns, it shall be lawful for the
court in which they are filed to issue the
necessary process to enforce such decree or
judgment in the same manner as if the
original record was before the court. The
third section provides that it shall be the
duty of the district attorney for the north-
ern district of Illinois to take such steps as
may be necessary to restore the records and
files of the circuit and district courts of the
district which were destroyed by fire on the
9th of October, 1871, andin which the United
States is interested, so far as the judges of the
courts, respectively, shall deem it essential to
the interests of the United States that the
records and files be restored; and the judges
of the courts, respectively, are authorized to
direct such steps to be taken as, in their opin-
ion, shall be deemed advisable to restore the
judgment dockets and indices of the courts,
and, for that parpose, may direct the perform-
ance, by the clerks of the courts, and by the
United States attorney for th'e district, of any
duty incident thereto, and the clerks and the
district attorney are to be allowed such com-
pensation and disbursements for services ren-
dered under this section (in cases where bo
compensation is now provided bylaw for such
services) as may be allowed by the Attorney
General, and certified to be just and reason-
able by the judge of the court in which the
services are rendered, and the amount so al-
lowed is to be paid out of the judiciary fund.
But the sum allowed the clerks is not to exceed
the sum of $12,000, and the entire compensa-
tion of the United States attorney for such
services is not to exceed the sum of $6,000.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call the previous ques-
tion on ordering this bill to a third reading.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof, the bill was ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BIN GH AM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
hannibal and st. joseph railroad, etc.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to take the judg-
ment of the Speaker upon the question whether
the report I am about to present is of a private
nature. I ask the Clerk to read the resolution
appended to the report.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
discharged from the further consideration of the
said resolution, and that the same do lie upon the
table, and that the Secretary of the Interior be
notified hereof.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] was about to submit a question
to the Chair.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. This res-
olution reports back, with a recommendation
that no further action be taken upon it, a reso-
lution of the House requiring an investigation
into the doings and the rights of the Hannibal
and St. Joseph Railroad Company in regard
to land grants; and also into the doings of the
Central Branch Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany as regards a land grant. Those were two
public grants of land to railroads for public
purposes. Now, I submit that it is not^ in
order to report on private bill day the action
of the Judiciary Committee on this subject,
which is public in its nature.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, the ^natter
referred to involves simply a conflict of inter-
ests between various railroad companies in
respect to their right to certain lands hereto-
fore appropriated by a public law. In the
resolution referred to the committee, it was
alleged among .other things that a certain
assignment made by the Hannibal and St.
Joseph Railroad Company to the Central
Branch Union Pacific Railroad Company was
fraudulent and void, and the committee were
instructed to inquire into the validity of said
assignment. ,
I desire to say that in making this report
recommending that the committee and the
House be relieved from the further considera-
tion of the subject, and that the whole matter
he referred back where it belongs^to tlie tri-
bunals of justice and the Executive Depart-
ments for settlement—we decide nobody s
rights. The question, in my view, is in every
light a conflict of private interests arising
under the laws of the United States. I shall
be perfectly content with any decision which,
the Speaker may make on this point; but it
was a matter of great doubt in my own mind,
notwithstanding the rulings of this House
that railroad grants are to be considered public
bills whether a conflict between different rail-
road' companies is not as much a private ques-
