THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
arrangement, this officer performed for the
current year his duties. Therefore, to cut
down the salary now or refuse to make the
appropriation now is to deny him $1,500 of
the salary he has earned for the year which will
end on the 30th of June. This is to correct
that injustice, leaving the future untouched, so
that if Congress choose at the commencement
of the next fiscal year to reduce this salary
to $3,000, Mr. Edleman, a man of usefulness
and accomplishments, being unwilling as he
will be to serve for that salary, can seek em-
ployment elsewhere. That is an option which
Congress will retain. The purpose of my pres-
ent amendment is simply to provide for pay-
ing the salary actually earned during the fiscal
year under the law and the understanding of
the Department. I think no member of the
committee has any objection to it, and I think
no member of the Senate will object to it. I
have here a letter from the sub-Treasurer
explaining it, which I do not read because it
will consume time.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENSON. I wish to offer a verbal
amendment. In line four hundred and sixty-
three I move to insert, after the word " trans-
porting," the word ''State," and after the word
"troops,to strike out the word '"for" and
insert ''which were used in;" so as to read,
"and transporting State troops which were
used in the defense of the United States," &c.
It is a verbal amendment only.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It may be more than
verbal. Let the clause be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
For payment of any balance duo, or to be found
due. during the present fiscal year, to any State, for
costs, clia ges, and expenses contemplated and pro-
vided lor in and by the act approved July 27.1861,
being an act to indemnify certain States for expenses
incurred by them in enrolling, equipping,and trans-
porting troops tor the delense of the United States
duiing the late rebellion, $1,000,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. All hough this is a verbal
amendment, as my friend says, it is an amend-
ment of very great importance. It changes
altogether what we have hitherto done as a
iule, and for the transportation of any State
militia by the Slate authorities themselves,
who were used in defending the United States,
as all militia must be under the Constitution,
although at ibo same time they were defending
their own State and preserving order in their
own State1, it makes the Treasury responsible.
If you adopt that principle there are a great
many millions of money that will be due to
a great many of the States under all sorts
of circumstances in a way that we have not
yet contemplated as among the duties of the
Treasury of the United States to respond for.
Therefore, I hope the amendment will not be
adopted.
Mr. STEVENSON. My friend from Ver-
mont is lor once mistaken. He is generally
exceedingly accurate in all his propositions.
This amendment I took from the law which I
hold in my hand, and I will read the law to
show that the proposition in the bill is defect-
ive. I he amendment proposes to comply
with the law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What law?
Mr. S i'EVENSON. The law approved July
27, 1801. That appropriation on the 27th day
ot July, 1801, expired on the 30th day of June
last. An amendment has been proposed by
the Senator from Iowa, not now in his place,
to extend that appropriation. Now I will
read that law of July 27, 1861, which expired
on the^SOth of June, and the operation of
which is proposed to be continued by this
clause from line four hundred and fifty-seven
to line iour hundred and sixty-i'our. That
act is:
"'That the Secretary of the Treasury be. nnd he is
hereby, directed, out of any money m the Treasury
not otherwise appropriate'!, to pay to the Governor
of any totate,or to his duly authoi,aed agents, the
oosts, charges and expenses properly incurred by
such btate ior enrolling, subsisting, clothing, sup-
plying, arming, equipping, paying, and transporting
its troops"—-
The State troops—
"employed in aiding to suppress the present in-
surrection against the United States, to be settled
upon proper vouchers to be filed and passed upon
by the proper accounting officers of the Treasury."
If the Senator prefers it, I will take this act
and reenact it. My amendment only proposes
to reenact that law. This act says that it shall
be for transporting State troops "employed in
aiding to suppress the present insurrection
against the United States." I have made it
rather stronger. I have said that they must be
in the service of the United States, not only
in aiding them, but absolutely in the service.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My honorable friend from
Kentucky, as he always is, is very happy in
the adroitness of his terminology ; but in sub-
stance he is again greatly .mistaken. The act
to which he refers was passed, as he says, in
1861, and does use, as he says, the words 11 its
troops." By the construction of the Depart-
ment, acquiesced in by every State so far—
there may be a possible exception, but as a
rule I do not know any exception—the words
"its troops" were not understood to mean
State troops in the sense of militia, but were
understood to mean its volunteers raised under
the call of the President and transmitted to
the seat of actual hostilities. Upon that basis
my own State has been paid some sums of
money for that sort of service. It has not
been paid other sums of money where it has
transferred its own militia from one part of
the State to another at great expense in 1864,
when rebellion was organized in Canada as
well as in the southern States to make forays
upon our border, for the reason that every-
body understood, and I think rightly under-
stood, that the meaning of the act of 1861 in
using the words " its troops " was to apply to
those troops that were raised under the call of
the President to go out of their State, or, if
serving in it, to serve in the theater of war as
volunteers uuder the authority of the Union,
and subject to its commands in repressing the
rebellion.
Now, the language that my friend has used,
"the State troops," is an entirely different
thing, as it appears to me. Then, in addition
to that, this act of 1861, whatever it may
mean, has not expired; it is in force at this
moment. The only thing is, that there is no
money now which can be expended for that
purpose until Congress shall appropriate it.
Now, in order to put the proper construction
upon the act of 1861, the House of Repre-
sentatives has used the language that it has
in this act which has been read, and that is,
to indemnify the States for expenses incurred
by them in these operations, and in transport-
ing troops for the defense of the United States
during the late rebellion. The word "its"
has no special significance either way in this
connection. It would be just as well with
"its troops," or without, because they did not
transport any other troops except their own
troops, and their own troops by the settled
construction of this statute are those volun-
teer troops that the President called for and
that were brought into the national defense,
and it does not apply to the State troops per se
by that name, to nomine, who were paid by
the Governors of the States in preserving the
peace ot the States, and repressing incursions
into them, as every State is bound on its own
account, so to speak, to do; or whether it is
bound or not, it opens an entirely foreign
question. Therefore, with all submission to
my honorable friend, I submit we had better
not adopt this amendment.
_ Mr. STEVENSON. It happened to be
either my good or bad fortune while Governor
of the State of Kentucky to have a good deal
of practical knowledge on this subject, in con-
sequence of a regulation of the Treasury De-
partment, by Mr Chase, in his construction of
this act of 1861, as follows:
"It is-only for expenditures on aoeount of the
troops, otiicers, or men, that have been, or may be,
mustered u-nd received into or actually employed
in the service of the United States that reimburse-
ments will be made; nor will any reimbursement be
made by the United States of expenses incurred in
organizing, equipping, and maintaining troops for
State purposes or home-guards, whether called out
by State or local authority, unless such troops were
called out and suoh expenses incurred at the
request or under the authority of the President or
the Secretary of War."
That led to difficulty. The question was
referred to Mr. Stanton, then Secretary of
War. He decided that it was not necessary,
as now claimed by the Senator from Vermont,
that they should be called out either by the
Secretary of War or by the President, but that
in any sudden emergency where State troops
were already organized, and a commanding
general like General Sherman, or those in com-
mand in any of the western States, shall call
them out, without having time to communicate
or call for home guards or State troops, they
were entitled to be paid, and they were paid.
Now, my friend supposed, from some intima-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, as I think
he said the other day, that this only applied to
one case. If he understood the Secretary of
the Treasury aright, both he and the Secretary
are mistaken, as I propose to show by the
records of the War Department.
Mr.EDMONDS. Why,Mr. President,when
and where did I ever say I had any intimation
from the Secretary of the Treasury about it?
Mr. STEVENSON. I beg my friend's par-
don if he did not; T take it all back.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no recollection
of it.
Mr. STEVENSON. Probably it was in the
committee-room that he stated that he had
heard in some way that there was a difficulty
about this matter; but I take it all back if my
friend says I am mistaken.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator will par-
don me, what I said was sa;d in another place,
and in a place where our discussions are not
usually brought into this body.
Mr. STEVENSON. Certainly ; and I would
not have referred to it at all if I had thought
of that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly not; and I
make no criiicism upon it, because I know the
purity of my triend's motives, and that he
would not undertake to step over the boundary
in the least degree. I did say in a place that
shall be nameless, where it is proper to dis-
cuss such a thing, in respect to a certain claim
of the State of Kentucky, that I had under-
stood, I did not say how, and not because I
wished to conceal anything, but I did not
remember; but I had in some way got the
idea that there was a disputed question re-
specting the propriety of the allowance that
had been made on the 30th of June, 1871, if
that was the day, of a little over half a million
dollars to the State of Kentucky upon the
ground that some portion of it did not tall
within the proprieties of administration which
we had hitherto observed; and, therefore, that
in respect to that claim, it would be just, sup-
posing I were right, to have the matter reex-
amined. I pronounce no opinion now upon
whether that is right or wrong. That is an-
other ques'ion. That is all I think I said.
Mr. STEVENSON. I accept the explana-
tion of my friend from Vermont. I regret
that I alluded to it. It was with no purpose
of carrying this amendment, but only inci-
dentally.
Now, let us come back to the question
whether the amendment proposed by me is
not in accordance with the exact law of 1861.
My friend says that law is still in force. My
remembrance is that there is an express law.
I think I cannot be mistaken, that the appro
priation under it was to cease af.er the 30th
of June, 1871.
Mr. EDM UNDS. If my friend will pardon
me, that only arose in consequence of our
directing that all unexpended balances of ap-
propriations should be turned into the Treas-
ury. There is no provision that this act, ot
the force of it, shall cease atany time, I think.
