1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
595
42d Cong....2d Sess,
The Tariff—Mr. Biggs.
Ho, 6* RbpsJ
than by restoring old forms of wrong, and
adding to them many other grievances in the
shape of restraints and menaces, with actual
methods, means, and practices of persecution
and oppression? But it seems our present
Bourbonsin power never learn and never forget
nor forgive. To our suffering people, who ask
for bread and raiment, they give stones and
serpents. They feel they have something like a
divine right to offices and patronage, and to a
perpetuity in spoils and plunder, under the
cry of rebels, and copperheads, and traitors,
and worst of all, in their imaginations, Demo-
crats. They propose by fraud and force, the
spoils of carpet-baggers, the bayonet, the can-
non, and soldiery, to force their way to con-
tinued power over the prostrate and bleeding
form of civil liberty. If this cannot be
effected under the form of voting, debauched
as it will be and made compulsory by
oppressive means, it will be by usurpation
and the trampling under foot of all law and
right in these very halls of nominal power,
in the Capitol of the United States. And if
such a day shall come, and the avenging and
conquering people in all their majesty shall
pour into this city to see to it that a proper
effect is given to their verdict at the polls,
inlawed by influence, unseduced by gain, and
determined to have freedom and their rights
at any cost or sacrifice, then it will be that
an attempt may be made to protect such as
shall conspire to defeat their good and grand
object and their will by a soldiery who may
crowd the approaches ts this Hall, who will
have sentinels at every entrance to this seat
of the people's Government, which may be
surrounded by cannon and euveloping squad-
rons of horse.
Mr. Speaker, this is no vain imagination,
no fancy of the brain. These things are to
happen as sure as you and I and all of us are
now here, if the present party in power, failing
of enforcing in their behalf a popular indorse-
ment, can find a pretense for setting aside the
election in any manner the people will bear.
This will be a question for calculation, for
consideration with our present rulers,, when
the necessity or the policy of the thing is pre-
cipitated. I doubt not myself, if the South
cannot be coerced into the support of its
oppressors at the polls, that that very fact will
be urged as a proof of disloyalty or treachery
to the Union, and that charges will be as thick
as leaves in Vullombrosa, that the loyal ele-
ment was repressed at the South, and that such
elections in certain States will be declared
a fraud, and void of effect. It is therefore
necessary that other States than those which
are southern, or were rebel or slave-holditig,
should give majorities in the Electoral Col-
lege against our present regime of military
monopoly and official tyrants and oppressors.*
And to this end a basis of political grounds,
of action must be agreed upon by their op-
ponents, with such candidates for their suf-
frages as will carry the elections, not only iu
the South, but in the North and West—carry
them with such a mighty sweep as to terriiy
the enemies of the people in all their high
places and set at rest at the ides of March all
pretext on their part that the popular voice
has not been fairly and fully heard, and that
therefore it is to be treated as was once vainly
counseled and attempted by Thaddeus Ste-
vens in Pennsylvania, "as if it had not taken
place." But that was a buckshot war, in
which conspirators and usurpers fled by back
windows before an outraged popular senti-
ment. But, sir, the conspirators of our time
are not mere summer-day soldiers. ^ 'Hify
have courage and purpose that were trained in
the events of heady lights, and have proved
effective since in many ways to strangle popu-
lar rights. When such shall conspire to seize
the Government against the will of the peo-
ple, those who have been selected to bear the
ensigns of their authority and to take the
seals and seats of power must be resolute and
determined men, like Hancock or Hendricks,
or both, who know the rights of the people,
and knowiug will maintain them at any sacri-
fice and to the last extremity against usurpers
and tyrants, however backed, and by whom-
soever indorsed, led, or defended.
Sir, if it be said that the picture I have
drawn of the dangef of usurpation by an at-
tempted reversal of the fiat of the people
through the Electoral College is too highly
colored, then, 1 ask, why your supplementary
force bill of this Congress? Why the bill
introduced by General Butler yesterday in
addition to the bayonet act of the previous one?
There are one hundred thousand precincts
in the country, at which are to be twice as
many of a standing army of Federal supervis-
ors. to be reinforced ad libitum era occasion,
and all the creatures of the Executive. These
are to guard, or, it may be, to influence the
voting of the people. If these myrmidons
of power cannot control the voters when backed
in many cases by bayonets, what cannot they
falsely certify hither as to alleged, disorderly,
illegal, or disloyal transactions, to authorize
the setting aside of sufficient returns in south-
ern or other States to change a popular result,
and declaie General Grant President by a
count of electoral votes in this Chamber?
Why have you a bill before the Senate to
enforce the days of State elections? To the
end, doubtless, as far as practicable this year,
that all elections shall be under the control of
Federal official mercenaries. Why have you
a bill framed by another Senate leader, to
authorize another suspension of the "writ of
kabeas corpus, by which all the South perhaps
is to be put under martial law? I might ask,
parodizing in part the language of Patrick
Henry in the Revolution, are such acts precip
itating a cloud of Federal mercenaries upon
the people •' the work of love and reconcilia-
tion '• Must force bo called in to-win back
the love of the people?" "Let us notdeceive
ourselves; they are the implements of con-
tinued war and subjugation, the last argu-
ments to which tyrants resort."
I ask, sir, what means all this array of foul
and arbitrary actsoflegislation if theirpurpose
be not a bad one—one that shall set aside the
popular verdict, justify executive usurpation,
and the complete overthrow of civil govern-
ment and popular liberty in this country?
That to this are political affairs coming, in the
apprehension of the people, that the plainest
of them (I use the term of Mr. Lincoln) say
freely every day in their daily walk and avo-
cation that it is to be determined at this com-
ing election whether the forms of free govern-
ment are to exist longer, subverted in great
part as they are all ready both in letter and
spirit, or whether a night of military despotism
is to settle down in a land ouce the home of
the " brave and free. "
It is this feeling that is animating the masses
to take part once more, and perhaps for the
last time, in a canvass wherein they have any
rights at all; to attempt once more to cast off
the deadening burden of misrule, so replete
with lacerating wounds upon the body-politic.
It is this strong substratum of public opinion
that has caused the revolt against Grant in
the Radical party.
The Democratic party stands unchanged in
its inherent nature and vital character, being
the only party of principle in the country,
having been ever the party of the people. Its
mission m the future must be substantially the
same as in the past. If the Democratic party
is not what it was before the war as to the sla-
very issue, its posiiion being then to conserve
the rights of the slave States under the guar-
antees of the supreme law, it does not follow
that bow, when slavery has beenabolished,
such Democracy no longer exists; ' Ih the
sense that it was always the party-ofthe-fteo-
ple, sag&iast monopoly aad tyranny and aristo-
cratic forms and laws; it is now. democratic.
Mor is itt  be declared dead or of no virtue-
and effect in political affairs because gome of
its members are recalcitrant or reacsiveupon
one or another- political iBeastirefiike- protec- -
tion or. sdme point in financial isfeuesi - It 'WHS'
so to, a limited eastern ?- !y«t tboijojfcooattie:
party, as eufch and-peese, putuponitbe sa t cew
book the tariff of 1840, as so arriended
the . administration of General .= Pierce ?xhax-
our manufacturers With the trifling tmiigsfc-
(comparatively speaking) of-that period v-sir
steadily progressed that they eompeted with,
those of Europe-in the markets of the; world,
and during tiie same time bar shipping iaterest
became as great as that of Bwgland. If the
war and its consequences have entailed1 com-
binations more or less disturbing on destruc-
tive-of the previous political situation^as to,
some rights vested by the Constitution'iwMch •
all Democrats venerated and obeyed, it does
not follow that what worked Weil under Demo-
cratic auspices, but has since be®M abandoned
or lost, Shall not be. restored in foil-force and-
vigor. Through long years the Democratic
party struggled for the sub-Tr^aeury scheme,
and now shall it be said that a specie currency,
or a currency redeemable by specie, shall not
again rejoice the hearts, of tbo people? • ■■
Is it possible .that a gold-producing county
shajl have no other than si rag curueney yi Such;
a thought is foreign.to the faith*df Democrats.
The Democratic party stood pledged fosrefcism
in the banking system, and now that these ai>«r
eighteen hundred national bitnJm ih.-Uie coun-
try, manufacturing quite $400,000,000 of pap&r
money at the public cost, shall that .not, ib«
urged in respect, to them? The Democratic
party will still continue to fight against the
monopoly features, not only of the tariff system,
but against all oppressiveaud unjust measure#. •
The present tariff relief, under-the houieo,-
pathic treatment of Mr. "Dawes, effeeta.soTiie-
good, and if we cannot have-duties reduced as
they should'beon manufactured articles, Which,
duties so enlarge the expenses dftBe.pOor
while swelling the profits of the. naanufocMir-
ing capitalists, we may have at least some ad-
vantage to the people for the time being in the*
reduction of duties upon certain of the neoes-
saries of life, as upon tea and coffee.
Nor does it by any means follow, because
some Republicans huve broken off from their
party pf monopoly, aristocracy, and oppres-
sion, military and otherwise, that • the'party
which has ever opposed such things is broken
up. On the contrary, whatever this offshoot
calls itself, it becomes, so far as it goes, an ally'
of the Democratic party, because to that ex-,
tent supporting its old and time-honored prin-
ciples, which however baffled or sometimes
defeated undermost discouraging and haras?*
mg circumstances, will rise again triumphant,
as long as intelligence and virtue exist among
the masses of the American peopla. .
The Democratic party despair not of the
Republic, much as it is menaced in ma&y fear-
ful forms. Its principles, mission, and policy
are of the people, for the people; they must
prevail, and the party sustaining them will live
while the Republic lasts. The men at Cin-
cinnati have been in bad company, and have so
suffered that they must needs come out from'
a foul party whose steps take hold on death.
In the future triumph over place and _power
and "arbitrary nod" it will be the triumph
of Democratic principles old as our Govern-
ment, aud the honor will accrue not- to the'
detachments who have cast off a bad alle-
giance, but mainly to the great Democratic
army, which to-day comprises a yast majority
of the white men of this country, who should
