18.72.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3335
is better than that. That five-minutes rule does
not operate, I think, very well always. You
can always avoid it by offering an amendment,
then another amendment, and so a man may
prolong his speech for an hour and a half by
simply offering amendments. Let us have a
unanimous understanding that no amendments
to this bill shall be offered after half past one
o'clock or a quarter to two, and that we vote
on the bill at two.
Mr. MORTON. That may be the under-
standing, unless somebody should occupy the
floor until that time.
Mr. THURHAN. Let us come to this under-
standing, that no amendment shall be offered
after half past one.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suggest to my friend
from Ohio that the proposition as it came from
the Senator in charge of the bill is the best
one, that debate on the bill and present amend-
ments shall close at two o'clock on Monday,
and that five-minutes debate be allowed on all
amendments offered after that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate have
heard the suggestion of the Senator from Cali-
fornia. Is there objection to that proposi-
tion?
Mr. CORBETT. The five minutes should
be allowed to the person offering the amend-
ment. I think it ought to be confined to him.
["No!" "No!"]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state the proposition of the Senator from
Indiana and the Senator from California,
which is that at two o'clock on Monday the
Senate proceed to vote on the bill and amend-
ments which may be pending, and that on
amendments offered after that time there shall
be five minutes debate thereon by any Sena-
tor ; that is, one five-minutes speech on each
amendment by any Senator. Is there any
objection ? The Chair hears none.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and (at five
o'clock and four minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, May 11, 1872.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
fort gratiot reservation.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent to report from the Committee
on Appropriations, for consideration at this
time, House bill No. 1287, to provide for com-
pleting the survey of the Fort Gratiot military
reservation at Port Huron, in the State of
Michigan.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read,
after which it will be in order to object to its
consideration.
The bill, which was read, appropriates the
sum of $2,000, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to complete the survey and stake
out the blocks and lots heretofore sold and
hereafter to be sold in the Fort Gratiot mil-
itary reservation at Port Huron, in the State
of Michigan, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of War.
Mr. COBURN. I object.
order op business.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 17, noes 52.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. ELDREDGE said: There is no quorum
voting, and I ask the Chair to appoint tellers
under the rule.
The SPEAKER. The rule requiring tellers
to be appointed, when no quorum appears on
a vote by a division, does not apply to the
motion to adjourn, which can be decided with-
out a quorum.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day it be to meet on Tues-
day next.
Mr. DAWES. Allow me to inquire of the
gentleman what is the particular object of his
motion ?
Mr. ELDREDGE. I object to debate.
The question was taken upon the motion of
Mr. Eldredge, and upon a division there
were—ayes 11, noes 42; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Dawes and
Mr. Eldredge were appointed.
The House again divided ; and
Mr. DAWES, as one of the tellers, reported
that there were—ayes 7, noes 72, and 1 doubt-
ful. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDREDGE. The " one doubtful "
roust be the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means. As there is no quorum
voting, I move that the House adjourn.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move that there be a call
of the House.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 63, noes 13.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll, when
the following members failed to answer to their
names.
Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Archer, Banks, Barnum,
Barry, Bigby, Bright, George M. Brooks, Benjamin
F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, William T. Clark,
Freeman Clarke, Coghlan, Comingo, Cotton, Creely,
Crocker, Davis, De Large, Dickey, Duell, Ely, Wor-
ker, Henry D. Foster, Garrett, Goodrich, Haldeman,
Halsey.Hambleton, Hancock, Hanks, Harmer, John
T. Harris.Hays, John W. Hazelton, Hill, Holman,
Hooper, Houghton, Kellogg, Killinger, Kinsella,
Leach, Manson, Maynard, McHenry. McKee, Mer-
cur, Merriam, Merrick, Mitchell, Morphis, Orr,
Packer, Aaron F. Perry, Peters, Piatt, Porter, Potter,
Prindle, John M. Rice, Ritchie, Robinson, Sargent,
Sheldon, Shellabarger, Shober, Slocuin, Snyder,
Sprague, Stevens, Stowell, St. John,Thomas, Dwight
To wnsend, Washington Townsend,Tuthill, Twichell,
Van Trump, Voorhees, Waddell, AVhiteley, Whit-
thorn e, Williams of New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson,
Wood, and Young—88.
Before the result of the roll-call had been
declared, the following announcements were
made:
Mr. BECK. My colleague, Mr. McHenry,
is absent by leave of the House.
Mr. PERCE. My colleague, Mr. McKee,
is absent by leave of the House, and my col-
league, Mr. Morphis, is unavoidably detained
away.
Mr. .HOAR. My colleague, Mr. Brooks,
has gone home to enter upon the exercise of
another public duty, and his resignation will
shortly be placed in the hands of the Speaker.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I rise to a question of
order—whether the clerks have any right to
record names after the roll-call is concluded,
The SPEAKER. Strictly they have not
but as largely more than a quorum is present
the Chair presumes that no further proceed
ings will be required under the call.
Mr. BRAXION. My colleague, Mr. Har
ris, is absent by leave of the House.
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand that my col-
league, Mr. Van Trump, is absent by leave of
the House.
Mr. DAWES. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The roll call shows the
presence of one hundred and filty-two mem-
bers more than a quorum.
Mr. DAWES. I move that all further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
limitation of debate on tariff.
Mr. DAWES. I have been requested by
gentlemen all around me to modify the motion
I made yesterday, and to move one minute
instead of ten minutes as the limitation of
debate in Committee of the Whole upon the
first section of the tax and tariff bill.
Mr. MOORE. We insist upon a morning
hour. .
The SPEAKER. That question will be
determined by the House.
Mr. MOORE. I think most certainly that
we ought to have a morning hour.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Dawes, it was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I now move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union to resume the con-
sideration of the tariff and tax bill.
The motion was not agreed to, there being—■
ayes 66, noes 67.
Mr. DAWES. I do not want to struggle
with one half of the House, that number
appearing desirous of having a morning hour.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour now
begins at twenty minutes before twelve. The
first business in order is the bill reported from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, entitled'
a bill (H. R. No. 2312) to revise, consolidate,
and amend the laws relating to invalid pen-
sions.
Mr. MOORE. Before the Clerk resumes
the reading of that bill, I ask the House to
adopt the following resolution:
Resolved,, That the clerk of the Committee on
Invalid Pensions be paid for the present Congress
the same compensation as that authorized to be
paid to the clerk of the Committee of Elections.
Mr. NIBLACK. This is a most vicious
system of adopting resolutions in this House.
We ought to know in so many words how
much is proposed to be paid.
The SPEAKER. The resolution can only
come in by unauimous consent, and if the
gentleman from Indiana objects it is not before
the House.
Mr. NIBLACK. I do not object to the
resolution if the amount be fixed.
Mr. DAWES. I object.*
amendment of pension laws.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 2312) to
revise, consolidate, and amend the laws relating
to invalid pensions, and the Clerk will read the
pending section.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to a point
of order, and that is whether this being private
bill day that bill is in order?
The SPEAKER. It was admitted yester-
day by unanimous consent as a private bill,
the gentleman from Ohio himself consenting,
and having been so admitted it holds its place
until it is disposed of.
The Clerk read the seventh section of the
bill, as follows:
Sec. 7. That the pensions of widows shall be in-
creased from and after the 26th day of July, 1868, at
the rate of two dollars per month for each child
under the ago of sixteen years, of the husband on
account of whose death the claim has been, or shall
be, granted. And in every case in which the deceased
husband has left, or shall leave.no widow, "r where
his widow has died or married again, or where she
has been deprived of her pension under tho provis-
ions of the pension law, the pension granted to such
children shall be increased to the same amount per
month that would be allowed under the foregoing
provisions to the widow, if living and entitled to a.
pension: Provided, That tho additional pension
Herein granted to the widow on account of the child
or children of the husband by a former wite shall
bo paid to her only for such period of her widow-
hood as she has been, or she shall be, charged with
the maintenance of such child or children; tor any
period during which she has not been, or she shall
not be, so charged, it shall be granted and paid to
the guardian of such child or children! Provided
further. That a widow or guardian to whom increase
of pension has been, or shall hereafter be, granted
on account of minor children, shall not be> deprived
thereof by reason of their being maintained in whole
or in part at the expense of a State or the public.
Mr. MOORE. The Committee on Invalid
Pensions recommend two amendments to that
section.
The Clerk read as follows:
In line ten, after the word "
the word "children, " insert the words child or so
it will read: " the pension granted to ™ch ehild or
children " &e.; and at the end of sootaon insert
these words: "in any eduoational institution, or in
