1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
647
to appeal to the passions and prejudices of the
masses rather than to their reason and their
judgment. It is easy to inflame a multitude
by depicting in vivid colors their supposed
wrongs, and an artful assailant way excite
unfounded prejudices which the wisdom of
statesmen cannot allay.
Pennsylvania and her industrious citizens
need no defense at my hands. Her record is
before the world. Her energetic capitalists,
by their enterprise and industry, have fur-
nished the nation great staples of wealth in
coal and iron, and have rendered her people
prosperous, contented, and happy. Her
mechanics and artisans have steady work at
good wages. Her farmers have a remunera-
tive market within a reasonable distance of
their homes, and the manufacturer and the
farmer being placed side by side, each has a
fair reward for the labor of his hands.
Such a scene of prosperity is nowhere to
be witnessed except in those countries whose
Governments have taken care to protect the
industries of their own people, preferring their
labor to that of foreigners, while in countries
like Ireland and Turkey, where practical free
trade prevails, poverty of the masses is the rule
and prosperity the exception.
It comes with an ill grace from gentlemen
of free-trade sentiments, who represent the
great commercial cities, to complain of mo-
nopolists and monopolies. They enjoy a
monopoly of the coasting trade and other
matters.
By the act of 1817 "no goods, wares, or
merchandise shall be imported, under penally
of forfeiture thereof, from one port of the
United States to another port of the United
States in a vessel belonging wholly or in part
to a subject of any foreign Power."
No foreigner can sell to us, however cheap
or own any part of a vessel engaged in that
trade.
So, too, the master of any vessel engaged
in the coasting trade must be a citizen of the
United States.
By these laws all foreign competition is
prohibited, and the whole Atlantic coasting
trade is in the hands of a few individuals,
the greater part of whom are citizens of
New York.
If foreign competition in building vessels
for that trade or in manning and navigating
them should be allowed, I have no doubt
foreigners would, for a time at least, carry the
trade from one part of our country to another
at less rates than it is carried now, but by the
navigation laws the privileges of the coasting
trade are vested in a few hands, and there is
nothing to keep down the cost of freight except
domestic competition. Where that competi-
tion is restricted, it is easy to make combina-
tions to keep up prices, and the sea-going carry-
ing trade being cheaper than railroad transport-
ation, it feels little apprehension of successful
rivalry. In addition to these privileges the
Government expends from fifteen to twenty
million dollars annually for the support of the
Navy, whose principal object is the protection
of commerce, and consequently for the benefit
immediately of the few who are engaged
therein.
Here, then, are instances of a direct inter-
ference by the national Government in com-
mercial matters for the benefit of small classes
of individuals, giving them direct protection ;
yet I have never heard uttered a word of oppo-
sition by gentlemen from the commercial cities
against these exclusive privileges. Now, I do
not object to this. On the contrary, I rejoice
that our laws are such as to give the home trade
to our own people. It is to this principle that
Great Britain and Prance owe much of their
commercial greatness. I merely mention it to
show that while the gentlemen from the_ great
commercial emporium denounce Pennsylvania
for her "monopoly," as they are pleased to
term it, of coal and iron, they should at the same
time denounoe the ship-owners of New York
and other commercial cities who enjoy the
coasting-trade monopoly.
In addition to these privileges the free-trade
city of New York lias managed to secure an
undue proportion of the benefits granted by
the national banking laws. By the act of 1863
one half of the currency created by those laws
was to be divided among the States according
to population, and the other half according to
their banking capital, resources, and business.
After this apportionment was made, the law
of 186C allowed all the State banks to become
national banks. This made distribution of
currency disproportionate, and New York city
obtained more than her share of the national
bank currency. (See report of Comptroller of
the Currency forlSGG.)
Before the national bank act was passed New
York city never could sustain more than
$10,000,000 of currency, as the reports on the
finances show. By the Comptroller's report
for 1870, she had $33,000,000 of circulation,
being a direct gain of $23,000,000 of working
capital through the intervention of those acts
alone.
The proportion of national circulation to the
whole population of the nation was, by that
report, $7 02 per head. Of thiit circulation
Philadelphia had $10 42 per head, while New
York city had ijj>35 21 per head, llie surplus
fund and profits of all the banks averaged only
$3 44 per head ; those of Philadelphia were
$12 per head, while those of New York city
were $30 G4 per head. It may be said, how-
ever, that New York, being so densely popu-
lated, was entitled to a large amount of circu-
lation, but it should be remembered that in
great cities there is much less need, propor-
tionately, for currency than in sparsely popu-
lated districts; for in cities the greater part,
of the business is done by bank checks; and
as her population is but about one fortieth of
the population of the Union, and she has one
ninth of the whole bank circulation, she has
monopolized even more than the lion's share.
This is far beyond what she is justly entitled
to under the law, and she enjoys it at the
expense of other and less favored poitions of
the nation. It is more of a monopoly than
any duties on imports afford to any State,
because it is a monopoly of the life-blood of
internal commerce ; and more than that, as
managed, it exercises the worst possible influ-
ence oil all the industry of the country.
As I said awhile ago, before the national
currency act was passed New York city could
not steadily employ $10,000,000 of circula-
tion, because her notes were soon brought
back for redemption if there were any issues
for speculative purposes, but under the new
system her circulation, not coming back on
her for redemption, enables her to loan at
least $20,000,000 to speculators and stock
gamblers, whose efforts to make "corners" or
to "bull" or "bear" the leading stocks of
the country and gold have been the occasions
of such unfortunate fluctuations in prices as to
beggar thousands who were drawn into the
whirlpool, and to unsettle and distress all the
legitimate branches of industry. If the addi-
tion to her banking circulation were wisely
used for legitimate business* purposes there
would be less cause of complaint, but when
we see daily in the newspapers that ^call
loans" to speculators are placed at, six per
cent, and prime business paper with double
names has to pay ten to twelve per cent., it is
evident that a large portion ot this accession
of circulation is used for the benefit of spec-
ulators and stock gamblers, aud not for the
business interests of the community. _
But these are not the only monopolies which
they overlook in their wholesale denunciation
of Pennsylvania. New York not only enjoys
the benefit of monopolizing the good things,
the trade and commerce and an undue share
of the currency of the country, but she enjoys
the bad eminence of a monopoly of great
financial crime. Of this monopoly, however,
no one envies her. Her Tammany Society,
her great leading political organization, has
been discovered by an indignant people to be
used in the interest of a den of thieves. Mil-
lions of the people's money have been stolen
bodily from the coffers of the city and county.
In two. and a half years the debt has been
increased $71,000,000. a large portion of
which was unqualifiedly stolen, in addition to
$50,000,000 of taxes squandered withaut an
adequate return, and the chief sachem of the
society, the chief robber of her treasury, has
been elected State senator by an admiring con-
stituency, by twelve thousand majority, over an
honest man.
All this money thus faithlessly used or felo-
niously appropriated has been applied by a few
leaders ot Tammany to their own benefit aud
and that of the society. It has been used in
the purchase of weak-kneed legislators and
corrupt legislation; in building and furnish-
ing palatial mansions; in erecting magnificent
stables; in keeping fine studs of horses ; in
the purchase of regal equipages, diamonds,
and jewelry; in investments in United States
securities, aud in all sorts of riotous living,
to the debauching of their own morals and an
evil example to the masses.
But this is not all. Not content with these
unparalleled larcenies of the people's moneyed
treasures, the great monopolizer, Tammany,
has endeavored to steal the liberties of the
people. That society has done more to rob
the people of their political rights, and monop-
olize their political power, than all the ballot-
box staffers in the land besides. By fraud and
corruption its leaders have ruled the great
State of New York, and through New York
they aspired to rule the nation. How lam-
many did it is now well known to the world at
large, and has gone down into history, in the
words of. a distinguished member from New
York, [Mr. Roosevelt,] who assumes to know
of what he speaks, and who manfully labored
to produce its fall.
The gentlemen from Now York, by their
outcries against Pennsylvania, have induced
some members from the West to believe in the
idea that, Pennsylvania manufacturers are mo-
nopolists, especially in the article of iron, and
have led them to join in the unjust denuncia-
tion. The duty on iron, or any other com-
modity , whether such dutiable article be similar
to our products or manufactures or not, does
not necessarily add to the cost to the consumer
thereof. Generally it cheapens it, as it has
done in the case of Bessemer steel rails, cotton
cloths, woolens, and many other productions.
Those who use such rails, cottons, or woolens,
and have to pay for them, know best the effect
of the tariff upon them.
It is still in the recollection of those who
sat in the last Congress that ninety-five gentle-
men, representing some seventy different rail-
road companies controlling a eapiial of several
hundred million dollars, presented (heir peti-
tion to Congress asking a duty of $44 80 per
ton oil steel rails. For such a request they
gave the reason that—-
"Immediately before the construction of the first
steel rail in an a factory in this country, (.erected un-
der a protective tariff] " foreign. makers charged
$150 per ton, (caual then to $2^> c rronoy,) for st1
railn. As American works were built, loreign skillc i
labor introduced, homelabor instructed, and domes-
tie irons, clays, ganister, and spiegei, (alter nia-ny
aud expensive trials,) found to produce excellent,
rails the price of the foreign article w:i - gradually
lowered until it now stands at. less than seventy-mno
dollars per ton in gold, or & in currency. Now
that several million dollars have been expended m
machinery, furnaces, and experiments m perfecting
the process ot manufacture in tin., countrj, ana
numbers of our own citizens are dependent upon ;t
for support, the business is threatened with anni-
hilation by the pressure of .English and 1 russian
makers."
It was for such reasons that, those gentlemen
asked for an increased duty on such rails,
being well assured that it would lower the cost
to them instead of raiding it. Congress com-
plied with their request so far as to impose on
such rails a duty of twenty-eight dollars per
