1872.
THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4231
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is oti the amendment moved by the Sena-
tor from California
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have it
read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to offer as
a substitute for that section, if it is in order,
the following:
This act shall take effect on the 1st day of Novem-
ber next.
I have no trouble about the constitutional
power of Congress to pass this bill, but I can
see that it will be unjust to the railroad com-
panies and unjnst to those who are engaged in
this transportation to have it take effect imme-
diately, because these great, railroad corpora-
tions could not at once adapt themselves to
the new cars that are proposed by the provis-
ions of the bill.
I think, therefore, the Senate ought to post-
pone its going into operation until some future
day. If it were to take effect immediately it
would operate harshly. I know it provides
that if the railroad companies have supplied
themselves with cars of a certain pattern,
which removes a good many of the objections
to the transportation of cattle in cars, they will
not be embraced in the bill; but in many cases
it will be impossible for the railroad compa-
nies to furnish themselves with those cars.
Nearly all the cattle going from the West to
the Eastpass through theState of Ohio on one
of four different great lines of railway. I am
familiar with those lines, and I for one am will-
ing to compel them to carry these cattle either
in new cars or to take the cattle off the cars
for food and rest; but I think some reason-
able date ought to be fixed when the act shall
take effect. Otherwise we shall certainly sub-
ject the transportation of cattle to very great
inconvenience. I am not particular about the
time ; but if the Senator from New Jersey will
say the 1st of November I will support his bill
with great pleasure. I think some reasonable
time ought to be fixed for it to take effect.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I really do not
see any necessity at all for the amendment
that is suggested by the Senator from Ohio.
One objection is that it would render it neces-
sary that the bill should go back to the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. They would at once
agree to it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. But the great and
serious objection is that it subjects the com-
munity to all the evils from the present trans-
portation of cattle through the whole warm
season which we are now coming to, and
there is no kind of necessity for that. Nei-
ther will the railroad companies change their
cars. This bill provides that they shall give
the cattle food and rest once in twenty-eight
hours. It does not require any change of cars
to do that, and that they ought to do; and it
does not require them to do it as often as that
if they will put fewer cattle in liie cars which
they now have. This bill only reaches cases
of cruelty. If the cattle are sufficiently fed
and have sufficient rest they need not take
them out of the cars once in a week ; and we
ought not to suspend, in my opinion, until
October or November the enactment of a law
that this cruelty shall not continue.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me give the Senator
from New Jersey a case that actually occurred.
The great line of transportation for cattle is
from Chicago to Pittsburg, a distance of four
hundred and eighty miles. If tliej are required
to take the cattle off the cars midway, it will
be about Crestline; and you must give these
railroad companies an opportunity to provide
cattle-pens and all the necessary arrangements
to take off the cattle, rest them, feed them, and
then put them on the cars again.
Mr. CONKLING. Bat it does not require
them to take them off.
Mr. SHERMAN. It does every twenty-
eight hours.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, no, not at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. If you do not take them
off the cars, if you stop them iu transit ou the
way, they tend to block up the Hues of rail-
road ; and not only that, you must take them
off the cars, because it is no rest to the cattle
to leave them on cars, sixteen in a car. You
must therefore give a reasonable opportunity
to these railroad companies to make the
necessary cattle-guards and cattle-pens. I am
perhaps as familiar with this transportation as
the Senator from New Jersey. I know the
long distances they have to travel. Take the
road between Chicago and Pittsburg. The
cattle travel there now, I understand, without
rest. That is cruelty and wrong. They are
required to travel four hundred and eighty
miles, at an average running rate of about ten
miles an hour, for say forty-eight hours, and
the cattle are in a condition of almost ex-
haustion.
But before you make any sudden arrange-
ment in regard to the transportation of these
cattle you ought to give reasonable facilities to
comply with your law. It seems to me it is
not anything very severe, either to the people
at large or to any one, to give to the compa-
nies an opportunity to adapt themselves to the
requirements of your law. To make the law
take effect suddenly, right in the midst of the
season when these cattleare being transported,
when there are no facilities for resting them,
would be doing the injustice by legislation
that they do now by the cattle by carrying
them too great a distance without, rest or food.
Such a provision as I suggest would at once
be agreed to by the House of Representatives.
If you allow them three months, say to the 1st
of October, that would be a reasonable pro-
vision, and all the good results of this law
would be attained without doing unnecessary
injury to a great commerce. I therefore move,
if it is in order, to strike out all of the amend-
ment offered by the Senator fiom California,
and insert simply this provision : that this act
shall take effect on and after the 1st day of
October next.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio moves an amendment to the
amendment in the form of a substitute.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, an act of
cruelty to animals is certainly a crime: one
against which every person with any claim to
respectability or decency must feel great repug-
nance. The question is, against whom is the
crime committed when an act of cruelty is
perpetrated ? Is it not against the community
in which the act happens? If that be so,
under our form of government, the act must
be committed against the interest, the welfare,
and the laws of some State.
I should be heartily glad to contribute in any
way to the amelioration of the condition of
dumb animals in their transit through this
country. I should be heartily glad to con-
tribute in any way to the proper punishment
of those who inflict cruelty upon them or add
to their sufferings in any way. But in legisla-
tion under a limited form of government the
first question for any man whose vote is asked
in regard to a measure is whether or not the
power has been confided to him to pass such
a law. I wish to state my difficulties on this
subject, because they are such as to prevent
my assent to this measure as it is now pre-
sented.
I have heard this bill discussed, and I have
read its provisions, and I am quite satisfied
that under the pretext of regulating commerce
among the several States Congress is assuming
the exercise of a police power within the sev-
eral States. The police power, which is so
essential to the very existence of the State, is
one that I never will willingly see infringed.
An act of cruelty is an immoral act per se,
and can be made illegal by statute. Many
of the States have provided punishment for
offenses of this kind. I wish all of them did
so. But I cannot admit that the Federal Gov-
ernment has any power touching the conduct
of individuals within a State in reference to
each other or the moral well-being of that
community. They are entirely for municipal
regulation ; and il the invasion by the Federal
Government of that sphere of State power and
duty shall once be admitted, I can see no limit
to it, and I can see no protection to the power
of the State to controller own internal affairs.
I do not propose to enter now into a length-
ened argument on the subject of State rights.
My experience in this Chamber has shown me
the uselessness of attempting to set up doc-
trines of that nature while the Chamber is
composed as it now is. But I am very clear
that this is an assumption of authority which
belongs solely to the State, and which Con-
gress has no right under any pretext to inter-
fere with. There are many things very desir-
able that we all wish to see carried into effect;
the question is not whether they are right, but
whether we have the power to perform them.
Look at this bill which provides for the con-
trol of any railroad company within the United
States " whose road forms any part of a line of
road over which cattle, sheep, swine, or other
animals shall be conveyed from one State to
another." Does not that description upon
its face include almost every railway, short or
long, interstate or ^confined within any State
in the United States? No intelligent man
would invest his capital in a railway that had
not connection with some other line of rail-
way, directly or indirectly, and therefore this
provision would give the United States Gov-
ernment supervision of every portion of every
railway almost within the United States. And.
what is the purpose of the supervision ? Look
at the whole act. It is for police purposes. It
is to regulate the moral conduct of individuals
within the States, which have ample power to
punish any immoral transgressions.
To whom is the execution of the law con-
fided? It is made the duty of "all United
States marshals, their deputies," and to use a
word not often found in our statutes, and no-
where else but in the present law, that I know
of, " their subordinates," to prosecute all vio-
lations of this act. Then, what have you done
in effect? You have turned " United States
marshals, their deputies, aud suboidinates,"
whatever that may mean, into police officers,
into a State constabulary ; and, as my friend
on my left [Mr. Casseblt] says, public pros-
ecutors as well.
If you can do this for the sake of punishing
a detestable offense like cruelty to dumb ani-
mals, surely you have as high or a higher call
upon yau to make it their duty to punish
offenses against your fellow-creatures. Under
the same theory of moral necessity, persons
employed upon these railroads, brakesmen,
conductors, cattle agents, and the numerous
class of employes who haug around the depots
of a long line of transportation, can all be
brought within the police regulation of the
United States, and then we shall have assaults
and batteries, offenses touching the rights of
person or property of those who may be em-
ployed in interstate commerce, brought within
the jurisdiction of the Federal courts.
As I said before, I do not propose—it would
be useless at this time of the session for me to
do so, perhaps useless at any time—to discuss
the line between Federal and State jurisdic-
tion. Anxious as I atn to see men punished
who shall be guilty of the detestable crime of
cruelty to dumb animals, anxious as I am for
every reasou for the morality of any commun-
ity in this country, that they should prevent
cruelty which so reacts upon the moral nature
of the community, stains and degrades it, yet
at the same time I cannot conceive that such
a power was ever delegated or intended to be
vested in the Congress of the United States
under the Federal Constitution.
The power to regulate commerce between
the States is distinct. It has its meaning; it
has been defined. When yon come to apply
that power the question is, is it an instance
