1872.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr, STEVENSON. I did not expect this
question to arise now. I do not ask for a
vote on the amendment. I only ask that
both amendments be printed. One has been
ordered to be printed, and I ask that the
last amendment offered by me be printed,
so that in a full Senate we can see whether,
in our philology, the Senator from Vermont
is right, or I am right. I know he thinks he
is right, and I think I am. Perhaps he is
right ; but I do not think so; and X regard
it so simple a question with this act before
us that my amendment is really necessary
to carry out the purpose of the law of 1861
which it in the object of this clause to continue.
I therefore move that the Senate adjourn.
Ihe PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator ask to have his amendment printed?
Mr. STEVENSON. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That order
will be made if there be no objection. The
Senator from Kentucky moves that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; aud (at five
o'clock and fifty-four minutes p. m.) the Sen-
ate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, April 15, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order during the morning hour
is the calling of the States and Territories for
the introduction of bills and joint resolutions
for reference to their appropriate committees,
not to be brought back into the House by
motions to reconsider. Under this call memo-
rials and resolutions of State and territorial
Legislatures may be presented for printing aud
reference. The morning hour now begins, at
four minutes after twelve o'clock.
william e. caswell.
Mr. HALE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2258) for the relief of William B. Caswell:
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
james m. hagar.
Mr. FRYE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2259) for the re'ief of James M. Hagar; which
was read a first and second time, with the
accompanying papers referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
CLAIMS OF NEW HAMPSHIRE.
Mr. BELL introduced a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 133) for adjusting the claims of the
State .if New Hampshire; which was read a
first aid second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printej.
presidential electors, etc.
Mr. VILLARD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 226t) to regulate the manner of counting
the votes of electors for President and Vice
President of the United States; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
morninc light and louisiana belle.
Mr. BANKS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2261) to antiorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to make compensation to the captors of
the steamers Morning Light and Louisiana
Belle during the late war; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
A)1ERICAJ|,SEAMEN.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, presented
resolutions of the Legislature of the State of
Massachusetts; relating to American seamen ;
which were referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
NEW LAND DISTRICTS.
Mr. KETCHAM introduced a bill "(H. R.
No. 2262) relating to the creation of new land
districts; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
DEPOT, ETC , PLATTSBURG, NEW YORK.
Mr. ROGERS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2263) authorizing the Secretary of War to sell
certain land at Plattsburg, New York, for depot
and right of way; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
CATTARAUGUS AND ALLEGHANY INDIANS.
Mr. SESSIONS introduced abill (H. R. No.
2264) to authorize the Cattaraugus and Alle-
ghany Indians, in New York, to lease lands
and confirm leases; which was read a first aud
second time, referred, with accompanying
papers to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
STATEN ISLAND'CHANNEL.
Mr. BIRD presented a joint resolution of
the Legislature of the State of New Jersey,
respecting the improvement of the channel
between Staten Island aud New Jersey; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
CHILDREN OF DAVID A. AliENS.
Mr. STORM introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2265) granting a pension to the minor chil-
dren of David A. Arens, deceased, late a pri-
vate in company E, eighty-first regiment Penn-
sylvania volunteers ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, and ordeied to beprinted.
STAFF OFFICERS IN THE NAVY.
Mr. RANDALL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2266) to construe certain acts relating to
the relative rank of staff officers in the Navy;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee oti Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
donation of condemned cannon.
Mr. RANDALL also introduced abill (EL
R. No. 2267) donatingcondemned cannon to the
second regiment (infantry) National Guards
of Philadelphia ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
FUNDS DUE BY WISCONSIN.
Mr. RANDALL also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2268) to direct the Attorney General
of the United States to collect certain funds
in custody of the authorities of the State of
Wisconsin belonging to the Government of
the United States ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to beprinted.
CATHARINE SPANGY.
Mr. B. F. MEYERS introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2269) to grant a pension to Catharine
Spangy, widow of Adam Spangy, late a private
in company B, sixty-first regiment Pennsylva-
nia volunteers; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
EN'OCII JOHN.
Mr. B. F. MEYERS also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 2270)i granting a pension to Enoch
John, son and heir of William John, a soldier
of the war of the Revolution; which was read
a first and second time, referred with accom-
panying papers to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions and War of 1812, and
ordered to be printed.
LIGHT BATTERY MISSISSIPPI MARINE BRIGADE.
Mr. McJUNKIN introduced a bill (PI. R.
Iso. 2271) to enable the light battery Missis-
sippi marine brigade to collect the balance of
$300 Government bounty ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
burke and kunkel.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 2272) for the relief of Burke
& Kunkel, for pig iron taken by agent of the
Treasury of the United States; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
b. d. brantley, of georgia.
Mr. McINTYRE introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2278) to remove the political disabilities
of B. D. Bryitley, of Pierce county, Georgia;
which was read a first and senoud time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. WHITELEY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2274) to relieve certain citizens of Geor-
gia from political disabilities ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
joseph d. m'chjskey.
Mr. SLOSS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2275) for the relief of Joseph D. McCluskey;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
andrew w. johnson,
Mr. HAYS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2276) for the relief of Andrew W. Johnson;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
private land sales.
Mr. TURNER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2277) to authorize the United States Land Com-
missioner to bid for and to purchase private
land sold at public auction, and to subdivide
the same and seil to the landed citizens of the
United States in the immediate vicinity of such
lands ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
aud ordered to be printed.
public building at selma, alabama.
Mr. TURNER also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2278) for the construction of a public
building in the city of Selma, Alabama, to be
used for custom-house, post office, revenue
office, and other purposes of the United States ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Comma tee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, and oidered to be printed.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. TURNER also introduced a bill _(H.
R. No. 2279) for the removal of the political
disabilities of James D. Craig, A. D. Braziel,
G. W. Gogle, and J. P. Jones, citizens of
Alabama; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
actions in court of claims.
Mr. BARRY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2281) relating to certain actions in the Court
of Claims ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Revision
of the Laws of the United States, and ordered
to be printed.
j. c. davis, mississippi.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, introduced a
a bill (H. R. No. 2280) to remove the political
disabilities of J. C. Davis, of Marshall county,
Mississippi; which wa3 road a first and second
time, referred to the Committee oil the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
james m'quaid.
Mr. SHELDON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2282) for the relief of James McQuaid;
