3336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May-11,
any institution organized for tho care of soldiers
©rphans."
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. Mr. Speaker, I rise to
a parliamentary inquiry. Is this amendment,
now open for general amendment?
The SPEAKER. The bill is now being
considered by sections, and as each section is
read it is open for amendment.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. Then I offer the fol-
lowing amendment to the peuding section.
The Clerk read as follows:
That the widow shall not forfeit her pension by
marrying again.
The SPEAKER. Where does the gentle-
man propose to have his amendment come in ?
Mr. ROOSEVELT. At tha conclusion of
the paragraph. .
The SPEAKER. In the shape of a proviso !
Mr. ROOSEVELT. Yes, sir; so it will
read:
And provided further. That tho widow shall not
. forfeit her pension by marrying.
Mr. BIRD. I trust the House will not
adopt that amendment, as it is in entire oppo-
sition to the present invalid pension laws.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. Mi\ Speaker, I should
like to say a few words in favor of the amend-
ment I offer; and only a lew words, it seems
to inc, are necessary to satisfy tho House ol
its perfect justice. If tho widow of a soldier
who has died of disease or wounds in the ser-
vice is entitled to a pension, as all are by the
universal practice, not only of this, but ot all
other countries, why should she be depiived
of it by marrying again? Tho wisdom of such
a law I cannot understand. The policy of
this and of all other nations has been in favor
of marriage. Culibaey has been discouraged,
and tho bearing of children approved.
The Sl'liAKEll. There is so much con-
fusion in the House that it is utterly impossi-
ble lo ht'Jir what, the gentleman is saying.
Mr. UOOSICVKLT. To be sure, on the re-
marriage of the widow there is a possibility of
her being supported by her second husband.
That is true, but it does not all'ecl the question
any mine limn in eases where there is a possi-
bility of the widow being supported by outside
resouices or bv change of circumstances. A
widow is pecubaily under the protection ol
tin* country in whose service hei' husband sac-
rificed his hie, and to deprive her of (lie, pen-
sion which she enjoys under the law because
she marries again, and lo transfer its benefits
to her children, as this bill would do, is to
reverse the policy of the law and the dictates
of jtisiice.
Mr. MORGAN. Docs the age of the widow
make anv difference?
Mr. UOOSKV ELT. My friend from Ohio
asks me if tlie action of the widow makes any
difference.
Mr. .MORGAN. I asked if the age of tho
widow made any di flrrenee.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. 1 lliought the question
was whether the action of the widow made any
odds. It certainly would not seem to me that
the action of a widow or any other woman, ill
accepting a man as her companion for life,
should malic any difference against her in that
particular under discussion. My wonder is,
when 1 look around this House and see as-
sembled hero the representative men of all
parts of tlte country, the beauty, the wisdom,
the strength, the manliness, the talent of the
ruling sex, and observe how unattractive man
is at the best, even when specially selected
from the highest type in the land—my only
wonder is that a woman, married or single, old
or young, handsome or ugly, marries under
at:.y circumstances. [Laughter.] Certainly
we should not deprive ihe sex of any induce-
ment to tali e tha I step, for it will be a bad dav lor
us when ihey detminine to have nothing more
to do with us, and the country will sutler as
badly as ourselves.
There is no provision of law forbidding an
invalided and pensioned soldier from getting
married; the man drawing an income from
the bounty of the Government can divide it
with a woman. He may have as many wives
as he pleases. Of course I do not mean all at
once, for even in Utah that is becoming difficult
and troublesome now, but one after another,
though, like Blue Beard, he take them " on a
regular railroad of matrimonial velocity," and
yet this fortunate pensioner does not forfeit
his pension. Why should not a widow be
equally favored ? Is she not as lonely ? Does
she not need company and support as much
or more? Is theie any public interest which
would be endangered by allowing her to reas-
suine the honored state from which tho bullet
of the enemy had reduced her ?
Instead of that, what is the effect of the
present restriction? All widows are not old
or ugly. It is woman's nature to love ; she
will seek consolation for the past in a happier
future, legitimately and honorably, if she can,
for that is her instinct, but, unfortunately some-
times, otherwise if she must. The action of
the Government should encourage the former
relation, and repress the latter. But this law
as it stands puts a premium on crime and a
penalty on honor. Many cases exist where
improper relations have arisen from the ne-
cessity of sacrificing all means of support if
the pensioned widow remarried. And to pre-
vent these 1 offer my amendment.
Mr. MOO LUC. 1 have been a little sur-
prised t.0 hear the remarks of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Roosevelt.] A few
days ago, in a speech he addressed to the
House, he gave gentlemen the advice to "be-
ware of tho widows." And now he places
himself in the front rank in taking care of
tliem. What influence they may have exer-
cised over him since he made that speech in
the House 1 am not prepared to say. [Laugh-
ter.] I think, however, the House is ready
to vote down the amendment.
The question being put on Mr. Roosevelt's
amendment, there were—ayes 32, noes 00;
no quorum voting.
Tho SPEAKlill, under the rule, ordered
tollers ; and appointed Mr. MooKE and Mr.
liOOSKVBI.T.
Tho House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 55, noes 71.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I demand the yeas
and nays.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Would it
be 111 order for me to say a word?
The SPKAKliil. It would not, when the
House is dividing on the question of ordering
the yeas and nays.
On the question of ordering the yeas and
nays there were—ayes seventeen ; not a suffi-
cient number.
Mr. ROOSEVELT called for tellers on
ordering the yeas and nays.
On the question of oidering tellers there
were—.ayes twenty-live. So (more than one
filth of a quorum having voted in the affirm
alive) tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Moore
and Mr. Roosuvm.t were appointed.
The House again divided on the question
of ordering the yeas and nays; and the tellers
reported—ayes thirty two, noes not counted.
So (the affirmative being more than one
fifth of the last vote) the yeas and nays were
ordered.
The question was on agreeing to Mr. Roose-
vfi.t's amendment.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I wish to
say that under the law as it now stands, when
a widow remarries, the pension goes to the
children. It is not forfeited.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. 1 object to debate.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 07, nays *J2, not voting
81; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Banks. Beatty, Beveridge,
James G. Blair, Buffinlon. Caldwell, Congei, Ciebs,
Darrnll, Dox. Fames, Eldrod^e, Farwell, Frye, Getz,
Golladay, Griffith, Hancock, Havens, John W. Hazel-
ton, Hereford, Herndon, Kelley, Kendall, Ifetcham,
King, Lamison, Lansing, Lynch, Marshall, McClel-
land.McKinney, MoNeely, Monroe, Leonard Myers,
Pendleton, Aaron F. Perrv. El i Perry. Read. Edward
T. Bice, John M. Bice, William It. Roberts, Rogers,
Roosevelt. Scofield, Seeley, Sessions, Sheldon, Sluss,
John A. Smith, Snapp, Thomas J. Speer, Stark-
weather, Stevenson, Storm. St. Jolin, Sutherland,
Sypher, Turner, 'l'yner, Vaujhan, Vnorhees, Walls,
Williams of New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and
Winchester—67. , , . , ,
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Arthur, Avenll,
Barber, Barry, Beck, Bell, Bigby, Bingham, Bird,
Boles, Braxton, Conner, Cox, Oritcher, Crocker,
Grassland, Dawes. JDonnan, DuBose, Duke, Bunnell,
Elliott, Farnsworth, Finkelnbartc, Charles Foster,
Wilder D. Foster. Garfield, Handles', Burner,
George. E. Harris, Hawley, Gerry V/. H.izeltoa, Hib-
bard, Iloar, Houghton, Kellogg, Kerr. Lamport,
Lewis, Lowe, AleCormick, MeCrary. McGrew, Mc-
Intyro, McJunkin, Benjamin F. Meyers, Moore,
Morey, Niblack, Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer,
I'losea W. Parker, Peck, Peters, Poland, Price,
Rainey, Randall, Ellis 11. Roberts, Ru?k Sargent,
Sawyer, Sherwood, Shoemaker, Slater, II. Board-
man Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Snvder, R. Mil-
ton Speer, Stoughton, Strong, Swann, Taffo. Twieh-
ell Upson. Waddell, Wakeman, Walden, Wafdron,
Wallace, Warren, Wells, Wheeler, Whiteley, Wil-
lard, Williams of Indiana, John T. Wilson, and
Y ounec—
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Barnum,
Biggs, Austin Blair, Bright, George M. Brook*,
James Brooks, Buckley, Burehard, liurdet.t, Bonju-
min F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Campbell, Car-
roll, William T. Clark, Freeman Clarke, Cobb,
Coburn, Coghlan. Comingo, Cotton, Oreely, Davis,
Do Large, Dickey, Duell, Ely, Forker, Henry D.
Foster, Garrott, Goodrich, Haldeman. llnle, llalsey,
Hambleton, llanks, Harmer, John T. Harris, Hay,
llays, 11)11, llolman. Hooper. Killiuger. Kinsella,
Leaeh, Manson. Mnynard, Mcllenry, McKee. Mcr-
cur, Merriain, Meirick, Mitchell, Morgan, Morphis,
Negley, Isaac C. Parker, Percc, Piatt, Porter, Pot-
ter, Prmdle, Ritchie, Robinson, Shanks, Shefln-
barger, Shober. Slocuin, Sprague, Stevens Stowcll,
Terry, Thomas, Dwight Townseml, Washington
Townscnd, Tuthill, Van Trump, Whitthoine, and
W ood—81.
Mr. WHEELER. "Will the gentleman from
"Illinois [Mr. Moore] permit me to offer the
following amendment:
And provided further. That whenever a widow
shall forfeit her pension by reason of mnrriagc, her
pension shall revive upon the death of her second
husband, whenever it shall appear to the satisfac-
tion of tho Pension Bureau that she is in indigent
circumstances ?
Mr. MOORE. I do not know that I have
any objection to that amendment.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. Will the gentleman
modify his amendment by putting in the wuids
•' or any subsequent husband V
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I move to
amend the amendment by insetting after tho
words ''upon the death of" the words "or
divoiced from."
Mr. MOORE. My conviction is that the
more we undertake to tinker with these pen-
sion laws the more likely they will be misun-
derstood. I hope no amendments ot the kind
will be adopted.
Mr. MOliEY. I rise to a point, of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point, of order.
Mr. MOREY. It is rather a parliamentary
inquiry. 1 would like to inquire if it would
be in order at this lime to amend the title of
the bill by adding " or to dispose of worthless
or supernumerary husbands V" [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. That would be m older
after the bill is completed.
Mr. WHEELER. I think if this House will
give a few moments reflection to the subject
they will adopt this amendment,. It is cer-
tainly for the pecuniary interest of the Gov-
ernment to permit widows of soldieis to re-
marry, for while they are married the pensions
are saved to the Government. This amend-
ment simply provides that where a widow re-
marries and thereby forfeits her pension, and
her second husband shall die and she can
show that she is in indigent circumstances,
the pension shall revive. As gentlemen arft
well aware, we are all the time passing special
laws reviving pensions for those who have
remarried and again become widows. My
proposition is simply to put in the general law
a provision to the same effect.
Mr. MOORE. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman a different wording for his amendment.
Mr, WHEELER. I do not care anything
