THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
of the regulation of commerce or is it an in-
stance of the control of the police powers of
the States? In this ease it is plain that by
this so-called regulation of commerce you do
assume, yon do usurp the police powers, the
punishment of individual offenses against laws
or morals, which should be left to the States
themselves alone. For that reason, and dif-
fering from my friend from New Jersey, [Mr.
Stockton,] that a bill can be framed commit-
ting these powers to the Federal Government,
I shall vote against this bill. 1 do not see
how a bill Could be framed to give these pow-
ers to the Federal Government without in-
vading the necessary a (l essential powerB
which must be retained in the States.
There are impracticable features in this bill,
one of which I suggest to the Senate is this:
you provide that there shall not be a confine-
ment of these cattle in cars, boats, or any other
modes of transportation lor a longer period
than twenty eight consecutive hours, but at the
end of everv twenty-eight hours they shall be
released from their confinement, and led, and
watered, and rested for at least live consecu-
tive hours. Now, let me ask, what provision
does the bill make to know whether that term of
twenty-eight hours between the times allotted
for feeding and watering has passed? Let us
take an illustration, of cattle arriving on the
borders of the State of Maryland from tho State
of Virginia. What record is there that within
twenty-eight hours those cattle have been un-
loaded from the cars and have been fed and
watered ? Who is to he punished for the over-
sight ? What record is there to be kept ? The
bill provides no machinery tor that, flow
can the station-muster, the railroad agent of
the Maryland railroad, know that the man in
Virginia has failed to do his duty, or has done
his duty by unloading these cattle and giving
them the requisite I'ood and water within
twenty-eight hours? The bill is impracticable.
It. has been suggested by tile honorable Sen-
ator from Maine, [Mr. Moitiui.i,,] that it would
act as an information to railroad companies
that they were liable to prosecution for a non-
performance of the provisions of this act, and
if they knew Congress had simply assumed
this power and intended to cany it out, the
threat would be sullieient to prevent, the acts
complained of. I cannot, imagine that (Jon-
gross has a right to embark upon such specu-
lative legislation. If we have the power, it
should be exercised, not. in a llireiit.ening man-
ner, but disiinotly, formally, clearly, and prac-
tically; so that when tho oll'enso was com-
mitted, the punishment might, reasonably bo
expected to follow. 1 do riot believe in threat-
ening legislation, and much less when that
legislation involves of itself a grave doubt as
to its conslitutional validity.
It has boon suggested, also, that the bill is
Crude and imperfect in this respect, that what
would be cruelty to cattle in one latitude, or
in one season of the year, or ill one condition
of the weather, would be very far from being
cruelty at another. We all know that in sum-
mer time cattle would suffer from'a confine-
ment of ten hours; in winter double the
period might pass without any inconvenience
to them. The amount of water required in
the State of Maine is not one half of ihat re-
quired in Louisiana ; and yet this bill over an
enormous territory such as is embraced within
our Union of States, proposes to make no dis-
crimination whatever, but to suppose that the
same necessities for food and water exist in one
quarter of the country as m another. That
is neither sensible nor trite. No careful, hu-
mane owner of cattle would think of applying
the same rule at one season of the year, or in one
part of the country, as in another. His care
and attention would be graduated and lite
amount of food and water would be graduated
entirely in proportion to their actual wants and
the demands of humanity, and not be put
upon a scale which should be rigid and unre-
laxing, and which might be sensible in one
part of the country and utterly insensible and
foolish in another.
1 do not care to enlarge upon my objections
to this bill farther. Although it is offered in
a good cause, in the cause of humanity toward
the brute creation, it is an assumption of
power which I look upon with great disfavor
and distrust. Congress has nothing to do
with the morals of the people of the States.
Congress has nothing to do with the quiet and
peaceable order of the people of the States.
They cannot undertake to punish crimes of
immorality or of disorder. Those are left to
the police powers of the States and the com-
munities where they occur, which are not only
the best, but, under our system of govern-
ment, the only authority to check those evils.
Congress can regulate commerce among the
States ; but tinder the pretext of regulating
commerce among the States they must not
seize upon the necessary police powers, no
matter how desirable may be the object of
their law, and wrest, them away from the only
authority to which they can safely be confided.
For these reasons, and in the present shape of
this bill, I shall, when the time comes for its
final passage, vote against it.
Mr. COLE. All the arguments that have
been presented on this bill lo-dny have been
presented I think several times to-day and on
a former occasion several times, and I can see
no likelihood of the termination of the debate
upon it.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, yos, we can get a
vote now.
Mr. COLE. I think not; and I am bound
to say what 1 am saying and to move to lay the
bill on the table lor the reason that in the
condition of the public business and in this
stage of the session it will not do to waste time
upon bills of this character. There are per-
haps one hundred bills before Congress of as
much importance as this, but there is no bill
of a hundredth part of the importance of the
civil appropriation bill. That everybody con-
cedes must, pass before we can adjourn. Now,
we are wasting all this day on a bill of little
importance comparatively, and I hope the
Sennit) will stand by me and lay it on the table.
1 move that the bill be laid on the table.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, no; that would be
a very unwise expenditure of time.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 ask for the yeas and
nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. VTCKEIIS. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumnku.] On this motion he would
vote '' nay," and 1 should vote " yea."
Mr. SA ULS13CRY. I am requested by the
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Sthvknson] to
slate that he has been compelled to leave the
Chamber by reason of sickness.
The. question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas It, nays 25; as follows:
YHAS—Messrs. Bayard, C.tsserly, Cole. Cooper,
Davis of West Virginia, Hamilton of Texas, John-
ston, Kelly, Norwood, Pratt, Saulabury, Stockton,
Xtiurm.m, and Trumbull—14.
NAY S—Messrs, Alcorn. A iocs, Anthony, Boroinnn,
Buckingham, Caldwell, Clayton, Conkling, Cragin.
Htlimui'ls, Flanagan, Frelmghuysen, Harlan, Hitch-
cock, Howe, .Morrill of Maine, Oaborn, Pomeroy,
Kobeitson, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, West,
and Wil.'-ou— lia.
A1MHNT — .Blair, Brownlow, Cameron,
Carpenter. Chandler, CorHett, Davis ot Kentucky,
Kenton, ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan,
Gilbert, Uoldthwaite. 11 aim I ton ot Maryland, Ham-
lui. Hill, Kellogg, Lewia, Logan, Morrill of Ver-
mont, iMorton, X v'\ Patterson, Pool. Ramsey, Kan-
son), liiee. Schurz, Spencer, Spnigue, Stovenson,
Sumnei, Tipton, Viekerp, Wiudoni, and Wright—3o.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I move that at half past four
o'clock the Senate take a recess until halfpast
seven o'clock for the purpose of considering
this evening bills reported by the Committee
on Appropriations.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I suggest
to the Senator to say halfpast live o'clock.
Mr. COLE. Well I will say from five
o'elosk until half past seven o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California moves that the Senate
take a recess to-day from five o'clock until
half past seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw the amend-
ment that I offered to the amendment of Ihe
Senator frotn California ; but if that amend-
ment is voted down, as I presume it will be,
1 shall then offer my proposition again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The ques-
tion then is on the amendment of the Senator
from California, upon which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY. Several Senators wish
to know what the amendment is. I ask that
it be reported.
The Chief Clerk read it, as follows :
Sec.—. That this act shall not take effect for one
year from and after the date of the passage thereof,
and it shall not apply in any State which shall have
by law sufficient provisions for the prevention of
cruelty to animals within the intent and ineaningof
this act, together with the same or equal means for
enforcing sucli provisions,
Mr. VlCIvERS. I am paired with the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Somner] on
this question. lie would vote against this
proposition and for the bill ; I should vote for
this proposition and against the bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 2G; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Cole, Cooper,
Davis of West. Virginia. Hamilton of Texas, lifll,
Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly, Norwood, Sauisbury,
S to c k to n, an d- T h u r i n an -—1-1.
NAi'S—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony. Bore-
man, Buckingham, Caldwell. Chandler, Clayton,
Corikling, Cragin. Edmunds, Flanagan, Frelinjrhuy-
sen, Harlan, Howe, Morrill of Maine, Osborn, Pom-
eroy, Pratt, Robertson, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman,
Stewart. Trumbull, and Wilson—26.
ABSENT — Messrs. Blair, Brownlow. Cameron,
Carpenter, Corbott, l>avis of Kentucky, Feeton,
Ferry of Connecticut. Ferry of Michigan, Gilbert,
Goldtliwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Kel-
logg, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
IS ye, Patterson, .I'ooi, Ramsey, Hansom, Itico,
Soliurz, Siiencer, Sprague, Stevenson, Sumner, Tip-
ton, Vickers, West, Wtndom, and Wright—31.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move to amend
the bill by adding, " that this act shall take
clfect on the 1st. of October." I wish to call
the attention of the Senator from New Jer-
sey to the fact that this is a criminal act, and
under it any railroad company might be pes-
tered with unreasonable suits immediately.
This bill will be passed probably to-day or
within a day or two ; at any rate during this
week. Here is a provision that—
Any company, owner, or custodian of such ani-
mals who shall fail to comply with the provisions
ofthis act shall, for each and every such failure to
comply with tho provisions of this act, be liable for
and forfeit and pay a penalty of not less than $100
nor more than £500.
It is a penal act. It is au act that requires
a railroad company to change its management
its ordinary course of business. I trust, theie-
fore, the amendment will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I offer an amendment to
come in at the end of the first section. It
relates to immigrants ; and alter the amend-
ment is read 1 will say a few words upon it.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to insert at the end of the first section the
following:
Provided, ctho, That immigrants travelingin rail-
roads forming any part of a line of road from one
State to another shall in all cases where they have
to travel l'or one or more nights on the way to their
destination be provided by the owners or managers
of tho railroad over which they shall travel each
night with proper conveniences inthecarsior sleep-
ing and washing. AH such immigrants shall be car-
ried to their destination without unreasonable
delay. For a failure to comply with this proviso,
the owners, managers, and o&ceis of the railroad
shall be severally liable for and shall pay a penalty
to the person aggrieved of not less than twenty-five
dollars nor more than $1,000.
Mr. CASSERLY. The President of the
United States sent in to us the other day a
special message in regard to the mal-treatment
of immigrants in various ways; and among
