1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2441
lay the bill on the table; and upon a division
there were—ayes 61, noes 70.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. ELDREDGE called for tellers.
Mr. HOAR. Wemay as well have the yeas
and nays first as last.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The question was taken on the motion to
adjourn ; and on a division there were—ayes
64, noes 73.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. ELDREDGE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Hooper,
of Massachusetts, and Mr. Eldkedge were
appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 52, noes 75.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. ELDREDGE. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. 8COPIELD. There are only three
minutes of the morning hour left, and the
call of the yeas and nays, if begun, will last
some twenty minutes. I therefore suggest that
by unanimous consent the morning hour be
considered as closed.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Let us take this bill
out of the morning hour and put it where it
can be acted on.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It would
be acted on at once if gentlemen on the other
side would not filibuster.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Soofield] asks that the morn-
ing hour be considered as concluded, only
three minutes of it remaining.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I have no objection
to that.
The SPEA.KER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion to the proposition. The morning hour
has expired. The motion to adjourn is with-
drawn.
port huron and lake michigan railroad.
Mr. DUNNELL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House pass the bill
(H. R. No. 255) confirming to the'Port Huron
and Lake Michigan Railroad Company the
lands heretofore granted to the State of Mich-
igan to aid in the construction of a railroad
from Grand Haven to Flint and thence to
Port Huron, and providing for the manner of
issuing patents therefor, and for other pur-
The bill, which was read, provides that the
lands heretofore granted to the State of Mich-
igan to aid in the construction of a railroad
from Grand Haven to Flint, and thence to Port
Huron, be confirmed to the Port Huron and
Lake Michigan Railroad Company, and that
patents therefor shall be issued to that com-
pany upon the certificate of the Governor of
the State of Michigan that the company has
completed the several portions of its road in
accordance with the provisions of law.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 hope that before this
subject is acted on the gentleman from Minne-
sota [Mr. Ddnnell] will have read any com-
munication he may have from the Secretary of
the Interior or the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office.
Mr. DUNNELL. I have several commun-
ications which may be read if there be no
objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
The Clerk read as follows :
Post Office Defahtjient,
Office Second Assistant Postmaster General,
Washington, D. C., April 9,1872.
I heroby certify that on the 31st day of January,
1863 this Department contracted with the Detroit
find Milwaukee Railroad Company to transport the
United States mail between Detroit and brand
Haven, via Owasso, and the contract embraced ser-
vice on this railroad Irom July 1,1862, and that the
mail service on said railroad'between Owasso and
Grand Haven has been uninterrupted .Hid continu-
ous until this time. J. L. FBJ4NO.H,
Acting focond. Assistant Postmaster (xeneral.
Department op the Interior,
Geuekal Land Office.
Washington. D. C., April 9,1872.
. Sir ^Pursuant to your oral request of this morn-
ing, I have the honor to make the following state-
ment :
That by the act of June 3,1856, certain lands were
granted to the State of Michigan to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from Grand Haven and Pere
Marquette to Flint, and thence to Port Huron ;
that there was certified to the State for the Detroit
and Milwaukee and the Port Huron and Milwaukee
Railroad Companies 37,467.43 acres as inuring to said
State under said act, to aid in the construction of a
railroad on said line: that the act of August 3,1854,
makes the certified list equivalent to patents. And
further, that the titles to said amount of land have
been regarded as vested in the State, and no action
has been taken to restore them to the mass of the
public lands.
Very respectfully, W. W. CURTIS,
Acting Commissioner.
Hon. 0. D. Conger, House of Representatives.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
inquire how it is that if these lands have been
certified to the State of Michigan for the ben-
efit .of those two railroads it now becomes
necessary for Congress to legislate anew upon
the subject?
Mr. CONGER. I will answer the gentle-
man. The Port Huron and Milwaukee Rail-
road Company, to whom these lands wore cer-
tified, failing in 1861 to build the road, the
citizens organized under a charter, adopting
another corporate name—-the Port Huron and
Lake Michigan Railroad Company—and built
the road. The lands having inured and cer-
tified to the Port Huron and Milwaukee Rail-
road Company, and the Port Huron and Lake
Michigan Railroad Company havingbuiltsixty-
six miles of the road, it is thought necessary
by our board of control that there should be
action by Congress as now proposed in order
to confirm the lands to the company that has
actually constructed the road. The Legislature
would have confirmed the grant, but that the
legislative sessions in our State being bien-
nial there was no Legislature in session at the
time the grant of land lapsed; otherwise the
lands would have been transferred to the com-
pany that actually built the road.
Mr. HOLMAN. Did that company build
the road expecting to secure this grant of
laud?
Mr. CONGER. Certainly ; they always
expected to receive the lands; they expected
to receive them from the State authorities.
The paper read the other day from the board
of control of the Michigan railroad lands shows
that this company ought to have the lands; and
that board asks Congress to pass a law con-
firming the grant to this company, because,
the time having lapsed before State action was
taken, the power of the State to make a valid
transfer is doubted. That is the simple state-
ment of the case.
Mr, HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I suppose
the statement from the General Land Office is
a correct one, or at least we must assume it
to be correct, and from that statement there
is at least a strong equity in favor of this grant
' being made.
Mr. COX. I should like to ask t.he gentle-
man from Michigan a question.
Mr. CONGER. Certainly.
Mr. COX. Do I understand the gentleman
to say that this company built this line of road
without having any title to these lands ? Did
this company, without any title to theso lands,
undertake to build this road, expecting Con-
gress would make this grant?
Mr. CONGER. This company began the
building of the road before the grant of these
lauds expired. They began on the same line.
The owners of the franchise were the Port
Huron and Milwaukee company. This com-
pany bought that franchise. They thought
when they bought the franchise that they
would have the ownership of these lands by
becoming the assignees of the company which
originally owned the franchise. The name,
however, being a different one, that is, the
name of the company being different from the
name of the company to which the franchise
was granted, it was thought that some con-
firmatory legislation would be necessary in
order to make the title perfectly clear, and
that is all that is now asked.
Mr. COX. I should like to ask the gentle-
man from Michigan who are the citizens who
control this railroad company?
Mr. CONGER. The stock Vas all gotten
up and all the expense incurred by citizens of
Port Huron and of the country through which
this road runs. This company owns both
franchises. They own the franchise of the
Port Huron and Milwaukee and of the Port
Huron and Lake Michigan; but the latter
being a better charter, they organized ip 1864
under that better charter and took a new name.
The poor and the rich citizens alike combined
for the purpose of building this road, the only
difficulty now being in the fact that this com-
pany does not now bear the name of the
company under whose charter these lands were
originally granted. This company owns both
charters and have gone on in good faith to
construct the road.
Mr. RANDALL. Have any of these lands
been forfeited to the United States?
Mr. CONGER. One hundred miles of road
were completed in 1862, perfectly Sompleted,
and the certificate from the Post Office De-
partment, which has been read, shows that
the mails were carried at that time over that
line of' road. There can be, therefore, no
good reason why these lands should be re-
fused to this company, which has so faithfully
carried out its part of the contract. The
lands were given to the old company, and
from that old company were purchased by the
present company, and that company have
gone on in good faith to construct the road.
I do not think because of the mere change of
name they can fairly be refused the title to
these lands.
Mr. HOLMAN. As I understand, this com-
pany has never received any of these lands.
Mr. CONGER. Never received an acre.
This is all the company will receive.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is, twenty-seven thou-
sand acres?
Mr. CONGER. That is all.
1 Mr. HOLMAN. As I understand, all of
these lands are covered by the original grant?
Mr. CONGER. They are all covered by
the original grant under which the road was
begun.
Mr. RANDALL. As I understand, too,
these lands have never reverted to the United
States.
Mr. CONGER. Such is the information
furnished by the certificate of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office which has
just been read at the Clerk's desk. I say none
of these lands have ever reverted to the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. RANDALL, I would as soon have the
statement of the gentleman from Michigan in
reference to the fact as that of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office.
Mr. CONGER. Then I will state to the
gentleman that none of these lands have ever
reverted to the United States.
Mr. COX. Does not the gentleman from
Michigan think under all the circumstances
where there are so many grants, and they have
become so confused and mixed that it is diffi-
cult to tell to which company the landsbelong,
it would be better on the part of Congress, in
order to save the rights of the people, to repeal
all of these grants? Has not Congress the
power to repeal any of these land grants /
Mr. CONGER. Congress certainly has the
right, but it would be a most unjust thing on
the part of Congress. The rich and poor alike
contributed for the purpose of building this
road. But while Congress has the abstract
right to repeal this grant, itwouldnotbe a just
act on our part. . We have always expected to
have these lands. We have sixty-six miles of
the road built, and there are only twenty two
miles more to be built. The rich and poor
