1872.
THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
423S
those ways in the transportation of them after
their arrival in this country. Ashe states, that
message was merely an enlargement upon an
allusion made by him in his regular message
to Congress at the commencement of this ses-
sion. With that message the President laid
before us a report from a Government official,
■who, under instructions from the Treasury
Department, inquired into the whole subject
of immigration to the United States. As a
part of his investigation he visited Europe.
On the 1st of November, 1871, he made a ie-
port, which is the report transmitted by the
President with his message. I send the report
to the desk and a.sk the Clerk to read that por
tion of it oil page 5 which is marked.
The Secretary read as follows :
"Itaihcay Transportation in the United States.—In
addition to theinconveniencesofasteerage passage,
which are a great obstacle to the increase of emigra-
tion, complaiDts have been made against the railway
companies because they run the emigrant trains
upon stow time, or as ' extra' trains. Not only is tho
time from New York to Chicago, or St. Louio, from
three to four days, but the companies hold them-
selves responsible for no particular time whatever.
The emigrant, with his wite and children, must take
his chances, live upon tho hard benches upon spring-
less cars for many day at his own expense, very
often without'water or fire, owing to the neglect of
employes, who care noUungfor the comforts or neces-
sities of 'foreigners' who cannot even be under-
stood.
" If the Government makes deductions for fail-
ures of the mail-trains, surely it ought to provide a
proper legal remedy to the poor emigrant, who is
frequently treated with less consideration than the
brute creation."
Mr. CAS^ERLY. It will be perceived
that so much of the agent's report as has just
been read has two branches, and that both those
branches are covered by my amendment. One
part of his remarks relates to the abuses of the
railroad companies in regard to the delays of im-
migrant trains. There is no doubt that what
he says is not only not exaggerated, but is
much below the actual truth. So, sir, in re-
gard to the kind of accommodations furnished
to those people in the cars which they use, the
agent does not speak of the necessity of sleep-
ing accommodations, but of course that fol-
lows as a matter of common humanity where
the immigrant is compelled to spend several
nights in a ear on his way to his destination.
Few Senators in this body probably have
traveled sufficiently on the great lines west of
Chicago and between that point and the Pacific
ocean to have had the same ocular demonstra-
tion which I have had of the unhappy condi-
tion of immigrants upon those lines. I do not
now enter into any crusade against the rail-
road companies ; 1 desire simply to bring be-
fore the Senate of the United States the facts,
facts which make a very strong appeal to us
ail if properly understood.
Mr. President, the great want of our coun-
try, west of the Mississippi river especially, is
population. All men are agreed nowadays
as to the advantage of a healthy industrious
population, that kind of population we derive
now in a very large measure, perhaps in larger
measure than ever before, from the European
immigration. Is it not the interest of the west-
ern States in particular, among which States
1 class my own, to encourage such immigration
by all proper means? Should we permit any-
thing to be done which discourages it? That
is the manifest interest of such States. But I
do not content myself on that low ground; I
speak also from the higher level of our common
humanity; and wheu these poor unprotected,
defenseless people summon us to that level,
they summon us to a level where each one of
us stands precisely on an equality with all the
rest, where we stand as human beings simply
before our great Maker.
Sir, I wish I had the talent to tell what I
have seen ; 1 wish I had the capacity to ex-
press what I feel now at the recollection.
Over and over, upon one of the best managed
railroads between the Atlantic and the Pacific,
according to my personal experience, I have
Been unhappy groups of immigrant families
after days and days of detention or of travel
upon the great railroad lines, after sleepless
nights, looking more dead than alive. I have
seen many a young mother, after sleepless
nights spent by her in an effort to snatch some
repose for her flock of little ones, stretched
out upon the hard bench so exhausted that she
had lost for the time all ideas of comeliness
and almost of decency. I have looked upon
her, her eyes red for want of sleep, her face
begrimed for want of conveniences for clean-
liness, and her luxuriant hair a tangled mass,
while around her were those little ones, those
white-beaded boys and girls, fair-skinned and
blue-eyed, the future fathers and mothers of a
great race in the West, helpless like chickens
around their dam waiting for their mother to
awakeu from an uneasy slumber so that they
might 'nave some little attention paid to their
personal wants. And when I heard the clamors
of those little ones, and saw that young mother
rousing herself from an uneasy slumber on
her hard bench, it occurred to me that all our
welcome to the immigrant on paper was of
little worth, for this was the kind of treatment
with which we entertained him after his arrival.
Sir, it is a discredit to our civilization, it is a
damage to our highest interests that we ever
should have permitted such things. It will
be a greater discredit if, after having known
them, we shall allow them to exist.
The Senator frona New Jersey has brought
forward and he has pressed here, I will not say
with undue earnestness, his bill for the pre-
vention of cruelty to dumb beasts. I ask now
that Senator to join with me, and 1 ask a ma-
joiity of this Senate which thus far has sus-
tained him in his measure, also to join with
me in putting one provision into this bill lor
the prevention of cruelty to human beings.
I ask my associates in this body to join with
me in securing for these immigrants whom we
invite, who are year after yeaj- pouring new
and tresh blood into the arteries of our body-
politic—I ask them to join with me in secur-
ing for these immigrants on the long lines of
travel from the sea-board to the great West,
where they go to help to lay the foundations of
our future greatness, some conveniences for
needful rest, some conveniences for decent
cleanliness, some protection against hardships
which I seek in vain to describe, and which are
enough to afflict the heart of any thinking
man with the commonest impulses of human-
ity to witness or even to know that they exist
and are not at once remedied. Sir, I send up
to enforce what I said the message of the
President, and I ask to have the portion read
which I have marked.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
" On his arrival be does not know States or cor-
porations, but confides implicitly in the protecting
arms of the great free country of which he has
heard so much before leaving his native land. It
is a source of serious disappointment and discour-
agement to those who start with means sufficient to
support them comfortably until they can choose a
residence and begin employment for a comfortable
support to find themselves subject to ili-treatment
and every discomfort on their passage here, and at
the end of their journey seized upon by professed
friends, claiming legal right to take charge ot them
for their protection, who do not leave them until
all their resources are exhausted, when they are
abandoned m a strange land, surrounded by stran-
gers, without employment, and ignorant of the
means of securing it."
Mr. CASSERLY. Sir, the getieral tone of
that message, including the portion which I
have had read, does honor to the head and
heart of the Chief Magistrate. But, sir, his
messages will be in vain if they are not fol-
lowed up by action here. Here is an oppor-
tunity, before you dispose of this bill, to insert
in it a provision which shall carry out the
spirit and the purpose of the message. When
the President speaks of the poor immigrant,
and the hardships and privations inflicted on
him on ship board and on arrival on our shores,
he has merely touched the surface of the sub-
ject. He speaks of "ill-treatment and every
discomfort oil their passage here." Why,-sir,
that is not so bad as the grievance, and the
wrong, and the shame, if we shall allow it to
continue, that after his arrival here, after he
has come into this land of equality, of liberty,
of consideration for man as man, independent
of the accident of his birth or his station, he
is subjected by your great railroads—1 will
not say all of them ; I speak only of those of
which I know—employing the language of the
President, tq ill-treatment, to every " discom-
fort" on his attempted journey from the sea-
board to his distant home in the great West.
Shall that continue, sir? Now, the oppor-
tunity is offered to prevent its continuance in
the future, to require of the companies that
they shall carry these immigrants with reason-
able dispatch.
In the first place, the Senate will observe
that I have employed words familiar to courts
and lawyers. I do not wish to bind the rail-
road companies by provisions impracticable or
excessively stringent.
I have asked also by my amendment that
when in the cars in long journeys, moving
through several nights consecutively, the im-
migrant shall have reasonable facilities for
sleeping and for washing. Is that too much
to ask? If it be, and if the Senate is not
willing to give that, I will take, and take
thankfully, whatever little pittance the Senate
of the United States is willing to extend in
the way of removing and guarding against in
the future " ill-treatment and every discom-
fort," which, as the President truly says, they
experience on their passage here, but which,
as [ say, and as every man who knows any-
thing about it knows, are continued, if not
increased and aggravated after their arrival
on our shores, on their way to their distant
home in the great West.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I wish to cor-
roborate all that my colleague has so well and
so forcibly said touching the treatment of im-
migrants over the long lines of railway. I
think a great deal more cruelty is practiced
toward the human species of animals than
toward the brute species. So far as my obser-
vation has gone that certainly is the case.
There is more wanton neglect on the long
iines of railroad in this country of the care
and comfort of those who travel in the rudest
class of cars, those who are unable to pay the
highest rates of fare; and I must add that, it
is not confined to immigrants from foreign
countries, but applies as well to our own
native-born American citizens. I have seen
them on long lines of rail traveling night and
day for several days in succession without, I
may say, the least accommodation or prepara-
tion for comfort provided for them.
I hope the amendment that is offered may
be adopted, and that some little care may be
given to the comfort of bur own species.
Why, Mr. President, a person who Will prac-
tice a cruelty toward a dumb brute partakes
himself in part of the nature of the brute
creation. A human man or an association
of men, be they in the form of a railroad cor-
poration or what not, that practice these acts
of cruelty, or suffer these outrages on their
passengers, partake in some degree at least
of the brutal character that is ascribed to the
lower order of animals. I think our remedy
begins first with the improvement upon our
own race; and with requiring comforts for
them ; not that I would be unmindful of the
objects of the bill of the Senator from New
Jersey. They are humane and proper ; I ap-
prove of them all; but we ought, while we are
considering the comforts of the brute creation,
to consider also the comfort and convenience
of the life and happiness and health of our
own race.
Why, sir, if I may be the judge I would con-
clude that there are more human lives lost by
the hardships practiced upon immigrants than
there are lives of the brute animals. I do not
assert this to be the fact, but I have 110 doubt
