1872,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1545
the moans and opportunity to improve said island
and compete with the legitimate tradeofour water-
front as to reduce the value of property in our city
scores of millions of dollars; and further, the build-
ing of wharves and docks and bridges necessary to
connoct the island with the Oakland or opposite
shore would so affect the water-currents of the har-
bor as to shoal the entrance and obstruct its nat-
ural channels; the opinion of the chamber in this re-
spect being corroborated by official reports of emi-
nent scientific gentlemen connected with the United
States Coast Survey. Reasoning from the fore-
going, the Chamber of Commerce respectfully sub-
mit to the Congress o$ the United States that it
would be wrong to destroy the military isolation
of Goat Island, that it would be wrong to jeop-
ardize the usefulness of this great and only harbor
on this coast for hundreds of miles north and south,
by obstructing natural channels or shoaling the
water upon the bar outside the heads, which bar
even now affords depth of water barely sufficient to
admit the entrance of the largest-class ships at low
tide; that it would be wrong to give the Central
Pacific or any other railroad the free use of a hun-
dred acres of land with water-frontage to come in
competition with lands and property of our citizens
that cost them hundreds of millions in hard cash;
that it would be a grievous wrong and an op-
pression not in keeping with our republican
Government to thus discriminate against the
masses and in favor of a corporation that claims
to own $100,000,000 of property, the greatest part
of which was a gift from the United States Govern-
ment, besides a gift of $400,000 from the city, and
sixty acres ot valuable land on the water-front for a
terminus: Therefore,
Beit resolved. That this Chamber publicly asserts
and declares there is no private reason or public
necessity for ceding Goat Island to the Central Pa-
cific railroad, and it respectfully protests againstsueh
cession as destructive to our commercial interests, as
against personal and national safety, and in viola-
tion of public justice as well as an outrage upon the
vested rights of the property-holders of this city.
Resolved, That this Chamber asks the Congress of
the United States to ignore the bill now before that
honorable body relating thereto, and that any
lurther bill of like nature hereafter introduced may
bo treated with the hostility which selfish scheming
against private and public rights deserves at the
hands of the congressional guardians of the people's
interests.
Mesolved, That the secretary of this Chamber be
instructed to forthwith transmit printed copies of
the preamble and resolutions to thePresident of the
United States, the President of the Senate, the
Speaker of the House of Representatives, and to
each of our delegation in Congress.
R. B.SWAINE, President.
WASHINGTON BARTLEIT,
l"secretary.
light-house on bullock point.
The SPEA&EK laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, in
answer to a resolution of the House of Febru-
ary 21,1872, in relation to a light-house on Bul-
lock's Point, Providence river, Rhode Island ;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
obstructions in the missouri river.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from, the Secretary of War, in answer
to a resolution of the House of February 28,
1872, in relation to removing obstructions in
the Missouri river ; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed. •
sale of government property.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of War, in answer
to the resolution of the House of February 28,
1872, in relation to property of the United
States sold by the War Department since the
30th day of June, 1865; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
g. w. whitmore vs. w. s. herndon.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
papers in the contested-election case of G. W.
Whitmore vs. W. S. Herndon, in the first
congressional district of Texas; which were
referred to the Committee of Elections.
seneca i3dians.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Interior, in
relation to an appropriation to aid the Senecas,
mixed Senecas, Shawnees and Quapaws,
and the confederated bands of Peorias, Kas-
kaskias, &c., in carrying on their industrial
pursuits in the Indian territory; whieh_ was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
chippewa chief.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Interior, in
relation to a reservation made to Red Bear,
chief, of the Chippewas, by provision of the
ninth article of the treaty of October 2,
1863; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
pensacola bay and harbor.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from.the Acting Secretary of the Treas-
ury, transmitting a memorial of the mayor and
city council of the city of Pensacola in relation
to Pensacola bay and harbor; which v/as re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
new state department.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of State, in relation
to an appropriation for carrying on the work
on the new State Department; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. McIntyre until Tuesday next.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Lamisojj until the 19th instant.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Bell for two weeks.
PHCEBE SOflELD.
Mr. COBB. I ask unanimous consent to
report from the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions and War of 1812 the bill (H. R. No.
1271) to amend an act entitled "An act grant-
ing a pension to Phoebe Sofield, widow of
Lewis Sofield," and to ask for its passage now.
The bill was read. It provides that the act
entitled "An act granting a pension to Phoebe
Sofield, widow of Lewis Sofield," approved
April 4, 1871, be, and the same is hereby,
amended so that said pension provided for in
said act shall date from the 4th day of March,
1848; and the Secretary'of the Interior is
hereby directed to place the name of said
Phoebe Sofield on the pension-rolls as of said
date, and to pay her a pension at the rate pro-
vided for in said act from said date ; provided,
that no payment shall be made for any time
for which payment has already been made
under the provisions of the act hereby amended.
Mr. HOLMAN. I reserve the right to
object to this bill until it is explained. It is an
unusual bill.
Mr. MOORE. My attention has not been
called to this bill. From what commiitee
does it come?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
it to be reported from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions and War of 1812, but the
committee will be called in its regular order
in a few days.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. Let me say a
word in explanation of this bill.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection,
the bill will be considered as before the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask first for the reading
of the report.
The SPEAKER. The report will be read.
The Clerk read the report.
Mr. COBB. I suppose there is no further
objection to the bill ?
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. House bill No.
619 comes back from the Senate with amend-
ments. I would like to have those amendments
non-concurred in.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is demanded by a number of the gentle-
man's own committee, and the Chair must
enforce it. The regular order is upon the
motion of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Palmer,] that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the Post Office appropriation bill.
post office appropriation bill.
The question was put, and the m&tion of
Mr. Palmer was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union (Mr. Wheeler in the chair) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1070) making appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department for the year
ending June 30, 1873.
By unanimous consent, the first reading of
the bill was dispensed with.
Mr. PALMER. The amount appropriated
by this bill, as it was originally reported and
subsequently amended by the committee, is
$28,254,450. The items are substantially the
same as heretofore reported, year by year, in the
Post Office appropriation bill, the increase of
post offices and extension of mail lines being
taken into account. The estimated receipts for
the next fiscal year are about thirteen hundred
thousand dollars more than for the preceding
year. The estimated expenditures are about
two million dollars more than for the preceding
year. Tiie excess of expenditures over receipts
as compared with the present fiscal year are
about nine hundred thousand dollars. This
increase of expenditures over'receipts is ac-
counted for in two items, namely, the item of
increased salaries of postmasters, made neces-
sary by the biennial readjustment, to take effect
on the 1st of July, 1872, and the item of in-
creased mail scrvice following the extension
of mail routes. The last biennial readjust-
ment of postmasters' salaries increased the
expenditures of the Department $481,000.
During the last year the increase of mail routes
increased the expenditures of the Department
$644,000. Why the proposed appropriation
for inland transportation is largely increased,
may be seen by the rapid increase of railway
mail service. •
On the 30th of June, 1868, the close of the
fiscal year, there were only 36,000 miles of
railway mail routes. On the 30th of June, 1869,
the increase over the preceding year was 3,500
miles. On the 30th of June, 1869, the increase
over the preceding year was 4,500 miles. On
the 30th of June, 1871, the increase over the
preceding year was 6,107 miles. In the State
of Iowa alone the increase in the latter year
was 725 miles—the largest increase of railway
mail transportation in any State in the^ Union.
For the three years enumerated the increase
of railway mail routes was in the aggregate
thirty- eight per cent. For the last year named
it was seventeen per cent. In the month of
December last the increase was 968 miles. In
the month of January last there was an in-
crease of 1,400 miles. It may be safely esti-
mated that during the next fiscal year the
increase will bo at least 10,000. This will ,
account in a great degree for the estimated
increase of expenditures over receipts for
the fiscal year ending on the 30th of June,
1873. Of course this estimated extension of
mail lines involves a corresponding expendi-
ture for additional postal railway clerks, mes-
sengers, agents, postmasters, and other em-
ploy 6s.
I make this explanation thus fully that there
may be no misunderstanding as to the dis-
bursement of postal moneys. _ To those who
have given any attention to this subject, there
are some facts of interest. If there were not
with us the necessity for such rapid extension
of lines as I have specified, instead of there
being a deficit at the end of each fiscal year,
there would be a large surplus. Under the
English Government the net revenue of ths
