3338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
ined and found truly enrolled bilk of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed
the same.
An act (H. R. No. 1055) to regulate the
salary of the consul at Tien-Tsin, China ;
An act (H. R. No. 2567) to authorize the
issue of a supply of arms to the authorities of
the Territory of Montana;
An act (H. R. No. 2616) authorizing the
Maine;
erection of a public building in Rockland,
An act (H. R. No. 2627) to enable the city
of Denver to purchase certain lands in Colo-
rado for a cemetery ;
An act (S. No. 309) to prohibit the reten-
tion of soldiers' discharges by claim agents and
attorneys;
An act (S. No. 354) relating to the Reform
School of the District of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 440) to amend an act entitled
" An act to establish and to protect national
cemeteries," approved February 2'2, 1867 ;
and
An act (S. No. 609) to reduce the limits of
the military reservation at Fort Stanton, New
Mexico.
SALBS BY TIIB WAR DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, in answer to a resolu-
tion of the House of February 28, 1872, in re-
lation to the amount of money paid into the
Treasury of the United States from the sales
of property by the officers of the War Depart-
ment since the 30th of .Tune, 1865 ; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
CALEB S. OltHEK.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, ill relation to the charge of
desertion agains Caleb S. Greek, of the lirst
Michigan volunteers; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
WADDY THOMPSON.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
commissioners of claims, transmitting then-
report in case No. 27, of Waddy Thompson ;
which was referred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
FORT UIUTIOT 1,1(1 IlT-llOUSH ltKSKHVATlON.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid lielore the House a letter from tile
Secretary of the Treasury, in relation to the
sale of the light-house reservation at Foil
Gratiot, Port Huron, Michigan.
Mr. CONGER. 1 move that the communi-
cation be icferred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, which has this matter now under
consideration.
The letter was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
ALABAMA AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE, ETC.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Governor of Alabama, transmitting,
in compliance with the act of July 2, 1862,
the H-port concerning tile establishment of
the Alabama agricultural and mechanical col-
lege; which was referred to the Committee on
Agriculture, and ordered to be printed.
LOSS OF THE ONEIDA.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following message from the President of
the United States:
To lt'l'j Jloitm: of ItepreHcntativrs :
In answt'i to a resolution of tho Ilouge of Repre-
sentatives, of the, lj:h of March last, I transmit
herewith a report of tho Secretary of State, and the
papers which accompanied it.
U. S. GRANT.
"Washington, D. C., May 7,1872.
The SPEAKER. The report and papers
have reference to the claim of the owners of
the steamer Aroostook, used by the United
States legation in Japan to search for the
bodies and property of the persons lost in the
United States ship Oneida, in the bay of Yeddo,
in 1870.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the message and
papers be referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, and that they be ordered to be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
AFFRAY AT GOING-SNAKE COURT-HOUSE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following message from the President of
the United States:
Executive Mansion, May 10,1872.
To the Speaker of the House of Representatives:
I herewith communicate to the House of Repre-
sentatives a report of this date, from the acting Sec-
retary of tho Interior, in answer to the resolution
of that body, adopted on the 29th ultimo, calling for
information relative to the recent affray at the
court-house in Going-Snake district, Indian terri-
°In' view of the feeling of hostility which exists
between the Cherokees and the United States au-
thorities of the western district of Arkansas, it
seems to be necessary that Congress should adopt
such measures as will tend to allay that feeling, and
at tho same time secure the enforcement of the laws
in that territory. I therefore agree with the acting
Secretary of the Interior in suggesting the adoption
of a pending bill for the erection of a United States
district within tho Indian territory, as a measure
which will afford the most important remedy for the
existing troubles. U.S.GRANT.
The communication, with accompanying
papers, was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
NEW POST ROUTE.
Mr. HEREFORD. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce and have put upon its pas-
sage a bill to establish a post route, to which I
think there will be no objection.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information, after which objections, if any,
will be in order.
The bill was read as follows :
A hill to estnblish a mail routo.
He it enacted, ({v., That the following be estab-
lished as a post routo: from Wintield, in the
county of l'utnaiu, State of West Virginia, to Scott
depot, on tho Chosapcako and Ohio railroad, in the
.saniu county,
Mr. TWICIIELL. I think it would be bet-
ter that this bill should go to the Committee
oil the Post Otliee and Post Roads. We have
a great, many post route bills before us, which
have come in since the last general bill was
passed.
Mr. HEREFORD. 1 spoke yesterday to
the chairman of that committee, and he said
lie supposed there would be no objection. The
necessity for this arises from the railway hav-
ing been completed to that point, and the citi-
zens of the locality have sent a petition that
this routo may be established. After it has
become a law there must be service put upon
the route. We do not know when the general
bill will be passed. I do not think there can
be any objection to it.
No objection being made, the bill (H. R.
No. 2713) was received, read a first and second
time, and ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time ; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HEREFORD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELECTION CONTEST BOWEN VS. BE LARGE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
additional papers in the contested-election case
of Bowen vs. De Large, from the State of
South Carolina ; which were referred to the
Committee of Elections,
SOPHIA SCHILINGER.
Mr. SWANN obtained unanimous consent
to have withdrawn from the files of the House
the papers in the case of Sophia Schilinger.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. BIGGS was granted leave of absence
until Wednesday next.
Mr. TUTHILL was granted leave of absence
until Thursday next.
Mr. RITCHIE was granted leave of absence
for one week.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, was
granted leave of absence for to-day.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, was granted
leave of absence for ten days.
Mr. WOOD was granted leave of absence
for one week from Monday next.
BENJAMIN W. REYNOLDS.
Mr. DUNNELL, from'the Committee on
the Public Lands, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted a report in writing to accompany House
bill No. 1634, for the relief of Benjamin W,
Reynolds; which report was ordered to be
printed and recommitted.
MEXICAN MAIL STEAMSHIPS.
Mr. SAWYER, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on Com-
merce, with a substitute, House bill No. 1188,
to authorize the establishment of ocean mail
steamship service between the United States
and Mexico; which was ordered to be printed
and recommitted, not to be brought back into
the House by a motion to reconsider.
SENATE BILLS REFERRED.
Mr. DONNAN. I ask that the Senate bills
on the Speaker's table relating to business of
the Committee on Military Affairs be now
taken from the Speaker's table and referred
to that committee, not to be brought back into
the House by motions to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. That will require unani-
mous consent.
No objection was made; and accordingly the
following bills were taken from the Speaker's
table, severally read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs :
An act (S. No. 451) for the relief of Jeffer-
son W. Davis ;
An act (S. No. 604) to authorize the Secre-
tary of War to sell the west pier at Oswego
harbor, New York, and for other purposes;
An act (S. No. 765) for the relief of the
heirs of the late Captain B. R. Perkins, of the
United States Army;
An act (S. No. 829) granting the Fort
Kearney military reservation to the State of
Nebraska, for the use and benefit of the
Nebraska State deaf and dumb and insane
asylums ;
An act (S. No. 996) to repeal so much of
section six of an act entitled •' An act making
appropriations for the support of t,he Army for
the year ending June HO, 1870, and for other
purposes," approved March 3, 1809, as pro-
hibits promotions in the staff department of the
Army ; and
An act (S. No. 968) to authorize the inter-
ment of honorably discharged soldiers, sail-
ors, and marines in the national cemeteries of
the United States.
The following bill was taken from the Speak-
er's table, and read a first and second time:
An act (S. No. 228) for the relief of James
Murphy.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I ask unanimous con-
sent to make a single statement in reference to
this bill. I think it can then be disposed of
right here in one moment.
The SPEAKER. If the bill is unobjection-
able, the gentleman can get leave to report it
any time. The House is now proceeding by
unanimous consent.
The bill was accordingly referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
PAYMASTER GENERAL.
The SPEAKER. The Senate have sent a
message that they disagree to the amendment
of the House to Senate bill No. 463, to
enable the President of the United States to
appoint a Paymaster General of the Army,
and request a committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
