1546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 8,
post office department is £1,500,000 per
annum. But in England postal routes are es-
tablished—few extensions of lines are needed—
relatively, in the granting of subsidies, and in
the general administration of the post office
department the English Government is more
generous in its expenditures than the Govern-
ment of the United States.
There is another consideration connected
with this subject. Since 1852, the year when
cheap postage went into operation in this
country, there has been but one year under
any Administration when the postal receipts
exceeded the postal revenues. The policy has
been, and is now, to extend to all the people,
however remote, within onr borders, the largest
possible advantages of postal communication,
to the end that divers nationalities and classes
scattered over thousands of miles of territory,
but under one system of laws and under one
national Government, might be brought into
closersocial, educational, and commercial asso-
ciation.
If you look at the table of postal receipts
and expenditures for the last fiscal year you
will find, as I stated in debate on this floor a
few days since, that there are only thirteen of
the thirty-seven States which pay a surplus
into the united States Treasury on postal ac-
count. Five of these States are in New Eng-
land, four are middle States, two are southern,
and two are northwestern. In some of the
extreme western States the excess of expend-
itures over receipts was last year more than
$400,000. In some of the Territories it was
more than $200,000. These expenditures were
made necessary by our system of rapid set-
tlement of the public lands, and the policy
of extending mail routes along the track of
the pioneer as quickly as possible, without re-
gard to the question of present net receipts.
I might amplify this branch of the subject
by showing the progress which the Department
has made in extending postal facilities to the
older States, but I will not further occupy the
time of the committee.
I have promised to yield to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. L. Myers] a portion
of my time.
Mr. L. MYERS. Before thegentleman takes
his seat I would like to ask him'a question.
Mr. PALM Ell. Very well.
Mr. L. MYERS. I notice that, as thegen-
tleman said, the Committee on Appropriations
in this bill have very properly followed out in
the main the items of expenditures in similar
bills of former years, wit.li certain exceptions
that he has stated. In the item for letter-
carriers, I believe, their pay is left as hereto-
fore. Am I correct? If so, will the gentle-
man be kind enough to explain why the request
of the public for an increase of the pay of
letter-carriers has met with no favorable re-
sponse from the Committee on Appropriations?
Mr, PALMER. There have been appli-
cations made from some of the larger cities
of the country for an increase of the pay of
letter-carriers. The theory of the Committee
on Appropriations, not only upon this bill, but
also upon all the appropriation bills, was, that
it was not advisable now to enter upon the
policy of an increase of salaries. I believe
that up to this time it has not as a committee
authorized the increase of the salary of any
officer of the Government. It is in part for
that reason that the Committee on Appropria-
tions did not provide in this bill any increaso
of the pay now allowed to letter-carriers.
But there is another reason why the commit-
tee did not do so, and why, in our opinion, the
House should not provide for the increase.
That reason is that this system of free deliv-
ery of letters and newspapers ill certain citios
in not self-sustaining. There is still another
reason: that the number of citizens who enjoy
the benefit of the free delivery of letters and
newspapers is very limited, there being, I be-
lieve, but fifiy-two cities in the whole United
States where this system is in operation. There
are a large number of cities which do not reach
the minimum of fifty thousand inhabitants, yet
which desire these facilities as much as those
cities that have a population above the mini-
mum. Now, if we adopt the policy of increas-
ing the expenditures for this kind of service,
we cut off those cities of less population from
the advantages of this service. There are offi-
cers of the Post Office Deparment who believe
that if the salaries of letter-carriers could be
reduced to $900 a year, this system could be
extended to cities of fifteen thousand inhab-
itants. I happen to live in a city of about
fifteen thousand inhabitants, and the people
there are as anxious for this free delivery of
postal matter as are the inhabitants of New
York, Philadelphia, Chicago, or any other
large city. If we increase the salaries of
letter-carriers we must expect to postpone the
day when the smaller cities can share with
the larger ones the benefits of this free postal
delivery. Those are some of the reasons why
we have not reported the increase asked.
Mr. BANKS. Allow me one word in regard
to this system of free delivery of letters. While
I do not advocate especially an increase of the
salaries of letter-carriers, I can say to the gen-
tlemen of the Committee on Appropriations
that if that system shall be discontinued, espe-
cially in the manufacturing towns and cities,
the result will be a very large addition to the
rental in the post offices, more than enough to
compensate these carriers. In the city of Law-
rence, in my district, the present postal facil-
ities would be wholly insufficient without this
letter-carrier system.
Mr. PALMER. There is no pi-oposition
iti this bill to change the law on that subject.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. L.
Myers] asked me why the committee had not
reported an increase of the salaries of letter-
carriers.
Mr. BANKS. I made the remark in answer
to the suggestion of the gentleman that the
letter-carrier system was not self-sustaining.
It relievos the Government from a very large
burden which otherwise it would have to pay in :
the way of rental. That circumstance should !
be taken into consideration. j
Mr. PALMER. The extent to which this i
system might be made self-sustaining is prob-
ably a difficult problem to solve. But so far
as official figures seem to tell the story, it is
now a burden to the Department.
Mr. BANKS. Certainly, where we do not
take into consideration the question of rents.
Mr. PALMER. Yes, sir._
Mr. BANKS. That question should also be
taken into consideration.
Mr. K1LLINGER. In oi'der to increase
the salaries of these letter-carriers, is not a
change of the law necessary?
Mr. L. MYERS. I will answer that ques-
tion in good time.
Mr. PALMER. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. L. Myers]
that when we reach the specified appropria-
tion relating to this subject of letter carriers we
can discuss the question more minutely than we
can do it now. |
Mr. L. MYERS. That may be true ; but at I
the same time it is difficult to discuss these '
questions under the five-minutes rule. I pro-
pose to offer an amendment when we reach
the section, but I propose also to say a few
words nojv.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman's premises
being entirely wrong—and he speaks for the
committee—his conclusions are, of course,
wrong. I did not intend to urge the fact that
the free-delivery system is self-sustaining ; but
I will say before proceeding, from an examin-
ation of the subject—-which evidently the gen-
tleman and his committee have not made—that
it is self-sustaining, and I shall prove it.
Mr. Chairman, the free-delivery system for
letter-carriers was established in March, 1863.
It has been established in fifty-two cities; and
there are fourteen hundred and nineteen letter-
carriers in all. So great were the advantages
of the system that the Postmaster General,
in his report of December, 1863, tho first re-
port after its adoption, announced that it had
already increased the receipts twenty-five per
cent. He spoke of the great advantages
resulting from it in England and elsewhere.
•It has increased the facilities for commercial
and social intercourse, for manufacturing,
mechanical, and every other business, and has
proved to be a real boin to the people—a
blessing which perhaps only those residing in
the cities where it is in operation fully realize.
So in fact the gentleman [Mr. Palmer]
seems to think, for he says this system is
demanded by other cities; and I tell him there
is nothing now in the law to prevent its being
extended to them if the Postmaster General so
directs. But let ns reach the pith of the
case. Can the gentleman tell me what is the
salary of the letter-carriers? I would like to
hear him upon that point.
Mr. PALMER. The salary of the letter-
carriers is graded in this way: in a certain
grade of cities the salary is $600; in another
grade of cities or for another grade of services
it is $800; and for another grade of services
it is $1,000
Mr. L. MYERS. The gentleman is mis-
taken. I have before me the provisions of law
on this subject. The fact is that the wrong
done to the Government is in continually trav-
eling in the ruts of usage. Because we make
appropriations one year in a particular way,
the Committee on Appropriations finds it
easiest to go on year after year in the same
rut. There is no fixed salary for letter-
carriers ; and that is the main objection to
the present system. The pay of the letter-
carriers is optional with the Postmaster Gen-
eral ; it does not depend on the population of
the cities.
The act of 1863 provided that the salary of
these carriers should not exceed $800 (the
Postmaster General fixed it where he pleased
at $600;) but that on satisfactory evidence
of diligence, fidelity, and experience, he might
increase it to $1,000. The pay is thus en-
tirely optional with liim. True, the act of
1865 provided that tho free-delivery system
should be established in every city contain-
ing a population of fifty thousand inhabitants
within the delivery of the office, leaving it
still optional with the Postmaster General in
towns of less population. The great objec-
tion now, I repeat it, is that these men can
get no fixed salary; aud although the law at
present fixes tho maximum at $1,000, not one
half the letter-carriers of the United States
receive that amount. Let us, however, see
whether any letter-carrier receives the max-
imum intended by Congress. No sir, not one!
By act July 27, 1868, the Postmaster Geneial
was authorized to prescribe a uniform dres3 to
be worn by the letter-carriers at the several
free-delivery offices. That dress, comprising
a winter and a summer uniform, costs at tho
least, seventy-five dollars. Congress when
passing the law never contemplated that the
expense of this uniform should be deducted
from the pay of the letter-carriers; yet it is
deducted, so that when they are nominally
allowed $1,000, the highest pay named, sev-
enty-five dollars is deducted for uniforms.
Mr. Chairman, that act, if it had the mean-
ing which the several Postmasters General
have affixed to it, ought to have been enti-
tled "An act to take seventy-five dollars from
each one of the hard-working and poorly-paid
letter-carriers." That should have been its
designation, and then it would have stated the
truth. So much, then, for this law. I do not
want to go over in detail all that these men
are called upon to do. They work from twelve
to fourteen hours every day. It is a crime in
the view of some gentlemen to increase - their
pay. I do not say it is wrong to pay the
clerks in the several Departments here from
$1,200 upward. They earn what they receive.
