4234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
that many a linman life is sacrificed through
the avarice of railroad companies and steam-
boat companies who fail to provide the proper
accommodations for travelers upon their lines.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I have been
more surprised at this long discussion than at
any debate I have listened to for a long time.
We have spent four hours upon a bill intended
to be humane toward the brute creation, a
bill to save the health and the lives of tens of
thousands of our people who are now compelled
to eat the meat of diseased and bruised an-
imals. This is not a bill altogether for the
animals. There are thousands of cattle and
swine that arrive on the Atlantic coast that
are hardly fit. for the dogs to eat when they
get there. This bill is intended to take care
of our poople as well as of animals. It is a
bill that concerns health, and especially the
health of the poor people in the cities. It is a
bill that concerns the health and lives of the
people that eat the meat of animals that arrive
at their destination in such a condition that
they ought to be killed and put under ground
instead of being dressed and put into the mar-
kets. And here we have spent four hours
upon constitutional power, and Senators who
have discussed that question propose another
question separate and distinct, one in which I
entirely concur with them in the necessity of
legislation, and am ready to go for it.
But why embarrtws this bill? Why defeat
this bill at this session? Why not adopt this
bill, and then introduce the oilier measure?
J assure the Senator from California he Hhall
have my vote for any properly diawn hill on
that subject. But why, in Heaven's name,
continue this practice? The brute creation
has endured unfold agonies, imd thousands
of people have been compelled to eat the unfit
meat brought to Iho market through this sys-
tem that has prevailed for so many years. 1
vote for the bill for the dumb animal, and J
vote for it for the people,.especially tbu poor
of our Atlantic cities and towns.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to rescind the
vote by which we agreed t.o lake a recess at
half past four o'clock. I think if we are to
ait. this bill out we had better sit it out before
dinner.
Mr. COLE. The recess is ordered for five
o'clock.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think we had bettor
not take a recess until we pahs this bill.
Mr. COLK. I hope the order will not be
rescinded.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 am willing to sit here
until twelve o'clock.
Mr. CASSERLY. Is the motion to rescind
debatable?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) As the original prop-
osition is not debatable, the Chair holds that
Ihe motion to rescind the order is also not de-
batable. The question is on the motion of
the Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 suggest to the Senator
from Hliode Isluud that several Senators have
gone away relying upon the recess being
taken.
Mr. ANTHONY. They will be back at
half past seven. There is no sort of prospect
of our getting through with the bill before
that time. There will be no practical incon-
venience.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Is the motion in order
if there be objection to it.'!
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
holds that it is in order inasmuch as the ori-
ginal motion itself is in Older at any stage,
under the new rule. The Chair holds the
motion to rescind is within the same rules and
usages as the original motion.
Mr. CASS DULY. I beg leave respectfully
to differ with that, ruling of the Chair. The
rule, which w;is drawn by the Senator who is
now in the Chair, speaks only of a motion for
a recess, not of a motion to rescind a recess.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
decides that a motion to rewind an order for
a recess falls within the equity, as the lawyers
say, of a motion for a recess, and therefore
holds that the motion of the Senator from
Rhode Island is in order and is not debatable.
Mr. CASSERLY. I take an appeal respect-
fully from the decision.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California appeals from the decision
of (he Chair, and the question is, "Shall the
decision of the Chair ataud as the judgment
of the Senate?"
The decision of the Chair was sustained.
The PKESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Rhode Island to rescind the order for a recess.
Mr. CASSERLY called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I suggest to the Sen-
ator from ltbode Island to withdraw his motion
for the present. We may be able to get this
vote before live o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Rhode island to rescind the order for a recess.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 18; as follows:
"YEAS—Mossvr. Ame?, Anthony, Boroman, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Clavton. ConkliiiK, Or;urin, Ed-
munds, iManagan, Frelinghuysei), Howe, Morrill of
Maine. Mot rill ui Yciuioiil, Pratt, Rnmsoy, Sstwyer,
Kuott.Whm'nuui, Stcwsu-t, West, arid Wilpou—2-.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Cnsserly, Oole,Cooper, Ham-
ilton otToxa;;, Harlan, llitl, Kelly, Norwood,Unborn,
I'omeroy, Random, Rico, RoburUiuii, Sohuiz, Stock-
ton, Thunmui, nod Vickcrs—18,
AISSKN'f—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Brown low,
(Umoion, Carpenter, Chandler, Corbott, Davis of
Kentucky, Dovis of Wo.-'t Virginia, J'Voton, J'\:rry
of Connecticut,. Ferry of Micliifrnn, Gilbert, (lold-
thwairo, llu.nnlt.on ot Maryland, iJamlin, Hitchcock,
Johnston, KcIIokk, Lewis, Lokiiii, Morton, Nyu,
1'ittl.ersun, Pool, H;uil.sbury, Snonocr. Simiyruc, Ste-
venson, humnor, Tipton, Trumbull, Wiiiuom, and
Wright—o4.
So tbe order for a recess was rescinded.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment to the bill, pro-
posed by the Senator from California, [Mr.
Casskiu.y.]
Mr. CASSERLY. I take advantage of the
pendency of that amendment to say what 1
was not allowed to say awhile ago. 1 do not
understand the precise motive for moving to
rescind the rccess so suddenly. If the object
was to force a speedy termination of this
debate it was unnecessary for that purpose, so
far as I know anything about it. I think the
debute would have come to an end of itself
by this time if the motion to rescind bad not
been made. I submit, to Senators engaged
in that, pioceediug whether it is in precisely
Ihe proper spirit so to treat a bill of this im-
portance, whether it is exactly right because
a hill like this has provoked considerable
debate to suddenly rescind a recess ordered
but a few moments before.
Why, Mr. President, this bill is a new
departure in the policy of this Government.
Il is Ihe first time that Congress has under-
taken to deal with that mighty problem
whether the transportation of property upon
railroads forming hnks in communication be-
tween State and State is commerce within the
meaning of the Constitution, in the first place,
and whether, in the next place, it is politic for
Congress to assume the exercise of that power.
It is one of the greatest questions that have
ever arisen in this body. I have heard Sen-
ators, aud leading Senators here, who did not
doubt the congressional power, declare, with
an earnestness and au emphasis that I never
can forget, that they shrank from the conse-
quences of exercising it.
Now, sir, because a bill of that magnitude
has been discussed somewhat, certainly not
immoderately and in no factious spirit,, the ma-
jority here are disposed in some way or other
either to force a termination of the debate
before its natural end, or perhaps to punish
the Senators who have discussed this bill upon
this side of the Chamber by compelling us
" to sit it out." I say "perhaps;" I do not
say certainly, and I would rather not believe
that either purpose prompted the movement.
In fact I prefer to decline to assign any pur-
pose for the movement.
Mr. ANTHONY. If my friend yields to
me, will he allow me to explain my reasons
for making the motion ?
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly. I am always
ready to hear the Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. ANTHONY. I did not expect to weary
Senators out. My object in making the motion
was that we might have time to continue the
debate. There was a disposition on the part
of the Senate to continue this debate, and it
was apparent to me that the debate would run
on for several hours. I thought it better that
we should have it now than postpone it until
evening, because we are periling an appropri-
ation bill, without which there must be an
extra session of Congress. Now, my honest
desire is that we may pass the appropriation
bills, so that on Monday the session of Con-
gress shall terminate. This motion I made
was iu the interest of what I thought my friend
from California sympathized with me in, to
terminate the session at the time we have
agreed upon; for, certainly, if we should take
a recess at five o'clock and come back here
at half past seven refreshed, and continue this
discussion uutil night, and then be without a
quorum, as we were last night, the bill would
be left as the unfinished business and regular
order for to-morrow, and away goes tbe appro-
priation bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am glad to hear the
Senator say that he is in favor of adjourning
on Monday, and in favor of disposing of the
appropriation bills with a view to such adjourn-
ment. It is neither my privilege nor my wish
over to criticise anything that Senator does
or says. The respect I have for everything he
does or says, even when I least agree with
him, would restrain me from that. But I am
obliged to call the attention of tbe Senator to
one or two points, so that it shall appear in
what respect he and I differ in our practical
conduct m the Senate with regard to the mat-
ter of an early adjournment and au early dis-
position of the appropriation bills to that end.
There have been since this bill was got be-
fore the Senate last night three or four limes
motions made to lay it on the table or post-
pone it with tbe known object of permitting
ray colleague to call up and go on with Ihe
appropriation bills. For every one of those
motions 1 voted, and the gentlemen acting
with me in the minority in this body voted
likewise. Now, unless I am mistaken, the Sen-
ator from Rhode island voted against every
one of those motions, aud the Senator from
Rhode Island virtually voted to bring up aud
to keep up this bill, to keep it. on foot before
the Senate, which he saw was leading to a
debate that, as be has just informed us, he
believed would occupy three or four hours
longer. The difference between tbe Senator
and myself is——
Mr. llAMSEY. I should like to ask the
Senator from California to yield to me a mo-
ment to ask a favor of the Senate. It is
this: that by unanimous consent tbe evening
be assigned to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads for the consideration of the
routine business they have.
Mr. CASSERLY. I object to unanimous
consent for any such purpose. I want the
appropriation bills disposed of first.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator from
California yield to me to offer an amendment?
Mr. CASSERLY. I would rather go on.
The difference between the Senatorfrom Rhode
Island and myself is, that be is for an early
adjournment, and he wants to bring up and
keep before the Senate a bill which is con-
suming precious time that belongs to my col-
