650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
a coat of domestic cloth for the purpose of
giving a practical illustration of his views on
the subjectof protection to American industry.
He supports the doctrine of the first tariff act
passed July 4, 1789, which declared—
" It is necessary for the support of the Govern-
ment, for the discharge of the debts of the United
States, and the encouragement and protection of
manufactures, that duties be laid on goods, wares,
and merchandise imported."
The same doctrine was elucidated by that
eminent statesman, Hamilton, in his great
report on manufactures in 1791; by Jefferson,
by Madison, and Monroe. It has been sig-
nally illustrated in the policy of protection to
our fisheries, as for more than half a century
we have given a bounty to fishermen of from
forty-four to three hundred and sixty dollars,
according to the size of the vessel, for the
fishing season of four months' service, and
to-day the duty on salt used in pickling fish
for exportation is remitted.
Even the Tammany Society, in its younger
and purer days, before it permitted itself to
be ruled by robbers, was in favor of a pro-
tective tariff. On the 11th of October, 1819,
that society passed the following resolutions:
" Resolved, That as friends to ourcountry, we rec-
ommend to our brethren, of the differout societies of
Tammany or Columbian order, the necessity as well
as moral duty to our country, ourselves, and pos-
terity, of refraining from every species of useless
extravagance in our mode of living, especially in
furniture, dress, tho table, ostentatious equipage,
and expensive amusements.
" Resolved, That we will discountenance the im-
portation and use in our families of every species of
foreign manufacture or production whioh can or
may bereasonably substituted by tho fabrics or pro-
ductions of the United States.
" Heeolved, That as ' economy is wealth,' wo seri-
ously recommend to our brethren throughout tho
"United States a strict and rigid observance of this
great moral duty in their families and social inter-
course."
The first resolution concerning extravagance
seems to have been overlooked or disregarded
by the grand sachem of Tammany, Tweed, or
he would have been more moderate in tho
magnitude of his diamonds and the splendor
of his mansions, studs of horses, and " palatial
stables," paid for out of the money stolen
from the abused tax-payers over whom he
ruled; and the second and third are equally
ignored by the other leaders of the order.
When General Jackson was in the United
States Senate he voted against the reduction
of the duty on iron, on cotton and woolen
goods, and cotton bagging, and was an acknowl-
edged advocate of protection. In his letter
of April 20, 1824, to Dr. Coleman, an avowed
free-trader, he defines his position as follows:
"You ask mo my opinion on the tariff. I answer
that I am in favor ot a judicious examination and
revision of it; and so far as tho tariff before us em-
braces the design of lostenng, protecting, and pre-
serving within ourselves the mi'.ms of national
defense and indopendonco, particularly in a stato of
war, X would advocate and support it."
"Heaven smiled upon us and gave us liberty and
independence. That sarno Providence has blessed
us with the moans of national independence and
national dci'onse. If we omit or refuse to use the
gifts which He has extended to us, wo deservo not
the continuation of His blessings, He has filled our
mountains aud ourplains with minerals — with lead,
iron, and copper—and given us a climate aud soil for
the growing of hemp and wool. Theso being the
grand materials of our national defense, they ought
to have extended to thorn adequate and fair protec-
tion. that our manufactories and laborers may be
placed on a fair competition with those of Europe,
and that we may have within our country a supply
of thoao leading and important articles so essential
to war. Beyond this X look a.t the tariff with an eye
to the proper distribution of labor and revenue, and
with a view to discharge our national debt. I am
one oi those who do not believe that a national debt
is a national blessing, but rather a curse to a repub-
lic, inasmuch as it is calculated to raise around the
Administration a moneyed aristocracy dangerous to
the liberties of tho country.
This tariff, I mean a judicious one, possesses
more .fanciful than real dangers. Where has the
American iarmer a marketfor his surplus products ?
itxeept ior cotton he has neither a foreign nor a
home market. Does notthis clearly provethatwhen
there is no market either at home or abroad, that
there is too much labor employed in agriculture
and that the channels of labor should be multiplied ?
Common sense points out at once the remedy. Draw
from agriculture the superabundant labor, employ
it in mechanism and manufactures, thereby creat-
ing a home market for your breadstuffs and dis-
tributing labor to a most profitable account, and
benefits to the country will result. Take from agri-
culture in the United States six hundred thousand
men, women, and children, and you at once give a
home market for more breadstuffs than all Europe
now furnishes us. In short, sir, we have been too
long subject to the policy of the British merchants.
It is time we should beoome a little more American-
ized, and instead of feeding the paupers and laborers
of Europe, feed our own, or else in a short time, by
continuing our present policy, we shall all be paupers
ourselves. It is therefore my opinion that acareful
tariff is much wanted to pay our national debt, and
afford us the meansof that defense within ourselves
on which the safety and liberty of our country
depend, and last, though not least, give a proper
distribution to our labor, which must prove bene-
ficial to tho happiness, independence, and wealth
of the community."
How clearly he thus states the principle of
protection! Thus, too, in subsequent times,
Clay, Webster, and a host of the best states-
men of the country, have been in favor of a
policy which shall give adequate protection to
American industry. General Grant, in his last
message, in speaking of a prospective adjust-
ment of the tariff, says that any reduction of
duties should be first made on those articles
we do not produce, and if further reduction
be necessary, then " on those articles which
can best bear it without disturbing home pro-
duction or reducing the wages of American
labor."
The men of Pennsylvania are charged with
legislating for their mere sectional interests
and against the interests of the people. They
deny the allegation, and turn to the records of
Congress to show that they take a wider view
of the national interests and of their duties to
the nation. They have given their support to
the great West in pushing forward its vast
lines of railroads and other internal improve-
ments. They aid in fostering the hemp and
iron interests of Kentucky, Missouri, Tennes-
see, and elsewhere, as fully as their own.
They extend a helping hand to the encourage-
ment and protection of the cotton and sngar
business of the South and Southwest, and the
woolen and cotton manufactures of New Eng-
land.
The great principle upon which they base
themselves is, that the nation's industry must
be defended by national legislation against the
encroachments and attacks of foreign policies.
They hold the doctrine that allegiance of the
citizen and protection by the Government are
reciprocal duties; that the men of the nation
who pay the taxes for the support of the Gov-
ernment and to aid in the liquidation of the
national debt, and who with strong arms and
stout hearts defend the country against inva-
sion or rebellion, are entitled to the greatest
benefits that can be conferred by national
legislation; that it is the duty of the Govern-
ment to afford the people of the country the
opportunity of doing the work of the country
with a prospect of reaping for such labor its
just reward. They hold that ''while a single
man who wishes to work is deprived of that
opportunity by Government legislating to give
a preference to the foreign laborer, the Govern -
ment has failed to do its duty to the citizen."
They hold that free trade means American
competition with ill-paid foreigneis; that it
means uncertain employment, low wages, and
scant comforts for the workman and his family :
that it means enforced service of women and
children in men's employment, lack of educa-
tion, mental and physical degradation, and an
absence of all the ennobling impulses that make
the laborer a good and Valuable member of
society.
On the other hand, they hold that protec-
tion means steady employment for the laborer,
artisan, and mechanic, at good wages ; that
it means comfortable homes, well-furnished
tables, schools and education for children,
lyceums, reading-rooms, and churches, aud a
diffusion of such intelligence among the masses
as will constitute an enlightened, prosperous,
contented, and happy people. They know that
it will keep in wholesome activity the furnaces,
forges, rolling-mills, and manufactories of the
nation, and establish on the Hudson and the
Delaware ship-yards that will furnish vessels
that will carry all the commerce of the Union.
Such are the views and principles of the
Representatives of Pennsylvania. In all the
duties of a loyal State Pennsylvania has ever
been equal to the emergency. In her chief
city was proclaimed the great Declaration
which established the equality of men. The
old bell in Independence Hall, which bears the
legend, " Proclaim liberty throughout all the
land, and to all the inhabitants thereof," is
still preserved with patriotic care to attest the
fact that the liberty it thus proclaimed in 1776
has extended itself from a small confedera-
tion of thirteen colonies to thirty-seven inde-
pendent States. Her sons have been among
the foremost in defense of national rights and
national honor, and in the wars with England
and with Mexico manifested their devotion
to the Union on the battle-field. When the
specter of disunion reared its horrid crest, and
a misguided portion of the Republic raised a
rebellious arm against the integrity of the
Union, her patriotic children were the very
first that hastened to the defense of the na-
tional capital. Some of them stood in the
ranks on every battle-field from the Potomac
to the Red river; others suffered in every
prison from the Libby and Belle Isle to Ander-
sonville and Millen, while the bones of others
rest beneath their native sod. the long-suf-
fering victims of the cruelty of men who dis-
regarded all the rules of civilized warfare.
Her brave Reynolds gave up his life in de-
fense of his native State when her soil was
invaded, and her gallant Meade and his brave
compeers in arms, assisted by no less gallant
soldiers from other States, successfully hurled
back on itself the tide of rebellion from the
heights of Gettysburg, saying to it in the
impressive language of Scripture, "Hitherto
shalt thou come but no further, and here shall
thy proud waves be stayed." With such prin-
ciples and acts as I have claimed for Pennsyl-
vania, all tending to the benefit of the whole
and not for the aggrandizement of the few,
and with her patriotic record full in the eye
of the world, the people of that State can
afford to let the denunciations cast 'at them
by gentlemen of free-trade proclivities pass
without exciting in them any other feelings
than those of indifference, conscious that they
have endeavored to adopt the advice of Wolsey
to his servant, Cromwell:
"Be just, and fearnot.
Let all the ends thou aim'st at be thy country's,
Ihy God's, and truth's;"
and that the policy they endeavor to establish
on a sure foundation will eventually be the
settled policy of the Government, which, while
inuring to the benefit of the individual man, at
the same time promotes the welfare and pros-
perity of the whole people of the nation.
PUBLIC SCHOOLS IN DISTRICT Or COLUMBIA.
Mr. CHIPMAN. Mr. Speaker, for the first
time in the history of our Government, the
people of the District of Columbia are per-
mitted to make known their wants to the coun-
try through a representative chosen by them-
selves. There are many questions, of vital
interest to the people whom I represent, which
I hope to bring to the attention of Congress
for favorable action, and at the proper time I
shall address myself to them.
It has not seemed to me that Congress has
in late years comprehended the true relations
which the District of Columbia bears to the
nation. While Congress has fostered educa-
tion, internal improvements, and almost every
variety of local. enterprise elsewhere in the
country, the capital has received scarcely any
attention, not even to the extent of providing
for the convenient discharge of public duties
by the officers of Government; while the splen-
did plansand designs which were matured by the
