1872.]
APPENDIX ,T,0 THE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
589
42D GONG....2D SJSS,
Treatment of Prisoners of War — Mr. Shanks.
Ho.'of Reps.
can say there would be the shadow of fair-
ness for the white man in such a trial ? The
natural prejudice of the negro against the
whites, bu.t rqpre especially against the peo-
ple who so recently held them as slaves;
ihe falsehoods and misrepresentations iu re-
gard to their late masters whicjl'i the negroes
have been taught to believe by mean, selfish
demagogues and' carpet-bag politicians who
have sought their votes, render them* at
present at least totally unfit to arbitrate of life
or death in the case of a white man.
The fifth section, which is a mere recapi'u-
lation of the two preceding sections with the
addition of prohibiting the word " white " in
any law, statute, &c., reads as follows :
That every discrimination against any citizen on
account of color by use of the word "white" in any
law, statute, ordinance, or regulation is hereby
repealed and annulled.'
This last section, more shamelessly than
even the proceeding ones, parades the scheme
of social equaliry f(/r the blacks hnd whites of
the South coutemplated by this bill. lt_ is
intended to annul those State laws on which
eligibility to office is prescribed and inter-
marriage of the races is prohibited 1 It is the.
inauguration of a mixed generation. I have
already referred to the evil consequences
resulting from this license, but the point can-
not be too strongly urged. No one has ever
claimed that the white race would be improved
by admixture with the blacks.
Professor Darwin, the most noted of natural-
ists, and one who has given the subject of the
commingling of races more study_ and atten-
tion than probably any other man, in his work
on the " Origin of Species" has clearly estab-
lished the following tacts : •
" The offsprine of a superior with an inferior ra«e,
other things being eaoal, is sometimes superior to
its inferior parent, but is always inferior to its
superior parent. The offspring of a barbarous with
a civilized human being is likely to draw more
largely from the barbarism of the one than the
civilization of the other, because civilization is to
some extent a habit which is not transmissible as
qualities inherent in our nature. Where one race is
more powerful physically, and the other more re-
fined and more intellectual, the offspring, though
probably not equaling either race in the qualities m
which they excel, will yet be an improvement on
Now the negroes excel in no good qualities. The
white man is his superior in physical strength and
endurance, in industry and morality, and intellectu-
ality. There is no benefit to be derived from the
mingling of tho races, and all men of culture and
discrimination have discouraged it. Jcflerson, in
his work, volume one, page 48, says in regard to the
negroes, 'Send the whole of that population irom
among us and establish them under our patronage
and protection as a separate, free, and independen t
people.' John Quincy Adams in a letter in lSsdsaid,
' It is only as immortal beings that all mankind in
any sonse can be said to be equal."
I might quote similar expressions from hun
dreds of the best men of our country; but. it
is unnecessary. The advocates of thid in-
famous measure cannot dispute tho point. I
am so fully convinced that this bill is a mere
scheme of party aggrandizement intended^ to
consolidate the negro vote with the Radical
party, and to still further strengthen the
power of the central government, that if I
could demonstrate beyond the possibility of a
doubt that the passage of this measure would
ruin the whole race in the South, subvert our
system of gover'iiupept, and overturn and de-
stroy the beautiful temple of liberty, the result
of the life's labor of our ancestors, the party
in power would still persist ip carrying out
this fanatical scheme o"f social equality.
I have attempted to briefly portray the in-
iquitous features and great hardships that this
measure, will inflict upon the white people of
the.southern States, yet I fear, sir, that the ma-
jority of this House, blinded by fanatical love
for the negro and a persistent hatred of the
w^ite population of the South, will not desist
from inflicting this outrage. .
If this bill becomes a law, and can be en-
forced, it will destroy the system of sehools
in many of the States. The children of the
poor, who ar.e dependent on the comnioQ
schools, for their education, will grow up in
ignorance ; crime will increase, industry will
be paralyzed, chaos will reign, and you wiil
have accomplished by this iniquitous, legal
enactment what you failed to do with, the
siword, the destruction and uprooting of society
in the South.
Treatment of Prisoners of War.
SPEECH OF HON. JO EN P. C. SHANKS,
OF INDIANA,
In the Hocse of Representatives,
June 8, 1872,
On the joint resolution authorising the President to
open negotiations with all civilised nations in
reference to captives in war.
Mr. SHANKS. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
address the House on the subject of the treat-
ment of prisoners of war, with a view to the
abolition of the practice of retaining prisoners
of war, which has1 long since been passed in
the progress of a better Christian civilization
and by. our, generous free form of government,
and should be by the conventions of nations
generously and with one accord abandoned
and prohibited as a relic of the past and a type
of that age which we have largely exceeded in
many of the humanizing practices of society,
and should in this one.
I bad the honor to introduce, and was most
happy to see passed by this House, the follow-
ing joint resolution as a precursor to this great
work of civil progress :
" Resolved by the Senate and Bowse of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress as-
sembled, That the President be, and he is hereby,
authorized and requested to open friendly corre-
spondence and negotiations with any or ail civilized
nations with the view to procure the adoption in the
laws of nations Of a provision that captives in war
shall not be personally retained as prisoners, but
shall, under flags of truce, be returned at the earliest
possible time to their own lines or vessels, and
paroled until properly exchanged, so that the books
of the commissioners of exchange of the respective
belligerents shall determine the relative advantages
in captives, and thus the horrors and sacrifices of
prison life be prevented."
Iu times of peace a people may seem to be
what they are not, but in the trials,_ excite-
ments, and struggles of war, the passions run
riot unless controlled by a high and intelligent
sense of justice. We can perhaps discover
what we are naturally by examining the con-
duct of men not controlled by the rules of
civilized or enlightened society. However
just the laws of nature, both in their authen-
ticity and purpose, may be, the history of man
in his primitive state proves that he is an utter
stranger to them. We see that those who live
in a state of nature violate without hesitation
every law ofthe decalogue, and sink in barbaric
customs every principle of public law. It is
only after long experience and slow progress
that societies are benefited by the adoption
of new, useful, and just ideas and practices in
their social, religious, and political progress.
Turning now to the history of savage warfare
and habits, and the treatment of prisoners of
war by savage nations and tribes, we find that
the ancient Tartars had a custom that when &
man died his son assembled all his kindred,
and they ate the corpse together. The people
of Thibet ate the corpses of their parents, not
(rota necessity but from pity, not desiring to
put them in the tomb, and as late as 1253 they
made drinking-cups of their skulls. ^ The
Africans are said to have fed, ordinarily, on
the dead bodies of their friends, while the
Floridans, Mexicans, and Caribs ground the
bodies of their dead relations to powder and
mixed it with their drink. In India,, the living
husband or wife was buried with their deceased
companions, the survivors esteeming it a point
of honor to be thus sacrificed. The Arabs,
Tartiars, and other nations Subsisted by pillag-
ing and the robbery of travelers who, chanced
to pass through their country. The Malays
are nearly all pirates: and it iij said that among
the ancient G,reeks it was not a reproach to the
people to be asked if they were pirates. When-
Captain Cook presented the Indian at Dusky
Bay, New Zealand, with a hatchet a d asked
him what he would do with it, lie.said that he
wQuld go,anc|,kiU meya.
The king of Benin murders numbers of his
subjects on his ascension to the throne., as an
evidence of his worth and power? .
The Guages, a people of Africa,, when going
to war ele&t a commanding officer and present
him with a hatchet, with which he is expected
to kill at one blow a youth whom- they present
to him for that purpose, as a proof of bis ex-
fpcted prowess ifi arms. Among the ancient
lexicans, if a mother died while suckling,
they killed the child to prevent its becoming
an orphan, formerly, iu Bengal, if an infant
refused ^he, breast, it was exposed on a tree in.
the woods to the birds and insects for one,
two, or three days, and if it still refused was
thrown into the Ganges.
Anciently., the Mexicans. Peruvians, and
other savage nations sacrificed all their pris-
oners of war and offered up human beings to
their idols. The ancient Druids are said to
have indulged in human sacrifices.
Amtomenes, the Messinian, sacrificed three
hundred Spartan prisoners with their king to
Jupiter. Themistocles's wife offered Persian
captives as a sacrifice to obtain success in a
war against tbatpeople. The Brazilians would
not eat their prisoners until they were fat and ■
of a certain age. If , the victim was lean they
fattened him, and to insure his speedy improve-
ment he was allowed every amusement. The
American Indian tomahawked and scalped his
prisoners, or burned them at the stake, and
some roasted and ate their flesh. He some-
times reserved them for servitude, and inducted
them into a life of obedience by compelling
them to run the gauntlet, exposed to the per-
sonal violence and blows ©f the ranks of war-
riors through which they were compelled to
pass.
" By the secret law of the Spartans, the helots or
slaves having become so numerous as to give um-
brage to their masters, it was allowable to thin
them by death, and that in a manner the most mis-
erable, on account of the apprehension of it m which
they ail must have lived. Some of the ablest young
men were dispatched, privately, into the country,
armed with daggers and taking with them a little
necessary provision. These in the day-time nia
themselves in the thickets and clefts, ana in tne
night issued out into the highways andmurderad all
the helots they could light upon. Sometimes, how-
ever, they set upon them in the day-time, while at
work in the fields, and thus in the very act of pro-
curing provisions for their masters. — Ward,, 108.
"Tli e barbarity ofthe Scotch customs of war appears
equal to the Norman, and the general savage char-
acter of a Scottish intasion, more particularly
that of Oavid I, may be compared to the feeytnian
cruelties. The sick and aged were murdered m their
beds, infants at the breast, and priests at the altar.
David, however, was famed for humanity, and tne
only excuse for him is that the received customs ot
the troops he commanded made it useless for him to
forbid what he could not prevent.
"In Italy, which claims to have been the nrst to
emerge from the barbarisms which desolated
Europe, cruelties not lew shocking were otten ex-
ercised. At the close of the twelfth century, Mar-
cualder, seneschal of tho empire, and pretender to
tho regency o-f Sicily, invaded that island^
* * 4. *• buried mest of his prisoners
alive { he burned, the ecclesiastics, .and those
whom he treated with the greatest lenity he threw
into the sea. In 1264, Mainfroy, the natural son
of Frederic XI, making war upon the Pope in las-
cany, punished prelates who fell into his hands by
mutilation and death. On the other side, his rival
and conqueror, Charles ot Anjou, reserved numbers
ofthe prisoners whom he took at the battle of Bene-
ventum for his entry into Naples, where they were
nut to death like common criminals; ib revenge tor
which, and other cruelties, twenty years afterward,
two hundred gentlemen taken by the Sicilians in a
naval battle were beheaded m cool blood by tna
famous Admiral Loria."—Ward, 147.
At the siege of Lisbon, in 1370, theSpaniards
