660
APPEKMX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[J une 8,
Ho. of Reps.
Treatment of Prisoners of War—Mr. 'Shanks.
42d Cons. ...2i>
tore the eyfes out of their prisoners, cot off
their feet and 'hands,- and sent thfera back thus
mutilated to their own countrymen. Just
before the battle of Agraeonrt, in 1415, the
French resolved to cut off the three fingers
from the right hand of every English archer
who should fall into their power. In ancient
times it was not considered ttufair to bold a
prisoner of war as host'agefor- what might be
done by the enemy, or to threaten and' to exer-
cise severity against hito in order to extort
concession from the enemy.
In 1414 Bftomonville, cotamande* of Sois-
sons, having yielded the tbvvn after a vigorous
defense, was taken to Paris knd executed like
a criminal, 1n reveftge for a celebrated com-
mander killed during the siege.
Such are some of tllbexhibitions of savage life
and the treatment of SavageS toward their pris-
oners. In them will be seeh an utter disregard
of the value of human life, an assumption that
all rights and powers belong to the dapt'or, and
that'the lives, liberty, and comfort of his pris-
oners are at his disposal ; that he may take or
subvert them at his own pleasure, and without
the restraint of any code of feither religion or
law. _ v.l. . . ■
■WHAT IS WAR? WHAT A'RE THE DUtIES O-F BKLtfeilJE-
- " 3EM7PS t 1 i - *
Bynkershoek defines war to be •" a contest
earned on, between independent persons by
force or fraud, for the sake of asserting their
rights." Vattel says:
" War is that statoiu which we prosaoute our right
of force."
Which he also says includes— .
"The aot itself, or the maimer of prosecuting our
right by force."
Woolsey tells us:
" War may bo defined to be intqmjptio^i of a
state of poaco for tho purpose of attempting to pro-
Cute gooa or prevent ovll by force."
He farther adds: " ' ' '
"Byjustice, how'evd#; wo intend not justioe objec-
tiv«, but as it appears to a tfasrty concerned, or, at
least, as it is claimed to exist." ,
Nations act on, their oyn jiqdgnieiafc, how-
ever, and geaerally do notsubiovttiieiv causes
to arbitration. There iq no interuatiorvai law
to compel such subnns«ipn, though it in some-
times done upon the friendly interposition of
other Powers, and is growing into practice.
Private wars are not permitted among civ-
ilized nations since the days of chivalry.
Now wg suliaii't the more extended defini-
tions of war. as gathered from Bynkershoek,
who wrote from 1721 to 1748, and of Woolsey,
whose Writings date from 1804';
"I have said that war is a contest. By this word
I have not meant to express merely tho act of fight-
ing, but that state of things which is called war;
for, if the thmg itself be defined with sufhoient ac-
curacy, its incidents will necessarily follow. Thus
jurists have defined slavery, not merely the act by
which freemen are eubjeoted to the xlominion1 of
others, but the very state and condition of servitude.
Grotius hkqself has attended to this distinction in
his definition of war, whioh he borrowed from.
Cicero."-^Bynkershoek's Laid of War, page 1.
" War is also a cop test between independent per-
sons. This applies not only to nations,bnt to indi-
viduals not living in a state of society; for both are
equally independent. Nor can this war between
individuals be called a private war, because the
word 'private' can only be used in com trad iatmetion
to theword 'public,' whicheannotapply wherethere
exists no society .''—Idem* page 2.
But Mr. Woolsey gives us the rule as it hafe
been modified and established under the
enlightening influences of modern civilization :
" The old strict theory in regard to a state of war
was that each and every subject of the ono belliger-
ent is at war with each and every subject of the
other.
" Now, as it was also a received rule that the per-
sons and goods of my enemy belong to me if I can
seize them, there was no end to the amount of suf-
fering which might be inflicted on the innocent
inhabitants of a'country within the regular opera-
tions of war. It is needless to say that no Christian
btate acts on such a theory, nor did. the Greeks and
Romans generally carry it out in practice to its
extreme rigor."— Wooh'ey's International Law, page
19U, section 117.
The eminent American jurist. Chancellor
Kent, has given the following brief review of
the question we are considering:
' "There is no limitation to the career of Violence
arid destruction, if we follow the earlier tfrifeers oh
tfcis subject, who have paid too much deference to
the violent maxims and practices of the ancients
ahd the usages of theGbthic ages. They have con-
sidered a stat& of war as a dissolution' of'ail mo>r&V
ties, an<L a liqensefor every kiqd of flisorder aa&
intemperate fierceness. An enemy was^pgarded i^a
a criminal and an outlaw, who had lorreitVa alt 'hi3
rights, and whose- life, -kberty, and -proporty lay at
the mercy of tho conqueror. Everything done against
an endtdy Was hel<f to be lawful. He •&igiit,'be de-
stroyed, though unarmed and defenseless. Fraud
might be employed as well as force, aa& force with-:
out hny regard 'to the means. ButHlrese tfoibaroas
rights of war have been ctueationed and cheeked in
the progress of civilization. Public opinion, as it
becomes enlightened and refined, condeinnfe all
cruelty and all wanton destruction of life and prop-
erty as equallyuseless ahdirfjurious; and itcontrols
tho violence of war by the energy and severity ot
its reproaches.
" Grotius, even m opposition to many of his own
authorities, and under a due sense of tho obligations
of religion and humanity, placed bounds to the rav-
ages of war, and mentioned that many'things were
not fi<t and commendable though they might be
strictly lawful; and that the law of nature forbade
what the Jaw of nations (meaning thereby the prac-
tice of nations) tolerated. Hefte.ld that the law of
nations prohibited tho use of poisoned acmsor ,th^
employment of assassins, or yiolen-ee to women, or
to the dtaid/or making slave's o'f prisoners ; and the
moderation whioh homoutoated had a visible influx
unco u$on the sentiments and mannerp of JSurope.,
Under the sanction of hisgreatautliority men began
£o entertain more enlarged Views of national policy,
and to consider a mild aiid' temp orate exorcise of
tho«rights of war to be (he.tated by aa enlightened
scl^interest, as well as by the prccop^s Qf 'Chris-
tianity. '
"And notwithstanding some subsequent writers,
as Bynkorsbook and Wolfiqst restored war to all its
horrors by allowing tho uso oi poison and other illicit
arm?, yet such rules becamc abhorrent to the culti-
vated reason and growing humanity of tho Christian
nation^. Montc-quieu insisted thatthe laws of war
gave no other power over a captive than to keep
him safely, and that all unnecessary rigor was con-
demned by tho reason and conscience of mankind.
Ruthorford has spoken to the same effect, and Mar-
tens enumerates several modes of war and species
of arms as beinjr now held unlawful by tho laws of
war* Vattel has entered largely into the subject,
and he argues with great streugth of reason and
eloquence -against all unnecessary cruelty, all base
revenge, and all mean and perfidious Warfare; and
be recommends his benevolent doctrines by the pre-
cepts of exalted ethics and sound policy, and by
illustrations drawn from some ot the most pathetic
and illustrious examples."—Kcni'n Commentaries,
volume I, page 8o, dneqv
" It is obvious that to caiig© unnecessary suffering
is hs much a crime during war as during peace.
Neither the abseneeof human jurisdiction nhrfche
preoedontsof former outrage at all affect the wrong*
illness of usclevss violence m war. If the former
wore an cxcuso, il would make legal conviction the
measure Of right, and the latter would, unfortu-
nately, supply a roason for the commission of almost
every enormity. If the great purposes of justice be-
tween nations cannot bo preserved from violation
without hostilities, reeourse to war is justified, and
such a degree of slaughter and violence as is insep-
arable from that condition and indispensable to
attain tho end of war is innocent in the injured,
though it attaches a grievous responsibility to the
aggressor who occasions suob destruction and suffer-
ing. To such an extont violence is justifiable; but
every commission beyond this is a crime, and, as
such, is forbidden by the law of nations. ITor the
law of nature, as derived fiom human reason, and
corroborated bj^ inferences from divine revelation.*
allows no suffering to be inflicted but for tho attain-
ment of some just purpose, and only: justifies such
an extent of infliction, as the circumstances of tho
case rendered imperative and indispensable."—
Manning, page 149.
CtVIJj WAR OR REBELLION—CONSEQUENCES TO SLA-
VERY.
Having thus briefly called attention to what
wat* is in its more general ar> d comprehensive
sense, as a contest between independent na-
tions, and the general duties and responsibilU
ties which its existence imposes'&n belligerents,
we now direct s more special investigation to
civil "war, rebellion, or revolt. And h-er&
we shall find fully and distinctly Tfecognized
the rule that the' humanity of the law, and'
those moral attributes which civilized life
and association develop into activity, are
not to be ignored or disregarded even in a
state of civil war. On tire other hand, it will
be seen that the law of humanity is binding
here, and that it is illustrated in the case of
prisoners captured in civil war or rebellion,
who are entitled to the same considerations
and rights, to the same treatment and protec-
tion as if the contest were between independ-
ent nations. Mr. Woolsey has very carefully
Set out the relations to which we refer as they
are to-day recognized by the law of nations,
tyhiFe he has in, the same connection consid-
ered the effect of war on thfe status of slavery.
' 'Attention tasked to his 6'omrnents, which
dre inserted' here at considerable length. He
" We have thus far contemplated and wars between
States? but there may also be intestine or internal
watsi-Wafrs with hordes x>f savages or with nations
nqt governed by oi*r international oedo, and wars
with pirntes.
"By internal Wars we intend movements more
serious and lasting than sedition, wa&ed by por-
tions of the people of a country against one another—
including m the term country, the complex body of
a nation and its colonies or other dependences. In
some cases the. connection with dependencies may
be so remote th'at the war may almost be cafled a
foreign one.
" A civil war is one id which the opposing partks
are distributed over the territory, while a war in
which they are localized may be called a' rebellion,
insurrection, or revolt. *
4> A civil war, again, does not aim at the destruction
of unity, but rather at some changc of government,
constitution, or lJiws, while the other may aim at
sundering parts before united,'
"With internal wars international law comes
into contact, so far as the laws of war, that is, of
humanity and natural justice,, are concorncd, and
also in the bearings of the war upon the interests
Mi,d rights of foreigjj States—a point to be consid-
ered in the sequel.
, " In every State t"hete are laws against resis'tanoe
tb tho authority of the Government-defining sedi-
tion, treason;, and th$ like, and puaishmg in person
or property, or both.
*' When an internal war breaks out the Govern-
ment must determine whether the municipal or
tho international code, in whele or in part, shall be
ad opted.
"In general, the relation of the pnrties might to
be nearly those of ordinary war, which humanity
demands, and will be, because otherwise the law oi
retaliation will be applied.
"Municipal law may be enforced with less evil
in the way of pecuniary than of personal penalties.
Pines or confiscation may be efficacious in stiength-
ening the Government and delivering from rebel-
lion. If slaves, as among us, form part of the prop-
erty of tho rebels, since slavery is local and the law
of nations knows no such thing, the advancing
military p.ower of the Government may set them
free, and use or protect them; and, indeed, if force
overthrows the .local laws on which slavery rests,
they becomo free of course.
"The same rules of war are required in such a war
as any other; the same ways of fighting, the samo
treatment of prisoners, of combatants, of non-com-
batants, and of private property by tho army whero
it passes. So, also, naturaljustice demands the same
veracity and faithfulness which are binding in the
intercourse of all moral beings.
"Nations thus treating rebelsby no means concede
thereby that they form a State, or that they are dc
facto such. There is a difference between belliger-
ents and belligerent States, which has been too much
overlooked-
"When a war ends to the disadvantage of the
insurgents, municipal law may clinch the nail which
war has driven; may hang, after legal procbss,
instead of shooting, and confiscate the wnole instead
of plundering part. But a wise and oiv-ilized nation
will exercise only so much of this legal vengeance
as the interests of lasting order imperiously de-
mand."— WnfihiA>ti'a fnt.fi/rnfit.innnl T.ain "731.
Vfoolvey's International Law, 23L
These authorities will be sufficient to illus-
trate the established rules of reason and
humanity which prevail in modern times in
the conduct ot' national wars, and their appli-
cability to civil war and rebellion, showing
the identity in both cases. Let us now fol-
fbw our inquiries into the subject of treatment
of prisouers captured in w&f,
FOW15K OYER PRISONERS AFTER CAPTURE OR SURRBN-
1>ER—POWER OVER THE LIFE OP THE PRISONER.
-Prom an examination Of the writers,,both
of ancient and modern times, upon this ques-
tion of the right of the captor over the lives
and welfare of his prisoners, we deduce the
following conclusions. That in early times
this power was absolute and unrestrained, not
governed in fact by any rules, but merely by
the caprice, discretion, orprudenceof the cap-
tors. In modern times, however; rules have
been established, founded upon principles of
humanity justly due to the advance of civiliza-
tion, the violation of which cannot fail to stig
