852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
school population than we,with more than
double our property valuation, while Balti-
more, with but little more school population,
has four times our property valuation. This
showing would seem to acquit the District from
any charge ofiliiberality in taxing her citizens
in support of schools. But we have reached
the limit of our capabilities. Our school tax:
now is over one third of the whole tax upon
real property.
These are some of the facts, Mr. Speaker,
necessary to be considered in connection with
the argument. And, sir, it must not be over-
looked that the District of Columbia cannot
hope to rival in solid wealth the other lead-
ing cities of the Union; her population, in
the nature of things, must always be largely
in excess of her wealth, as compared with other
cities, and hence we cannot look forward to
that wealth which constitutes the basis of tax-
ation. But in support of the bill I submit
further:
1. ThattheGeneral Government should assist
in the support of our public schools, for the
reason that a large per cent, of the children
here are the children of parents in the service
of the Government, whose domicile is else-
where, whose property interests are elsewhere,
and who, in mostcases, pay no taxes in support
of our schools. Professor Barnard, in his
special report to Congress while Commissioner
of Education, placed this per cent, as high as
fifty. In the report of his successor, Mr.
Eaton, for 1870, the per cent, is put about one
third. In the report of our superintendent
of schools, Mr. Wilson, he estimates this per
cent, at twenty-eight. It may safely bo assumed
as twenty-five per cent.
My point is, that these children should be
educated, and that the whole of the burden
should not fall upon the tax-payers of the Dis-
trict. Our own children are excluded from the
schools by the presence of this class, and wo
here have an explanation, in part, of the large
number of children unable to obtain seats in
the schools.
2. i suggest a further point, that a large
proportion of our children are the children of
our colored citizens, who, I think, are pecu-
liarly the wards of the Government. The con-
clusion to be derived from this fact is so well
stated by General Walker (Superintendent of
Census) in an address recently delivered by
him at the dedication of one of our tine school
edifices, that 1 quote it as giving the argument
in a nutshell:
" Still another roason why the soliool necessities of
Washington are found to bo more burdetisomo than
those of any other ci!y in the United ,States (and it
is also an additional reason why tho General Gov-
ernment should contribute largely ami freely to-
ward these expenses) is, that fal more than one
half of that element in the present population of
the city, which makes tho largest demand for such
expenditures, without having tho ability to con-
tribute, in any approciablo measure, to the public
funds, is properly to bo regarded as the direct crea-
tion ot the policy of tho General Government. That
ia tho plain truth of thocase. Washington, us a-city,
is not legitimately responsible for thoso people.
They came here by virtue of acts and laws of tbo
General Government which looked to the interest
ot the whole country; and the "whole country, there-
fore, should help to bear theburden. \\ro rejoice in
that policy; wo glory in emancipation; but that
only creates a stronger roason lor relieving the tax-
payers of the District from the inevitable hardship
of such an unexampled influx of unprovided and
umnstructed freedmen. These people came here
for the game reason that tho army of Geneial Lee
tried to come here, beeauso tho word ' Washing-
tpu was synonymous with 'freedom;' because
Washington was the capital of the nation that
slavery sought to destroy; because Washington was
the homo ot the great emancipator.
_ "In 1850 the number of colored persons in Wash-
ington was about ten thousand. In 1860, although
the white population had nearly doubled, the num-
ber oi the colored was still below eleven thousand,
and no reason appears for believing that theirnum-
ocrf would liayo been greatly increased from 18(50 to
18/0, but for the political causes to which allusion
has been made. If this isso, twenty or twentv-five
thousand colored people aro horo in obedience to
no social or economical laws, but as the result of
political forces and the direct acts of the General
Government. The General Government,then, more
than the city, is responsible for them, and should
help to provide for, at least, their intellectual and
moral needs."
I may state another fact, drawn from the
census, which shows that this class of our citi-
zens are here as the direct result of the war.
Since 1867 the number of increase of colored
children was only one hundred and forty-one;
the increase of white population since 1867
has been many thousands. These colored peo-
ple flocked to our capital to enjoy the freedom
and the ballot and the protection of the Gov-
ernment, where they felt it would be given
them freely and amply. The war ended; they
settled down, as the other population have,
where their interests seemed to guide them.
These people cannot leave us, nor would we
have them. They are industrious, frugal, law-
abiding, good citizens; but they came among
us, many of them, in a condition of illiteracy
and poverty which had been enforced upon
them by the nature of our laws, and being
directly responsible for their condition, as the
General Government is, it is plainly its duty
to make provision for their education.
General Sherman at this same dedicatory
meeting spoke of our debt to these people in
the matter of education as a part of our na-
tional debt, which he believed would not be
repudiated.
The colored youths of the District number
about one third. The white children whose
parents contribute nolhing to the support of
our schools, we have seen, amount to about one
fourth; thus we have more than half of our
children a burden upon the the tax-payers of
this District, for whose education the General
Government is directly responsible. If what
we are asking here were to be given in money,
instead of lands or land scrip, as a permanent
endowment of our public schools, the interest
upon it would be but a fraction of what the
Government ought really to do to place our
schools upon a prosperous and creditable foot-
ing. Two and a half million dollars at six per
cent, will give $150,000 annually, while we arc
taxing ourselves at present about a half mil-
lion dollars annually. But we are not asking
money; we ask only the kind of aid which the
Government would feci least, and which it has
extended to every State and Territory except
the District of Columbia.
3. But, Mr. Speaker, aside from these
special considerations, 1 urge this bill upon
the House for the further reason that it is in
pursuance of tho policy already wisely estab-
lished by the Government. This idea of en-
couraging public schools by congressional aid
dates back to colonial times, and began by
act of Continental Congress, March 20, 1785,
which granted the sixteenth section in each
township in support of popular education.
Upon the admission of Oregon to the Union,
Congress added to the sixteenth section the
thirty-sixth section, and since that time, when-
ever any Stale was admitted or Territory
organized, a similar provision was enacted,
setting apart the sixteenth and thirty-sixth
sew ions of each township as an endowment
to public schools. (See the several organic
apis.) This splendid endowment covers one
eighteenth of the whole public domain. Under
this one grant 07,983,922 acres have been set
apart. (See report of Commissioner Land
Office, 1809, p. 28.)
Congress also, by general law (act of July 2,
1862) granted to each State 30.000 acres for each
Senator and Representative to which the State
is entitled. Under this law no State got less
than 90,000, while some of them, New York
for instance, received nearly 1.000,000 acres.
This grant has amounted to 9,510,000 acres.
(Ibid, page 28.) By act of Congress admitting
the States and erecting the Territories, there
was also granted a university endowment which
amounts thus far to 1.882,880 acres. B.y these
general laws there have been appropiiatei! for
school purposes 78,570.794 acres.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let mo illustrate by show-
ing the grant, to the several Territories which,
though not available now, set apart .lands
against the time when the Territories shall
become States. The table which I now sub-
mit is made up from the report of the Com-
missioner of the Land Office for 1869, and
advance sheets of the census for 1870:
Territories. Population. Acres,
Washington 23,955 2.43S.675
New Mexico 91,874 4,309,368
Utah 83,786 3,003,613
Dakota 14,181 5,866,451
Colorado 39,864 3,715,555
Montana 20,595 4,050.350
Idaho  14,999 3,068,281
Wyoming  9,118 3,480,281
Total  311,030 34,544,559
District of Columbia 131,700 0,000,000
Montana, with a population qf 11,000, less
than the number of our children, has over
4,000,000 of acres. Dakota, with a still les3
population, has over 5,000.000. To illustrate
further. I have shown that one half of our
children, or 15,000, should be provided for by
the General Government; but we have no aid.
Yet, Dakota, with less whole population than
this 15,000, has over 4,000,000 acres. Sir,
I would not take from these Territories one
acre; on the contrary, I would make the grant
to the Territories available at once; but I
do submit, that in this bounty which I have
shown toward the States and Territories, the
District of Columbia should have some share.
It may be suggested that these lands in
the Territories are not available, and there-
fore my illustration fails. Still it is true that
the Government places a value of $1 25 per
acre upon them, and if the grant is inadequate
for the purposes originally intended it is the
duty of Congress to supplement it so as to
establish public schools in these Territories.
But consider some of the States. Nevada,
for instance, receives school lands under the
sixteenth and thirty-sixth section grant to the
amount of 3,985,428 acres; of agricultural
college lands, 90,000 acres; of university
lands, 46,080 acres; totul, 4,111,508 acres.
The population of Nevada is 42,491; number ■
of children between the ages of six and
eighteen, 3,293. (See report Commissioner of
Education, 1870, pp. 213.) Here is an ample
endowment for all time, sufficient to meet the
entire expenses of common schools in the State.
Again : Oregon, with a population of 90,923,
has a total land grant, under the three general
laws to which I have referred, of 8,465,786
acres; Nebraska, with a population of 1,229,-
930, a total land grant under these laws of
2,838,124 acres. This endowment is esti-
mated to be worth to the State to day more
than ten million dollars.
Now, sir, I cannot believe that I can
strengthen the argument by any further com-
ment in this connection.
Here is a magnificent endowment which will
stand out in all time to the credit of the far-
seeing men who made it. But, sir, it is marred
by one blot, and that I ask shall be here and
now effaced forever. Do not let it be said any
longer that an obliquity of vision or of con-
science has shut out from all participation in
this gift a community which of all others is the
most needy, and, I was about to say, deserving.
But, Mr. Speaker, 1 must not leave the argu-
ment here. _ I must show this House still fur-
ther the policy practiced by Government.
SPECIAL AID BY COXGKESS TO SCHOOLS.
Leaving these general laws, notice some of
the special acts fostering education in the coun-
try, I could not present a complete showing
of the vast sums which have been contributed
by Government, by way of special acts to the
various States, without a careful examination
of all the statutes from the begining of our
Government. Some of these have been in the
form of resolutions!, some hnvc besn embodied
i'i Acts of a general nature for other purposes ;
and to determine them all would be a work of
great labor and much time, which 1 have not
been able to give, but I shall call attention to
a few which I have discovered.
1. I learn upon inquiry at the War Depart*
