3340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
forty cents per pound, and, in addition thereto, thirty
percent, ad valorem.
On clothing ready mado, and wearing apparel of
every description, and balmoral skirts and skirting,
and goods of similar description, or used for like
purposes, composed wholly or in part of wool,
worsted, the hair of the alpaca goat, or othor ani-
mals, made up or manufactured wholly or in part by
the tailor, seamstress, or manufacturer, (except .knit
goods,) torty cents per pound, and in addition
thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem.
On webbings, beltings, bindings, braids, galloons,
fringes, gimps, cords, cords and tassels. dress trim-
mings, head nets, buttons, or barrel buttons, or
buttons of other forms lor tassels or ornaments,
wrought by hand or braided by machinery, made
of wool, worsted, or mohair, or of which wool,
worsted, or mohair is a component material, un-
mixed with silk, forty cents per pound, and, in
addition thereto, forty-five per cent, ad valorem.
On Aubusson and Axmmstcr carpets, and carpets
woven whole for rooms, fifty per cent, ad valorem.
Oil Saxony. Wilton, and Tournny velvet carpets,
wrought by the Jaequard machine, seventy cents
per square vard, and, in addition thereto, thirty per
cent, ad valorem ; on Brussels carpets wrought by
the Jaequard machine, forty-lour cents per square
yard, and, in addition thereto, thirty per cenr. ad
valorem; on patent velvet and tapestry velvet oar-
pets, printed on the warp or otheiwisc, forty cents
per square yard, and, in additiou thereto, thirty per
cent, ad valorem ; 011 tapestry Urus^els carpets,
printed on the warp or otherwise, twenty-eight
cents per squaro yard, and, m addition thereto,
thiity per cent, ad valorem ; on treble ingrain,
three-ply, and worsted chain Venetian carpets,
seventeen ccnls per square yard, and, in addition
thereto, thirty per cunt, ad valoi cm ; 011 y.irn Vone-
tinand two-ply ingrain cm pers, twelvo cents per
square yard, and, in addition thereto, thirty per
cent, ad valorem; and on druggets and boclungs,
printed, colored, or otherwise, twenty-livo cents per
square yard, and, in addition thereto, thirty per
cent, ail valorem.
On all manufactures of cotton, not, bleached, col-
ored, stained, painted, or printed, not exeeeding one
hundred thread* to the squaie inch, counting wrap
and lilting, and npt exceeding 111 womht live ounces
per squaro yard, two cents per square yard; if
blenched, 1 wo and one hall' cents per squaio yard:
if colored, stained, painted, or printed, I wo and one
half cents per Mju.iro yard, and, in uddil ion thoi cto,
ten pel eont. ail ralortm.
On all manutacluies ol' cotton, (except jeans,
denims, drillings, bed-tickings, tcinghams, plaids,
couomides, pantaloon stutf, and good* of like de-
scription,) no! bleached, eoloied, stained, painted,
or printed, and not exceeding one bundled (breads
to (lie squire inch, counting tho w.irp and filling,
and exceeding 111 weigh t li ve ounces per squ.ti o y;s rd,
1'our cents per square yaid; il bleaehed, (our and
one hall cents per squate vard: it colored, stained.
|>atnt ed, or j>i 1111 ed, to 11 r cent«■ per sq ua.ro yard, and,
in addition t hereto, ten per cenl. ad valo) en.
On liner and lighter good-* of like de-enption, ex-
ceeding Him hundred (lueads ami not e\( ceding two
hundred threads to tho squaio meh, counting the
warp and Idling, unbleached, loin cents pei sijua.ro
>siid: it bleached, foni and one bail eenN pcr^quarc
yaid; it colored, "tamed, painted, or printed, tour
cents per equate yard, and, 111 addition thereto,
twenty per cent, nd valorem.
On too Is ot like descnption, exceeding two hun-
dred threads lo the .-qnare inch, unblen.chcd, four
01 nls per squ.ireyaid ; il Uloacinni, four and one half
cents per square > aid ; it eoloied, stained, painted,
, or printed, lour eents per square ym d, and, in addi-
I ion 1 hei et o, twenty per cent. «d valorem.
On all cotton pums. denims, drillings, bed-liek-
cin«haiu^. plant*. n>! 1 onades. pant aloon stall-,
and jrood-i ol like dc-ei it t ion, ot iorsuniiaruse.il
II n Mono lied, and not, exceed in a: one hnndi ed tin cad*
loihe .-quate inch, counting warp and liilinu.and
exceed i ii live ounce-, to the ->qu ire > ar<l, fl v e cents
per squa 1 o > aid : it bleached, fn e and one !ia!f (tents
pel squaio yard: il eoloied, stained, painted, 01
pi 1111 ed, live con I* per qua 1 e v a rd, and. 111 ,iddi t ion
tin-ieto. (wenlv per cenl. nd valo) em. On liner or
lighter goods ol like dc-ei iption, exceeding one
hundred threads, and not txceedintr two hundred
tiiioad*t(> thosquare inch, counting thevvaipand
filling, unbieaehed, five cents pei square .\ aid ; if
bleached. live and one hail ceuls persquarc yard ; if
colored, stained, painted, or printed, live cento per
Mlinii' v.ud. and, in addition tiieieto, filteen per
cent. ud laloiem. On good* of like descnption
e.xeecdiut' two hundred t nreads to the square inch,
eonnhrij' tho \vai|> and lilunir, if unbleached, live
and one hall cenis pei square j aid ; if bleached, six
cents per Mpiare v.ud: it eoloied, stained, painted,
or printed, live, ami one hall cent-* per square n <11(1,
and, in addu ion (hei eto, tilt oen per cent, ad valoi em;
Frovtdid, That upon all plain woven cotton goods,
included to not included m the torc^outg schedule-,
unbleached, valued at over sixteen eon t s persquaie
.yard, bleached, valued at over twenty cent.* per
square v.ud, eoloied, \alucd at over tvvcnty-fi\e
cents per square vnd, and cotton jeans, denims,
anil diillinsr-, unbleached, valued at over twenty
cent* per square yard, and all other cotton goods of
ev -i y desoi)otoni, the value of which shall exceed
fwenij-hvc cent-- pei square yard, there shall be
levied, collected, and paid a duty of thirty-five per
cent, ad valorem.
On spool-thread of col ton, containing on each
spool not exceeding one hundred yards of thread,
five cents per dozen spooK and, in addition thereto,
twenty-four per cent, nd valorem ; exceeding one
hundred yards, for every additional one hundred
yards of thread on each spool, or fractional part
thereof, in excessof one hundred yards, five eents
per dozen, and twenty-eight per cent, ad valorem.
On cotton thread, yarn, warps, or warp-yarn, not
wound upon spools, whether single or advanced be-
yond the condition of single b> twisting two or more
single yarns together, whether on beams or in bun-
dles, skeins, or cops, or in any other form, valued at
not exceeding ioi ty centa per pound, eight cents per
pound; valued at over forty cents per pound and
not exceeding sixty cents per pound, sixteen cents
per pound; valued at over sixty cents per pound,
and not exceeding eighty cents per pound, twenty-
iour cents per pound ; valued at over eighty cents
per pound, thirty-two cents per pound; and, in
addition to said rates of duty, sixteen per cent, act
valorem.
Mr. BURCHAIVD. I suggest that the read-
ing of that, substitute is not necessary.
Mr. BECK. It is unnecessary to read it.
It is simply the bill of the majority of the
Committee of Ways and Means with reference
to iron, wool, and cotton, and manufactures
thereof. In other words, I propose this por-
tion of the old hill asasubsiitute for the prop-
osition of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. COX. Is that amendment in order
now?
The CHAIRMAN. How much does the
gentleman from Kentucky propose to strike
out ?
Mr. BECK. Lines one to twenty-five of
the second section ; the whole section.
Mr. DAWKS. I want to put on record my
admiration ofthc consistency of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Brck,J after he has voted
that it should not be in order for me to do
what he now proposes to do.
The CHAIRMAN. On. the point raised by
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox]
the ('hair rules that a motion to strike out the
whole or any portion of the second section
and insert oilier matter would be in order,
bat tin; text of the bill must first be considered
before the question can be taken upon such a
mot ion.
Mr. STKVKNSON. Motions to perfect take
pi ccedeiice of a motion to strike out and insert.
Mr. BURCiiAlU-). As I understand the
ruling of (he Chair, it is that the amendment
ol the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. BfcCKj
is in order, but must be held m abeyance iu
oider that motions to perfect the text may be
first, considered.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that
the motion of the gentleman from Kentucky
is in oider,
Mr. COX. I wish to ask the Chair one
question. Is the substitute of the* gentleman
trom Kentucky now open to amendment'/
The CHAIRMAN. It will be open to
amendment when it comes to be considered.
Mr. COX. Then, with all deference to the
Chair, it seems to me that the Chair was in
error in allowing the substitute to come in
before we perfected the oiiginal text.
Mr. IHJROFIAIil). It is in order; but it
is held m abeyance until the text has been per-
fected.
Mr. COX. Then I desire to make a motion
to perfect the original text before the substi-
tute is \ ored on.
The CHAIRMAN. The first nine lines of
the second section are now under considera-
tion. As the Chair understands, the gentle-
man from Kentucky moves to strike out those
lin.^R and insert a substitute. Is that the
motion ?
Mr. BISCIv. My motion was to strike out
lines one to twenty-five; but if that motion is
not in order, then i move, simply to strike out
the first, nine lines.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion is in order.
The Clerk read as follows:
On all manufacture5! of cotton of which cotton is
the component part of chief value.
On alt wools, hair of (he alpaca goat, and other
like animals, and all manufactures whollv or in p.irt
of wool or hair of the alpaca, and other like animals.
Mr. COX. I rose in time for the purpose
of moving to strike out. the two lines with
reference to manufactures of cotton, and insert
that portion of the bill of the majority of the
committee relative to cotton.
The paragraphs proposed to be inserted
(which were not read) are as follows:
On all manufactures of cotton, not bleached, col-
ored, stained, painted, or printed, not exceeding
one huudred threads to the square inch, counting
warp and filling, and not exceeding in weight five
ounces per square yard, two cents per square yard;
if bl cached, two and one half cents per square yard ;
if colored, stained, painted, or printed, two and
one half cents per square yard, and m addition
thereto, ten percent, ad valorem.
On all manufactures of cotton, (except jeans, den-
ims. drillings, bed-tickinss, ginghams, plaids, cot-
tonadex, pantaloon stuff, and goods of tike descrip-
tion,) not bleached, eoloied, stained, painted, or
printed, and not exceeding one hundred threads to
the square inch, counting the warp and filling, and
exceeding 111 weight live ounces per square yard,
four cents per square yard; if bleached, four and
one half cents per square > ard; if colored, stained,
painted or printed, four cents per square yard, and,
in addition thereto, ten per cent. ad. valorem.
On finer and lighter goods ot like description,
exceeding one hundred threads, and not exceeding
two hundred threads to the squaro inch, counting
the warp and filling, unbleached, four cents per
square yard; if hleached, four and one half cents
per square yard; if colored, stained, painted, or
pnuted, lour cents per square yard, and, in addition
thereto, twenty per cent, ad valorem.
On goods of like description, exceeding two hun-
dred threads to the square inch, unbleached, four
cents per squaic yard; if bleached, four and one
half cents per square yard; if colored, stained,
painted, or printed, four cents persquare yard, and,
in addition thereto, twenty per cent, ad valorem.
On all cotton jo,ins, denims, drillings, bed-tick-
ings, ginghams, plaids, cottonades, pantaloon stuffs,
and goods of like description, or for similar use, if
unbleached, and not exceeduigoue hundred threads
to the square inch, counting warp and tilling, and
exceeding live ounces to the square yard, five cents
per square yard; if bleached, five and one half
cents pei .-qu.ire yard; if colored, stained, painted,
or printed, five cents per squafo yard, and, in addi-
tion thereto, twenty per cent, ad valorem. On
finer or lighter goods of like description, exceeding
one bundled threads, and not exceeding two hun-
dred threads to the square inch, counting the warp
and filling, unbleached, five cents per square yard ;
if bleached, five and one half cents per square yard;
il eoloied. stained, painted, or printed, five ceuls
per square yard, and. in addition thereto, fifteen
per cent, ad valorem. On goods of like descrip-
tion, exceeding two hundred threads to the square
inch, counting the warp and filling, if unbleached,
five and one half cents persquare yard ; if bleachcd,
mx cents per squai e yai d ; ii colored, stained, paint-
ed, or printed, five and one huIf cent4, per square
yard, and, in addition thereto, fifteen per cent.
ad valorem; f'rovtiled. That upon all plain woven
cotton goods, included or not included in the fore-
going .schedules, unbleached, valued at over sixteen
cents per square yard, bleached, valued at over
t\vent> eents per square yard, cohu ed, valued a t over
tw ent.\ -five cents per square yard, and eotton jeans,
denims, and drillings, unbleached, valued atover
twenty cents per square yard, and all ol her cotton
goods ot every desoi iption, the value of which shall
exceed twenty-five cents per square yard, tin re
shall be levied, collected, and paid aduty of thirty-
live per cent, ad valorem.
On spool-thread of cotton, containing on each
spool not exceeding one hundred yards of thread,
five cents per dozen spools, and, in addition thereto,
twenty-four per cenl. ad valorem,- exceeding one
hundred yards, for eveiy additional one hundred
yards of thread on each spool, or fractional part
thereof iu excessof one hundred yards, five cents
per dozen, and twenty-eight per cent, ad valorem.
On cotton thread, yarn, warps, or warp-yarn, not
wound upon spools, whether single or advanced
beyond the condition of single by twisting two or
more single yarns together, whether 011 beams or in
bundles, skeins, orcops, or in any other form, valued
at not exceeding forty cents per pound, eight cents
per pound; valued at over forty cents per pound,
and not exceeding sixty cents per pound, sixteen
cents per pound; valued at over sixty cents per
pound, and not exceeding eighty cents per pound,
twenty-iour cents per pound; valued at over eighty
cents per pound, thirty-two eents per pound; and,
in addition to said rates of duty, sixteen per cent.
ad valoi an.
Mr. BURCHARD. I make a point of
order that the liues to which the gentleman
fiom New Yoik [Mr. Coxj offers his amend-
ment have not yet been reached.
The CHAIRMAN. Those lines, as well as
the next succeeding clause, have been read;
but the Chair undeistands that the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Cox] rose in time to
offer an amendment to the elaus^ in reference
to cotton, but failed to obtain the attention ot
the Chair.
Mr. BCIRCHARD. X rose to move an
amendment to the first paragraph, but sup-
posed the gentleman on the other side rose
for the same purpose.
