1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
601
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Treatrnerd of Prisoners of War—Mr. Shanks.
Ho. op Reps.
matize the captor either as a barbarian oracrim-
inal} and to subject him to such punishment as
the power of his antagonist may be able to in-
flict, while it also rpndt-rs him amenable to the
censure of the civilized nations of the earth.
The rule may be stated briefly in these words;
that the conqueror has no right to kill big
enemy after capture or surrender, unless the
safety of his own forces shall necessarily de-
mand it. in other words, quarter ©an only be
refused the enemy when it is necessary to the
protection of the victor. While we may lawfully
kill those who are actually in arms and con-
tinue to resist, the victor cannot take the lives
of those who are not in arms, or, who being in
arms, cease their resistance and surrender
themselves into his power ; and that no harsh-
ness or severity is allowable except such as
may be necessary for the safety and security
of the captor.
To sustain this proposition we have only to
refer to the following authorities opon inter-
national law and the laws of war. Attention
is invited to the following citations from dis-
tinguished writers upon this subject^ which
will show the gradual advancement from a
state of savage cruelty to thai higher ground
of mercy and humanity consonant with civil-
ization and Christianity.
An author incliued.toa severity of construc-
tion not warranted by the customs of modern
warfare, and who appears to have written in
the interest as well as in defense of theexcesses
perpetrated by his own nation, says:
" As the conqueror may lawfully do anything that
he pleases with the vanquished, no one can doubt
hK having, on that account, over him the power of
life and death. There are so many instances on rec*
oid ot< the exercise of this right among all nations
in ancient times that a large book would not bo suf-
ficient to contain an account of them all, and the
publicists have already exercised their industry upon
this subject. But although the right of killing has
almost become obsolete, yet it is to be attributed
merely to the will and to the elemency of the victor;
nor can it be-denied but that it might be exercised
even at this time if one should choose, to avail him-
self of his right. That there still exist some remains
of this right is in full proof; for in this sense alone
is to be taken, and on this ground alone is to be de-
fended the edict of the States General of the 1st of
October, 1589, which inflicted the penalty of death
on those who should be found with the traitors of
Gertruydenberg, and also their other edict of the
24th of February, 1696, by which they inflicted the
same penalty on thoae.eneimes who should approach
the snore nearer than the buoys, or should land on
the ooajst for the bake of plundering."—Bynkesshoek's
Laics of TV«r, page 19.
In the following extracts we can trace an
amelioration of the rule:
"You may drive away an enemy if you can, or
kill him, if he will not submit; but when you have
him in your power he should not be treated in a
different light from other enemies."-—Lee's Treatise
on War, page 56.
"The ancient rule was, that a combatant taken
in battle became the property of his captor, who
could kill, enslave, or sell hiin. Ransom was a kind
of sale to those who were most interested in paying
a high price. Among the Greeks the general prac-
tice was not to refuse quarter to a Greek who grave
himself up on the field of battle, and to allow his
friends to redeem him, if they would; the price for
which was mor§ or less, fixed between contending
parties. This usage prevailed also among the
Romans, as well as that of exchanging prisoners,
but any degree of injury to the enemy was allowed
in their jus belli. Neither law, nor the feelings of
humanity, uor aught save considerations ot pru-
dence, restrained them/5—Woolsei/'s International
Law, page 218.
" By the rules of both nations, leading officers of
the hostilo.army after being taken might be put to
the sword. Such was the case with the Athenian
generals taken at Syracuse, against the will, how-
ever, it should be added, of the Spartan general,
Gylipjms, and many an illustrious warrior taken;
captive by the Romans had his death delayed only
to endure the humiliation of being led hi triumph:
' Similar Gruelty was universal in ancient times, as
aiqong the Jews, where David's campaigns dealt
death in frightful forms upon surrounding nations;
and yet, a century and ahalf after David,a prophet,
tp the King of Israel's inquhy,4 Shall I smite them/
could answer, ' Wouldst thou smite those whom thou
hast taken oa.ptivc with thy sword and thy bow? '—
showiftg that a raofe humane mode of warfare was
then in vogme."—Ibid., page 219.
" It is unnecessary to do more than refer to the
barbarous cruelties with which prisoners of war
are treated by savage nations; bat it is with sorrow
that we find Grecian warfare stained with sach
atrocities as the slaughter in cold blood of prison-
ers of war, while other captives were subjected to
become the slaves of their conquerors; aDd in
Soman warfare the exeontioner often terminated
ni prison the livesof.tbose who had been paraded in
their triumphs. The barbarians who overthrew the
empire threatened their prisoners, when they did
not make them slaves, not only with a merciless
sacrifice of life, slaughtering thousands at a time,
but with the details of wanton cruelty that marlc
the Warfare of savages. Even Charlemagne slaugh-
tered at one time upward of four thousand Saxons
in cold btoodand long after this we find the heroes
of chivalry, Richard X among them, outraging
humanity by gimilat atrocities."—Mannings Law
of itiationti'VQX* 156.
Yattel states the modern rule thus:
"As soon as your eoemy has laid down his arms
and surrendered his person you have no longer any
right over his life, unless he should give you such a
right by eome new attempt, or had before commit-
ted against you a crime deserving death. It was
therefore a dreadful error of antiquity, a most un-
just and sayage claim, to assume a right of putting
prisoners of war to death, and even by the hand of
the executioner. More just and humane principles
have Ions since been adopted."—Vattel, page 353.
Haileek sums up the demand of public law
upon ihis point as follows;
"But this extreme right of war with respect to
the enemy's person has been modified and limited
by the usages,' and practices of modern warfare.
Thus, while we may lawfully kill those who are ac-
tually in arras ana continue to resist, we may not
take the lives of those who are not in arras, or who,
being in arms, cease their resistance and surrender
themselves into our power. The just ends of the
war may be attained by making them our prisoners
or -by compelling them to give security for their
future conduct. Force and severity can be used
only so far as may be necessary to accomplish the
object for which the wftr was declared.''—Halleck.
page 426, section 2.
1 As the right to kill an enemy in war is applicable
only to such publie enemies as make forcible resist-
ance, this right necessarily ceases so soon as the
enemy lays down his arms and surrenders his per-
son. After such surrender, the opposingbelligerent
has no power over his life, unless new rights are
given by some new attempt at resistance. 'It was
a dreadful error of antiquity/ says Vattel, 'a most
unjust and savageclaim, to assume aright of putting
a prisoner of war to death and even by the hand of
the executioner.' By the present rules of interna-
tional law, quarter can be refused the enemy only
in cases where those asking it have forfeited their
lives by some crime against the conqueror, under
the laws and usages of war, "—Ilnd., page 429, sec-
tion 6.
"According to the laws of war, as practiced by
some of the nations of antiquity, and by savage and
barbarous nations of the present time, prisoners of
war might be put to death or sold intoslavery. But
in the present age, no nation claiming a semi-civil-
ization makes slaves of prisoners ot war. or claims the
general right to put them to death, although such a
right is sometitoes exercised 'in those extreme cases
where resistance on their part, or the part of others
who came to their rescue, renders it impossible to
keep them. Both reason and general opinion con-
eur in showing that nothing but the strongest
necessity will justify such an act.'
^'Although by the milder rules of modern warfare
prisoners of war cannot be treated harshly, the cap-
tor may, nevertheless, take all proper measures for
their security; and, ifthcre be reason to apprehend
that they will rise on their captors or make their
escape, he may put them in confinement and even
fetter them. But such extreme measures should
never be resorted to except in cases of absolute
necessity. Self-security is the first law of the con-
queror, and the laws of war justify the use of means
necessary to that end, but beyond that no harshness
or severity is allowable. Each particular case as it
arises must be judged by the attending circum-
stances, the means employed, and the danger thev
were designed to guard against."—Ibid., page 430,
section 7.
POWER OVER THE LIBERTY OF PRISONERS—ENSLAVE-
MENT OF PRISONERS OF WAR.
Ife is from an erroneous mode of consider-
ing the case that prisoners of war have for so
long a time been left to the humanity of their
captors. The early belief that the captor had
the rignt to the life and property of his prison-
ers made them entirely subject to his will, and
the permission to live was deemed a clemency
to the captive that could be withdrawn at
pleasure. The right to take life was presumed
to carry with it the power to make any dispo-
tion of the prisoner's person, short of taking
his life, and in time it came to be considered
more humane and profitable to enslave cap-
tives and sell them into a life of servitude.
This was the first though it seems to bp a
short step from the unconditional murder of i
prisoners of war to a better relation between
captor and captive. And whether we are to
credit the humanity or the avarice of the cap-
tor for this slight improvement in the condition
of prisoners, it has at least a partial solution
in the conduct of the rebels in the late rebel-
lion, where, though they had determined to
kill all colored captives, yet they enslaved and
used many. The practice of killing prisoners
of war gradually gave way before an improv-
ing civilization on the one hand and a desire
for gain on the other, resulting in the enslave-
ment of captives and their subjection to servile
labor. They were transferred like other prop-
erty, and their children became servants to the
owner of their parents. As an evidence that
morals had less to do with saving the lives of
prisoners than gain, the power of life and
death was accorded to the captor down to the
period at which exchanges were adopted in
the seventeenth century. Even during the days
of chivalry, from the eleventh to the fifteenth
centuries* when ransoming was at its zenith, a
failure to pay the ransom was considered just
cause of death, and some taw writers trace
that right still later.
Bynkershoek, who was perhaps somewhat
On the defensive, declares the right to exist
as late as October 1, 1589, and February 24,
1696, when the States General decreed death
to captives taken under certain circumstances.
It is a source of much regret that slavery has
existed in this country,and thatitsresults should
have so indelibly stained the pages of our his-
tory with crimes against prisoners of war.
Society, since the earth was peopled, has at
times sought to redeem men from the servi-
tude of savage life, and has advanced from
killing prisoners of war to their enslavement,
from slavery to their ransom, from ransom to
exchange, from exchange to parole of honor,
and release altogether at the end of a war,
instead of nniversal massacre, which was the
early practice. Upon this question of the
power of the captor over the liberty of the
prisoner we submit the following authorities
from writers on international law:
" To the right of killing our enemies has suc-
ceeded that ot making them slaves, which was for-
merly exercised during many ages. But this custom
of making slaves ol prisoners has now fallen into
disuse among most nations in consequence of the
improvement of their manners."—Bynkershoek'a
Laic of Ware, page 20.
' Therefore, the Dutch are in the habit of selling
to the Spaniards as slaves the Algerinea. Tunisians,
and Tnpolit&ns, whom they take prisoners in the
Atlantic or in the Mediterranean; for the Dutch
themi-elres haveno slaves except in Asia. Africa,
and America. Nay, in the year 1661, the States
General gave orders to their admiral to sell as
slaves all the privates that he should take. The
same thing was done in the year 1664."—Idem,
page 21.
"To the right of killingthe enemy succeeded that
of servitude, much used formerly; but even this
custom is now mueh worn out among most nations.
"Cujacius, indeed, says that even among Chris-
tians they still makeslaves ol captives, but that the
servitude is of the mildest kind, and he supports his
opinions upon the right of redemption; but why
shouldwe think the custom of redeeming captives
and retaining them until redeemed more a servi-
tude tbanthe detention of our debtor till he pays
the debt'?"—Lee's Treutue on H'ar, page 56.
" No less ill-grounded was the custom of reducing
to slavery; it was fouuded on the {supposed right of
killing. There is no such thing as reducing to
slavery, further than it becomes necessary tor the
preservation of the conquest. Slavery in conquests
is an accidental thing, it is contrary to the nature
of things that the slavery shou.d be perpetual; the
people enslaved should always be rendered capable
of becoming subjects. Thus, therefoie, the right of
slavery ceases when the just ends of our1 conquest
are answered, and we are no longer in danger trom
our enemy being set at liberty.*'—Idem, page 61.
"Because slavery among Christians is worn out,
and we do not use it toward captives, yet we may
use it if we please, nay, we do use it toward those
who use it toward us. \\ herefore the Dutch used to
sell into slavery to the Spaniards the Algerines,
Tunisians, and Tiipolitans, taken at sea, as the
Dutch have no slaves themselves, but in Asia,
Africa, and America. And the States General in the
year 1(501 ordered their admiral to sell al! piraton ho
should take into slavery. The same was observed
in the yeai 160-i."—idem, page 57.
"Is it lawful to condcmn prisoners of war to
