1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4287
recess shall be taken until half past seven
o'clock.
The question is on that motion.
Mr. OONKLINGr. Let us have the yeas
and nays. We are going to lose this bill by
this course.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I was about to with-
draw ray demand for the yeas and nays on the
passage of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the motion of the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for a vote on the
motion for a recess. The Senator from Dela-
ware says he will not demand a vote by yeas
and nays.
Mr. CONKLING. Then let us pass the
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, the order for yeas and nays on
the question of taking a recess will be re-
scinded. The order is rescinded. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
OhiO| that after the final disposition of this
bill a recess shall be taken until half past
seven o'clock this evening.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER." The ques-
tion is on the passage of the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I want to record my
vote on the passage of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas
and nays were ordered on the passage of the
bill, and that call cannot be withdrawn without
unanimous consent. The Senator from Illinois
objects, and the Secretary will call the roll on
the passage of the bill.
Mr. RANSOM. The Senator from Virginia
[Mr. Johnston] asked me to state that he was
paired on this bill with the Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Robertson.] Mr. Johnston
would vote "nay," and Mr. Robertson would
vote " yea."
Mr. SAULSBURY. I was requested to say
by the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Steven-
son] that he was compelled to leave the Sen-
ate Chamber on account of sickness.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Boreman,
Buckingham, Caldwell, Chandler, Clayton, Cole,
Conklmg, Cragin, Edmunds, Flanagan, J^relinghuy-
sen, Howe, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of Vermont,
Osborn, Pomeroy, Rauihey, Rice, Sawyer, Scott,
Sherman, and Wilson—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Davis of
"West Virginia, Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Kelly, Nor-
wood, Ransom, Saulsbury, Sehurz, Thurman, and
Trumbull—13.
ABSENT — Messrs. Brownlow, Cameron, Carpen-
ter, Cooper, Corbett, Davis of Kentucky, JFenton,
Eerryof Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan, Gilbert,
Goidthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Har-
lan, Hitchcock, Johnston, Logan, Morrill ot Maine,
Morton, Nye, Patterson, Pool. Pratt, Robertson,
Spencer, Sprague, Stevenson. Stewart, Stockton,
Sumner, Tipton, Vickers, West, Wmdom, and
Wright—35.
So the bill was passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (at five
o'clock and. leu minutes p. m.) Pursuant to
the order of the Senate, the Senate now takes
a recess until half past seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
agricultural statistics.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN submitted the fol-
lowing resolution ; which was referred to the
Committee on Printing:
Beit icvulved by the Senate, (the House of Repre-
sentatives concurring.) That there be printed six
thousand additional copies of so much of the ninth
census as relates to the statistics of agriculture, lor
the use of the Commissioner of Agriculture.
orange 'ajnd alexandria railroad.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I enter a motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill (H. R.
No. 2847) to authorize the Orange, Alexan- i
dria, and Manassas Railroad Company to run
trains and transport, freight and passengers
within the District of Columbia, was passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pom-
eroy in the chair.) The motion will be entered.
order op business.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
2705, being the miscellaneous appropriation
bill.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senator from Cali-
fornia if he will not give way for half an hour
to enable me to put on their passage a few bills
from the Military Committee.
Mr. COLE. 1 cannot consent to a post-
ponement of the appropriation bill. I want to
make some progress with it to-night, it is of
great importance that it should be disposed of
as soon as possible. 1 regret very much to do
so, but I shall have to object to anything else
being done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The question is on the
motion of the Senator from California.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator consent
that I shall have an hour and a half on Thurs-
day night?
Mr. COLE. There are not enough Senators
here to make an assignment now ; I will help
the Senator through the best I can when the
appropriation bills are disposed of, but I can-
not consent to night.
Mr. POMEROY. Last night, just before
we adjourned, the Senator from Massachusetts
made the same request, and it was generally
acceded to, but it so happened that we were
without a quorum. I think the Senator from
Massachusetts ought to have half an hour at
the beginning of the session to finish those
bills he has reported and then let the Senator
from California go on with his bill, and I will
then stand by him.
Mr. COLF. I do hope Senators will permit
me to go on with the appropriation bill now,
so that we may make some progress upon it.
It is a matter of very great importance, and
we want to know the ground upon which we
stand without any further delay.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope the
appropriation bill will be taken up.
Mr. POMEROY. If it is insisted upon, I
shall call for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Cal-
ifornia to proceed to the consideration of the
civil appropriation bill.
Mr. POMEROY". I presume it is in order
to discuss the subject of taking it up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Discussion
of the question of the propriety of taking up
the bill is in order.
Mr. POMEROY. I was going to observe
that I would not put an obstacle in the way of
the passage of this appropriation bill, but the
rights of the whole American people are not
in that appropriation bill.
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir, I think they are.
Mr. POMEROY. There are other people
than those contemplated and provided for in
the appropriation bill. I do not think we ever
spent a more profitable night than we did last
night, in relieving a great many people who
have been in attendance upon Congress the i
whole session. A large number of bills were 1
passed. Those men felt happy. They went
home. I suppose they have gone home; they
ought to go. Now, I say there are other
committees besides the Committee on Appro- >
priations. The Committee on Post Offices and i
Post Roads have a few bills, mere routine j
business, nothing that will create discussion,
that ought to be disposed of. The Commit-
tee on Military Affairs have got a few. Why
is it that nothing can be considered but an
appropriation bill or a tariff bill?
Mr. COLE. Simply because the appropri-
ation bill at present is of more importance
than any other bill, and the Senator knows as
I rise to a point of
well as I do that if we do not get it through
before the time for the adjournment, it will
result necessarily in another session. We have
barely commenced this long bill and it will
take some time to read it.' It will' satisfy the
Committee on Appropriations to make some
progress upon the bill to-night, to see where
we stand and see what amendments will be
adopted and what will be discussed and con-
0d.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator does not pro-
pose to act definitely and finally upon this bill
to-night?
Mr COLE. I should like very much to
pass it to-night, but I am in great doubt about
our ability to do that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kansas is entitled to the floor.
Mr. POMEROY. I am not going to be
factious in my opposition, hut I thought the
Senator from California would be reasonable
and yield to this request.
Mr. CASSERLY.
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California will state his point of
-order.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understood to-day
that by an order of the Senate we took a
recess from a certain hour until half past
seven o'clock, for the purpose of going on
this evening with bills from the Committee on
Appropriations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state to the Senator from California that
that order was rescinded by a vote of the
Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY". The recess was rescinded,
but I understood the new recess was under the
same order as to business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No motion
of that kind was made. The old order was
rescinded in toto, as the Chair understands.
TJie question is on agreeing to the motion of
the Senator from California to proceed to the
consideration of the civil appropriation bill.
Mr. POMEROY*. After what the Senator
from California now says, that he will yield
after a little while, I shall not ask for the yeas
and nays upon that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
marshal of south carolina.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask the Senator from Cal-
ifornia to let this bill lie aside informally until
I can have a resolution passed to correct a
clerical error in a hill which passed on Satur-
day. It requires simply the reading of the
resolution, which willnotoccupy half a minute.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator will,not
insist on his request.
Mr. SAWYER. It is merely the correction
of a word ; the insertion of " May " iustead
of " April " in a bill. It was a bill reported
from the Judiciary Committee, and an amend-
ment was made to insert " May " instead of
" February," and it was made " April" instead
of "May."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from South Carolina asks unanimous con-
sent to consider at this time a resolution, which
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved hy the Senate, (the House of Represents-
atires concurring,) That the joint Committee on
Enrolled Bills be directed to insert in the enroll-
ment of the bill (H. 11. No. 2633) t.o grant additional
compensation to the marshal ot South Carolina the
word "May" in lieu of the word April/' which
was by mistake inserted in the amendment of the
Senate to the said bill and so concurred in by the
Mouse of Rej>resentatives, and that the Committee
on Knrolled Bills be authorized to correct the said
mistake in the enrollment ol the said bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is tliere
objection to the consideration of this concur-
rent resolution?
Mr. POMEROY. Is it 44 May11 of the
same year ?
Mr. SAWYER. It is May of the same
year.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
