1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
653
ment that there have been expended through
the Freedman's Bureau since its organization,
for educational purposes to the freedmen of
our country, $5,202,511 26.
2. Under the head of special legislation in aid
of education, I may mention that given to the
Indians. There have been over eight million
dollars expended in that way. We have an In-
dian population, including Alaska, of 380,629
persons; about ninety-five thousand of these
are within school age, while probably not one
tenth could be reached by any system of
schools. But one hundred and fifty-three
schools are known to be in operation, with
6,904 pupils to support, for which Congress
appropriated, in the year 1869, $246,418.
(See report of the Commissioner of Education
for 1870, pages 23 and 24.)
3. By joint resolution of Congress, April
10, 1869, certain lands were secured to the
State of Kansas for the support of public
schools, in addition to lands conveyed by gen-
eral law, comprising a total of 220,065 acres,
which, it is estimated, will realize to the school
fund over one million dollars. (Ibid., page
141.)
4. Upon the admission of Missouri as a
State in 1820, Congress gave two townships of
the best land in the State for the support of a
seminary of learning, which were estimated
to be worth in 1832, $500,000. (Ibid., page
203.)
And in the city of St. Louis the public
schools rest largely on the donations made by
Congress while Missouri was a Territory. This
property is estimated at $2,000,000. (Ibid.,
page 205.)
5. In the admission of Texas to the Union
I believe the whole domain of that State, which
is an empire in itself, was reserved to the State,
enough to develop all the material interests,
and to secure to the people a princely endow-
ment for their schools. These are some of
the many special acts of Congress which goto
illustrate the growth of education in this coun-
try, and the policy of the Government to foster
it wherever it is possible to do so in the dis-
tribution of these munificent endowments to
public schools in this country.
C. Among the special acts of Congress ex-
tending aid to the States 1 mention the swamp-
land grants, which have been used largely for
educational purposes. The number of acres
thus transferred amount to 01,071,356.03.
(lieport Commissioner of Land OiEce for 1871,
page 38.)
7. Nor must I, Mr. Speaker, overlook the
fact that about the year 1836 Congress directed
that $37,000,000, the proceeds of public lands
then in the Treasury, should be distributed to
the several States, which also went to swell
the large endowment to public schools.
I have thus, Mr. Speaker, presented the
points upon which our claim to this land-dona-
tion rests, and submit them with confidence in
the belief that they must impress you as they
have impressed us. Let me, in conclusion,
quote from Professor Barnard, in his special
report to Congress, made at the request of
Congress, upon the public schools of the Dis-
trict of Columbia. (Page 140.) He says :
" I need hardly remind the House of the liberality
of the (Tovernmcnf toward the several States in
tho disposition ot tlie public lands. Out of more
than 80.00J.000 acres of these lands appropriated
expressly lor educational purposes to States and
Territories already constituted, and $37,000,000 of
the surplus revenue deposited with the several
States in 1830, which could have been so devoted
by the States receiving the same, thisj( District
received no portion." * * * * "In these
magnificent endowments the District has had no
share. 'An appropriation in land or money to this
District at :.his time would greatly aid m providing
necessarv school aecommodatis>i3 to meet the ex-
penses of an enlarged course of public instruction
■worthy of tho capital of the country."
I quote also from the report of the present
Commissioner ot Education, for 1870, pages
18 and 19:
"The white public schools of Washington can ac-
commodate about one third of tho whi te school popu-
lation, and the colored public schools about one half
of the colored school population.
" Comments as to the sufficiencyof the public school
system under these circumstances are hardly nec-
essary." 15 * * * 11 Whatever has been
the sentiment of the people of the District ot Co-
lumbia in times past, it is manifestly growing rap-
idly in favor of free public schools elsewhere so suc-
cessful.
" Among its citizens, in its corps of teachers and
its school officers, there have been some of the most
ardent and competent friends of education. Their
endeavors are worthy of commendation. The right
and duty of Congress to take action cannot be ques-
tioned.
" Many special considerations cnforce the duty:
"1. The influence of a model hero would be ben-
eficial everywhere else in thecountry, and especially
in the South, now struggling tor the establishment
of efficient school systems.
"2. Government is the largest owner of property
here.
"3. Twenty-eightpereent. of thescholarsenrolled
in tho public schools last year belong to tho families
of those in Government employ."
The Commissioner in this connection sub-
mits the following comparison:
Value of school property on each $100, actual valua-
tion.
St. Louis - 1.32
Cleveland   07
Cambridge 80
Chicago 7ti
Washington     70
Boston 72
Louisville til
New Haven   fiO
Pittsburg     41
Providence 43
Detroit 42
Albany 37
And adds:
"According to this, the present endeavors mado
by tho citizens of this city compare well with those
of others. If this is correct, and thero still remains
a lack of school-houses and instruction, and alack
of means for tiiis purpose, is it not fair to infer til.it
the responsibility rests upon Congress ? "
1 wish I might explain to the House the
management of our schools. I would be glad
to show the unselfish, intelligent efforts which
our boards of trustees and superintendents,
white and colored, are making. But this is not
hero questioned, and 1 shall not take up the
time of the House upon that subject.
Mr. Speaker, it seems to me that I have but
glanced at the reasons and stated in but small
part the facts which demand of Congress the
passage of some such measure as is here pro-
posed. I know, sir, an idea is prevalent that the
District of Columbia is a sort of barnacle upon
the Government; that it draws its sustenance
from the public Treasury, giving back nothing ;
that we are a community of officeholders, and
wholly devoid of public spirit or enterprise.
I do not regard this as the time to vindicate
the District against such aspersions, or to pre-
sent the true relation which it bears to the
nation ; but I must remind gentlemen of the
fact that while we have received nothing from
the Government to aid our commerce, our
manufactures, or our schools, we have eontnb-
uted'no little to support the Government. We
have paid to the Treasury in revenue, exclusive
of tax on salaries, since tho establishment ot'
the Internal Itevenue Bureau, $4,344,695 80.
Compare this with the revenue derived from
the other Territories, ten in number. They
have paid $3,252,675 51 to the national Treas-
ury ; and yet I have shown that they have
received of the public domain tor support of
schools nearly thirty-five million acres of pub-
lic lands! And, Mr. Speaker, we stand in
honorable comparison with some of the pros-
perous States of the Union. Nebraska, which
has aland grant for schools worth $10,000,000,
has paid into the Treasury but about one f'oui 111
as much as the District of Columbia. Kansas
has paid in but little more than Nebraska, and
Minnesota but about half as much as the Dis
trici, and many other States have paid less.
I mention these facts to refute the charge
that we are leeches crying " Give, give!'' I
admit, sir. we have cried give, but our cry has
not been answered.
But, sir, rich as is this theme of education,
splendid as have been the achievements of pop-
ular schools in solving the problem of self-
government in this country, gladly as I would
pursue it into its relations with our republican
institutions, I must forbear. I have spoken
and shall speak only to the single question—
the duty of the national Government toward
the national capital in supporting our common
schools. I ask, sir, that we shall be treated at
least as well as other of our citizens are treated.
I say nothing of the desirability of establish-
ing model schools here, which alone should
plead our cause successfully. I say nothing
of other considerations equally weighty, but
have confined myself simply to practical, pal-
pable, and self-evident propositions, and have
planted myself'on the broad ground that ihe
Government cannot now turn aWay and refuse
to apply the precedents it has already so wisely
established, nor give a deaf ear to the petition
of its own wards who are here either in its own
service or by its own act.
Mr. Speaker, 1 submit my case, which is the
suit of over thirty thousand youths. If the
District of Columbia is a part of the Union,
it is entitled to the aid I am urging, or the
Government should repeal all laws passed in
support of schools ; if the exceptional condi-
tion of our community, which 1 have pointed
out, cannot find some response in these Halls,
then must we either exclude all children from
our schools whose parents contribute nothing
to their support—which would be a blow at the
verv foundation of popular education—or you
must, compel us to educate others to the exclu-
sion of our own children.
Sir, I appeal to that broad catholic spirit
which ha« characterized our national Legisla-
ture ; I appeal to that enlightened public con-
science which has dictated our school system ;
I appeal to as just and wise a Congress as ever
graced our capital to efface now and forever
the cruel discrimination which has excluded
tho District of Columbia from any share in the
royal bequests of the nation under which the
common schools in every other State and Ter-
ritory in this broad land are flourishing. And,
sir, 1 make this appeal with an abiding faith
in the justicl of our cause, and in the profound
belief that the bill now under consideration
will become the law of the land.
PUBLIC LANDS FOR Till! TOILING POOR.
Mr. COG1ILAN. Mr. Speaker, I had the
honor of introducing, some weeks ago, Ihe
following resolution proposing an amendment
to the Constitution in relation to the disposal
of the public lands of the United States, which
I propose to make tho basis of my remarks at
this time:
Joint resolution proposing an amendment to tho
Constitution of the United States in relation to
the disposal of the public lands.
Hesolned by ihe Semite and Home of Hepreientn-
tioiH of the United States of America <n Coiigienn
i/w mldcd, (two thirds of each House eonenrrmg
therein,) That tho following article be proposed to
t'ie Legislatures of tho several Stares, as an amend-
ment to the Constitut ion of the United St ates which,
when ratified by three fourths of said State, shall
becotno and be held a part of tho Constitution of the
United Stales:
Article —.
Section- 1. The public land of the United States
shall not be disposed of except to actual settlers
thereon, lor homestead purposes only, and in quan-
tities limited by general laws.
I know of no question so vitally interesting
to the people of the United States as this. I
introduced this proposed amendment because I
hold the following propositions to be true:
that the public lands belong to the people ;
(hat they should only be parted with in small
quantities as homesteads for tho poor, and that
this result can only be reached by constitutional
amendment.
The first of these propositions is so simple
that it would seem to need only its statement
to verify its truth ; for in all times and under
all Governments the chief power in the nation
has assumed and lias been conceded the right
to dispose by gift, or otherwise ol all lands
acquired by the Government by treaty, sale,
or conquest, the title to which was not claimed
by private individuals. Thus we find the kings
