602
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 8,
Ho. (xf Beps.
Treatment of Prisoners of War—Mr. Shanks.
42d Cong.... 2d
slavery? Yes, in cases which give right to kiil
them when they have rendered themselves person-
ally guilty of some crime deserving death. The
ancients used to sell their prisoners of war for slaves.
They indeed thought they, had the right to put them
to death. In every circumstance when I cannot
innocently take away my prisoner's life X have no-
right to make him a slave1. If I spare his life and
condemn him to a state-so contrary to thenatureof
man, I still continue with him the state of war. He
lives under no obligation to me, for what is life With-
out freedom-? If any one counts life a Favor'when
the grant of it is attended with chains, be it so ; let
him accept the kindness, submit to the destiny which
awaits him, and fulfill the dutiesannexed to it. But
he mtist apply to some other write* to teach him
those duties. There have been authors enough whet
have amply treated of them. I shall dwell no lQnger
on the subject, and indeed that disgrace is happily
Vanished from Europe."—Vattel's Law of Nations.
" In the* preceding chapter we have .traced the
manner in which, as civilization has advanced, a
milder and more humane treatmenthas gradually
pervaded the usages of modern warfarb as regards
personal violence; and the same improved under-
standing of what the l$w of nature commands is
observable in the more lenient treatmentnowusual
with regard to prisoners of war. Bat the amend-
ment of these latter usages has been more gradual,
principally, I think, because the customs of war-
fare, with regard to prisoners, have till very lately
proceeded wholly from a wrong basis. It has been
customary for many ages to regard captives not as
persons who, from no longer resisting, are no longer
fit objects for violence, but as persons to whom the
conqueror has grants life, and of whom he has, in
return for that gift, the absolute disposal, so that
he might employ them for any purpose and regard
them wholly as his property, treating them as per-
sons who have no longer Independent rights of their
own."—-Manning's Law of Nations, page 155.
"Such lenity as was granted to prisoners of war
during the classic era and the succeeding period till
the middle ages might be partly owing to the clem-
ency of the victor, but the lives of captives were also
spared because they wore valuable as the slaves of
the conqueror. The reader need hardly be reminded
that a vanquished people often became the property,
if the term may be allowed, of the victorious in*
vader—as the Gauls of the Franks. They changed
owners with the soil on which they lived, and were
sometimes more nearly regarded as live stock than
as fellow crcatures, subjected to tho most brutal «nd
degrading usages, and only holding their lives by
the security of an insulting fine. Christianity, a
blessing wherever its spirit prevailod, mitigated the
hardship of slavery, and occasioned frequent man-
umissions, and was undoubtedly the cause why sla-
very finally ceased to exist inEurope."—idem, pa*ge
156.
"It is not surprising thatG-rotius, deriving the/ws
(jentium from the practico of nations, and writing
when the ages above referred to afforded the prece-
dents from which ho drew his conclusions, should
allow the harshest treatment with regard to prison-
ers of war. He says that captives may bo used as
slaves; that their descendants born in captivity ore
allslaves; that any property they may acquire be-
longs to their master, and that any violence toward
them is allowable, jure gentium, though he afterward
says that natwalbj ratio doe?! not permit cruel treat-
ment. He says, however, that Christians cannot be
made slaves by Christians; and in a subsequent
chaptor entitled'emJper«mea<'M?n circa rapton, he roc-
ominends elemeney to the owners of slaves: but
he fully admits the right of treating prisoners as
slaves to the extent of saying that such slaves cannot
rightfully run away to obtain thoir freedom, un-
less, he adds, they are tho victims of intolerable hard-
ship. "—Idem, page 159.
" It was, however, with some surprise, at first,
that I found what harsh opinions ivore entertained
by Bynkershoek, upon whose writings I had always
been accustomed to look with so much rospect. But,
like preceding writers he proceeds upon the suppo-
sition that tho victor, having the right of life and
death, has nocesxarily the most absolute power over
the prisoners whose liVes he has spared. Thiis ho
defends the conduct of the Dutch, who hung some
Spanish prisoners because they were not ransomed ;
and he also mentions it as the usual practice of the
Butch, as they did not employ slaves themselves, to
sell to the Spaniards any prisoners whom they took
from the Barbary Power!?; and hequotesordinanees
to this effect, made in 1661 and 1664. These opin-
ions are, at first, surprising, as coming from a most
able jurist living in the time of our George I and
George II, but this feeling vanishes as soon as it is
recoihectcd that the asstento contract, permitting
British subjects to convey slaves from Africa to the
Spanish "West Indies, was the favorite subject of
British diplomacy at that period; that thu* Great
Britain, if not the thief, was the receiver ot stolen
goods, and was then habitually acting upon prin-
ciples that now strike us as monstrous."—Idem,
page 160.
THE CUSTOM OF RANSOJI.
The practice of enslaving prisoners of war
yielded during the days of chivalry fo that of
ransom for money or properly, as well as for
private or public advantage to the captor. This
custom was not entirely eradicated, even among
Christian n&tions> aslafce-a® 1802; There are
ver^ many interesting instances found in the
boots touching this subject, from .which it
seems that from the eleveath to the fifteenth
century1 this custom w&s a>t its height. Bat
while it had its advantages ovex tVe" two more
barbarous practices that preceded it, it also
had thfe e$fect often to recall one or the' other
of these, either from disappointment in pro-
curingpthe ransom demanded-or-to enforce its
more certain and prompt payment. The cus-
tom often encouraged wars ^s a source of gain
from the capture aud forced- redemption of
prisoners. ' • -
The feader may obtain a more succinct and
interesting view of this practice, which suc-
ceeded death find slavery in the disposal of
prisoners of war, by an examination of the fol-
lowing authorities, which are here introdu6ed
at gome length. From these it will be seen
that the right to demand ransom for a prisoner
of war has coased to be law among civilized
people. With its antecedents, death and Sla-
very, it has passed away as a rule of war.
"To the slavery of prisoners succeeded thp custom
of exchanging them according to their respective
grades and ranks, and detaining them until re-
deemed. And the necessity of redeeming them is
sometimes expressed in troatios with a specified sum,
according to the dignity of each person that maybe
taken, which sum being paid there is an end of that
mmmum jun which belongs to the victors over their
prisoners."—IjynkershoeK's Lawn of War, page
"In those times also there existed a, custom in full
vigor which is to bo traced to very remote antiquity,
but which the mildnes? of modern improvements
seems to have totally abolished—I mean the practice
of exacting ransoms for tho liberty of prisoners.
Originally, from the supposed right of putting cap-
tives to death, it was held lawful to reduce them, as
an act of mercy, to perpetual slavery, of which in
the preceding chapters wo have selected various in-
stances; nor was trio practice wholly worn out evon
so far down as the fourteenth century."— Ward's Law
of Nations, page 178.
"Probably tho same reason, that of considering
the vanquished as the property of the victor, gave
occasion to the custom of demanding ransom for tho
liberation of prisoners, which was sometimes prac-
tipoql by tho Scandinavian nations, and which, in
ihednys of chivalry, was so frequently in use as to
bocotae the subject of established rules. These rules
Mr. Ward has investigated at some longth, and to
bis interesting treatise I would refor tho reader who
requires more details than are found in the scanty
notice practicable in the present chapter. One rule
seoms to have been that, unlike booty carried to a
common stock, prisoners of war became the property
of hiui who took them, though in some cases the
king seems to havo had the right of claiming them
on the payment of a sort of maximum price.
"Thus tho French king is said to havo had the
privilege of purchasing any prisoner for ten thou-
sand livres; and this was the price paid by our Eng-
lish king, Edward III, aa the price of the French
King John, from whom he aftorward exacted a
ransom said to be equal to £1,500,000 ot our present
money. It was probably the same sort of preroga-
tive that Henry IV exercised when he forbade the
Porcicsto ransom tho prisoners taken atllolmdown,
and thereby drove that family into rebellion. And
reasons of state sometimes induced a monarch to
refuse all ransom for a prisoner. Charles V, of
France, puichased the famous Captal do Buche of
his captor ior twelve hundied livres, and shut him
up in the Temple at Paris, refusing all the offers of
ransom made by Edward III; and Henry V made
it his dying injunction that the Duke of Orleans and
Count d'Eu, made prisoners at Agmcourt,, should
not be released till his infant son was capable of
governing, nor were they allowed to ransom them-
selves till sevonteen yeais afterward; and Waler-
land, Count of St. Pol, being taken by the English,
was reluped liberty or ransom, but was allowed to
be at large on parole, and lived at the court of
Edward III, where he married Matilda Courtenay,
a princess of the blood.
'But when such reasons of state did not in-
terfere. the captor disposed of his prisoners foV
his own emolument; and that this was often
considerable is shown by the fycfc that Bertrand
du Gueselm, who had no estate, but was a soldier
of fortune, valued his own ransom at one hun-
dred thousand livres. Tue captor of David, of Scot-
land, endowed by Edward III with £500 a
year in land; Charles, of Btois, had to pay seven
hundred thousand crowns for his ransom; Michael
de la Pole, Duke of Suffolk, paid £20,000 ster-
ling when no more than a simple knight; and the
Duke of Alencon had to pay two hundred thou-
sand crowns for his ransom. The large sums ac-
quired by ransoms are supposed to have materially
contnbuted to th« gieat &tate maintained by many
knights, and the English are represented by Philip
dc (Jomines as always desirous of a war with
France, not only from a wish for the plunder of the
towns, but also from a remembrance of the ransoms
of. the, princes and lords who were occasionally
taken.
* *' Arid th4 seneschal of St. Die is said to have died
of rogret-ai losing tho'great ransom he might have
gaipedh$d hetaken the, Duke of Burgundy prisoner
at'^ho battle of Nan?y instead of killing him without
ktfo!wm'gr'who" he was. Prisoners whose ransoms
werekniown were-occasioaally transferred from one
owner tp ajuofjher* ,(The .^arl-qf Pembroke, whose
ransom was valued at one hundred and twenty
thousand IWreg, was j>aid d^et to Du Guesclfn, in
part Of the purchase money of some estate sold by
that general; but the earl woe -aT¥l the money
was not to'be paid for his ransom till he had recov-
ered, and unfortunately for Dtr Gftiesclin, the earl
died before he-left France, so thafrtheconstable lost
his money. Some other English prisoners vver^also
transferred at the same time in payment for some
Spanish estates. And prisoners were sometimes
given away as presents fromcne pea-sera to another,
as in a case of a prisoner of the hoijse.of Blois, pre-
sented by Bichard II to the Duke of Ireland, and
sold by him to Oliver de Clisson for one hundred and
twenty thousand livceay ' ' -
"And unfortunate were they who had no means
of satisfying the demands of their captors; for the
rights of IheVictorupon hidprigo&er appear in those
days to have been considered as absolute and un-
limited; and as the power of using prisoners as
slaves no longer existed, those prisoners who could
pay n& i*ahsomS were useless to the captor, and were
sometimes the victims of what we now esteem un-
ju?tifial?le cruelty. In 14-41, Charles VII, said to be
a prince remarkableiormiidnessin that age, brought
to Paris some English prisonors, who were chained
by the necle like dogs, and exposed, nearly naked, to
the gaze of the populace; those.whocould pay their
ransom were then set free, but those who could not,
who wefe by far the greater number, were bound
hand and foot and thrown into the Seine. And
Henry V, when he ordered the prisoner^ to be slain
upon the alarm after the battle of Agincourt, saved
fchose'only from whom he expected considerable ran-
soms. Such was the warfareof -the days of chivalry,
over which we yet linger with delight, dazzled by
(heir georgeousness into a forgetfulness of their
cruelty, and too intent upon tho heroism of a few to
consider the sufferings of the many."—Manning's
Law of Nation#, page 156.
"The ancient practice of putting prisoners of
war to death, or selling them into slavery, gradually
gave way to that of ransoming, which continued
through the feudal wars of tho middle ages. By a
cartel of March 12,1780, between France and Eng-
land, the ransom in the case of a field marshal or
captain general was fixed at sixty pounds sterling.
And even as late as the treaty of Amiens in 1802, be-
tween Great Britain and the French and Batavian
republics, it was deemed necessary to stipulate that
the prisoners on both sides should be restored with-
out ransom. The present usage of exchanging
prisoners without any ransom was early mtroduced
among the more polished nations and was pretty
firmly established in Europe before the end of the
seventeenth century."—Ilalleck's Laws of War, page
431, sections 8 and 11.
Exceptional cases are found of a much more
recent date, and one to which the United States
was a party, yielding in behalf of its unfortu-
nate sailors who might fall prisoners to a semi-
barbarous State, something to this obsolete
practice:
"In the treaty between the United States and
Morocco, in 1787, it was agreed that ail prisoners
were to be exchanged, and not used as slaves, and
that any balance ot prisoners should be redeemed at
the rate of one hundred Mexican dollars a man.
And after Lord Exmouth had obtaiued the freedom
of Christian prisoners, the previous permission to
employ thorn as slaves seems recognized in the
treaty between Tuscany and Tunis, in 1816, which
states that all prisoners taken before Lord Ex-
mouth's treaty were to be considered as slaves and
ransomed; but that all taken alter that period were
to be released without ransom ."—Manning, page 161.
EXCHANGES.
Tbe practice of ransom, which was the third
step toward a more humane treatment of pris-
oners of war, at last gave way to the fourth, or
that of exchange, which was introduced among
Christian communities in the eighteenth cen-
tury. It is usually arranged among belliger-
ents by convention or cartel agreed upon by
the contending forces. General principles of
exchange are established in the interests of civ-
ilization and humanity, while violations or bad
faith in the execution of their provisions are
held to be the remnant of barbarism.
The general rule is to exchange man for
man and officer for officer, accordirg to rank,
or a scale of equivalents may be introduced
according to the determination of the parties.
While the terms of the cartel are, of course,
conventional, the right of the prisoners to be
