1550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
Ways and Means shall ever be able to reach
that point I do not expect; but that is the
point to which they are striving.
I have thrown out these figures for criti-
cism. If at any point either side of this
balance-sheet is found erroneous, it is better
we should know it, and know it as well as we
can from day to day, as bills come down to us
from the other branch. While I have been
speaking another bill from the Senate for the
erection of a public building has gone upon
your table. After we passed a bill the other
day appropriating $300,000 to erect public
buildings in the city of St. Louis, the super-
vising architect of the Treasury met them in
public meeting out there and told them if they
would get asite for $300,000 he would put up a
building costing $2,000,000. When they came
before the Committee on Appropriations last
year they told us that if we would give them
$300,000 they would take the old site and put
up the necessary public buildings without any
further cost.
I have given these figures and made these
statements in order to arouse the attention of
the House to this tendency, into which I fall
just as much as any other member of the
House, to add constantly and continually to
these expenditures of the Government.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I supposed when the
gentleman from Massachusetts asked me to
wait for one minute he did not mean to pre-
vent me from going on to put the inquiry to
him which I designed. If he wishes to dodge
the question he can do so. I want the oppor-
tunity to ask my question, and I would have
asked it before if I had not been prevented
by his remark, and I want to give hina an
opportunity of answering it if he be so
inclined 
Mr. DAWES. I beg pardon of the gentle-
man from Wisconsin if I have inadvertently
deprived him of the opportunity of asking his
question.
Mr. ELDREDGE. He has done precisely
that, very thing.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman from Iowa
will allow me I will resume the floor for the
purpose of hearing the question of the gentle-
man from Wisconsin.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I was looking the gen-
tleman in the face ; but I do not suppose he
intended to cut me off from asking my question.
Mr. DAWES. It was not intentional on my
part, I assure the gentleman. While I was
speaking the matter entirely slipped my mind.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I kept looking the gen-
tleman in the eye and begging him to allow me
to ask my question.
Mr. PALMER. This debate has wandered
a long way from this bill. I am not disposed
to be ungenerous, however, and as the gentle-
man from Wisconsin thinks he has been cut
off from the opportunity of saying something
on this subject, I move by unanimous consent
that the general debate on this bill be extended
for ten minutes.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask the gentleman from
Iowa to allow me to ask general consent to
make a brief statement as to the figures pre-
sented by the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means. I will consent to any limit-
ation of time after ten minutes for the pur-
pose simply of submitting some figures in addi-
tion to what the gentleman has submitted.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The gentleman from
Iowa has yielded the floor to me.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to a point
of order, that general debate has been closed
on this bill and we are now under the five-
minutes rule.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Having been prevented
from putting a question to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, I wish to know whether I am
now to be denied the privilege which has been
extended to me by the courtesy of the gentle-
man from Iowa.
Mr. PALMER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin seems to think he has been cut off from
replying to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
and I have therefore proposed, in order to
give him a chance to come in, that general
debate be extended for ten minutes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no objection
to hearing the gentleman from Wisconsin ;
but I make the point of order that the Com-
mittee of the Whole cannot extend the time
fixed for the debate.
The CHAIRMAN. It may by unanimous
consent.
The Clerk proceed to read the bill by para-
graphs foramendment, and read the following:
For pay of letter-carriers, $1,425,000.
Mr. L. MYERS. I move to strike out all
after " letter-carriers," and in lieu thereof to
insert "at $1,200 each per annum,$1,702,800."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make the point
of order on the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
stsite it
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I raise the point of
order on that amendment. The law-provides
as follows:
"Letter-carriers shall be employed at such post
offices as the Postmaster General shall direct, for
the dolivory of letters in the piaoes respectively
where such post offices are established: and for
their services thoy shall severally reccive a salary,
to he prescribed by the Postmaster Genera!, not
exceeding $800 per year: Provided, That on satis-
factory ovidenco of their diligence, fidelity, and
experience as carriers, tho Postmaster General may
inoroase thoir respective salaries from time to time
to any sum not exceeding 81,000."
The law prescribes that the salary of the
letter-carriers shall not exceed a certain sum.
This amendment is therefore in contravention
of existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that
the point of order is well taken.
message from the senate.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union informally rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, a message from the
Senate vra.4 communicated by Mr. Symvson,
one of its clerks, informing the House that the
Senate had agreed, with amendments, in which
the concurrence of the House of Representa-
tives was requested, to a resolution of the
House to piiut extra copies of the first eight
tables of the census report.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed a resolution, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested, tendering
the thanks of Congress to tho people of the
State of Connecticut for the statues of Jona-
than Trumbull and Roger Sherman, and ac-
cepting these works of art in the name of the
nation.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, bills of the
following titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 330) to issue an American
register to the brig A. L. Palmer; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1538) for the construction
of an addition to the United States court-house
and post office building in Indianapolis, Indi-
ana, and for the purchase of additional ground
adjoining the site of said building.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill of tije following title;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested * *
A bill (S. No. 514) for the relief of Albert
Wieland.
post office appropriation bill.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union resumed its session.
Mr. L. MYERS. I offer another amend-
ment to the pending paragraph. I move to
strike out the paragraph and to substitute for
it the following:
For salaries of letter-carriers, $1,702,800.
Mr. CREBS. I make the point of order
that that would be an increase of the salaries
of letter-carriers in contravention of the law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that
the point of order is not well taken. -This
does not change the law. The sum appro-
priated can only be disbursed in accordance
with existing law.
Mr. L. MYERS. I have at last succeeded
in getting this question before the committee,
notwithstanding points of order, and I trust we
shall have a vote upon it.
I have little to add to what I said in the general
debate. The gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] has for two weeks had his speech
ready to deliver on the William and Mary Col-
lege bill, and the speech he has just delivered
would have been as applicable to that bill as
it is to this, and it is just as applicable to this
bill as it would have been to that, having no
possible connection with either.
The gentleman from Massachusetts made a
similar speech a year or two ago upon the
League Island bill. He was not particularly
opposed to League Island, so he said, but he
had a discourse to make upon economy, and
he thought he would make it when the League
Island bill was before the House. Iu regard
to that speech and the rest of his sayings, are
they not written in the Globe, as this will be 1
It turned out, however, that his estimates of
the expenditures of the Government, despite
the declarations of the gentleman on that occa-
sion, were not prophecies.
The Republican party justly boast that not-
withstanding the array of figures about the ex-
penditures of the Government, year by year
our resources have so developed that we are
paying off rapidly the national debt. Last
year, we are told by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury and by the President, that we paid off
$94,327,0(54, and from March 1, 1869, to De-
cember 1, 1871, we paid off $277,000,000,
and reduced the annual interest on the debt,
by $10,741,000.
The prophecies, therefore, of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, in the face of the facts
which we have before us, go for nothing, and,
I say it with great respect, they have nothing
whatever to do with the subject before the
committee.
There is one question, and only one ques-
tion here involved. You have appropiiated in
the paragraph just before this a large amount
for salaries for clerks, and nothing is said
against that. You are appropriating millions
upon millions for the necessary expenses of the
Government, and giving the employes of the
Government generally larger salaries than
those contemplated by my amendment; and yet,
in defiance of the request of the people, and
in defiance of common justice, you want these
letter-carriers to continue in a laborious em-
ployment, an employment of great trust, where
they have to give bonds, where the cost of their
uniforms is deducted from their salaries, where
they have to pay for substitutes, where they
have to work twelve to fourteen hours a day in
all weathers—you wish these men, who contri-
bute to the happiness and convenience of the
people as much as any class of men in the com-
munity, to remain at miserable pay, too uncer-
tain to be called a salary, upon which they can
scarcely support their families respectably.
I have said the sentiment of the country has
come to us declaring unmistakably that this is a
false economy. I think irtte always false econ-
omy as well as injustice to assert the laborer
is not worthy of his hire. No sound reason
has been shown the committee against the
proposition to increase these salaries. Why
is it that the Appropriation Committee do not
seem to have studied this subject carefully?
It is admitted by the gentleman who reports
the bill that they have simply followed the
old plan because it was the old plan, and it
is gravely asserted, without examination, that
this free-delivery system is not self-sustaining,
when I show by figures just the contrary. It
is also said that the law confines the system
to cities of fifty thousand inhabitants or more.
That is equally incorrect. By the acts of
March 3, 1863, and July 1, 1864, it may be
established in such cities as the Postmaster
