3842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 11,
five;" and in line nine, to strike out" ten" and
insert tl fifteen."
Mr. HOAR. Allow me to state a fact,
which is this: that I understood, and I know
some other gentlemen in my neighborhood so
understood, that when these first nine lines
were read the Clerk was not reading the sec-
tion of the bill but something growing out of
the motion of the gentleman from Kentucky.
I would myself rather have the other thing
done, so far as my own opinion goes, but it
certainly seems to me to be but fair to
begin again with this section by unanimous
consent.
Mr. DAWES. Let the whole paragraph
be considered.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to
going back to the beginning of the section?
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
Mr. DAWES. Pending the motion of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox] I desire
to propose a substitute for the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Beck,] so as to have it pending wheu his
amendment shall come up for consideration.
The amendment of Mr. Dawes was as fol-
lows :
Sbc. —. That on and after tho 1st day of July
next, in lieu of the duties imposed bylaw on the arti-
cles in this section enumerated, there shall be levied,
collectcd, and paid 011 the goods, wares, and mer-
chandise in this section enumerated and provided
for, imported from foreign countries, ninety per
cent, of the several duties and rates of duty now
imposed by law upon said articles severally, it being
the intent of this section to reduce existing duties
on said artielos ton ) or cent, of such duties; that
is to say.
On ail manufactures of cotton of which cotton is
tho component part of chief valuo.
On all wools, hair of the alpaca p;oat, and other
like animals, and in all manufactures wholly or in
part of wool or hair of tho alpaca, and other like
animals.
On all iron, and on all manufactures of iron, of
which such inotul is tho component part of chief
valuo, excepting cotton machinery and steel rails.
On all manufactures of India rubber, gutta-porcha,
or straw, and on oil-cloths of all descriptions: Pro-
vided, That tho rate of duty upon umbrellas, para-
sols. and sunshades shall m no caso be less than is
imposed upon goods of tho same material and qual-
ity as I he coverings thereof.
On all siy.ed paper.
On lumber and manufactures of lumber.
Nko. —. That, tho provisions of section six of the
act  pproved March 18(55, entitled " An act amend-
atory of certain acts imposing duties upon foreign
importations," wero not intended and shall not be
held to apply to tho mticlcs mentioned in the act
approved March 2,1K67, entitled "An act to provide
revenue iroiu imported wool, and for other pur-
poses."
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox] is
the amendment immediately pending before
the committee. Upon that amendment he is
entitled to the floor for five minutes. The
gentleman yielded to the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Kkrr] to propose an amendment
to the text, which the Chair decides to be out
of order.
Mr. KERR. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts proposes that we begin again on the
section.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to that.
Mr. DAWKS. Then 1 will move that the
committee now rise and obtain an order from
the House upon that subject.
Mr. COX. I claim the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion for the
committee to rise will be in order as soon as
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox] has
concluded his remarks.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I rise to a point
of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
state it.
Mr. SPIliER, oi Georgia. Can the gentle-
man from New York hold the floor for five
minutes or for five hours, as he pleases?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
New York is entitled to his five minutes under
the rule. Other matters have intervened and
consumed time which will not be taken out
of the five minutes. The gentleman from
New York will now proceed wit,h his remarks,
after which the Chair will recognize the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to submit a motion
that the committee rise.
Mr. COX. 1 propose this amendment for
the purpose of testing the sense of the House
as to the reduction of twenty per cent, on cot-
ton. That is what I proposed in the amend-
ment that I sent up, the reduction averaging
about twenty per cent. If my amendment be
adopted, the first nine lines will need amend-
ment to make them sensible. The gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] Ibelieve, proposed
fifteen per cent, reduction.
Mr. KERB. My idea is this: the House has
already negatived a proposition for a twenty
per cent, reduction. It then resolved that it
would consider a proposition for a reduction
of ten per cent. Now I want to come half
way between those two reductions and testthe
sense of the House on five per cent.
Mr. COX. The House has not voted upon
cotton singly and alone, but upon a general
proposition embracing cotton in connection
with various other subjects. I want the prop-
osition with reference to cotton considered
separately. The duty upon cotton goods ought
certainly to be reduced twenty per cent.
Mr. KKRR. I agree to that.
Mr. COX. I do not propose this as the
utmost which I would be in favor of. I would
like to see the duty cut down thirty per cent,
or forty per cent.
Mr. DAWES. One hundred and twenty-
five per cent.
Mr. COX. Yes, sir; I know that on some
of these goods the duty has been as high as
one hundred and fifty, and in some cases more
than two hundred per cent. This tariff ought
certsgnly to be amended for the benefit of the
cotton consumers of the country, lfthis propo
sition should be voted down, let the question
betaken afteiward on the amendment of my
friend from Indian, [Mr. Keiui,] which is better
perhaps than mine. I insist on a vote upon
my amendment in order to disentangle the
House from its present trouble by reason of
these various motions and substitutes. I move
that the committee rise, so that the House may
adopt an order for the settlement of this diffi-
culty.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desiro to say 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Cox] waive his motion
that the committee rise?
Mr. COX. I insist upon my motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Sco-
fieu) reported that, pursuant to the order of
the House, the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had under consid-
eration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the bill (H. li. No. 2322) 'to re-
duce duties on imports, and to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
Mr. DAWES. 1 move that section two be
considered in Committee of the Whole as one
paragraph open to amendment.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Thatbeinganew
proposition, I move that the House adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
proposition of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] as he understands it. The
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] has
pending in Committee of the Whole a propo-
sition in the nature of a substitute for the sec-
ond section, which embraces twenty-five lines.
A misunderstanding has arisen as to whether
the first time lines of the section were under-
stood as having been passed over, aud there-
fore beyond the power of amendment. _ The
Chair, as a member of the committee, knows
that the understanding of the committee was
that those nine lines were not passed; the
apprehension of the committee was that they
were still open to amendment. Had the
Speaker been in the chair he would have
entertained as within the rules the proposition
of the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Fjxk-
elnburg] to consider the first twenty-five
lines, which constitute the entire second sec-
tion, as one proposition. They contem-
plate a single rate of percentage, and that
method of considering the question would
subserve the convenience of the House and
preserve the rights of every member of the
committee. After all amendments designed
to perfect the text had been voted down the
proposition of the gentleman from Kentucky
would be voted on as a substitute. Is there
any objection to having this understanding
adopted as instructions to the Committee of
the Whole? The Chair hopes there will be no
objection.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
Mr. DAWES. I now move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into ■
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the bill (H. R. No. 2322) to re-
duce duties on imports, and to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Scofield in the chair,) aud resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 2322) to re-
due# duties on imports, and to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. Under the instructions
of the House, the Clerk will now report the
second section of the bill, in reference to any
part of which amendments are now in order.
The Clerk read as follows:
See. 2. That on and after the day and year when
this act shall take effect, in lieu of the duties im-
posed by law on the articles in this section enumer-
ated there shall be levied, collected, and paid on
the goods, wares, and merchandise in this section
enumerated and provided for, iinportedfrom foreign
countries, ninety per cent, of the several duties and
rates of duty now imposed by law upon said articles
severally, it being the intent of this section to reduce
existing duties ou said articles ton per cent, of such
duties; that is to say:
On all manufactures of cotton of which cotton is
tho component part of chief value.
Ou all wools, hair of the alpaca goat and other
like animals, and all manufactures wholly or in part
of wool or hair of the alpaca, and other like ani-
mals.
On all iron, and on all manufactures of iron of
which iron is the component part of chief value 
excepting cotton-machinery.
On all metals not herein otherwise provided for,
and on all manufactures of metals of which either
of them is the component part of chief value.
On all manufactures of India rubber, gutta-percha,
or straw, and on oil-cloths of all descriptions: Pro-
vided, That the rate of duty upon umbrellas, para-
sols, and sunshadosjshall in no case be less than ia
imposed upon goods of thesarae material and quality
as the coverings thereof.
Mr. KERR. I now repeat the amendment
I made this morning.
Mr. COX. Wait until I get my amend-
ment in.
Mr. KERR. I withdraw my amendment
for the present, and will yield to the gentle-
man from New York.
Mr. COX. I move to strike out (( ninety"
in line six and insert "eighty;" so it will
read:
That on and after the day and year when this
act shall take effect.in lieu of the duties imposed by
law on the articles in this section enumerated there
shall be levied, collected, and paid on the goods,
wares, and merchandise in this section enumerated
and provided for, imported from foreign countries,
eighty per cent, of tho several duties and rates 01
duty now imposed by law upon said articles sev-
erally, &c.
And in line nine strike out "ten" and
insert "twentyso it will re«ad:
It being the intent of this section to reduce
existing duties on said articles twenty per cent, of
such duties; that is to say, &c.
And, in addition, I move to strike out all
after line nine and to insert, in lieu thereof
what was read by the Clerk when we were in
committee before, which was taken from the
majority bill repotted by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] and which I
suppose there is no necessity to have again
read.
Mr. EAMES. I ask that the amendment
