654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27.
of Great Britain granting to individual sub-
jects the wild lands in the American colonies.
This being the case, it follows that in this Re-
public, where the people are sovereign, they
have the sole right to alienate or dispose of
the public lands. That the public domain
should be parted with only in small quantities
as homesteads for the poor seems to me equally
apparent.
As long as poor human nature is constituted
as it now is, self-interest will be a strong mo-
tive power, and by this system you would build'
up thousands and millions of land-holders
whose interest in the soil would in turn edu-
cate them and-their families into tens of thou-
sands and tens of millions of stubborn and
determined defenders of the integrity of the
Republic. All history teaches that the land-
holder is a friend to stable government. He
has too much at stake to allow slight causes
or chimerical wrongs to lead him into revolt.
The agitator assaults him with fancied injuries
and petty complaints in vain, for he knows
that revolution inay lift the roof from over the
heads of his children, and even deprive him
of the title to his homestead itself. Nor is
this all. There is a higher impulse still. Own-
ership of the land promotes and fosters a pure
, patriotism. The land-owner, no matter how
small his domain, by his near relations to the
Government, by that lively, affection for his
home which all men feel, is filled with a glow-
ing love for his country and veneration for her
laws ; for has he not a part and parcel of her
soil? The bereaved mother who raises her
streaming eyes to heaven has a greater love
and adoration for its shining portals and golden
streets because she knows it is the home and
abiding place of her darling who has gone be-
fore. And so it is here. That man has a greater
love and affection for his country who knows
that while she exists he and his children have a
permanent home and abiding place on a part
of her domain.
But again, the adoption of this rule will
check the tendency to a kind of modern feud-
alism, which I conceive to be the growing evil
of the times. The concentration of immense
tracts of land into the hands of the few, of
necessity must create a landed aristocracy,
and place at its teet, bound hand and foot,
the labor interest of the country. We have
read history in vain, Mr. Speaker, if it has
not taught us that a landed aristocracy must
have some kind of slavery or serfdom to sup-
port it. That it cannot exist in a Republic
where all men are free our own history teaches.
The antagonism of slavery and a system of
small landed proprietors is strikingly exempli-
fied by the zupidity vvilli which the " peculiar
institution" disappeared from the eastern
States, and the late gigantic struggle with the
South has only too vividly portrayed the tena-
city with which the large landed proprietor
clings to a system without which his large
estates are cumbersome and of no value.
When yon destroyed slavery at the South
you, unwittingly perhaps, struck a death-blow
at her system of large estates. It may struggle
on for a few years, but the restitution of slav-
ery alone can prevent the disintegration of the
large plantations of the South and the substi-
tution of a system of small proprietorships,
under whose rule the South will rise to a pros-
perity and grandeur which no debasing slave
system can ever hope to reach.
But the dark side of this particular point is
yet to be stated. While you were making this
glorious change for the better in one section
of your country, you were in another building
up and fostering a series of princely estates
so magnificent hi their proportions, that the
vast domain of a feudal lord would scarcely
make a garden for one of these newly created
land monarchsl And with the system must
come its inevitable follower, or rather twin-
sister, slavery. For one cannot exist without
the other. Must come, did I say ? We of the
great West already see her horrible face as
she wriggles her filthy body from the coast of
Asia across the Pacific to pollute with her
poisonous breath the fragrant air in the beau-
tiful valleys of the western slope ; and the
name of this new slavery is " Chinese cooly-
ism."
Another point: by retaining the public lands
for the actual settler, you insure its present
occupation and rapid improvement. The small
proprietor, with a pride that can only come
from a personal contact with the soil which
is his, and his only, labors and struggles to
cultivate and beautify it with an energy, a
perseverance, and an affection which would
shame the cold, passionless, and sordid feelings
of the mere speculator. The small farmer
loves his little tract, for it is associated in his
mind with his daily bread, the happiness of his
little ones, and all the comforts of his coming
old age. In a word, it is to be his home in life,
and he hopes that when his race shall have
been run, and his little family shall know him
no more forever, that some shady nook in the
dear old homestead, torn from the wilderness
by his own strong arm, may half conceal, half
reveal the humble slab that shall relate to the
passer-by the simple history of his lowly life.
Pass this law, and with the beneficent home-
stead law on your statute-books you offer to
the American poor the hope, the certainty of
escaping from the very jaws of poverty, and
of springing at one bound into comparative
competency and plenty. The far West is a
garden whose rich soil iuvites the plowshare
with a promise of never-failing golden harvests.
Her magnificent rivers invite the commerce
of the world. Her gigantic mountains, cov-
ered with choice timber, and her immense coal
beds point her out as the paradise of manufac-
tories ; and her inexhaustable mineral fields
proclaim her the richest portion of the globe.
Give the people to know that the wealthiest
capitalist can do no more toward acquiring
an interest in her virgin soil than the poorest
man who walks your cities' streets, and you
will find that poverty will disappear from the
land as by a miracle, for the humblest, lowliest,
and most poverty-stricken citizen can settle on
a piece of land, and by this beneficent policy,
find a home which will not only raise him to
the dignity which property always gives to
man, but will produce all the necessaries and
many of the luxuries which his former life
denied him. Nor should it be forgotten that
poverty is the most prolific of all the sources
of crime. Is it, then, no argument in favor of
the system I propose that it assists in some
degree at least in suppressing the temptation
to wrong doing? It seems to me that this is
one of the chief objects of all legislation, and
though it may appear to the superficial or casual
observer that this argument is far-fetched and
sophistical, yet the logic of cause and effect
will convince any candid and thinking mind
of the truth of this assertion. It will widen
the field of industry and enhance the wages of
labor. As the labor marts become crowded
and the supply begins to exceed the demand,
the surplus instead of struggling for a scanty
subsistence by competition in an over-crowded
market, will see the rich prizes held out by a
beneficent Government, and will scatter out
upon the broad public domain, and build up
another labor market, which shall in turn give
work at remunerative wages to thousands from
the crowded cities of the older settlements.
Nor is this all; by thus bettering the condition
of the poor, you enable them to send their
children to the schools, and they are prepared
for the duties and high privileges of American
citizenship. You thus suppress ignoranceand
raise up to the Republic an intelligent people,
who will prove an impenetrable bulwark to
American freedom!
Mr. Speaker, while listening to the debate the
other day upon the bill to promote education,
it occurred to me that the gentlemen who so
ably and eloquently advocated that statesman-
like and patriotic project, and whose telling
arguments upon the advantages of education
in a national point of view cannot be contro-
verted—it occurred to me. I say, that they did
not probe that important question to the
bottom. It deserves and has ever received
the glowing eulogies of the orator, the calm
approval of the historian, and the profound
respect of the statesman. But in this great
Republic, based upon the intelligent suffrages
of a free people, the education of the masses
should be the first great object of all legislation ;
for education is the base and foundation upon
which the broad fabric of free institutions upon
this continent rests. Deprive the people of its
advantages, and you have indeed a Govern-
ment which resembles an inverted cone—a
pyramid resting upon its apex—which the
slightest wave of popular excitement will dash
into a thousand hideous fragments.
Therefore I say the educational bill is of
vast importance. It assists in furnishing the
free schools at which the children of the poor
may be educated ; but establish the rule that
the public lands shall be forever dedicated as
homesteads for the poor, and millions of the
people's children will have the opportunity of
attendiug these schools. Their little hands
will not be compelled to harden, and their
bodies to become dwarfed and deformed by
the forced labor which poverty necessarily
wrings from little ones who, in happier sta-
tions, would still require the nurse's care.
Save the public domain for the people, and
centuries will elapse before this happy land
will see that crushing, abject poverty, so com-
mon in Europe, which compels the tender
infant of ten years to contribute his mite to-
ward the support of the family to which his
little life has added a burden that cannot be
borne without assistance from even his tiny
arms. And by freeing the families of the poor
from this dire necessity you will enable their
children to attend school, and give them, in
truth, an opportunity to acquire that intelli-
gence and knowledge which skould distinguish
every citizen of a free Republic.
Contrary to those who favor the granting of
the public land for internal improvement, I
contend that the rule I ask this House to make
would give an impetus to the settlement of the
great West which would far outstrip the fan-
cied rapidity with which railway lines settle up
the country. The uncertainty as to what par-
ticular tracts are covered by the railway grant;
the ease with which the line of road may be
changed from one location to another in which
the land is of more value, probably made so
by the fact of settlement; the length of time
that must elapse before the settler can know
whether his hard-earned improvements are
being put upon his own land or upon that of
the corporation ; the fact that the railway gen-
erally, and if practicable always, passes through
the most fertile and best-watered valleys, tak-
ing one half the land and rendering the title
to the other half so uncertain as to make it un-
profitable to the poor settler who has neither
time nor money to expend on uncertainties :
each in itself tends to, and all combined pro-
duces the effect of preventing the settlement
and improvement of lands contiguous to large
railway grants, and renders the settlement and
improvement much more rapid in those local-
ities where the title to the land is known to be
in the Government, and where no vexatious
law-suits can come to eat up the produce of the
labor, privation, and hardship of years.
Do not, Mr. Speaker, misunderstand me.
No member upon this floor will more stren-
uously support the giving of national aid to
worthy national schemes of internal improve
ment than I. But do not give the public lands
Do all in your power to prevent the aggrega-
tion of large tracts of land in the hands of one
man or of one company ; at least do nothing to
assist it, fori earnestly believe—and the expe-
rience of other countries teaches it—that this
is the most dangerous of all the sunken rocks
from among which our ship of State must bp
