1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
603
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Treatment of Prisoners of War—Mr. Shanks.
Ho. ©F ft HPS.
exchanged or released pending or at the close
of the war hsiB passed into the law of nations,
superseding nil other rights of the captor.
In the war of the Revolution, England, re-
fused to enter into a cartel of exchanges with
the colonies, assigning as a reason their rebel-
lious relation to the mother country, Great
Britain, not wishing to treat with those she
deemed her own subjects. Ineffectual efforts
were made to establish a cartel of exchange
in the years 1778, 1779, and 1780, though spe-
cial exchanges did take place prior to July 4,
1776. Even the king's denunciatory declara-
tion of August 23, 1775, and the retaliatory
one of the American Congress of December
following, did not materially affect the special
exchanges between belligerents which took
place under the authority of commanding gen-
erals in the field. General Washington and
Sir William Howe made an arrangement for
exchanges in July, 1776, which lasted until
1778, when it was broken off by the case of
General Lee, who had been an officer in the
British army before the war and was claimed
as a deserter. It appearing afterward that he
had assigned his half pay before enlisting in
the colonial service, exchanges were resumed
arid continued during the war. In the war of
1812 a cartel was entered into between the
United States and Great Britain, May 14,1813.
For much the same reasons as stated above,
and on account of the prejudice and strong
confidence on the part of the rebellionists of
1861 in this country, there was much difficulty
in arriving at a proper basis of exchanges in
our late rebellion.
It may be proper to say, however, that the
principle of exchanges being early recognized
between the contending parties was carried
forward, first by special exchanges, and after-
ward under the cartel of July 22,1862. That
cartel was delayed on accountof the demands
of the confederate authorities, who desired to
incorporate in its terms such concessions as
should aid their recognition as an independent
government by other civilized nations. After
its consummation it was frequently violated
on their part from the same considerations.
Under its termsand provisions exchanges took
place, with some interruptions, however, until
its violation by the proclamation of Jefferson
Davis, of December 23, 1862, declaring cer-
tain officers of the United States Army outlaws
affl felons, and prohibiting all officers cap-
tured in one of the departments from being
delivered on parole. Attention is called to the
following authorities upon the question of
exchange from the accredited writers on the
subject of public law:
" To servitude then succeeded cither an exchange
of captives, who arc of the same degree and condi-
tion. or a detention till they are redeemed. The
conditions of redeeming are sometimes expressed
in treaties, and for persons of a certain dignity a
certain sum is stipulated to be paid, which, if paid,
that right which the victor hna over the vanquished
ceases."—Treatise on W't.'r, page 57.
" Prisoners of war then are detained, either to pre-
vent their returning to join the enemy again, or
with a view to obtain from thoir sovereign a just
satisfaction as a price of their liberty. There is no
obligation to release those who are detained with
the latter view till after satisfaction is obtained. As
to the former, whoever makes a just war lias a right,
if he think proper, to detain his prisoners till the end
of the war, and whenever be releases them he may
justly require a ransom, either as a compensation
at the conclusion of a peace, or, if during the con-
tinuance of the war, lot the purpose at least of
weakening his enemy's fiaaboes at the same time
that lie restores him a number of soldiers. The
European nations, who are ever to be commended
for their eare in alleviating the evils of war, have,
with regard to prisoners, introduced humane and
salutary customs. They are exchanged or ran-
somed, even during the war, and this point is gen-
erally settled beforehand by cartel. ^Fatted Zawe
of N'Uion'i, 35t>.
"But while na State.is obliged .by .the positive
rules of international la# to enter into a. cartel for
the exchange-of prisoners of war, there is a strong
moral duty imposed upon the Government of every
State to provide for tho release of such of its eit,f-
?.ens and allies as have fallen into the hands of the
enemy. They have fal 1 en .into this misfortune nni v
by acting in its service, and in the support of its
cause. 'This,' says Vattel, 'is a care which the
State owes to those who have exposed themselves
in hei^defenee.*"—Halfectee Law of War, page 482,
section 10.
" The present practice is to spare (he lives of those
who yield themselves up, to exchange them with
captives taken by the other party, or to £ive them
on payment of ransom, and meanwhile to supply
them with the necessary comforts at the expense of
the-State to which they belong. It ws;re well if such
comforts wero to be found in a state of captivity, but
the prison-hulks of some civilized nations, and the
general neglect of the prisons, seem almost calcu-
lated to make unserviceable when exchanged."—
'Woolgey's International Law, page 250.
"It not nnfrequently happens in a war, that, al-
though both parties are willing to make an exchange
of prisoners, much delay occurs in agreeing upon the
terms of the cartel. Such delay sometimes results
from a want of good faith on both sides, the parties
entering into negotiations with no intention of com-
ing to an agreement. Again, when the cartel has
been negotiated, it is sometimes impossibie to carry
it into effect immediately, the peculiar circum-
stances of the war and the character of the military
operations interrupting or preventing its execution.
Such delays are more frequent in great wars which
embrace several countries and seas within the thea-
ter of their operations. In all oases where the cir-
cumstances of prisoners of war render it impossi-
ble for them to receive the means of support from
their own State, itistheduty oftbecaptor to furnish
them with subsistence, for humanity would forbid
his allowing them to suffer or starve. But if their
own Government should refuse to make arrange-
ments for their support, exchange, or release, and
if tho oaptor should give them sufficient liberty to
enable them to earn their own support, his respon-
sibility ceases, and whatever sufferings may result
are justly chargeable upon their own Government.
Under ordinary circumstances prisoners of war are
not required to labor beyond the usual police duty
of camp and garrison, but where their own State
refuses or willfully neglects to provide for their re-
lease or support., it is not unreasonable in the cap-
tor to require them to pay with their labor for the
subsistence which he furnishes them. But this can
be done only in extrerae eases, and even then they
should be treated kindly and with mildness, and
no degrading or very onerous iahoi* should be im-
posed oa ehem. Ail harshness and unnecessary
severity would be contrary to the modern laws
of war."—Hiilleck, page 431, section 9.
" But this usage is not even now considered oblig-
atory upon those who do not choose to enter into a
cartel for that purpose. 'Whoever makes a just
war,' says Vattei, ' has a right, if he thinks proper,
to detain his prisoners till the end of the war.' If a
nation finds a considerable advantage in leaving its
soldiers prisoners with the enemy during the war
rather than exchange them, it may certainly, un-
less bound by cartel, act as is most agreeable to its
interests. Thiswouldbe the ca^e of a State abound-
ing in men, and at war with a nation more formid-
able by the courage than the number of its soldiers.
It would have been of littls advantage to the czar,
Peter the Great, to restore the Swedes, his prison-
ers, for an equal number of Russians."—flalleek,
page 431, section 9.
Having traced the condition of the prisoner
of war from the early ages, in which he was
subjected to that merciless treatment at which
human nature revolts, to the present day, when
the universal rule among civilized nations de-
mands the preservation of his life and liberty,
as well as his protection and huinaue treat-
ment in all respects under the laws of war,
and having etifuiced the legal positions taken,
and laid before the House the eminent author-
ities upon which those propositions rest, it
is next in order to proceed to consider the
TREATMENT OF i'KIKONERS AT TIME OF CAPTURE.
In ancient times the custom of robbing pris-
oners of their private pioperty was very com-
mon, and was a much less offense than vio-
lence inflicted on their persons. The private
property of prisoners of war should be re-
spected. The prisoner being at the time of
liis capture in the legitimate and commis-
sioned service of his Government, and the
captors bearing the same relation to theirs,
both parties are the agents of their respective
Governments, and (heir private property is j
iu no way involved in the contest, and should 1
not be seized and converted to the public use,
because in a public war there is no contest
between private individuals and the opposing
Governments. Nor should it be seized by the
captors for private use, as both are agents,
and in any other than the character of sol-
diers meet on equal terms, and the act would
become a robbery which the individual captor
commits with the power if not sanction of ths
Government. This would place the civiliza-
tion of this age back of the fifteenth century,
and authorize private wars and captures, with
the attendant troables of that class of paroles
and ransoms which embarrassed the age of
chivalry.
Well-organized Governments regulate and
settle the relations and difficulties between
the citizens of their respective jurisdictions
by public authority, and will not use public
power to wrong or rob individuals. All pub-
lic property or contraband of war found in pos-
session of prisoners, should be seized by the
captors on behalf of their Government; but
that which belougs to them, such as clothing
and money, even if taken to prevent its im-
proper use, should be returned again in good
faith.
The United States Army Regulations of
1861, pages 107 and 108. provide as followg:
"745. Prisoners of war will be disarmed and sent
to the rear, and reported as soon as practicable to
the headquarters. The return of the prisoners from
the headquarters of the Army to the War Depart-
ment, will specify the number, rank, and corps.
"746. The private property of prisoners will bo
duly respected, and each shall be treated with the
regard due to his rank. They are to obey the neces-
sary orders given them. Ttiey receive for subsist-
ence one ration each, without regard to rank, and
the wounded are to be treated with the same care as
the wounded of the Army. Other allowances to
them will depend ou conventions with the enemy."
The action of the several States of the con-
federacy withdrawing from their relations with
the Union, so far as such acts could do, gen-
erally preceded the attack en Fort Sumter,
April 12, 1861, which was recognised by the
Government as the comme«cementof the War,
and which practically terminated with the sur-
render of Lee and Johnston, but is by proc-
lamation of the President legally fixed oil
August 6, 1866.
Our Government had in the field during the
rebellion three distinct bodies of troops : first,
volunteers; second, colored volunteers ; third,
regular Army. The greater portion of the volun-
teer forces, whiteand colored, were enlisted for
three years, though there were at the begin-
ning and near the close of the war, three
months' men, one hundred days' men, and
some for one and two years.
There were issued during the war to volun-
teer officers 124 597 commissions ; many of
these were reappointments and promotions.
It has been thought practical to reduce these
figures to a three years' basis, and upon that
I submit the fallowing statement, showing the
whole number of Federal officers and soldiers
in service during the rebellion of 1861-65,
compiled from the records of the Adjutant
General's office:
Commissioned officers, white  83,935
Commissioned officers, colored 
Enlisted men, whito 2,073,112
Knlisted men, colored.  178.895
Aggregate   2,335,9ol
There was not this number in service at any
one time, but I have given the aggregate
of commissions and enlistments for the
whole time. The population in 1860 was
31,445,080, of whom 3,953,760 were slaves.
The whole number of enlistments of officers
and men in the revolutionary army of 1776
was 230,000 continental soldiers, and 56,000
militia. The British forces sent to oppose
them were 112,584 regulars and 22,000 sea-
men. The whole population of the colonies
at that time was 2,803,000, of whom. 500,000
were slaves.
The losses to our Army in the late rebellion
may be classed as follows :
1. Killed m aetion.
2. Died of wounds received in action.
8. Died of disease.
4. Died from other known causes.
5. Died from unknown causes.
