1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1551
General may prescribe. In 1865 we provided
that he must so prescribe in cities of fifty thou-
sand inhabitants, leaving it optional with him
as before in regard to towns with less inhab-
itants, and really the great advantages of the
free delivery of letters ought to be given to
every city of twenty thousand inhabitants. A
proposition of that kind has already been re-
ported to the Senate. The people of the larger
ciiies cannot spare the time to go to the post
office, and desire their letters brought to their
doors.
The chairman of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads [Mr. Farnsworth]
stated just now that the local letters alone did
not pay this expense. That is true, but he
omitted to give the increase of mail letters,
which, added to the drop or local postage,
more than cover these expenses, not to speak
of the increase of box-rents from the richer
classes who send for their letters. But I
repeat, and with that I close, that whether this
system be self-sustaining or not is entirely
foreign to a legitimate discussion of the ques-
tion. We might as well stop payment for mail
service in the twenty-four States whose ex-
penditures for this service exceed its receipts,
as many of them do very largely, for that very
unsatisfactory reason. The Post Office De-
partment is for the benefit of all the people,
and this appropriation comes with an ill grace
from the Representatives of sections for whose
postal facilities and accommodation the other
sections of the country cheerfully tax them-
selves.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. TYNER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. L. Myers,] in the general de-
bate on this bill, took occasion to refer to me
as one of the opponents of the proposition to
increase the salaries of letter-carriers. He
also took occasion to refer to the further fact
that the State which I have the honor in part
to represent has failed to pay the necessary
expenditures for the transportation of the mails
within its limits. This induces me to respond
first to the general proposition, and, if the com-
' mittee will bear with me, to recur to the par-
ticular fact to which hr, has called attention.
The argument of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is to me a very singular one. His
attempt to show that the letter-carrier system
is self-sustaining seems not to be supported by
the figures in the case. Now, what are the
facts? It seems from the reports of the Post-
master General that in the fifty-two cities of
the United States where this system has already
been established, the expenditures amount,
over and above the local postages that have
been there collected, in round numbers to
$59-5,000. How he can make it appear from
these figures, official as they are, that this sys-
tem is self-sustaining is more than I can com-
prehend.
If, however, I understand his further propo-
sition, it is this: that the increase of ordinary
mail letters, such as go into the mails at the
rate of three cents each, has been sufficient
during the existence of the letter-carrier system
to pay this entire deficit. In response to that,
I reply that a similar rate of increase has
occurred in all the cities and towns and States
of this Union.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman allow me
one question ?
Mr. TYNER. Very well.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman state
whether in that estimate is included the whole
of the clerical expense of the post offices ?
Mr. TYNER. I reply to the gentleman
by saying that I do not understand that any
expenses whatever are included except those
which are embraced in the salaries of the
carriers alone. In other words, to be more
specific, the entire cost of the letter-carrier
system, which simply includes the aggregate
amount of salaries of the letter-carriers, is
$1,353,000 in round numbers. No item comes
into that amount except the salaries of the
letter-carriers. The entire receipts from
local postages amounts in round numbers to
$758,000, showing a deficit of some five hun-
dred and ninety-five thousand dollars, as I
before stated.
Now, sir, I turn for a moment to the sugges-
tion made by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts near me, [Mr. Banks,] that if this letter-
carrier system should be dispensed with the
increase m the rents of the post offices in the
cities where this system is now established will
be enough to make up this deficit. I desire to
call his attention to the fact that this system is
already established in fifty-two cities of the
Union, and that the $595,000 of the deficit
which now exists would pay rents in all those
fifty-two cities at the rate of $11,000 each.
Now, if he knows anything at all about the
question of rents for post offices throughout
the country, he is aware of the fact that m all
the cities of, say, from twenty to thirty and
forty thousand inhabitants $11,000 is more
than sufficient of itself to pay the entire rent
for post office purposes; while,upon the other
hand, in the large cities of the country, like
New York, Philadelphia, and Chicago, the
Government furnishes the buildings without
rent. That suggestion, then, of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts amounts, I appre-
hend, to nothing.
I desire to says further, that I am not preju-
diced against this class of postal employes. I
served five years of the best portion of my life
in association with the employes of the Post
Office Department, and I bear cheerful testi-
mony to their fidelity and efficiency. I would
not propose that their salaries should be cut
down, or that we should refuse to increase
them whenever justice may demand the in-
crease. What are the facts, however, in this
case? I ask the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. L. Myers,] who seems to be the
especial champion of this proposition, to tell
me whether or not the present salary of letter-
carriers does not secure faithful and efficient
officers? Is it possible that in any of the cities
where this system has been established there
is a failure to secure good men who will per-
form their duties faithfully?
Mr. L. MYERS. As the gentleman says
he is not in favor of reducing the salaries of
these officers, I ask him whether the act of
July 27, 1868, does not in fact reduce their
salaries to the extent of the seventy-five dol-
lars which they are annually obliged to pay for
their uniforms?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. L. MYERS. I withdraw my pro forma
amendment.
Mr. KELLEY. I renew the amendment.
I do it, sir, for the purpose of saying that
there are, in my judgment, no public employes
so badly paid as the letter-carriers; and that
the minimum sum at which men can be em-
ployed is not, as has been hinted, the true
standard for a great Government to adopt in
regulating official pay. But my especial pur-
pose is to say to the House that it need not
withhold the merited increase of pay from
these laboring men (for such they are) by
reason of the suggestion just submitted by
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Mr. Dawes.] The calculation by
which he brings us to,a condition in which
we shall probably be compelled to borrow
$10,000,000 next year to meet current ex-
penses is based on assumptions of fact which
have already been falsified by events. The
basis of his argument is the Treasury esti-
mates of the receipts, which are $365,000,000
for this year and $359,000,000 for the next.
Are not these estimates unduly cautious?
What have been the receipts for the first .six
months of the current fiscal year, and what
do they prophesy for the remaining months
of the year? The revenue received by the
Government during the first six months of
the year was $187,319,250 22, with the whole
year's income tax, which the gentleman esti-
mates at not less than $12,000,000, yet to be
collected.
Sir, by the act of July 14,1870, we repealed
internal taxes amounting to $55,000,000 an-
nually, and duties on imports which had yielded
$26,000,000 the preceding year. The repeal
of the internal taxes took effect on the 1st of
October, and that of the duties on the 1st
of January, making together a deduction of
about fifty-five million dollars for the fiscal
year; yet the receipts of the first six months
of this year show that the revenues of the
Government, in spite of those reductions, are
to be larger this year than they were in the
last year, during which those taxes and duties
were collected. Such is the expansion of
our resources and industries, and such is our
steadily increasing ability to consume dutiable
goods, that the income of the Government for
the present year will fall but little, if any, short
of $400,000,000. The income from customs
duties will be largely in excess of $206,000,000,
the amount collected last year ; and notwith-
standing the reduction of $27,500,000 by the
repeal of internal taxes during the first six
months of the current year, the income of the
year from this source is likely to exceed that
of last year. On the first of the present month
the receipts from this source amounted to
nearly ninety million dollars; and the pros-
pect is that for the year it will, including the
income tax, be not less than $143,000,000.
Sir, it is my judgment, formed after a crit-
ical scrutiny of the receipts of revenue since
the commencement of this fiscal year, that we
may, if we avoid injudicious and excessive
appropriations, make a reduction in taxes and
duties amounting to quite $70,000,000 with-
out the risk of compelling the Secretary to
borrow a single million from the $100,000,000
average balance which he keeps on hand.
Such a reduction judiciously made would pro-
duce such an expansion of trade and increase
of prosperity as would make the remaining
taxes and duties stiH more productive of reve-
nue. But be that as it may, the income of the
present year, notwithstanding the large reduc-
tions made by the act of July 14, 1870, is to
be from seventy to ninety million dollars in
excess of the estimates and of probable ex-
penditures, including the required payment
on account of the funded debt.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CREBS. Mr. Chairman, I hope that the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
is wrong, and that the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Kelley] is correct as to the
income which the Government may hereafter
expect; but I greatly fear that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania is entirely mistaken in re-
gard to the condition of our finances at this
time. 1 hope he is correct, but I fear he is
most egregiously mistaken. 1 find by the
report of the Secretary of the Treasury that
he claims, as is claimed by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] a reduction of
$277,211,892 16 from the 1st of March, 1869,
to the 1st of December, 1871, the time he has
been in charge of the Treasury ; yet I find this
same Secretaryasks for an appropriation", stat-
ing it will take that amount to pay the interest
on the public debt for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1869, of $130,694,242 80.
The same Secretary tells us for the year
ending June 30,1871, the public debt interest
was $125,576,565 92, and this, too, while he
states that the public debt had been paid to the
extent of $277,211,892 16, so that the inter-
est amount should have been reduced some
$17,000,000, instead of only $5,117, 676 88.
We find it will require to pay the public
debt, according to the estimate in the last
report of the Secretary, some $8,969,118 43
less than the amount which was necessary to
pay the interest when the debt as reported
by him was $277,211,892 16 greater than
it is now. The only amount of reduction
in the interest account of the Government is
$8,969,118 43.
