1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2449
half a million dollars this year, as we did last
year, and shall have to do next year; when
we get rid of these large appropriations on the
works which must have large appropriations
to make them available to the wants of com-
merce, then we will be able to take up the
smaller rivers and harbors. We trust we shall
continue this work until we have so improved
all the rivers and harbors and channels of
transportation throughout the country as to
cheapen transportation and render all our
ports free of access to the commerce of our
common country.
Mr. COX rose.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Scofibld
in the chair.) Debate is exhausted. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Cox.J
Mr. COX. I withdraw it, and move to amend
by making the amount $67,000.
I call to the attention of the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Conger,] who has spoken on
behalf of the Committee on Commerce, the
fact that he has misstated the amounts appro-
priated to the South by this bill. 1 have made
a collation of the appropriations of this bill,
and 1 find that the total amount so appropri-
ated is $834,000. For the improvement of
the Mississippi, Missouri, Arkansas, and other
rivers in the States of Missouri, Arkantas,
and Louisiana the appropriation amounts to
$230,000. The appropriation for the Tennes-
see river is $50,000 ; it has been increased
somewhat above what was originally in the
bill, and I have added the increase to the
total. For the mouth of the Mississippi river,
which is a national matter, the appropriation
is $155,000; for Galveston harbor, $1G,00Q;
for Mobile, $50,000 ; for Charleston, $40,000 5
for Savannah, $50,000; for Baltimore, $100,-
000 ; for James river, $50,000; and so, run-
ning down through the whole list of appropri-
ations for all the southern States, including
Maryland, Delaware, and Missouri, and includ-
ing the appropriation for the mouth of the
Mississippi, which is, as I have said, a national
matter in a strictly commercial sense, the
amount of appropriations is only $834,OOO.
How, then, can the gentleman say that one
third or nearly one half of the appropriations
in this bill are for the South ? I understand
the gentleman's allusion to Hell Gate 
Mr. CONGER. There is an appropriation
of $250,000 for the Mississippi which the gen-
tleman has not counted ; and there is an ap-
propriation of $250,000 for the Ohio which
he has not counted; those two items make
$500,000 more. Then there is an appropri-
ation of $450,000 for the improvement of the
Des Moines Rapids, which is a work as much
needed for the benefit of the southern States
as of any other portion of the country.
Mr. COX. These appropriations to which
the gentleman alludes belong to Pennsylvania
and Ohio, and not to the South in any proper
sense of the word. I have, therefore, to ex-
press my surprise and mortification that the
committee in a bill of this character should
thus distinguish between the different sections
of the country. I want a hill that will be fair
all round in the interests of commerce.
As regards this matter ot Hell Gate I quite
understand what the gentleman means, for the
other day in challenging niv vote against one
of the land grants, he declared that he would
vote against Hell Gate.
Mr. CONGER. My object was that it
might be shut, in order that the gentleman
might not have a chance of going through it;
Mr. COX. That is only second-hand wit.
That is my own wit, and it is very poor when
repeated.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to oppose the
amendment, for the purpose of saying that I
re°ret that any attempt has been made to make
capital out of sectional considerations, or to
revive in this Hall a class of discussions which
some of us witnessed here in former years with
' a great deal of pain and without any profit.
4k© Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 154.
I am not disposed to look at this bill from a
sectional point of view. I think, however, in
running my eye over it, that the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Cox] labors under a mis-
apprehension in the representations he has
made. If I am not mistaken in my calcula-
tions, something over nine hundred and fifty
thousand dollars is appropriated for that sec-
tion of country which we technically call the
South. For the falls of the Ohio river and the
Cumberland dam there are $500,000 more.
Well, whatever we may say about that, it is not
to be charged to the exclusive credit of the
North, as the expression is used; perhaps not
to the exclusive credit of the South.
Then, again, 1 find but $175,000 appropri-
ated for the Pacific coast. If there is any
portion of our country that has reason to com-
plain that its peculiar merits and necessities
have not been regarded, I think it is the
Pacific coast. I do not, however, make the
complaint, as the gentlemen who represent
that coast are here to speak for themselves,
who tfnderstand the wants of their people and
have made no complaint.
Then, again, this hill appropriates $150,000
for surveys, which will go alike to all parts of
the country. I have sought this opportunity
to protest in behalf of that section of the coun-
try, a portion of which 1 have represented in
this House for so many years, and with whose
interests I have been identified, according to
my estimate of her interests ; certainly I have
given her the best years of my life. [ protest
against there being revived in this House the
old time feuds and controversies which were
so exceedingly disastrous to us all, and which
1 trust never will be called up again.
Mr. COX. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I renew the amendment
for the purpose of entering my protest against
the assumption of my friend from New York
[Mr. Cox] that there was anything approach-
ing sectionalism in the action of the Cotnmit-
mittee on Commerce in preparing this bill.
Of the three Democratic members of that com-
mittee two were identified with the channels
of commerce between the northern and south-
ern sections of this country. And in the sub-
committee, to which thia whole subject of these
appropriations was referred, and which held
meetings more or less frequent every week for
several months, considering carefully every
item of this bill, to my recollection the sub-
ject of mere locality or " section of the coun-
try " was never referred to. I do not believe
it would be possible under any circumstances
to consider a bill where the subject of locality
in relation to the North or the South or their
peculiar and special rights and interests would
be less considered than occurred in the con-
sideration of this bill. It had never occurred
to me that such an objection to this bill could
possibly arise, for nothing occurred on the
sub committee or in the full committee to sug-
gest such a consideration. I must say this in
justice to my colleagues on this committee,
fori am most confident that whatever may be
said of the appropriations or the justice of
their distribution, no purpose of discrimination
in favor of one section of the Onion or against
the other section of the Union existed in the
committee. They simply acted on the esti-
mates of appropriations as furnished by the
chief of engineers, limiting the appropriations
to works already in progress or already pro-
vided for.
And 1 will say further, that any fair exam-
ination of this bill and the estimates will show
that the different items of appropriation for
the various rivers and harbors are made ac-
cording to the extent of commerce which those
appropriations are intended to affect. That
consideration, and that alone, in my judgment,
has controlled the action of the committee in
framing this bill. These appropriations are
for the benefit of commerce, in which the
whole people, or large sections of the Union,
are concerned. If in a given section there is
no commerce, no appropriation for its facili-
ties is required. My friend from New York,
generally so just, does himself injustice in
charging that this bill was in any degree influ-
enced by local considerations. This he will
certainly see when he more carefully consid-
ers the bill now before the House, and con-
siders the channels of commerce which justify,
from their national character, appropriations
from the Treasury. You have no right to pro-
mote local improvements by drafts on the
Treasury.
And I will say further, that in proportion to
the commerce of the two sections of the Uni-
ted States the appropriations made by this
bill for the southern section of the country are
fully equal to those for the northern section,
and neither my friend from Now York nor
any other gentleman who has examined this
bill carefully and understands our national
commcree can deny it. It is as fair a bill,
and one as far removed from all looal consid-
erations, as the House has considered for many
years. It is very possible there are appropri-
ations made by this bill which ought not to be
made. Mere local improvements have always
more or less crept into these river and harbor
bills. It is for that reason that I have never
considered with much favor river and harbor
bills. If confined to works clearly national,
such appropriations seem to bo proper, for
they benefit the great body of the people, but
it is no better than robbery to appropriate out
of the Treasury money for local improvements.
But my object was simply to protest against
the charge of my friend from New York that
this bill was the result of favoriug one section
of the country at the expense of the other.
Such, I am confident, was not the purpose of
the committee, and if it did exist it would
result from the estimates of the engineers.
Mr. HANCOCK. I notice that in this bill
there are appropriations for the State of Mich-
igan alone of over eight hundred thousand
•dollars. I would ask the gentleman if those
appropriations were made in conformity with
any recommendation made by the board of
engineers ?
Mr. HOLMAN. There is no appropriation
made in this bill except upon the recommend-
ation and estimates of the chief of engineers.
The State of Texas and her present commerce,
the Mississippi river, and the other great
rivers of the South, have received as much
and as impartial consideration by the Com-
mittee on Commerce as any other section of
the country. 1 only desired at this point to
enter my protest against any intimation that
a committee of this House oould be influenced
lay mere local jealousies, or, worse still, by
local animosities in the preparation of this
bill—a bill designed to promote the commerce
of the whole country.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I am not surprised
that my ardent and generous friend from Indi-
ana [Mr. Holmast] should defend his com-
mittee. I know the partiality of memhars for
the action of their respective committees ; but
at the same time I know that the very best way
to sift committee work is to call in question
the action of the committees themselves; and
no man does it more fearlessly or more justly
than my friend from Indiana, [Mr. HolmaN.]
In his remarks just now he took very good oare
not to answer the interrogatory of the gentle-
man from Texas, who wished an explanation
of the fact that, while Texas, with all her har-
bors, with all her commerce, with a sea-coast,
as I am informed, of seven hundred miles,
receives an appropriation of only $16,000. the
State of Michigan gets some eight hundred
thousand dollars. The gentlemen from Indi-
ana very cleverly avoided any discussion on
that point, and I think he was wise in doingso.
Mr. SAWYER. The gentleman is mistaken
when he says that Michigan gets $800,000.
Mr. COX. ' The gentleman from Texas [Mr.
Hancock] has ciphered up the amount, and so
have I.
