1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4241
which we are acting limits amendments to
appropriation bills.
Mr. POMEROY. I raised that question
this morning. Nothing is germane to the
miscellaneous appropriation bill because there
is no specific line in the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it is not germane, it
cannot be put here.
Mr. POMEROY. Everything is germane
to this bill. It is not like an Army bill. This
is made up of sundry civil items. Any item
of appropriation is in order on the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN, No ; it is a regular bill
for the civil service of the Government for the
fiscal year commencing on the 1st of July.
Mr. POMEROY. What service?
Mr. SHERMAN. The service of the fiscal
year, for the future ; not to pay for any past
expenditures, but for the future.
Mr. POMEROY. What Department?
No particular Depart-
Mr. SHERMAN,
ment.
Mr. POMEROY.
Mr. SHERMAN.
That is what I say.
It is not to pay old
claims; otherwise any private bill could be
put in. In the first place. I insist that this is
a private claim, because it is due to a class of
individuals. It is a claim five or six years
old ; and it is not germane to this bill. It is
not recognized under any existing law. There
is no law providing for the payment; on the
contrary, it has always been disputed. I am
now ready to go into details if we must con-
sider it.
Mr. CRAGIN. If the Senator from Ohio
will yield to me a moment, 1 would like to
state a little in addition to what was said by
the Senator from West Virginia, having been
upon ttie same committee that examined the
case at the time to which he referred.
As was stated by the Senator from West
Virginia, some two or three years ago this
matter in some way got before the Committee
on Territories, of which he and myself are
members. We spent some two weeks, I think,
examining this claim, examining witnesses
from Montana and documents upon the ques-
tion. While I made up my mind that there
was considerable money equitably due to citi-
zens of the Territory of Montana, 1 came to
the full conclusion that most of the claims
ought not to be paid. They claimed over a
million of dollars, about twelve hundred
thousand dollars. We examined it through,
and the Senator doubtless recollects that
Senator Howard, of Michigan, who was on
the committee, was instructed to report a bill
or a resolution or an amendment to an appro-
priation bill, I do not know which, to the
Senate, and it was under that resolution or
bill, my impression is, that General Hardie
made this examination. There was something
passed, either a bill or an amendment to an
appropriation bill, authorizing the Secretary
of War to examine into these claims.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was an act of Con-
gress. I have it before me.
Mr. CRAGIN. It was drawn by Senator
Howard.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Shall I read it?
Mr. CRAGIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Section ten of the act
of July 15, 1870, reads:
" That the Secretary of War be, and lie is hereby,
authorized and required to ascertain, or cause to be
ascertained, the amount of expenses necessarily
incurred by the teiritorial authorities of Montana
for arms and supplies of the volunteer forces called
out to suppress Indian hostilities in the Territory
ot Montana in the year 1867, and report to Congress
at the next session the names of persons entitled to
relief, together with a statement of the facts and
sums upon which such report may be based."
It is under that that General Hardie made
the examination.
Mr. CRAGIN. I will say again that I was
fully convinced that a considerable amount
was equitably due, although, as stated by the
Senator from West Virginia, the whole thing
was irregular, and in point of fact the Gov-
ernor had no authority to call out the troops.
42d Gong. 2d Sess.—No. 266.
In my judgment, it appeared also before the
Committee on Territories that large amounts
of these claims had been sold in the city of
New York and elsewhere for a very small
price indeed. It occurs to me that this matter
ought to come up in a separate bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. It ought to go to the
Committee on Claims. I submit to Senators
I do not want to raise any point of order or
damage the claims, if there are any good
claims here; but they ought to go to the Com-
mittee on Claims. I hope, therefore, without
any prejudice, as the saying is, the amend-
ment will be stricken out here, and the matter
reterred to the Committee on Claims. 1 have
now the papers before me, and I could go
into them and show that these claims have
no foundation in law. This was a totally un-
authorized proceeding. Congress never yet
has recognized it except so far as to authorize
General Hardie to go and investigate the facts,
and he has given the facts as he presents them,
but without any recommendation. He has not
even recommended that this money be appro-
priated.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator does not
state that according to the record which 1 have
before me 
Mr. SHERMAN. I raise the point of
order. I think it is certainly not germane to
this bill according to the new rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ram-
sey.) The Chair is of opinion that under the
rule adopted on the 10th of May last the
amendment cannot be received. It is out of
order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It comos from a com-
mittee.
Mr. SHERMAN. The rule operates on a
committee as weil as oil a Senator.
Mr. POMEROY. Under that ruling I shall
object to whatever comes m the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 hope the Senator will,
and I will join him in objecting to any private
claim.
Mr. POMEROY. There is nothing in the
bill that is germane to it, because it has no
particular line of appropriation.
Mr. COLE. The Senator fiom Ohio says
it was a totally unauthorized proceeding on
which the claim is based. I shall not read-the
dispatch, but when this matter is discussed
I think 
Mr. POMEROY. I will appeal from the
decision of the Chair for the sake of saying a
word. The Senator from Ohio has said that
it was wholly unauthorized.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will withdraw all I have
said except as to the point ol order.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 have before me the dis-
patches of General Sherman, on which the
thing started originally. General Sherman's
first dispatch was to the Governor 
Mr. SHERMAN. That dispatch was not j
the occasion at all for calling out the troops.
They were called out before and totally unau-
thoiized, and General Sherman wrote a re-
port here in which lie said the whole thing was
totally unauthorized by him, and grew out of
the scare occasioned by the killing of a man :
by the name of Bozeman. II you read a dis-
patch to one officer there, you will have to read :
the whole report to explain the entire affair. .
Mr. POMEROY. What I know about
the case I will say whenever it is in order to
say it; but I know some merchants from my
own State went out there and did pay gold for
flour and for bacon and for sugar, and they
spent it under this authority, and they have
got vouchers for it, upon which General Har-
die has allowed about fifty cents on the dollar.
A more honest and proper claim was never
presented to Congress.
The idea that General Sherman did not call
out these troops cannot be sustained. The
Military Committee of the House have re-
ported in favor of it; one or two committees
of this body have reported in favor of it; and
there is not a committee in this body who will
examine these claims that will not report in
favor of them. They have had the indorse-
ment already of our Committee on Indian
Affairs. Being claims for Indian depreda-
tions, the case was sent to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and they unanimously reported
in favor of it, and referred it to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations.
It is not a claim which should have a black
eye by its being said that it is out "of fcrder and
is all irregular. As to the men who furnished
horses, bacon, sugar, and flour, those to whom
my attention has been called at any rate, per-
formed an honest and patriotic service. There
may have been some vouchers given there that
were somewhat extravagant and irregular, and
that is the difficulty. Congress in its wisdom
ordered that General Hardie be sent out there,
and he has made ail elaborate report, and in
this report there is every Voucher, giving the
name of the party, the original sum, and then
the sum allowed; and tbere is as able a report
made by the House committee as I have seen
made upon any case before Congress.
If it is a question simply of whether this
amendment shall be received on this appro-
priation bill, I will not say anything on that
question. When the case is properly before
the Senate, so that we can go into the merits
of-the claim, I shall be ready to argue it and to
substantiate it before any committee or before
the Senate or anywhere; I mean what Gen-
eral Hardie has allowed. I do not care to
argue that upon a question of order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why is it not inorder?
Mr. POMEROY. It is in order, I say,
just as much as anything in this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We ought to have the
question of order settled.
Mr. CALDWELL. After my experienced
colleague has sat down 1 do not know that I
ought to get up; but if this question is debat-
able I desire to say something upon it. I do
not mean to debate it now unless it is in order;
but I want to say this: that I know gentlemen
who live in my State, who live in my town,
who have been made bankrupt, by investing
in this Montana business, not by buying vouch-
ers, but, men who put their money into sugar
and coffee and bacon, and transported them
to Montana and sold them to the territorial
officers for the purpose of subsisting and
equipping these troops. I think I Can show
this, and that if there were some irregularities
in the commencement of this business, the
dispatches of the Secretary of War ati(i
the dispatches of General Sherman to the ter-
ritorial officers were sufficient to induce those
officers to believe that tne Federal^ Govern-
ment would assume all the liabilities of the
campaign. I know more; I know that when
citizens of my own town went there to bid for
supplying these troops they were referred to
telegrams from General Sherman and the Sec-
retary of War as the authority for making the
contracts.
[ only say now that I am ready to stand up
for the "rights of the citizens of my own State
in these claims, and I hope I shall have an
opportunity to do it. I think they have been
most outrageously treated.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 am glad that my friend
stands up for the rights of the citizens; but as
to telegrams, you might as well send bacon on
a telegram from the Cincinnati convention, if
that has anything to do with the question A
telegram is not authority unless there is some-
thing behind it. But it is rather out of time
to argue the propriety of this amendment oil
an appeal, and I do not intend to do so further
than to allude to what the Senator from. Kan-
sas and his colleague have said on the merit
of this claim.
I do not wonder that the honorable Senator
who sits near me [Mr. Pomekot] says he
is ready to argue this thing as- Bardie;has
allowed it, when by looking at the "fifth- page
of the document on which he relies 'he will
see that there was a systematic 'and "wholesale
