4242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
fraud practiced upon the Government from
beginning to end, and here is the table show-
ing the articles, the prices charged, and the
prices at which the purchases could have been
made at the same time. I will not occupy the
time of the Senate to run through the whole,
but I will take bacon, sugar, and coffee, to
which my friend from Kansas who sits farthest
from me [Mr. Caldwell] seems to be chiefly de-
voted. For bacon the price charged was fifty
to eighty cents a pound ; the price at which
the purchase could have been made was twenty-
seven to thirty-five cents a pound. Sugar,
price charged, sixty to seventy-eight cents a
Eound; price at which the purchase could
ave been made, thirty-two to thirty-five cents
a pound. Coffee, price charged eighty cents
per pound; price at which the purchase could
have been made, thirty-seven and a half to forty-
four cents. The whole thing, Mr. President,
has been doubled, and X have a suspicion that
the Montana Indian war was gut up for the
purpose of increasing the price of bacon in that
locality and getting these very contracts.
Mr, President,, I am ashamed for my country
■when I see a wholesale fraud of that kind run-
ning through from beginning to end this per-
formance attempted to be practiced, and L do
not wonder these people do not get thpir pay,
and it will be a just punishment to them if they
never do.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President 
Mr. EDMONDS. I do not yield to any-
body.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not ask the Senator
to yield, but J rise to a point of order. I want
to know if there is any question before us.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, An appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. SAWYER. i beg the Senator's pardon.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I assure uiy friend from
South Carolina that I nin far from discussing
questions of general politics when there is
nothing before the Senate.
Mr. CALDWELL. 1 should like to ask the
Senator from Vermont one question. Does
he wish that tho Senate shall infer from his
remarks that fifty to eighty cents per pound
for bacon ia charged in these claims as they
stand now before the Senate V
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no, sir; General
Hardie has said that it, was a fraud, and he
has cut them down to what the consideration
ought to have been, tho current pi ice in Mon-
tana; there is no question about that. But I
say that a citizen of the United States who,
under the pretense of supplying an army in a
state of war, charges double for supplies that
he furnished, nover ought to have a cent. l('or
the good of the public he ought to be made an
example of.
Bui, Mr. President, as 1 say, this is entirely
foreign to the question of older, and my only
apology is that both tho Senators from Kansas
have been in advance courting favor for these
claims under the sincere belief, which they
possess no doubt, that they are just. Now i
move to lay this appeal on the table.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 want to say one word
to the Senator. He has insinuated 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion ia not debatable.
Mr. POME ROY.
tence here.
Mr. EDMUNDS.
reply. I stick to the motion.
two speeches to one.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator has misrep-
resented me, and I desire to set that right.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well; go ahead.
Mr. POMEROY. I said that L was led to
sustain this as reported upon by General Har-
die, and the Senator from Vermont says he
does not wonder that I am for it, because such
and such things are charged here.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not say that.
Mr. POMEROY. That was the report.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not say that.
Mr. POMEROY. I will rend what the Sec-
I want to read one sen-
Then
1 shall want to
There have been
retary of War said, upon which I based my
remark:
Upon careful consideration the views of the
investigating officer are sustained by the Secretary
of War. WM. W. BELKNAP.
On that I said I was ready to sustain and
defend these claims. Now the Senator says
there was a great fraud here, that they charged
a great price, and he does not wonder that
the Senator from Kansas sustains this report.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not say that.
Mr. POMEEOY. I understood the Sena-
tor to say that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You are very anxious
to misunderstand me, somehow or other.
Mr. POMEItOY. Now, that these claims
as recommended by the Department and sus-
tained by General Hardie are fair and honest,
I believe as much as I believe in any report
that was ever made to this body.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They look so, certainly.
I renew the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the appeal from the decision of the Chair
be laid on the table.
Tho motion was agreed to—ayes twenty-one,
noes not counted.
The reading of the hill was continued.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 31, line seven
hundred and thirty-seven, to increase the
appropriation for "surveying the public lands
in Arizona Territory, at rates not exceeding
fifteen dollars per linear mile for standard
lines, twelve dollars for township and ten
dollars for section lines," from $15,000 to
$20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 31, line
seven hundred and forty-one, to increase the
appropriation "for surveying the public lands
of California, at rates not exceeding fifteen
dollars per linear mile for standard lines, four-
teen dollars tor township and twelve dollars
for section lines," from $50,000 to $00,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next, amendment was on page 34, after
line eight hundred and seven, to insert the
words " for completion of survey now being
executed between the ninety sixth and ninety-
eighth meridian of west longitude, Indian ter-
ritory, SUH.OOO."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like the chair-
man to explain that, as I did not have the
pleasure to be present in the committee. It
is a pretty large sum.
Mr. COLE. That is an amendment pro-
posed by the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
is explained by a letter from the Secretary of
the Interior, which 1 send to the desk and ask
the Clerk to read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
DlOl'AKTUrcXT of Till! Intkrtor,
W'ASHisurox, Man 24,1872.
Sia : I hnvo the honor to trmismit herewith a copy
of a cominunicaLion from llie Omnniisisiulier of In-
dian Allans, dated ttie 2tst instant, inclosing a copy
of a leitor lioin tho Commissioner of the General
band OUice, stntiiu? that tho sum of ^9S,IJOO will bo
inquired to complete surveys in the Inuian terri-
tiuy, between the ninety-sixth ami ninety-eighth
meridians, in addition to tile balance unexpended
and now on hand tor that purpose.
Tho amount is lor a deficiency for work done and
to bo done dunnj? the ou'-reot tiseat year in excess
ot the appropriation of 1S70, and 1 respectfully sub-
mit tho subject to Congress ior its favorable consid-
eration and action.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
B. It. COWAN,
AHino Sffrelary.
Hon. James G. Blaise,
Sjjiakcr of the llou.se of lieprcnentativcs.
Mr. COLE. I am informed that the work has
been contracted for and is going on, and that
this money is indispensable for the purpose
of carrying on the work that is in progress.
I do not propose to discuss the matter, because
I do not understand the details of it very fully.
For any further explanation I suppose the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
can give it more satisfactorily thau I possibly
could.
Mr. HARLAN. I understand it is to pay
for the work under progress at this time up to
the eud of the current fiscal year.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
or the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs how much was appropriated for this
service last year, and how much we have
already appropriated in the legislative and
Indian bills for the same general objects?
Mr. COLE. I wish my colleague on the
Committee on Appropriations would ask his
questions first in the committee. I know not
why he did not ask them there, and have a full
consideration at that time and in that place.
Inasmuch as it was not done there, 1 will state
that there was no appropriation made last
year at all for this service, but that an appro-
priation was made some previous year, I think
the year before, of a very large amount, and
none at all last year.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As my honorable friend
from California, the chairman of the com-
mittee, has all these statutes at his lingers'
ends, I am sure he will not be embarrassed
by ray asking questions now. My respectful
apology to him is that sickness prevented my
having the honor of attending the meetings of
his committee when this bill was under con-
sideration, unless it may have been on the days
when the Committee on Pensions, of which
I am unfortunately chairman, had meetings.
If the Committee on Appropriations had any
meetings on that day, that must he my apology
for not attending. If my honorable friend
thinks I am impertinent in asking in the Sen-
ate explanations for $100,000 put in here and
there, then I offer him a respectful apology,
and will apply elsewhere for my information.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 34, after line
eight hundred and sixteen, to insert the fol-
lowing clause:
For constructing theconnccted maps of the pub-
lic-land States and Territories, and procuring an
engraved copper plato thereof, to bo perfected by
adding, from year to year, the further surveys that
may be made, $3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 34, lino
eight hundred and twenty-six, to increase the
appropriation "for salaries and commissions
of registers of land offices and receivers of
public moneys at eighty-one land offices,"
from $397,200 to $451,2U0.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If I am not out of order
in asking a question, 1 would really like to
know why this branch of the public service is
increased in expense by the amount of some-
thing over fifty thousand dollars this year. We
have not established a very large number of
new land offices. I take it, however, there is
a good reason for it. Perhaps my friend from
Kansas, the chairman of the Committee ou
Public Lands, can tell us.
Mr. COLE. We have by this Congress
established some nine new land offices. I his
increase in the appropriation is to meet the
necessary and indispensable expenses conse-
quent upon the establishment of nine, or, f
believe, ten new land offices, for one passed
yesterday. That is the only explanation I
have to give of the increase.
Mr. POMEROY. My attention has not
been called to this paragraph, but I know we
have established several new land offices.
The expense to the Government is $1,000 for
each office for the register and receiver, and
the balance is for stationery. Fifteen hun-
dred dollars will cover the expenses for the
salary of the register and receiver. They are
allowed no clerks; they are allowed no inci-
dental expenses ; they are allowed no fuel, no
lights, no room rent, but they are allowed
$500 each salary, which is $1,000 to the office,
and stationery to a limited amount.
Mr. COLE. I stated that that was all the
information I have. I might correct myself
