1554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
is the case in many of the sparsely settled por-
tions of the country, where we are told we
cannot have these post offices because the
expenses of the postal system are so far in
excess of its receipts; we are not permitted to
have post offices in the sparsely settled por-
tions of the country nearer than from five to
fifteen miles.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hoar] in his remarks urges that the salary ot'
these lefer carriers should still further be in-
creased. and the facilities of the letter-carrier
system still further extended, and why? No
doubi, a-sthegentleinansays, in the cities and in
the manufacturing districtsitisagreatconveni-
enceto the wealthy business man that his valu-
able time may no1 betaken up in going to the of-
fice to get his mails, but may be saved to his busi-
ness ; for these special messengers can bring
his papers and letters up sta l's into Ins count-
ing room and deposit them on his own table,
so that not a moment's delay occurs.
I claim thai this whole legislation is in favor
of the wealthy. It is taking off postage and
postal expenses from the wealthy m^n in large
cities, and diminishing the postal facilities
which the nival districts of the counliy ought,
to have. I say, Mr. Chairman, that, our postal
system is not designed to be for the special
benefit, of business men, or to save them or
their messengers from going to the post office,
but our whole postal system is intended to be
and should be for the exchange of letters of
friendship and affection and business between
the people of all parts of the country, so that,
there shall be no region so remote, no settle-
ment so far off, but, that the United States mail
should bring and return these messages of
business and of affection between the people
of the country.
I say also to yon, Mr. Chairman, and to the
committee, that the salary winch is given to
these letter-carriers in the cities is greater
than the laboring man receives over the whole
extent of the country for a like amount of
service. I say that members of Congress
and other gentlemen who have the power to
recommend parties for appointment as letter-
carriers in these cities are besieged day and
night with applications for appointment at
the present salaries, i know how my friend
from Pennsylvania [Mr. L. Myeiis] urges that
these salaries should be increased. 1 know
why those other gentlemen who represent
cities urge that these salaries should bo in-
creased. These men are their constituents,
and are a power in their cities and in their
districts. They go to every man's door, they
carry the political messages of every man all
thiough the district as well as letters.
[ will not make further remarks upon this
subject except to assert again that in my judg-
ment, the salaries of these letter-carriers are
equal to the services performed in proportion
to the pay generally for laboring men through-
out the country. I oppose this because it
brings privileges to a few chosen places of the
nation, for which the rest of the country have
to pay, as it is admitted by all who have
spoken liere to-day except the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. L. Myers,] that this let-
ter* carrier system in cities is not self-sustain-
ing.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the pending
amendment, is exhausted.
Mr. HOAR. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Irenewit. 1 simply
desire to correct what appears to me to be an
erroneous impression on the part of the gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Conger] as to
the true character ot the letter-earrier system
in the large cities. That gentleman has rep-
resented it as a boon to the rteh, as a favor to
a few privileged classes. I find from actual
experience and observation that it is just the
contrary. In the city of St. Louis I find that
the bankers of whom the gentleman front
Michigan spoke, and other men having clerks
in their counting-rooms, still retain their boxes
in the post office, and they send their e'erks
to the post, office to get their mails. They
have the means of doing that. They can do
it without any inconvenience to themselves.
But, Mr. Chairman, it is the laborer in the
city, it is the mechanic who has not the time
to go to the post office without losing half a
day's wages, who has his letters brought to his
residence to be received by his family whiie
he is away at his workshop.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman might in-
clude the serving classes also.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Yes, sir, the same
might be said of the class of servants in the
cities, who cannot leave their employments,
and to whom it is a very great convenience to
have their letters brought to them. It is to
the great masses of the community, to the men
of small means, and especially to the poor,
and not the rich, that this is a privilege.
Mr. L. MYERS. The gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Finkelnburg] has said all I
intended to say when I last tried to get the
floor. 1 only desire to add one word more
before the vote is taken, in answer to the gen-
tleman from Michigan, [Mr. Conger.] lfind
from the report, ot rlie Postmaster General
that we pay $14,716 for the expenditures
in the State of Michigan over the receipts
from that Slate. The gentleman's argument
seems to be that those who live in the country
should vote against this bill, because God made
the country and man the town, and the dis-
trict from which my friend comes has not
been fortunate enough to have a sufficient
number of inhabitants in large cities. The
(act is that the country needs postal facili-
ties as well as the cities, and we gladly give
them to both. In 18ti0 the Post Uffice defi
ciencies were $11,000,000. During the war
they were very little. The expenses for the
southern States had been very great for years
and years before, and now the deficiency for
the States where this delivery system is not in
operation amounts to nearly $5,000,000.
The deficiency in this bill is nearly that
amount; that is what we give to them ; and
we submit that those who do not live in the
ciiies should recognize the fact that we should
have something even if the system is not self-
sustaining, and to recognize the further fact that
there are poor men as well as rich in the cities
who receive letters.
Mr. BARRY. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a question?
Mr. L. MYERS. If I have time.
Mr. BARRY. Is it not possible to hire
letter-earners for the amount now paid them,
who will be equally efficient with the present
incumbents ?
Mr. L. MYERS. Yes, sir, it is; and they
will resign as soon as they can get anything
better to do.
The question was then taken upon the
amendment offered by Mr. L. Myers; and
upon a division there were—ayes 27, noes 94.
Before theresultof the vote was announced,
Mr. L. MYERS called for tellers.
The question was taken upon ordering tell-
ers; and there were three in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of a
quorum) tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I move that the
committee now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
Sp the committee rose ; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Wheeler re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, pursuant to the order of
the^ House, had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the special
order, being a bill (H. R. No. 1070) making
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department for the year ending June 30, 1873,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
rebht, iron-clad albumahle.
Mr. COGHLAN. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table for
present consideration Senate bill No. 715,
relative to the capture of the Albemarle. I
believe there will be no objection ,to the pas-
sage of that bill. The Committee on Naval
Affairs of this House have had under consid-
eration a similar bill, and have unanimously
agreed to report it favorably to the House.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read,
after which the Chair will ask for objection.
The bill was read. It provides that the prize
ease of the rebel iron-clad man-of-war Albe-
marle shall be taken up and reexamined by
the proper United States court, so that, the
captors may obtain an appraisal such as is te-
quired by the prize laws of Congress.
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me that it
would be well to have some time for consider-
ing this bill.
Mr. COGHLAN. It has been considered
by the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HOLMAN. It has not been before this
House at all.
Mr. COGHLAN. I hope the gentleman
will not make any objection. This bill simply
provides for a proper appraisal in the courts.
Mr. HOLMAN. My objection is simply
this: this subject has not b-en brought to the
attention of the House before in this form,
and I must object to its consideration at this
time.
FOREIGN COMMERCE OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on Com-
merce House bill No. 1743, for the encour-
agement of the foreign commerce of the Uni-
ted States; which was ordered to be printed
and recommitted.
Mr. PETERS. I move that the House now
adjourn.
Pending the motion to adjourn,
mexico.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York said : I ask
unanimous consent to submit for consideration
at this time a preamble and resolution that I
send to the Clerk's desk to be read. Before
it is road I desire to say that should it, be
adonted, and should I be offered the place of
chairman of the committee therein provided,
I must beg leave to decline it.
The Clerk read as follows :
Whereas Mexico, a neighboring and conterminous
territory, is and has been in a state of revol ucion tor
half a century; and whereas on our borders there
are constant raids and inroads 
Mr. HOAR. I call for the regul ar order.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Do 1 under-
stand the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hoar] to object to having this resolution read?
I will tell him that should he do so he will
have a rough road to travel if he shall ever
attempt to do anything here not strictly in
order.
Mr. VOORHEES. I rise to a parliament-
ary inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the
gentleman.
Mr. VOORHEES. I desire to inquire
whether, after the reading of a paper has
been commenced, it is in order for any mem-
ber to object to its further reading?
The SPEAKER, It is, for the reading it-
self is by unanimous consent.
Mr. VOORHEES. Is it in order to object
after the reading of the paper has been com-
menced and before it has been concluded ?
The SPEAKER. It is, for the gentleman
can see that if a paper must be read because
its reading has been commenced, there might
be some paper presented here the reading of
which would take two or three days.
Mr. VOORHEES. That is true, but that
would be for the discretion of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. It is for the discretion of
the House.
