I' 1872.
ir-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3347
perience on a single page of details, two whole
days being spent upon ten lines, and then
answer the question how we are going to
get through with three or four hundred lines.
In addition to that, the other branch of Con-
gress has decided to take, instead of legisla-
tion by details, the ten per cent, reduction;
just what we propose here. Hence, Mr.
Chairman, if we desire to relieve the Treasury
of its surplus, if we desire to take off duties
at all, if we desire to be practical rather than
theoretical, we must adhere to this ten per
cent, reduction as the only attainable measure.
It is asked will this proposition relieve in-
equalities, which I admit exist in the tariff.
But, sir, do we expect to be more success-
ful in details than any other House of Repre-
sentatives ever has been ? Can we relieve
inequalities without making inequalities ? If
we entertain such expectations we arrogate to
ourselves the ability to do that which no House
of Repiesentatives ever attained. We neces-
sarily make inequalities at the same time that
we undertake to relieve them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KERR. I modify my amendment so
as to make the reduction fourteen per cent,
instead of fifteen per cent. Sir, the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means,
in pursuing a line of discussion not at all
' uncommon with him in this House, has un-
dertaken to brush aside all that I have
said, and to treat it as of no value, demand-
- ing no refutation, and entitled to no consid-
eration. He undertakes to state to the House
that in spite of all my theories about the
oppressive rates of the tariff this country has
always prospered under it; that it has grown
rich and great and powerful under the protec-
tive system. Sir, the gentleman knows as
well as I do that no such disgraceful tariff as
this ever burdened an American statute-book
before 1861. He knows that this system
grew up during the late civil struggle in our
. country, and that it had its birth and origin in
a spirit of insatiate cupidity which took advan-
tage of the country's extremities, and enacted
these laws for bounty, not revenue. He
knows that the existing tariff law exceeds in
its inequalities, excesses, and enormities, every
tariff that ever before existed in the history
of ihis world. It never had a .parallel. In
1861 the average of all duties under our tariff
was nineteen and three fourths per cent, ad
valorem, on dutiable imports.
Oil all imports, duitable and free, only four-
teen and a half per cent. Now it is forty-eight
per cent, on dutiable imports, and forty-two
on all imports. Meanwhile every burden im-
posed on domestic production during the war
under our excise system has been removed,
and removed in the interest of the protected
gentlemen who are growing rich and powerful
under the tariff.
It is trifling with the intelligence of the
country to assert that its prosperity is the re-
sult of these abominable laws. It is the mar-
vel of thinking men throughout the world that
we are as prosperous as we are in spite of this
Bystem. The youthful vigor and irrepressible
energies of our people are so great that we are
able to live, ami grow, and inci ease in wealth,
in spite of these burdens and injustices. But
the daugerous and rapid tendency of the times
tinder this system is to make the few im-
mensely wealthy and powerful, at the expense
of the many ; to give aggregated capital special
privileges and grinding control over labor ; to
make '• the rich richer and the poor poorer."
Ihe gentleman cannot impose on the coun-
try or on the House by saying that I am will-
ing " to prostrate all the industries of my
country." Mr. Chairman, I love the indus-
tries of this country and the people of this
country quite as much, and as faithfully and
unselfishly as the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. I think my love embraces as nearly all
the country, every section and citizen in it,
as his ever did or ever will. My section has
never fattened and grown rich on bounty
extorted from all other parts and people.
Now it is true, Mr. Chairman, in the fiscal
policy I would establish in this country I
would not build up in Massachusetts, or in
New England, or in any part or portion of this
country, a combination of power and wealth
and monopoly which should gather tribute in
untold millions from the other portions of the
country. I do not love my country that. way.
I oppose all such systems of fiscal legislation
They are not conceived, begotten, or per-
petuated in the interest of this country at
all. but in the interest alone of sections and
classes, in the interest of particular favored
industries, at the expense and to the neglect
of others, which others are in all respects as
worthy, meritorious, and honorable, as much
entitled to Government favor and protection,
and much more in need of it. This is the
way in which the gentleman from Massachu-
setts illustrates his love ol' our country. It
is not my way. I have never yet cast a single
vote for bounty to friend or foe.
Mr. Chairman, a word more. The gentle-
man intimates to the House that I was abroad
last summer, and that I there saw the practi-
cal workings of some of the fiscal systems of
the Old World. I did go abroad, and 1 did
witness, Mr. Chairman, the practical workings
of free trade in Great Britain, the greatest
nation on the earth to-day in the development
of its material resources arid in its commerce,
and I saw and studied with care and instruc-
tion the effect of free trade on the interests,
commerce, agriculture, and mechanic indus-
tries of that country, and on the welfare of
its labor classes, and in all respects 1 found the
system to be most useful, excellent, and benefi-
cent, alike on the country and the people of all
classes. It gave new life and power and vigor
to every one of their industries. They grew
apace. They became more powerful than
ever, and at the same time the interest of
labor was advanced, the wages of labor in-
creased, the hours of labor shortened—in
every respect the condition of the poor im-
proved. It will not do at this late day for tne
gentleman to attempt to ignore or to belittle
the practical expenenee of great nations in
favor of free trade. It is worth his study and
the study of his country. It were well for the
statesmanship of our country if it were more
willing than it is to gather wisdom from the
practical workings of wise fiscal laws abroad.
If the experience ol Great Britain, Belgium,
and Prussia, tends to establish any one propo-
sition more clearly than another, it is that the
highest development of national and individual
prosperity, success, and power, can only be
attained under freedom of exchange, with
taxation for revenue alone.
[Here the hammer fell]
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, Itake^issue
with the gentleman from Indiana [_Mr. Kerb]
on his assertion that GreatBritaii^istliegreat-
est nation of the world. Sii, the United States
is the foremost and greatest nation of the world,
foremost and greatest in territory, in geograph-
ical position, in the prosperity and intelligence
of her people, in the freedom and expansive
adaptability of her institutions, and in the
bright, broad, and long future which lies before
the country andthepeople. Great Britain,sir,
is in her decadence. Her institutions are effete,
her Government decrepit Her landed property
is being absorbed by a few wealthy monopolists.
Her workshops are being extinguished by the
policy of her uew nobiliiy whose titles do but
evidence the fact of suddenly acquired wealth ;
and her work-houses swarm with skilled work-
men and their families who are fed on the bitter
bread of pauperism.
Sir, the gentleman, two days ago appealed
to the condition of the free-trade countries
of the world in support of his baneful theo-
ries. Where is the one that is not a ward-
ing rather than an example ? Ireland is one.
Before her union with England she had her
protected industries. She was distinguished
among the nations of the world by the supe-
riority of her paper, her silk, her flax, and
other fabrics and wares. Where are her fac-
tories now, and where her skilled artisans?
Ah 1 free trade has exterminated the one and
exiled the other. Free trade with England
has ruined Ireland. India, before Great Brit-
ain forced free trade upon her, had factories
for the production ofthe rarest and most costly
fabrics known to the world, and the ships of all
nations sought her ports to buy her unequaled
productions, but British free trade has van-
quished her manufactures, and the stench
which pervaded the wide district of Orissa
was raised by a million people starving and
rotting in the foetid air ; the famine that per-
vaded that fertile district having equaled that
which a few years ago more than decimated
the sturdy people of Ireland. These horrors
were but the legitimate effect of British free
trade upon nations which were prosperous
while they defended and protected their na-
tive industries. Yesterday thegentleman spoke
of Venice and Spain and Holland as countries
whose condition attested the beneficence of
free trade. Where are the glories of Venice or
Spain or Holland ?
Mr. COX. In Europe.
Mr. KELLEY While Holland manufac-
tured and England sold raw material, while
the Dutch taunted England with the fact that
she sold her skins for a sixpence and bought
back the tails dressed for a shilling, Holland
was great and Britain was poor, and without
commercial or naval prestige.
But when Holland, presuming upon her
commercial supremacy, sought to become the
carrier for the world and established free
trade, and England, to develop her resources
and promote domestic manufactures, adopted
the protective system, Holland became a
nation of the past, without hope, without
aspiration, whose governing classes are a body
of wealthy people who live oil incomes derived
fiom investments made by their ancestors.
Need I pause to speak of Venice or Spain?
Sir, what appreciable part does either impart
to the grand impulses and movements of the
era for which we legislate? History would
ssill speak of them, but the American people
would not miss them were they blotted from
the map of the world.
Where can the gentleman point to a pros-
perous free-trade nation? Look at little Por-
tugal. At the beginning of the last quarter of
the seventeenth century she was growing and
prospering as no other nation of her size and
population, and was vying to some extent, with
England in the export of her woolen goods.
H«r flocks of sheep were upon every hill-side
and her factories in every vale. But free trade
was to blast this prosperity! England sent
her court Mr. Metliuen to make a treaty, by
which the wines of Portugal should be admit-
ted to Biitish markets at a low rate of duty,
provided British woolens should be admitted
into Portugal. Mr. Methuen succeeded, and
reciprocal free trade was established between
Portugal and what the gentleman from Indi-
ana holds in his heart of hearts to be the
greatest nation in the world, and the sole ex-
emplar for American statesmen. When that
free trade came, the treacherous nation, more
than a million of wliose working people are
paupers, and whose manufacturers are princes,
reduced Portugal as all other free-trade na-
tions had been reduced to a mere dependency
of England. As a consequence of the diplo-
matic free-trade juggle, the manufactories of
Portugal.have ceased to exist, and her people
have been dependent upon the spindles, the
looms, the furnaces, and the forges of what,
till a quarter of a century ago, was protective
England.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURCHARD rose.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the pending amendment.
