1372.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
607
42d Oong....2d Hess.
Senator from Kansas—Report.
Senate.
people, and in no way can we do it better than
by an earnest and sacred care for the defend-
ers of oar institutions, by seeking to ingraft
on the law of nations a provision that will
follow the unfortunate prisoner of' war to his
imprisonment, return him to his home and his
friends, and save him from needless and profit-
less sacrifice.
China, locked up from. the' world for thou-
sands of years, chose an American to treat
for her with all nations, and her people are
now found in all lands. The Turk and the
Moor have learned to regard Christian Powers
and their commerce and people with respeet.
Spain—poor priest-ridden Spain—hag had
no rest. Her people, not willing to be just,
are continually rending each other. The
Moorish contests, which engrossed her sove-
reigns when Columbus asked aid to his dis-
coveries, terminated'! but the iniquities and
severities of the Inquisition poisoned send
maddened her people, and oorropt $ourban
misrule has left them to-day powerless -tq
safely conduet the rebellion they have cnm-
menesd in favor of their own liberties, while
her Cuban provinces boldly contend with her
armies and embarrass and weaken her treas-
ury. .
Spain will never reconquer Cuba;, cwilizat
tion and humanity are muted against it, The
days in which the cruel murder of defenseless
prisoners will be permitted with impunity have
passed and passed forever. Slavery and prison
murders must go down together; both, accursed
of God. must perish from every people who
revere His name and own His power.'
France has gone up through bloodshed, from
church and State, until every acre of her soilhas
been made to drink the blood of her own chil-
dren. But France is to-day apolitical volcano,
uncertain,in heraetion and terrible in herpolit-
ical eruptions, but when her power is spent the
lavaof her discontent flows back upon herbosom
and she is stifled in the ashes of her own ruins.
France cannot be free' until her people ,will
be generous. No nation maintains its liberty
that is careless of the rights of its citizens.
No Government will be well supported that
does not faithfully protect its defenders.
France has not learned wisdom from expe-
rience, terrible as that experience has been.
She destroys her prisoners with savage will,
and atones for it m the world's indignation
and a wasted nationality. No cause is suc-
cessful, w)iose advocates and supporters are
cruel t6 prisoners of war. Let the civil war
of England with her North American colonies,
that of France just closed in blood, that of
Spain now in its hateful existence, and that
of our own country from 1861 to 1865, stand
forth as transcendent proofs of this asser-
tion.
All Germany holds her liberties at the ex-
pense of the blood and treasure of her people.
Having passed through the dread ordeal of
civil strife and disintegrated nationality, they
are now united in one great government, jeal-
ous of the rights of its people and powerful in
their vindication.
The soldiery of all governments and coun-
tries are entitled to and will joyfully receive a
law of protection of prisoners of war, a pro-
tection they have so bravely earned. Even
England, our hypothetical mother, has had
her multiplied domestic and foreign conflicts.
War has been the common property of Eng-
land, and even at the present day her wisest
administration can scarcely meet and man-
age the growing spirit of disaffection among
her people (arising from an increasing knowl-
edge of our free institutions) which affects her
society as the curreuts in the ocean that flow
from our coast disturb the waters that sur-
round her islands. The voice of her people is
being heard. The .laborer, by whose industry
nations are built up in wealth and strength,
and the soldier, by whom they are defended
when their honor, their institutions, or their
perpetuity are in danger, are demanding and
are entitled to care and consideration.
Senator from Kansas.
REFOET O.F THE COMMITTEE
ox
PRIVILEGES AND ELECTIONS.
In the Senate, June 3, 1872,
Mr. Logan. The Cotomittee on Privileges and
Elections, who. were direeted by a resolution of the
Senate to uav«8ti«atfl thei election of the Senators
from Kansas, have directed me to submit a report
in relation to one of the Senators, [Mr. Pomeroy,]
which I ask be laid on the table and be printed.
The Vice President, The Senator from Kansas
who is interested on this subject, desires to know
whether the.reportis accompanied by a resolution.
Mr. Logah. No, sir; the committee merely ask
to be disohatged from th,e further consideration of
tile Subject.
The Vice President. The report will he laid
upon the table and printed.
The report was, on motion of Mr. Pomeroy,
ordered t  be_DriAt>ed in the Globe,
:. report.
- The Committee on Privileges and Elections,
to whom was referred a certified copy of the
refrort of the joint committee of investigation,
appointed by the Kansas Legislature of 1872,
to investigate all charges of bribery and cor-
ruption connected' with the senatorial elec-
tions of 1867 and 1871, met on "the- 20th of
April, 1872, and directed the clerk of said
committee to prepare an abstract of the evi-
dence furnished by the said report of the Legis-
lature of Kansas. On the 28d of April yonr
comtoittee'met and adjourned over until the
24th, when, oh account of sickness in the
family of Senator Thttbman, the case was post-
-pdned until h« should return Irom a visit
home.
On May 11 your committee met and adopted
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the chairman of the committee
do ask the Senate for leave to send for persons
and papers in reftyence to the elections of both 18tf7
and 1871, and that the committee have leave to sit
in the vacation,and to take testimony by either the
whole,committee or a ^ub-committee, at Washing-
ton or elsewiiere; that in asking for authority as
aforesaid the chairman be requested to state that
the committee express no opinion upon the subject.
On the same day the Senate, in response to
the request of the committee, adopted the fol-
lowing resolution :
In the Senate op the United States,
May 11, 1872.
Resolred, That the Committee on Privileges and
Elections he authorized to investigate the election
of Senator S. C. Pomeroy by the Legislature of
Kansas in 1867, and the election of Senator Alex-
ander Caldwell in 1871; tnat the committee have
power to send for persona and papers; that the
chairman or acting chairman of said committee, or
any sub-committee thereof, have power to adminis-
ter oaths; and that the committee be authorized'to
sit in Washington or elsewhere during the session
of Congress and in vacation.
Attest: GEO. C. GORHAM,
Secretary.
By W. J. JIcDONALD,
Chief Clerk.
On the 13th of May your committee met,
and, in accordance with the authority con-
ferred upon them by the resolution of the Sen-
ate, directed all witnesses, in reference to the
charges against S. C. Pomeroy, Senator from
the State of Kansas, to be summoned to
appear forthwith and testify in reference to
said charges, and also the clerk of the com-
mittee was directed to make inquiry who is
the present custodian of the books and papers
of the late Perry Fuller, of Washington, Dis-
trict of Colombia, and, if such information
can be had, that the party having possession
of his account-books, check-books, and bank-
books for the time between December 1, 1806,
and February 1,1867, be summoned to appear
with them.
On motion, the committee adjourned sub-
ject to the call of the chairman.
On the 21st day of May your committee
were called together for the purpose of pro-
ceeding with the examination, a portion of the
witnesses having arrived.
Senator Caldwell, of Kansas, appeared and
urged an early examination and disposition
of the question in reference to his election in
1871. Your committee, however, considering
the time tod Short during the sitting of Con-
gress to thoroughly investigate both senatorial
elections, concluded to. proceed only with the
investigation of the election of Mr. Pomerot
in 1867, leaving the case of Mr. Caldwell to be
examined during the vacation of Congress, or
at such time as may be agreed upon by your
committee.
The examination of the witnesses in the case
of Mr. Pomeroy was then proceeded with, aud
continued from day to day until the case was
closed.
Your committee respectfully submit all the
testimony,;and report as follows:
1. That ,rt appears from the evidence that
two United States Senators were elected by
the Kansas Legislature in 1867, Mr. S. C.
Pomeroy for a full term of six years, and Mr.
Ross for an unexpired term of four years from
the 4th day of March, 1867 ; ttmt th«, candi-
dacy of Mr. Pomerot was generally under-
stood by the people of Kansas during the elec-
tion of members of the Legislature who were
to elect Senators for the State of Kansas, and
that the election of Mr. Pomeboy as one of
those Senators was generally conceded ; that
all candidates against Mr. Pomeroy, for the
long term, withdrew from the contest, save
Mr. A. L. Lee. Mr. Pomeroy, in joint con-
vention of the two houses of the Legislature,
received eighty-four votes ; Mr. Lee received
twenty-five votes ; the disparity of votes being
so great as to preclude of itself the idea tha't
the election of Mr. Pomeroy, against the will
of the constituents of those who voted for him,
was procured by corrupt means.
2. There is no evidence that Mr. Pomeroy,
or any one for him, used any money or other
valuable thing to influence any vote in his favor,
or in any manner to bring about his election,
except hearsay, and this is plainly contradicted
by the direct testimony of the parties, either to
whom or by whom it is alleged such consid-
erations were given.
3. The evidence that Mr. Pomeroy's canvass
for Senator cost him considerable money is
clearly shown to be the expenses paid by him,
for himself and friends, during the senato-
rial canvass for hotel accommodations, discon-
nected entirely with the vote of any member,
either for or against him.
4. The evidence shows that some of the
friends of Mr. Pomeroy have been appointed
to office under the Government of the United
States, but fails to show that they were ap-
pointed in consideration of any vote or influ-
ence used by them in procuring the election
of Mr. Pomeroy, and your committee beg
leave to say that they can find no fault with
Mr. Pomeroy or any one else (when they rec-
ommend for appointment to office) that they
recommend their friends instead of their
enemies.
5. It appears from the evidence that Mr.
Pombroy engaged, for a compensation to be
made, the services of the Lawrence State Jour
nal to advance the interests of the Republican
candidates and of the Republican party in the
State of Kansas in the year 1866; but it also
appears thatsaid Journal broke its engagement
and supported the Conservative or Democratic
ticket.
Your committee, therefore, after maturely
