1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
659
continuations through the western States are vin-
dicating his sagacity. He sailed due west from
Europe to find a shorter route to the wealth ot India.
He was right: the fact that he encountered a con-
tinent. did not increase the distance between points ;
it did bat demonstrate the necessity for a new mode
of conveyance. This the railroad and locomotive
supply. The passage of the two oceans by steam, and
the crossing of our oountry on a railroad, will reduce
the time requisite for a voyage from London to
Canton to le^s than thirty days.
"Columbus was no enthusiast. He looked calmly
and gravely at facts, and spoke the words af sober
wisdom; and so, let folly sneer as it may, do those
who speak of the Pennsylvania road as alinkin the
chain of commercial facilities which is to girdle the
earth." * a w "The Mississippi val-
ley is not our western country, nor is the Pacific
coast of our country the 'far West'we look to.
Columbus would go west to the Indies; and we will
doit. The riches of our west, now the East, will
lade our road, stimulate our agriculture, develop
our vast mineral resources, quickon and expand our
enterprise, and drop their fatness throughout our
borders."
Such was the language of the honorable gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] on
that occasion. Less than nineteen years from
that time witnessed the completion of a con-
tinuous line of railway from ocean to ocean.
The direct western passage from Europe to
the ancient Indies had been accomplished.
Is it asked if the Northern and Southern
Pacific railroads when completed, with the
present Pacific road, will not be sufficient to
supply the wants and demands of the Pacific
States and Territories ? If so, I answer they
will not. We want and must have population ;
this we cannot have without railroads except
by natural increase. Every one understands
that the settlement of all new countries de-
pends upon either railroad or water commu-
nication, that withoutJone or both of these
the settler cannot sustain himself. The South-
ern Pacific is lo have its western terminus at
Sati Diego, about four hundred and fifty miles
southeast of San Francisco; and the North
Pacific will reach the ocean from five hun-
dred t,o six hundred and fifty miles north of
San Francisco. From Paget sound to Port-
land and to Sacramento, and also from Port-
land to Astoria, provisions have been made
for the construction of roads, and they are
now under construction. This, with our very
limited river navigation, constitutes the whole
of our facilities for settling that vast country.
It will be observed that the whole interior
section between the Rocky mountains and the
Cascade arid Sierra Nevada mountains is wholly
unprovided for, except so far as the present
Pacitic road and the Northern and Southern
roads cross this section from four hundred to
six hundred miles apart.
Now, let me ask the gentlemen who repre-
sent the States of the Mississippi valley west
of that river, what would have been the effect
upon those States if fifteen years ago they had
been limited to three avenues through whicli
only emigrants could reach tHere from States
further east, and through which their surplus
products could alone have been sent to ati
eastern market? If such had been the case, 1
apprehend that the statistics of that section
would not disclose so maryelous a progress as
they now do. Why, sir, look upon any official
railway map of recent date and note the lines
of railways which either cross the Mississippi
river, or, reaching it from the east, other lilies
upon the west side continue westward, and
freight and travel is transferred by ferries.
Between New Orleans and Sr. Paul there are
not. less than eighteen such lines in operation
or projected, and yet the country in the val-
ley of the Mississippi and west of that river
now organized into States is scarcely larger,
and certainly not more important in com-
mercial relations, than • the Pacific slope.
The one section has many thousand mile3
of river navigation, and is only separated by
the ehannel of the Mississippi river from thrifty
and populous sister States, while the other
has but very limited river navigation, and is
separated from the other States by avast arid,
treeless waste. In the one section within the
past ten or fifteen yeais the power of rail-
ways has been most beneficially felt, and their
greatest triumphs have been achieved.
It is difficult, Mr. Speaker, to convey to the
mind by words a correct conception of the
extent of our Pacific possessions, and the great
difference in the topography of that section
as compared with other sections of the coun-
try. Take the States of California and Oregon,
and the Territory of Washington, saying noth-
ing of the intervening country, and we have
an area of 311,274 square miles—larger than
the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Mich-
igan, Wisconsin, and Missouri combined.
Add Idaho and Nevada to the Pacific section,
and the area is over half a million square miles,
to equal which, with the States named, you
may add the States of Minnesota, Nebraska,
and Iowa. Looking over the list of railroads
connecting the States north and west of the
Ohio river, with the Atlantic sea-board, I find
there are at. least ten through lines, all groan-
ing under the weight of a constantly increas-
ing business, while numerous lines cross these
States in every direction. All these lines have
been built in little more than twenty years,
and have been the great agencies which have
filled those States so rapidly with population
and developed them to their present prosper-
ous condition.
Looking, then, to the results of the last
twenty years, and to the actual condition and
situation of the Pacific section, no one will
doubt the fact that the present Pacific road,
and the Northern and Southern Pacifies, when
completed, are totally inadequate to the wants
of settlement and development of the Pacific
States and Territories. I do not undervalue
the Northern Pacific railroad to Oregon and
Washington Territory, but while it will mate-
rially increase our facilities and add to our
population, it will not and cannot furnish us
the connection most desired and most needed
to develop our resources and throw settlements
into oar interior. I am aware that because
it is upon a higher latitude running upon the
shorter lines of the globe it is supposed to be
a shorter route, and so it may be directly
between Puget sound and Duluth.
But looking to the map it will be seen that
the great body of population of the United
States are south of a line drawn east and west
through Chicago, Illinois, und it is there, with
this great body of population, where our com
nieree is to be diffused, and from whence must
come our immigration; and the centers to
be reached and connected with are Omaha,
Chicago, St. Louis, Memphis, and Cincinnati.
Why should the commerce of the Columbia
be compelled to make the circuit by the forty;
eighth parallel to reach St. Louis, in latitude
38° 30', or Chicago, in latitude i'2° north, when
by the construction of this road it can reach
its destination in from twelve to twenty-four
hours less time, and from two to five hundred
miles less travel.
Besides, sir, the Noriliern Pacific will not
open a mile of Oregon territory to settlement
which is not already open and accessible by
means of the navigable waters of the Columbia
river, while the proposed road will Open the
whole eastern half of Oregon and nearly the
whole of Idaho Territory. Upon this line, be-
tween the Columbia riverandSalt Lake, there
is a vast extent of country known to abound in
coal, iron, copper, and the precious metals;
large areas of agricultural lands, or which,
by a general system of irrigation, might be
reclaimed to agricultural purposes, and still
larger areas of gi azing lands.
- The grazing lands alone that would be
opened and made accessible for grazing pur-
poses by the construction of this road would
sustain sheep enough to prodhce more wool
than the entire clip of the United' States, which
is now about one hundred million pounds per
annum, worth not less than $25,000,000 an-
nually. Since 1862 there has been mined from'
the placers along and adjacent to this route full
$30,000,000 of the precious metals, and the
annual yield cannot now be less than froni two
to three million dollars, while iron and coal
mines lio unproductive for want of cheap
transportation and more abundant labor.
There is still another reason why additional
lines should be constructed. We want cheap
transportation as well as population, and to
liave^ cheap transportation there must be com-
petition. This, sir, is a lesson which experi-
ence teaches as often as corporations secure
a monopoly of the carrying trade, and there
will be no exception to this rule upon the
Pacific slope. The Northern Pacific is too far
away from the present line to be in competi-
tion with it. Without the proposed road, the
monopoly upon each line will be complete;
with it there is the means of a very general and
safe competition which will be beneficial to the
country, and to Oregon in particular. Beside,
sir, just in proportion as our local resources
are developed, in that ratio will our commerce
with Asia and the islands of the Pacific ocean
be increased. It is an old adage that none
are so far from market as he who has nothing
to Sell, and what is true of an individual in
this respect, is equally true of a people, and
it is only an amplification of the adage to say
that no people have so lit.lle commerce, as those
who hare nothing to exchange. If our com-
merce with Asia is to grow and increase to our
profit, it must be mainly done by an exchange
of the products of the Pacific slope. And the
surest means of stimulating and developing
that commerce is to encourage the develop-
ment of the local resources of that section,
that we may have the largest possible amount
and widest range of products and commodities
to exchange. The wisdom of such a course it
would seem impossible to condemn.
It is proposed, sir, to confer the grant asked
upon a corporation organized under the gen-
eral laws ot Oregon, which is known and slyled
as the Portland, Dalles, and Salt Lake Railroad
Company, and it is confidently believed that,
with the aid asked from Congress, this com-
pany will be fully competent and able to pros-
ecute the work of constructing the proposed
road to a final and successful completion, [t
has the confidence of the men who represent
the business and capital of Oregon, as evi-
denced by the signatures to memorials pre-
sented here and in the other branch of Con-
gress, and will doubtless be sustained to the
utmost extent out of their private means.
To enable this company to prosecute this
great undertaking, and which is not merely
a local enterprise, Congress is asked to aid
by a grant of land one hundred feet wide
upon each side of the road, and also the
necessary lands for depots, stations, side
tracks, and other needful uses in operating
the road, not exceeding forty acres in any
one place, and also a further grant of each
alternate scciion of public land to the extent
of ten alternate sections per mile upon each
side of t-he road ; the alternate sections to
be sold by the United States as other public
lands are sold, to actual settlers thereon in
quantities not exceeding one hundred and
sixty acres to each settler, at a price not to
exceed $'2 50 per acre; the funds arising
from such sales of'lhe granted lands to be set
apart as a sinking fund to redeem the first-
mortgage bonds of the company, which are
not to exceed $30,000 per mile of the road ;
these funds to be invested in the bonds of
the United States until their application to
the purchase or redemption of such bonds,
which is to be effected through the Secretary
of the Interior.
I am aware, sir, that within the past few-
years there have been very numerous and very
extensive grants of the public lands made to
corporations for the purpose of aiding in the
construction of railroads. These grants, either
from their great number, extent, or the las
manner in which they are alleged to have been
made, or all these causes combined, have
developed a very stroi.g and growing opposi-
