1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4243
by saying that I have a letter of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office and also of
the Secretary of the Interior upon the same
subject, which I can have read if any one
desires.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose this is made
larger from the fact that the Government is
administering upon some large Indian res-
ervations, the expenses of which will be re-
imbursed after the lands are sold, but the
Government has to pay the expenses in the
first instance. In administering upon this
land the Government pays the expense and is
then reimbursed from the sales. That is the
solution of it, I suppose.
Mr. COLE. These letters can be read if
any one desires to hear them.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 34, line
eight hundred and twenty-eight, to increase
the appropriation "for incidental expenses
of the land offices" from $40,175 to $50,175.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 35, line
eight hundred and thirty-one, to increase the
appropriation "for expenses of depositing
moneys received from sales of public lands"
from $10,000 to $13,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 37, after
line eight hundred and ninety-four, to add the
following clause:
To provide for payments due and unpaid on July
1.1872, on the purchase by the institution of the
estate known as Kendall Green. $70,000: Provided,
That before the expenditure of any part of tins
appropriation, by proper deeds of conveyance, to
be approved by the Attorney General of the United
States, ail the real estate now owned by the said
Columbia Institution for the Deaf and Dumb shall
be vested in the United States as trustee, for the^ole
use and purpose provided in the act entitled "An
act to incorporate the Columbia Institution for the
Instruction of the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind,"
approved February 16, 1857, and the several acts
amendatory thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 39, line
nine hundred and forty-nine, in the appropri
ations for the Smithsonian Institution^ to in-
crease the appropriation " for preservation of
the collections of the surveying and exploring
expeditions of the Government" from $10,000
to $15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 40, lines
nine hundred and seventy-two to nine hundred
and seventy seven, inclusive, to strike out the
following proviso:
Providing, That the avenues, streets, and ap-
proaches to the Capitol and grounds within one
thousand yards thereof, shall have their grades
established by the architect of the Capitol extension,
under the direction of the Committees on Public
Buildings and Grounds of the Senate and House oi
Representatives.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
Provided, That the grades of the streets and ave-
nues in the vioinity of the Capitol be, and the same
are hereby, established in conformity with the plan
approved by the mayor of the city ol Washington,
the offieer in churgeof public buildings and grounds,
a d thearehitect of the Capitol extension, as author-
ized by the joint resolution approved July 14,1870;
and for this purpose the plan made by William For-
syth, surveyor, dated January 23,1871, on file in the
office of the architect of the Capitol extension, shall
be considered authentic.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 41, after
line nine hundred and ninety-nine, to insert
the following among the appropriations for the
Botanical Garden:
For continuing fence and erecting gateways en
Third street, S7.500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 44, in lines
ten hundred and sixty-seven and ten hundred
and sixty-eight, to strike out the following
clause:
For completion of the wagon-road bridge connect-
ing Moline with Rock Island, $100,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. These two lines were
stricken out, as I understand, by the commit-
tee for want of information and under a mis-
apprehension. A communication from the
War Department shows the necessity of that
appropriation, and I ask the Clerk to read it.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
War Department, February "IS, 1872.
The Secretary of War has the honor to send to
the House of Representatives a communication
from the chief of ordnance, recommending an ap-
propriation of $100,000 for the completion of the
wagon-road bridge connecting Moline with Rock
Island, Illinois. WA1. W. BiiLKNAP,
Secretary of War.
Ordnance Office, War Department.
Washington, February liJ, 1872.
Sir: On the 14lh of April, 1869, authority was
given by General Schofield, Secretary of War, tor the
construction of a wagon-road bridge connecting the
town of Moline, Illinois, with the upper end of the
island of Rock Island. On the 9th December, 1869,
upon the recommendation of General Rodman, com-
manding the arsenal, the piers and abutments of
the bridge were, under your authority, ordered to
be built. No appropriation for building the super-
structure of the bridge has been asked for, and the
work is in the same condition as it was left upon
the completion of the piers. Funds have not been
heretofore requested to prosecute the work to final
completion, because other objects at Rock Island
arsenal, of more immediate importance, demanded
earlier attention, and I felt that this project might
be deterred for a time without serious inconven-
ience to the Department. It was for this reason
that the Department refused the application of the
commanding officer of the arsenal to permit the
bridge to be built from appropriations that were
under his control.
I am entirely of theopinion that the bridge will be
a great public convenience, and inure to the ben-
efit of the public service, and do recommend that
$100,000 be appropriated for its completion, this
beiug the sum estimated.
It may be well to state that the town of Moline
has pledged itself not to ask to be allowed to use
the road between the bridge and the lower part of
the island as a public highway.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
A. B. DYER,
Chief of Ordnance United States A r my.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the amendment
on that statement will not be concurred in.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I should like
to have some explanation of this matter. This
establishment at Rock Island is one of our pet
institutions, but it is a very expensive one.
I remember that we had to build a bridge there
at a very large expense. Now, 1 have no
doubt this is, as the Secretary of War states,
a great public convenience to Moline, but of
•what use is it to the United States?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Moline does not use it
at all. The officer states that the citizens of
Moline do not propose to use it. This bridge
is over the portion of the river between Mo-
line and the island. Iiock Island arsenal is
on the island of Rock Island, and this bridge
connects the island of Rock Island with the
mainland. The piers have already been built,
and this is for the superstructure.
Mr. MORRILL, ot' Vermont. Yes, and I
remember the old structure was one that did not
cost more than ten or fifteen thousand dollars,
and was considered amply sufficient for the pur-
pose. Now, why should we build a very ex-
pensive structure there, that is really not
needed, at an expense of $100,000? It seems
to me it is a very extravagant appropriation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is the estimate of
the officers there. The officers in charge and
the Secretary ot' War recommend it. The
Committee on Appropriations^ I understand,
did not have the recommendation of the Sec-
retary of War before them at the time they
recommended this appropriation should be
stricken out. I suppose if they had had the
papers before them they would not have made
such a recommendation!.
Mr. COLE. This bridge seems to be a sort
of afterthought. The recommendation for it
does not appear in the regular book of esti-
mates, but in a separate document, which has
been read, and the chief point in which was
called to the attention of the Senate by the
honorable Senator from Vermont, where it
says that the bridge will be a great public con-
venience and inure to the benefit of the pub-
lic service. I really think it must be more
for the public convenience than for the use of
the United States.
Now, the very next item in the bill relates
to the construction of the Rock Island bridge,
for which we appropriated, as will be recol-
lected, $500,000, and the proposition in the
next paragraph is to continue the use of so
much of that appropriation as has not been
expended under the War Department for the
completion of the bridge. That is a very
costly one; and without more information
than we have in this document I hardly
think we can recommend the building of this
bridge for the public convenience. No doubt
it would be a bridge for the public conven-
ience, but that it really would be a work
required by the United States is another
question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator certainly
has not read the report of the officer. It is
not a bridge for the public convenience ; it is
for the public service.
Mr. COLE. I will read the language.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And it is expressly
stated by the officer:
"It may be well to state that the town of Moline
has pledged itself not to ask to be allowed to use the
road between the bridge and the lower part of the
island as a public highway."
Mr. COLE. The Senator seems to take
exception to my language, and 1 will read
what the officer does say.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is for the public con-
venience, but it is for the public convenience
of the men employed in the arsenal. It is for
the public convenience of the United States,
not for the public convenience, as I under-
stand it, of the town of Moliue.
Mr. COLE. I do not know what it relates
to particularly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand from one
of my colleagues in the other House, who re-
sides at Rock Island, that this is for the public
convenience of the Government shops and
employ6s, and not for the citizens of Moline.
Mr. COLE. I wish merely to add that the
divers and sundry objects for which appropri-
ations are made in the paragraph just above
this, amounting in all to $652,000, were thought
to be very liberal for that locality, particularly
when we in the amendment commencing in
line ten hundred and sixty-nine proposed to
continue the unexpended balance of the ap-
propriation of $800.000—how much it is 1 do
not know—for the completion of another
bridge. That is all I have to say on the
subject.
Mr. HARLAN. The last observation of
the honorable Senator, I think,_ ought not to
have very much weight. There is a small bal-
ance of an appropriation which that amend-
ment proposes to extend into the next fiscal
year. It amounts, I understand, to but a very
few thousand dollars.
The exact condition of this proposed bridge
ought to be understood by those who propose
to vote against it, as well as those who will
vote for it.
Rock Island is about three and a half miles
long. At the upper end of the island a water-
power has been created by throwing a dam
across the channel separating the_ island from
the Illinois shore. The main public buildings,
I believe, are near the center ot'the island, but
a large part of the force that is needed to tun
the machinery must necessarily be at or near
this dam where the water-power is created,
and, as I understand it, it is proposed to com-
plete this bridge for the convenience of the
public immediately below this dam in connec-
tion with the water-power and Government ma-
chinery. it can be of no possible practical use
to the people at large, except that small part of
them who may reside in the village of Moline
and work for the Government on the island of
Rock Island. It would be of great conven-
ience to them, doubtless, as it would require a
travel of some five or six miles to go down to
the lower end of the island to get across to go
