2452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
has shown it to be specially adapted for the
production of' gas. The iron ore in said
county is the brown hematite variety, and is
now looming np into great importance. There
is no convenient outlet for shipment of said
coal and iron to the large cities and manufac-
turing towns for the various uses to which
they are applicable and for which tliey are so
much needed, and therefore the adoption of
this amendment is of the first importance to
give such outlot, and thereby supply the great
want of the cities and towns referred to.
These coal and iron deposits are located about
sixty miles northwest of St. Louis, Missouri.
It is proper to state, also, that the coun-
ties of St. Charles and Lincoln, that are sepa-
rated by the Cuivre river as their boundary
line, are among the oldest and most densely
populated counties in the State of Missouri,
abounding in an intelligent, enterprising, and
progressive people. The lands along the
shores and valleys of this river are essen-
tially farming lands, thickly settled, and kept
in a high state of cultivation. The princi-
pal farmiug products are tobacco, wheat,
corn, and other grains, fruit in large quanti-
ties, cattle, and other products. There is no
means of transportation, or convenient outlet
for this large body of fanners to get these val-
uable products to the markets of the country.
Therefore the adoption of this amendment
and the improvement of the navigation of this
river will open and promote large and import-
ant branches of business material to the gen-
eral interests of' a large and central section
of the country. I hope, therefore, the amend-
ment- may be adopted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to oppose
the amendment, and call for a vote.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Ivixg, there were—ayes 88, noes 73.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. ACKER. I move that the House now
adjourn.
On agreeing to the motion there were—
ayes G7, noes 'J3.
Mr. ACKER. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. MOUPIIIS. 1 move to amend by in
serting •'fur the Toinbigbee river, $15,000,"
By reference to the report of General Hum-
phreys, made in 1870, it will he found that
$21,500 was then recommended for the im-
provement of this river. I made the motion
in this House last year for a survey, and it
was accordingly ordered.
Mr. CONGER. If the gentleman will agree
to make the amount §10,000, so that it will
bo proportionate to other appropriations of
the same kind, no objection will be made
to it.
Mr. MOUPIIIS. Very well; I modify my
amendment so as to make the amount $10,000.
Mr. SAWYER. I have no objection to that.
Th o amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 2. That the Secretary of War is hereby di-
rocU'd to cause ex.unin;itionrf 01- surveys, 01 both,
to bo mado at tho following points, namely: At
Keyport harbor, New Jcr.soy; channel at i^lizabeth-
]mj t, JNow Jci*ey ; at (Johansuy creek, .New jersey :
jit Lear creek, Luke Ontario, New York; at Wad-
uiugton harbor. Now York; for a breakwater at
Kou.se'ti Point., ou Lake Champlain. New York ; at
Port Austin and Port Creboont, Michigan; at tho
mouth ot Pcn^aukio river. Wisconsin; atW:niko<*;m
harbor, LLmois; rho Alar.hiasriver.Maine ; at Wick-
ford harboi aim Newport harbor, lihode island; the
east s itl« of Providence river, between Field's Point
and iox Point, lihode Island; at Port Orfoid, Ore-
gon; at Ji^tero bay, >San Luis, Obispo county, Cali-
lornia; tlio nioutbs of Nomom creek and Occoquan
river, Virginia; tho bay or sound from Delaware
line through Worcester eountv to Cbipcoteague
inlet, Vn^iuia, with a view to an inlet at or near a
place culled the ilormuaeks; for a ship-canal be-
tween toe waters of Galveston bay and Saline lake,
lexas; Chester river at Kent inland narrows, Mary-
land; bt. i«rancis river, from Greenville down, Mis-
souri; Gasconade river, Missouri; Toiubigbeeriver,
between 1'ulton and Columbus, Missi>sipi i; harbor
oi Lcd.ir Keys and channel to same, Florida; i\ri an-
tic river, Conneoneut: tho bars at the outlet of
pcibjiie i ass. iexusj the Mississippi nvoy between
the mouth of the Missouri river and the mouth of
the Ohio river; west end of the pass at and near Bio
Buck Point. Texas; the bar at the mouth of Sabine
river, in Sabine lake, and to extend up the main
channel of said river to the town of Belzora; at the
mouth of the Nuches river, in Sabine lake, and to
extend up the main channel of said river to the town
of Boonville; at the point where tbe Angelica river
falls into the Nuches river, and to extend up the
main channel of said river to the town of Pattonia,
Texas; at the mouth of the*Trinity river, in Gal-
veston bay, and to extend up the main channel of
said river to the town of Magnolia, Texas; Wash-
ington harbor, North Carolina; Edenton harbor,
North Carolina; mouth of Mackay's creek, North
Carolina; Chippewa river up to Chippewa falls, Wis-
consin ; harbor at Swanton, Vermont; harbor at
Galveston, Texas; at Appalachicola river, from
Chattahoochee, Florida, to Appalachicola; at Chat-
tahoochee river, from Columbus, Georgia, to Chat-
tahoochee, Florida; at Flint river, from Albany,
Georgia, to Chattahoochee, Florida,
Mr. BIRD. 1 move to amend the phrase-
ology of the clause relating to the channel at
Elizabetbport. NewJersey, so that it will read,
''channel between Staten Island and New
Jersey."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. I move to amend the pend-
ing section by adding thereto the following:
For survey for breakwater at Mil ford, Connecti-
cut ; mouth of Pine river, Michigan ; harbor of San
Diego, California; mouth of Grand Calumet river,
Indiana; Gueat Kanawhariver, from the Great Falls
to the mouth, West Virginia; to complete the sur-
vey of the James River and Kanawha canal; for
survey of Camdou harbor, Maine; for a sea-wall or
brfiikwateratTrinidadhnrbor, California; survey of
the channel and bank at entrance of Salem harbor,
on Merrimac rivor, Massachusetts; from liaverhill
to Newburyport, including Buck llole and Carmen
shoals; the New river, from the month of Green-
brier, West Virginia, to the lead mines in Wythe
county, Virginia; at St. Helen's bar infrho Columbia
rivor, Oregon ; for survey for tho removal of wrecks
of gun-boats, steamers, and other obstructions placed
in Yazoo river during the war.
Mr. CONGER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding " and for resurvey of Savannah
harbor."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to; and the amendment, as amended,
was adopted.
Mr. SHANKS. I move further to amend
the section by adding the following;
For survey for a ship-canal from the south end
of Lake Michigan to tlie Wabash river, and along
said liver to the Ohio river.
Several Members, Oh, no.
Mr. MOORE. Why, sir, that is a stupendous
work.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. STORM, i move to amend by adding
at the end of the pending section "the Dela-
ware river between Trenton and Easton."
Mr. SAWYER. I have no objection to that
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LAM [SON. I move to amend by add-
ing " and survey of the river St. Mary in Ohio
and Indiana."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TURNER. I move to amend by add-
ing 11 for the improvement of the Alabama
river between Selma and Mobile, in the State
of Alabama, $50,000."
Mr. SAWYER. I raise the point of order
that this amendment is not in order on this
section.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. DUNNELL. I move to amend by
adding to the section " for tbe survey of the
Minnesota river above the mouth of the Yel-
low Medicine."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. I now call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof, the bill, as amended, was
ordered to bo engrossed for a third reading.
Being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. SAWYER moved to reconsider the vote
by which thQ bill was passed; and also piovfjd ,
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accord-
ingly (at four o'clock and forty-live minutes
p. m.) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under tbe rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BELL: The petition of B. P. Blais-
dell and others, citizens of Goffstywn, New
Hampshire, for the passage oi House bill No.
1738, for an increase of-pensions.
By Mr. BUPF1NTON : The petiiion of E.
H. Tinkham, of Freetown, Bristol county,
Massachusetts, who, having served during tlie
late war in the Navy, prays to be placed on
the retired list of the Navy.
By Mr. BUTLBli, of Tennessee : The peti-
tion of citizens of Los Angelos, California,
protesting against the passage of the bill of
the House ot Representatives to expedite the
survey of private land claims.
By Mr. CLARK, of Texas: The petiiion
of John W. Payne, Bluford C. Holland, and
John M McDonald, for removal of political
disabilities.
Also, the petition of certain citizens of
Texas, for return of cotton tax.
Also, the petition of certain citizens of Lib-
erty county, Texas, for the passage of the
amended civil rights bill.
By Mr, COX: The petition of W. H. S.
Meney and 1,510 others, citizens of Brooklyn
and New York, against further land grants.
Also, the petition of A. 0. C. Tamson and
others, citizens of New York city, against the
recognition of God ill the Constitution, and
for religious liberty.
By Mr. ELY: The petition of citizens of
Newark, New Jersey, against the reduction
of duty on stoneware.
By Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan : The peti-
tion of W. G. Niles and 17 others, for the
passage of House bill No. 1738, in favor of
doubling the pensions of those who have lost
limbs or eyes.
By Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio: The petition
of Samuel A. Davis and 90 others, soldiers in
the State of Ohio, asking an equalization of
bounties.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: The memo-
rials of Captains J. II. Scott and J. P. Millet,
and Lieutenant E. C. Hawkins, late of the
thirteenth Ohio volunteer infantry, for pay as
commissioned officers prior to date of muster.
By Mr. GRIFFITH: The petition of Wil-
liam J. Jacobs and 40 others, citizens of
Mercer county, Pennsylvania, remonstrating
against tbe extension of the patent on movable
frame bee-liives, known asLongstroth's patent,
and assigning the following reasons: (irst,
Longstroth's patent has been reissued and
extended, and has been a source of income to
him for a period of twenty-one years; second,
thousands have already purchased a right
twice, compelled to do so by first extension,
and many more have quite recently puichased.
Both of these classes would now be compelled
to repurchase in the event of a second exten-
sion. This extension would be granted only
for the benefit of the patentee, and as there
are other hives in the market superior to his,
tbe benefit would be obtained almost entirely
at the expense of present benefit-right owners,
who, having invested and having their bees
established in those hives, would have no
alternative but to repurchase or suffer great
loss by precipitately abandoning the hive ;
third, the claims of said patent are now con-
tested in the United States courts. There is
abundant evidence that these claims are invalid,
and the patent should never have been granted ;
fourth, Longstroth preposterously claims all
