1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4245
lative provisions, other than such asdirectly relate
to the appropriations contained in the bill, shall be
received."
If that rule is to be applied to this bill, then
this amendment is out of order, in the opinion
of the Chair.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Why, Mr.
President, we find here an appropriation for
the improvement of Farragut square, $5,000.
Now, is it not germane to say that there shall
be no railroad at the side of Farragut square?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill is
a bill making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1873, and the opinion of the Chair
is that legislation of this sort is not germane
to that specific object contained in the bill.
This appropriation of $5,000 for the improve-
ment of Farragut square is for improvement
inside of the square, but does not relate to
railroads.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I do not know
that the Chair fully understands the question.
The improvement of a square is not only
inside of the square, but relates to the fences
and the pavements round about it. This clause
relates not only to Farragut square but Frank-
lin square. Certainly nothing could be more
germane than this amendment; and if it is
germane it, is certainly useful and proper.
The PRESIDING OFFICER The Chair
will not, argue any point of order, but will state
to the Senate that this is a legislative act. It
reads: " and all railroads are hereby prohib-
ited." It is the repeal of the law, provided
there is any such law, authorizing any railroad
there.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think myself the point
as to the last two lines would be well taken ;
but as to prohibiting railroads in front of a
square in providing for the improvement of it,
it seems to me that is clearly proper. The
very question is, what improvements shall be
made in those squares. The last clause is
certainly legislation, although 1 do not suppose
a street railroad could be laid in this city
without the authority of Congress, at, any rate.
I have always been surprised that any one sup-
posed it possible that the legislative authority
here in this District could authorize the con-
st! uctiou of a railroad through our avenues,
•which are expressly reserved by law to the ex-
clusive jurisdiction of Congress, except for
mere municipal purposes. I understand a
railroad company has been chartered to run
along the avenues of this city. That clearly
cannot be done without the authority of Con-
gress, because the avenues are expressly the
propertv of the United States.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. This road is
already built, is it not?
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no.
Mr. COLE. I ask that this amendment be
passed over. There are several other reserved
questions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations
desires that this amendment be passed over
for the present.
Mr. CONKLING. Why pass it over?
Mr. BLAIR. I object to that. 1 have a
word to say about these streets.
Mr. COLE. Do I understand the Senator
from Missouri to object to its being passed
over ?
Mr. BLAIR. Yes, sir. The streets have
nothing to do with Farragut square or Frank-
lin square. They are completely outside ; but
this amendment goes outside of those squares.
Nothing can be clearer than that this propo-
sition is out of order under the rules of the
Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. This debate seems to
be proceeding by general consent, and 1 beg
leave to make a suggestion. This is " an act
making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1873, and for other pur-
When we look into the act we find a
variety of provisions touching the improvement
of the public grounds, the public squares, the
avenues, lamp-posts, and various things. I say
nothing at this moment about the merits of
tbis amendment; it does not bear upon the
question of order; but we come on page 51
to these words:
For improvement of Farragut square, $5,009.
Then the first two lines of this amendment
are:
And all milroads are hereby prohibited on the
I street and K street fronts of Farragut, Scott, and
Franklin squares.
And I observe that Franklin square and
Scott square are also included in the bill,
although in lines which we have not yet
reached. Now, I submit to the Chair that
there could be no ruling upon the question
of the limits of the word "germane," which
would say that the improvements to be made
or the appropriations must apply to the inside
of the square. For example, take one of
these squares, Scott square; suppose there
is some obstruction in the street in front of
it; suppose there is some unsightly encum-
brance in front of it; is there any doubt that
it would be germane to provide that that
should be removed ; that that nuisance should
be abated? Suppose there is a large hole,
which is to be filled up, in the street; cer-
tainly, I submit, it would be within the prov-
ince of the bill, under the most technical
construction, to provide for that, because the
right to the fee runs to the center of the street.
That is the general rule, municipal regulations
making exceptions in some instances; so that
if a man comes and sits down on the curb-
stone in front of my house, I have a right to
make him go away. Why? Because the
public have an easement to travel that street;
but nobody has a right to come there and put
up a stand to vend fruit, or remain there, or
stay there at all, because I own the fee to the
center of the street.
I adduce this merely to show that in the
most technical and literal meaning you cannot
confine the right to improve premises to that
part of the premises privately occupied, and
stopping with that part over which the public
have an easement, a servitude, a right, which
makes it a public highway. Therefore, how-
ever it may be with the latter two lines, " and
no further street railroads shall be laid down
in the city of Washington without the consent
of Congress," I respectfully submit to the
Chair that so much of the amendment as the
first two lines embrace is in order, or else a
very large part of this bill and of the amend-
ments'which have been proposed must be out
of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will observe to the Senate that the ruling was
made on the amendment on the two lines
referred to. If the committee will divide their
amendment the Chair will reverse his ruling
so far as it relates to the first two lines of that
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Chair is per-
fectly right in regard to the last two lines.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was the
last two lines, "and no further street railroads
shall be laid down in the city of Washington
without the consent of Congress," that at-
tracted the attention of the Chair.
Mr. CONKLING. That was very natural.
If the Chair will pardon me, I call attention
to line eleven hundred and ninety-eight. I
had intended to do so before, but the Senator
from Louisiana reminds me of it. We find
here "improvement and care of public
grounds.'' That is a general head in the bill
as it came from the House.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then on
page 52, line twelve hundred and sixty-four:
For improving reservations on different avenues,
$20,000.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to remind
the Chair of one other thing. The present
occupant of the chair said on the floor a short
time ago that it was difficult to see what was
germane to such a bill as this, because there
was no single theory of appropriation, like the
Army bill or the river and harbor bill, run-
ning through it. That is quite true; but 1
venture to suggest to the Chair that this bill is
a given thing more or less definite. It comes
to us from the House. No matter how many
different things it relates to, here it IS, a
bill for sundry civil expenses and for other
purposes. You look in it and you find the
" care of the public grounds," "care of res-
ervations," "fences." &c. Now, when you
come, I submit, to offer an amendment which
relates particularly to one of the squares which
by name is stated in the bill as it comes from
the House, it is very difficult to see how an
amendment relating to that is not germane.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has stated that if the committee divide their
amendment, the Chair will rule the first two
lines in order; the last two lines he will rule
out of order.
Mr. COLE. Then I will modify the amend-
ment, if there be no objection, by striking out
the last two lines, leaving the amendment stand
with the first two lines and ask a vote upon
that.
Mr. MOIIRILL, ofVermont. Iam not sure
that it had not better all be stricken out, be-
cause I quite agree with the Senator from Ohio
that no authority exists in the city, in the
Board of Public Works, or in the Legislature
of this District, to incorporate a railroad com-
pany of any sort. If we should say that they
should not do this on I and K streets, by im-
plication they might hold that they had a right
to put a railroad on every other street. There-
fore I rather think it had better all be stricken
out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California moves to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last two lines.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think it
had better all go out.
Mr. BLAIR. 1 made the point of order
on the entire amendment, and 1 thmk that
should have been decided without debate ;
but the debate is going on informally and by
unanimous consent, and 1 am perfectly will-
ing to that; but I make the point of order
on the entire amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If it is not
to be divided, the Chair decides that the
amendment is out of order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I give notice that at the
proper time, if nobody else does, I shall move
to insert the first two lines. I do not wish
the public squares marred by street railroads.
It is a strange idea that they cau make a rail-
road in the city of Washington without the
authority of Congress, especially when Con-
gress has the absolute ownership and propri-
etary right, without limitation, as to the ave-
nues of this city. It seems to mc^ anybody
who would risk money on such a title must
have more money than brains.
Mr. WEST. By the act of 1870, author-
izing the formation of corporations in the
District, it is positively prohibited that any rail-
road shall be constructed within the District
except with the sanction of Congress. I read
from the act—•
"That no railroad shall be built under the provis-
ions of this act until the route and termini of said
road shall have been approved and sanctioned by
Congress."
But under the organic act there is first, an
assumed prohibition (and I think it is very
correctly assumed) that no exclusive franchise
shall be granted to any corporation, in these
words, "that the Legislative Assembly shall
not pass special laws," among other things
"granting to any corporation, association, or
individual any special or exclusive privilege,
immunity, or franchise whatever." But the
