1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3349
On ordering the yeas and nays there were
ayes fifteen, noes not counted.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I demand tellers on
ordering the yeas and nays.
On ordering tellers there were ayes eigh-
teen.
So tellers were not ordered; the yeas and
nays were not ordered; and the motion of Mr.
Dawes was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
.Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Scofield in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
2322) to reduce duties on imports and to re-
duce internal taxes, and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The House has ordered
that all debate on the pending section be
closed in ten minutes.
Mr. MORGAN. I move to amend by strik-
ing out in line twelve the words "on all wools.1'
Mr. Chairman, two antagonistic principles
divide the House on the subject of that system
of taxation known as the tariff. On the one
side it is claimed, and such is my belief, that
to levy a tax for any other purpose than for
revenue is unconstitutional. On the other
side it is maintained that Congress has thfe
right to levy a tariff tax for the especial pur-
pose of what is called protection; that is, to
compel a purchaser to pay for an article more
than jt is worth. It is upon the first principle
that I have moved to amend the second para-
graph of the second section of this bill. This
section proposes to make a reduction of ten
per cent, on the present rates " on all wools,
hair of the alpaca goat, and other like ani-
mals, and all manufactures wholly or in part
of wool,-or hair of the alpaca, and other like
animals," and I have moved to strike out the
words "all wools," so that the duty on that
article will remain unchanged.
During the last fiscal year the revenue col-
lected from the duty on wool amounted to more
than four and a half millions, a greater sum than
was ever before raised upon that article during
one year. Hence, unless this bill is advocated
in the interest of what is called protection, if
it is supported on the doctrine that no tariff is
legitimate which is levied for any other pur-
pose than revenue, then, inasmuch as the
present rate of duty on wool has produced
the largest revenue ever raised on that article,
it conclusively follows that the present is a
revenue rate and should not be changed. In
proposing to reduce the duties ten per cent, on
certain enumerated articles, it is assumed
that the present duties on those articles are
equitable. For, if the duty on some articles
be too high and on others too low, a general
reduction of ten per cent, would only con-
tinue the abuse. This I claim to be the case.
For instance, when the manufacturer buys
four pounds of wool at thirty cents per pound
at the custom-house, he pays on the wool a duty
or tax of fifty-one cents, but when the lour
pounds of wool are manufactured and sold to
the farmer the farmer pays a duty of $5 95,
which is included in the price of the goods,
and is that much more than their value. I t is
claimed that this fifty-one cents is a protection
to the farmer on four pounds of wool; then it
follows that on the four pounds of wool made
up the manufacturer is protected $5 95 ; that
he receives about twelve limes more protection
than does the farmer.
To be more specific, at the present rates the
tariff on clothingwool atthirty-twocentsorless
per pound is ten cents per pound, and eleven
cents on every dollar's worth of wool imported.
This wool is bought at thirty cents per pound;
then four pounds of wool at the custom-house'
costs $1 20; the specific duty per pound is ten
cents, and on four pounds is forty cents; the
ad valorem duty is eleven per cent., and on
four pounds is eleven cents. For the four
pounds of wool at the custom-house the manu-
facturer pays $1 71, and that amount includes
the fifty-one cents duty on the wool, which is
said to be the protection of the farmer. With
this raw material, which cost the manufacturer
$1 7J., he makes fourteen yards of women's
and children's goods worth eighty cents per
yard, $11 20. On these goods there is a spe-
cific duty of fifty cents per pound, which, on
four pounds amounts to two dollars; also, an
advalorem duty of thirty-five per cent., making
$3 95; total price of goods, $17 15; these four-
teen yards of goods were made of four pounds
of wool, which cost the manufacturer $1 71,
and which he sold made up to the farmer
for $17 15, of which sum $5 95 is a bonus
which the farmer was and is forced to bestow
on the manufacturer. The eighty cents per
yard on the goods covers the cost of material,
labor, original profit, and loss by wear and
tear of machinery. It would be unjust, then,
to apply the same rate of reduction to the
wool-grower who is only protected fifty-one
cents on four pounds of wool, and to the
manufacturer who is protected twelve times as
much on the same quantity.
It is plain, then, that as a question of
revenue, the tariff on wool should not be re-
duced, and that the proposed reduction on
woolen go'ods is much too small. The duty
is so high as to check healthy competition,
and, in the language of one of the best-in-
formed business men in the country, "the
present tariff offers the highest premium for
the use of cotton and poor shoddy in goods
for men's use, such as coatings, beavers, cas-
simeres, and doeskins, and the quality of Ameri-
can goods of these kinds is constantly deteri-
orating. Many, very many goods are now
made and sold as woolens which range from
twelve to forty per cent, wool, the rest jute,
cotton, and poor shoddy."
No class of our people deserve more watch-
ful care over their rights than do the farmers.
Their toil is the original source of all our
wealth; in peace they are frugal, industrious,
and law-abiding, and in war they form our
country's strongest bulwark. They never in-
fest these Halls to beg for alms, nor seek to
corrupt legislation through the agency of a
hired lobby. Reduce your tariff to a purely
revenue standard ; secure low freights by the
repeal of the navigation laws so that our
hardy seamen may buy ships where they can
he bought cheapest, and the farmer will make
and save more money than he can do under
the blighting influence of any tariff inaugu-
rated in the name of protection.
Mr. DAWES obtained the floor, and yielded
three minutes to Mr. Bingham.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Chairman, if I can
ever have a hearing on this proposition in the
House, I desire to be heard longer than three
minutes. I wish now to say that while I favor
the amendment offered by my colleague, [Mr.
Morgan,] I would extend it so as to strike out
the whole of this clause, and thereby maintain
the existing tariff upon wool and woolen
manufactures. I will state in brief to the
House that a question more directly affecting
the body of the American people has not been
before the Congress of the United States with-
in the last ten years. Within that period this
interest, under the operation of our law, has
increased one hundred and fifty per cent.,
both as to the production of wool and its
manufacture.
Under the operation of our tariff law woolen
fabrics, which enter into the general consump-
tion of the people, are to-day, upon a gold
standard, from sixteen to fifty per cent, below
the price in 1860 ; and the people of America
know it. The price of wool has been increased
so that it has become an article of prime pro-
duction in America, and is to-day second to
no other agricultural interest in this country.
The clip this year will not be less than one
hundred and fifty million pounds. The propo-
sition pending before the committee, it the
logic we hear from day to day be true, is to
take directly from the owners of the wool grown
in America this yeartwo cents a pound. Upon
the production in Ohio, which is not less this
year than twenty million pounds, it would take
out of the pockets of the farming population
$400,000.
I ask gentlemen to meet these issues before
the people. All I desire is when the time
comes to move my proposition to strike out
the paragraph from line twelve to line four-
teen inclusive, so that the tariff law in regard
to wool and woolen manufactures will stand
unchanged. Gentlemen say here that one
primary object is to reduce the amount paid
into the Treasury by way of import duties.
But, sir, everybody knows that to-day no im-
port duties worth talking about are paid into
the Treasury of the United States upon woolen
fabrics, except upon those fabrics which are
used only by the rich. Fifty-two million dol-
lar's worth of woolen fabrics are now im-
ported annually into the United States, upon
which there is paid a duty of $33,000,000;
but not one in five hundred of the American
people uses one dollar's worth of those goods.
Jlr. DAWES. I yield one minute to the
gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Keiaogg.]
Mr. KELLOGG. I move to strike out the
last word of the pending amendment for the
purpose of saying that I propose at a proper
time hereafter to make a motion to reduce the
duty on wrought scrap iron. When the duty
on pig iron was reduced two years ago, the duty
on wrought scrap iron was left at eight dollars a
ton. 1 shall move to make the duty upon this
article precisely the same as upon pig iron, for
it is a raw material, no further advanced for
the purpose of manufacture than pig iron.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I will take
the remaining minute to say that at the proper
time I shall propose——
Mr. BEATTY. I desire to speak for five
minutes to the amendment which I sent up to
the Cierk's desk.
Mr. DAWES. I propose to put lumber and
the manufactures of lumber into the schedule
of ten per cent, reduction. That was the orig-
nal intention, but slipped out in writing the
amendment. That will bring them under the
same general reduction, and not treat them
any more severely than anything else.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
is on the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Beatty.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I wish to
amend the ninth line previous to that.
The CHAIRMAN. That will be in order,
but there are two amendments to an amend-
ment now pending.
The Clerk read Mr. Beatty's amendment,
as follows:
Amend lines twelve and thirteen, page 2, by strik-
ing out "all wools, hair of the alpaca goat, and
other like animals, and:" so it will read," on all
manufactures wholly or in part of wool or hair of
the alpaca, and other like animals."
Mr. BEATTY. . Mr. Chairman, may I be
allowed to speak on that amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. All debate has been
closed on this paragraph by order of the
House.
Mr. BEATTY. I think unanimous consent
will be given me to speak to my own amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. Unanimous consent
cannot override an order of the House.
Mr. BINGHAM. If that is voted down,
will not my amendment be in order to strike
out the wool paragraph ?
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is
now in order, and will be voted on at the
proper time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move the amendment
to strike out the whole paragraph.
Mr. BEATTY. Is it in order to move the
committee do now rise?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. BEATTY. Then I make that motion.
Mr. DAWES. I wish we might get through
with this to-night.
The committee divided; and there were
ayes 54, noes 73.
Mr. BEATTY demanded tellers.
