1872. <
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1557
Tbis increased product will be an effectual prevent-
ive to increased cost of lumber to Chicago and the
country over former years, while yielding less profit
to the manufacturers. To practically repeal the
tariff duty on Canadian lumber by this bill will
put the price below cost of production, and cause
an additional loss of not less than $5,000,000 to be
borne solely by the lumber-producing people of
Michigan. While we sympathize with the afflicted
people of Chicago, and have contributed liberally
for their relief, we realize the truth that "true
charity begins at home," and therefore protest
against this unjust burden in addition to our large
losses from the same unforeseen and uncontrollable
causes.
liesolved, That we extend our hearty thanks to
our Senators for their vigorous and able opposition
to the passage of tjiis bill, and request them and
our Representatives in the House to use all reason-
able and honorable means for its defeat.
LUTHER WESTOVEK,
Chairman.
Colonel Lockley, Secretary.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is now on the
way a committee of nine appointed by this
meeting of three cities upon the Saginaw river,
who desire to be heard before the Committee
on Finance. There is likewise another com-
mittee now on the way, which will be here by
to-morrow morning, and I desire that this bill
may be recommitted to the Committee on
Finance, in order that these two committees
may be heard. It will be remembered that
when this bill was first recommitted there was
a large committee here, but they could not
spare the time and left and returned home, and
there has been no representative of Michigan
present to be heard before the Committee on
Finance. I ask that the bill be recommitted,
in order that these committees may be heard.
Mr. POMERO Y. The bill is not before the
Senate, I believe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to state that fact. The Senator from
Michigan presents a protest from Michigan in
regard to the Chicago relief bill, and asks unan-
imous consent that that bill may be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Finance. _ He
states that a committee of citizens of Michigan
are coming here to be heard on the subject.
Both Senators from Illinois are out of their
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I withdraw the
motion for the moment.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Ohio, praying an equalization of boun-
ties, and an amendment to the twenty-fifth sec-
tion of the act approved July 15, 1870, so as
to allow the soldiers and sailors to enter the
land therein allowed without the requirements
of settlement and cultivation ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Ohio, praying that if the bill for the repeal of
the duties on tea and coffee should become a
law ninety days be given before it shall take
effect; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of the council
of Bridgeport, Ohio, remonstrating against
the passage of a bill for the construction of _a
causeway across the west branch of the Ohio
river, opposite the city of Wheeling, at the
head of Zane's Island; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition^ of mer-
chants of Davenport, Iowa, and of Molino, Illi-
nois, asking that if the duties be taken off tea
and coffee the law shall not take effect until
after at least ninety days; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of Sperry &
Barker, publishers of the Iowa Voter, of
Marion county, Iowa, praying that persons
known as regular publishers and dealers in
newspapers and periodicals may receive by
mail such quantities of either as they may
require in bulk, whether wholly or in part
printed, and pay postage thereon as received
at the same rates pro rata as regular sub-
scribers to publications weighing four ounces
who pay quarterly in advance; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented reso-
lutions of the Legislature of Maine, in favor
of an appropriation for the construction of a
canal around the falls of Niagara on the Amer-
ican side; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. LEWIS presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Fredericksburg, Virginia, praying that
the present duty on sumac may be retained;
which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
He also presented the petition of George E.
Marshall, of Culpeper county, Virginia, pray-
ing for the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Harriet
W. Pond betaken from the files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
reports of committees.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, from the
Committee on Patents, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 646) to extend letters-patent
heretofore issued to Joseph W. Fowle, reported
it without amendment, and submitted a report
thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 346) for the appraisement and sale of the
Kansas Indian lands, in the State of Kansas,
and for other purposes, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. AMES, from the Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the petition of Mrs. E.
J. Brossman, requesting the refunding of cer-
tain taxes paid to Captain F. J. P. Chilty,
provost marshal at Camp Stoneman in 1865,
submitted an adverse report; which was or-
dered to be printed, and the committee was
discharged from the further consideration 'of
the petition.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Education -and Labor, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 693) to provide for
the further endowment and support of colleges
for the benefit of agriculture and the mechanic
arts, and the liberal and practical education
of the industrial classes in the several pur-
suits and professions in life, as established
under an act of Congress, approved July 2,
1862, reported it with amendments.
printing op census tables.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution for print-
ing additional copies of the first eight tables of
the census, have instructed me to report it back
with an amendment and recommend its pas-
sage. The resolution as offered by the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] proposed to print
twenty-five thousand copies. We have already
printed twelve thousand; and twenty-five thou-
sand were as many as the Superintendent of the
Census thought it would be desirable to print.
We have therefore thought it advisable to re-
duce the number to twelve thousand, which will
make the whole number or within a thousand
of the whole number that the Superintendent,
requires. It is likely that the tables may have
some additions to them, and hence we think it
better not to orderfurthernumbers of the tables
until they are perfected.
By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution. The Committee
on Printing proposed to amend it so as to
read:
Besohed, (the House of Representatives concur-
ring,) That there be printed in muslin covers twelve
thousand copies of the first eight tables of the cen-
sus report, of which three thousand copies shall bo
for the use of the Senate, six thousand for the use
of the House of Representatives, and three thou-
sand for the Census Bureau.
The amendments were agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
bills introduced.
Mr. STEVENSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 779) for the relief of Thomas Mitchell;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 780) to provide for the redemption and
sale of lands held by the United States under
the several acts levying a direct tax; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 781) to provide for completing the collec-
tion of the United States direct tax apportioned
to the several States and Territories of the
United States by act of Congress, approved
August 5, 1861; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
782) authorizing the establishment of ocean
mail service between the United States and
Otahiti and Marquesas islands ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads, and ordered
to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
783) to authorize the district court of the
United States for the district of California to
hear and determirfe upon its merits the claim
of Pauline Weaver and others to the tract of
land in California known as San Gorgonio;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
- Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 784) confirming the title of Louis Grignon
to a certain tract of land at Green Bay, Wis-
consin ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on -Private Land
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
780) providing for the erection of a building
for the use of the courts and offices of the
United States in the State of Nevada; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
786) fixing the salaries of the district attorney
and the marshal of the United States for the
district of Nevada; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
787) to provide for the improvement of Wash-
ita river above the city of Arkadelphia, in
the State of Arkansas ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 788) for the relief of Red Bear,   chief
of the Pembina band of Chippewa Indians;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. FENTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 789) to relieve Levi S. Russell, of Chat-
ham county, Georgia, of his political disabil-
ities ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the select Committee on the Removal
of Political Disabilities, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. .BLAIR asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a biil (S./jo.
790) to extend the pro visions of an act entitled
"An act for the relief of certain purchasers
of lands from the legal representatives of Bar-
tholomew Cousin," approved February 18,
