610
APPENDIX TO TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 3,
Senate.
Senator from Kansas—Report.
42j> Cong....2d Sess.
By Mr. Logan :
Question. Did Mr. Carney receive any votes
at all when Mr. Pomeroy was elected?
Answer. I do not remember; but my recol-
lection is that he did not. If lie did it was a
scattering vote.
Question, (submitting "senate journal of
the Legislative Assembly of ihe State of Kan-
sas. begun and held at Topeka, on Tuesday,
January 8, 1867, published by authority.") Is
that tho journal of the senate, and do pages
168 to 173 show the record of that election?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Mr. Loran'. In connection with the evidence
of this witness, I think it is proper that the
record of this election in the senate journal
of the Legislature of Kansas should go upon
our record. [The extract from the document
referred to will be found at the eud of the
testimony of this witness.]
By the Chairman, (Mr. Morton :)
Question. If I understand you. Lee was the
candidate against Pomeroy, and Carney against
Ross ?
Answer. Yes, sir; upon the final vote.
Sir. Logan. The record shows that on the
final vote Hon S.C. Pomeroy received eighty-
four votes and Hon. A. L. Lee received twenty-
five votes.
By Mr. Thurman :
Question Mr. Russell, do you know of any
fiiend of Mr. Pomeroy expending any money
or other valuable thing at that election?
Answer. No, sir; I do not.
By Mr. Pomeroy:
Question. There is only one thing to which
I would like to call the attention of Mr. Iius-
sell. In this report of the investigating com-
mittee of the Kansas Legislature I find that a
question was asked you in regard to this same
conversation of which you speak now, and
you say, "It was in the night; about mid
night." You were asked then, "Was Carney
a candidate against Pomeroy?'' You answer,
"He was."
Answer. They have mixed up that testimony
a little.
Mr. Pomeroy. I thought it was a mere slip
of the tongue.
The Witness. It is not published exactly
as the testimony was read to me after I gave
it, and juBt how they have changed it I do not
know.
Question. The testimony here is not just as
you gave it?
Answer No, sir ; I think not. I think there
is a little variance. Of course, at the time of
that conversation with you, 1 know that Carney
was not a candidate against you. I know that
was a fact at that time.
Question. I see that you are here made to
say that he was.
Answtr. He was not.
Question. They asked you if you saw "Perry
Fuller with Pomeroy," and you said your im-
pression was "that they occupied rooms to-
gether or adjoining." Is that your present
recollection ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
By Mr. Thurman :
Question. You were asked, " Do you know
anything about Perry Puller's connection with
the senatoiiul election of 1867? If so, state
all you know in that regard; what you saw
him do.
'' Answer. I know he was in very frequent
conversation with Senator Pomeroy. My
impression is that they occupied rooms to-
gether, or adjacent to each other, and in going
into Pomeroy's room both day and night, at
almost all hours, I found Perry Fuller there,
and in consultation with Senator Pomeroy.
On one or two occasions I saw him take what,
from its geneial appearance seemed to be a
check-book, and deliver it to some one in my
presence and the presence of Senator Pomeroy.
" Question When, with reference to the
election of Senators Pomeroy and Ross, Were
those consultations, and this check drawn?
"Answer. Before the election of either of
them."
Question. What have you to say On that
subject now? Is that correct?
Answer. That is substantially correct. I
saw them there together. I never heard any
part of their conversations, and so I don't
know what passed between them. As I said
before, I was not a supporter of Senator Pome-
roy, and consequently I was not in his room
a great deal; but I was there .sometimes and
I met him (Fuller) there frequently. I was
there in the day-time and night-time, and I
was there at various hours of the night. My
recollection of the rooms, without being there
sufficiently to fix it positively, is that I talked
with Senator Pomeroy there, and that he had
two rooms there; that those were his rooms ;
and I saw Perry Fuller pass from one room
to the other; and I have an indistinct recol-
lection of seeing Perry Fuller going to bed on
a lounge in one of the rooms, and from that
I inferred that they were rooming together.
But, I have been told by parties who were bet-
ter informed about it that 1 wa3 mistaken about
that. I have been told so by parties wliose op-
portunities were better than mine for knowing.
QutsHon. What about the check-book that
you spoke of in this testimony?
Answer. I saw Perry Fuller take a check-
book—not the same one ; at least, 1 do not
remember that particularly—I saw Perry Ful-
ler take a check-book and write m it what,
seemed to be a check and tear it out and hand
it to a party or parties.
Question. To whom ?
Answer. I do not remember.
Question. Was it a member of the Legisla-
ture or not?
Answer. That I can't say. I should be in
clined to think it was not a member of the
Legisla'ure.
Question. Was that done in Mr. Pomeroy's
presence ?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Was Perry Fuller a man doing a
large business?
Answer. He was supposed to be.
Question. What was his business?
Answer. At that time he was running a
store, I think a wholesale store, at Lawrence.
He was dealing ; he perhaps had a store down
in the Indian country ; 1 do not know about
that, but he was supposed to bea man dealing
in Indian contracts.
Question. Was he an Indian trader—a
licensed Indian trader?
Answer. No, sir. I do not think he was ;
not so far as 1 know; but he was a man bid-
ding on Indian contracts.
Question. Contracts to supply the Indians
with goods and merchandise ?
Answer. Yes, sir; at least that was the
general reputation.
Quostion. Was he a man of wealth?
Anawer. He was, at that time, supposed to
be a wealthy man.
Q.iestion. How long had he been engaged in
the Indian trade prior to 1867?
Answer. I think ever since about 1860. Of
my knowledge, my positive knowledge, 1 do not
know of his having been in the Indian trade
longer than since 1868.
Question. Where did Perry Fuller come,
from when he moved t,o Kansas?
Answer. I do not know.
Question. Do you 'know any person who
could give any information on the subject of
this investigation ?
Ansiver. 1 do not, know of anybody other
that what you have already summoned.
Question. Do you know or think of anything
more material to this investigation. If so,
state it?
Answer. I do not.
[The testimony having been read over to wit-
ness, he adds :] By saying in reference to the
check-book that I saw Perry Fuller write in,
"not the same one," I mean not the sameone
referred to in the former portion of my tes-
timony.
The following is the extract from "senate
journal of the Legislative Assembly of the
State of Kansas, begun and held at Topeka
on Monday, January 8, A. D. 1867 ; published
by authority, Leavenworth, Kansas ; Clarke,
Einery & Co. printers to the State, 1867,"
pages 168-174, submitted by Mr. Logan in the
examination of Edward Russell;
Joint Convention for the Election of United State 
Senators.
Hall of thk House of Representatives,
t0pek..a., January 23,1867, twelve o'clock m.
Pursuant to the provisions of the act of Congress
in reference* to the election of United States Senators,
approved July 25, 1866, the members of the two
houses of the Legislature met in joint convention lor
the election ot United States Senators in the hall of
the house of representatives, at twelve o'clock m.,
on Wednesday, j uiuary. 23,1867.
Lieutenant Governor Green in the chair.
The roll of the senate was called by the secretary
of the senate.
The following senators were presentand answered
to their names:
Messrs. Abbott, Blakely, Clarke, Cooper, Doage,
Emtnert, Fisher, Foster, Graham, Green, Hans, Har-
vey,Lowe, Maxson.McFarland, Price, ltiggs, Rogers,
Scott, Sharp, Simpson, Underbill, Veale,,. Wiley,
Wood,
Being a quorum of the senate.
The roll of tho house of representatives was
culled by the chief clerk.
The followi ng members were present and answered
to their mimes:
Messrs. Allen, Barker, Booth, George "W. Bowman,
William Bowman, Brandley, Bryant, Butts, Clark,
Cloyoc, Collins, Columbia, Connor, Crocker, Draper,
Dugan, Estep, Evans, Faulkner, Finn, Fiickinger,
G.ites, J. K Groodio, J. R. Goodin,Gregory, Hamby,
llannon, llannum, Harmon, Harper, Uindman. IIol-
lonberg, Huffman, J iquith, E. J. Jonkins, R. W.
Jenkins, Jewett, A. Johnson, F. M. Johnson. Ken-
dall, L. Kennedy, T. II. Kennedy, Kibbe, ICillen,
Knight, Lane, Li-compte, L.ud^ay, Loomis. Luce,
Lyon, Maulove. May, Mcintosh, Miller, Mobley,
Moore, Oliver, Palmer, 0. E. Parker, W. R. Parker,
Power, Przybylowicz, Robb, Rogers, Ilupe, Sheldon,
Spencer. Spillman, Sponablc, Stover, C. II. Thomp-
son,G.W. Tuompson. Throckmorton, Travis. Tucker,
Turner, Updegraff, Venard, Way, Wells, Willis,
Wilson, Mr. Speaker,
Being a quorum of the house.
Representative J. R. Goodin offered the following:
resolution:
Hesolved, That all persons be excluded from this
hall except members and officers of the Legislature,
ladies, State officers, and reporters for the press.
The yeas and naya were had, and were as follows:
yeas 77, nays 30.
Senators voting in the affirmative were: Messrs.
Abbott, Blakely. Cooper, Ernmert, Fisher, Foster,
Haas, Maxson, Price, Riggs, Rogers, Scott, Sharp,
Simpson, Underbill.
Representatives voting in the affirmative, were:
Messrs. Allen, Barker, George W. Bowman, William
Bowman, Brand ley, Cl<>>ce, Collins, Columbia, Con-
nor. Crocker, Draper, Dugan, Estop, Evans, Finn,
Flickniger, Gates, J. R. Goodin. Gregory. Hamby,
llannum, Harmon, Harper, Hindman, Huffman,
Jaquith, E. J. Jenkins, A. Johnson, F. M. Johnson,
Kendall. L.Kennedy. T. II. Kennedy, Killen, Knisht.
L-uie, Locompte, Lindsay, Lyon, M>nlove, May,
Miller, Moore, Palmer, 0. E. Parker, W. R. Parker,
Power, Przybylowicz, Robb, Rogers, S <eldon. Spen-
cer, Spillman, C. II. Thompson, C. W. Thompson,
Throckmorton, Travis, Turner, Updegraff, Way,
Willis, Wilson, Mr. Speaker.
Senators voting in the negative were : Messrs.
Clarke, Dodge, Gnham, Green, Harvey. Lowe, Mo-
Farland, Veaie, Wiley, Wood.
Representatives voting in the negative were:
Messrs. Booth, Bryant, Butts, Clark, Faulkner, j.
K. Goodin, Hannon, Holienberg, R. W. Jenkins,
Jewitt, Kibbe, Loomis, Luce, Mcintosh, Mobley,
Rupe, Sponabie, Stover, Tucker, Venard, Wells.
And so the re^oluuon was adopted.
The journal of the senate of yesterday in rcferenca
to the election of United States Senators was read
by the secretary of the senate.
The journal of the house of representatives of yes-
terday in reference to the election of United States
Senators was read by the chief clerk of the house.
It appearing from the journals of the two houses
that no person received a majority of the votes of
each house of the Legislature for United States Sen-
ator on yesterday, the chairman announced that the
election of Senators was now in order.
