THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
main directly the result of the rapid construc-
tion of railways in these States.
. It is true, sir. that all the roads built in
th?se States in this period were not subsidized
with lands, but the principal lines were, and
the construction of these lines-opened the way,
fpr the shorter and connecting lines, and made
th^ic .construction necessary and possible.
Then, sir; after racking all deductions and
allowances, we come back to the fact that the
land . grants in these States was the nucleus,
the foundation from whence all this prosperity
came.
.. :Far be it from me, Mr. Speaker, to argue
that all the land grants that have been made
were free from objection, or that the liberality
of. Congress has not been abused; but what X
olaipa is that in looking to the increased pop-,
ulation, wealth, and development of the sec-
tions where these grants havebeen made, the
general policy is most fully vindicated.. That
abuses have crept in, that improper, and un-
guarded grants have been made, cannot Well be
doubted ; but, sir, to insist that because land
monopolies ha.ye jiriseu out of the vicious
legislation of the past, therefore no further aid
plight tQ be given in lands to other railroad
enterprises calculated to open vast districts of
the interior to settlement, and to open new and
important channels of commerce, is both illo-
gical and nurea sonable, and also unjust.
On motion of Mr. CONGER, (at four o'clock
and fifty-eight minutes p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
petition.
The following petition was presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittee :
By Mr. READThe petition of T. N.
Hofnsby, asking Congress to establish a bureau
with a gallery in the interest of poets and
poesy in the United States.
of
IN-SENATE.
Monday, January 29, 1872.
Prayer by Rev. William Butler, D. D
New York city.
The Journal of the proceedings of Friday
last was read and approved.
house bills rufekked.
The; following bills received from the House
of Representatives on Friday last were sever-
ally read twice by their-titles, ,and referred to
the Committee on Pensions :
A bill (II. It. No. 855) granting a pension
to John S. Corlett,;
A bill (II. R. No. 1195) granting a pension
to Melissa.Rankin, mother of OliverS. Rankin ;
A bill (H. R. No. 110G) granting a pension
to Mrs. Jane Dulany ;
A bill (B. it. No. 1107) granting a pension
to Captain Henry M. Scott;
A bill (H. It. No. 1198) granting a pension
to Ann Hunter;
A bill (H. R. No. 1199) granting a pension
to Charlotte Crane;
A bill (II. R. No. 1200) granting a pension
to Rev. William H. Rogers;
A bill (II. It. No. 1201) granting a pension
to Mary Jane Stone, widow of William J. Stone,
late second lieutenant thirty-seventh Kentucky
infantry ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1303) granting a pension
to Martha Elwell;
A bill (H. R. No. 1205) granting an increase
of pension to James H. Hogan, of Batavia, in
the State of New York ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1206) granting a pension
to Timothy Paige;
A bill, (H. R. No. 1207) granting an increase
of pension to Warren Raymond, a soldier in
the war of 1812;
A- bill (H. R. No. 1209) granting a pension
to George J. St. Louis; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1210) granting a pension
to Nathan Morgan.
The bill (EE. R. No. 1194) directing the.
proper officers in the Treasury Department to
credit John Seys, of Ohio, the sum therein
mentioned, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-,
tions.
enrolled bill signed.
The VICE PRESIDENT signed the enrolled
bill (S. No. 524)to correct a clerical error com-
mitted in the enrollment;, of an act approved
March 7, 1870, entitled "An act to relieve
certain persons therein named Jrora the legal
and political disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, and for other purposes."
petitions and mkmokials.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
been requested to present the protest of ladies
of the county of Munroe, Indiana, signed by
Mrs. Morton C. Hunter, Mrs. A. Y. Moore,
and several hundred other ladies, remonstrat-
ing against an extension of the right of suf-
frage to women, "because the Holy Scripture
inculcates a different and for us a higher sphere,
apart from public life ; because as women we
find a full measure of duties, cares, and re-
sponsibilities-devolving upon us, and we are
therefore unwilling to bear other and heav-
ier burdens, and those unsuited to our phys-
ical organization ; because we hold that an
extension of suffrage would be adverse to the
interests of the workitigwomen of the couutry,
with whom we heartily sympathize; because
these changes must introduce a fruitful ele-
ment of discord in the existing marriage rela-
tion, which would tend to the infinite detriment
of children, and increase the already alarming
prevalence of divorce through the land; be-
cause no general law affecting the condition of
all women should be framed to meet excep-
tional discontent." This memorial will be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciarv.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition from
citizens of Cleveland, Ohio, calling upon Con-
gress to pass the supplemental civil rights bill;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Missouri, praying the passage of the supple-
mentary civil rights bill; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present a similar
petit-ion from citizens of Nashville, being two
hundred colored persons, and the person who
sends it says, " We hope and pray it may
pass. Amnesty to rebels is a mistake; but
if the measure must pass, let it by all means
be coupled with your bill." I move that this
petition lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of
Maria S. Rockett, praying that, she be granted
a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
the American Industrial League, praying that
such discriminating duties be levied on all
imported manufactures as will give substan-
tial protection to the labor of this country;
which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Michigan, praying a repeal of the duties on
tea, coffee, and other articles of necessity,
and such legislation as will give protection to
home industry; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Michigan, praying.a modification of the duty
on sugar; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. PATTERSON presented a petition of
Joseph Henry, Charles AstorBristed, Professor
Baird, and other citizens of the United States,
pray ing that all books of foreign languages be
admitted free of duty ; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. AMES presented the petition of Charles
Baskervill and Henry B. Whitfield, praying
compensation for valuable services rendered
the Government of the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN _ presented the
petit-ion of Esther M. Shubriek, praying an
increase of her pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, presented a
petition of citizens of Michigan, praying that
those who were soldiers of the Army of the
United States during the war of the rebellion
be granted $8 33-J per month bounty for the
full term of service; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CAMERON. I present a petition of
workingnien of Berks county, Pennsylvania,
for the repeal of the duties on tea, coffee, and
other articles of necessity, and for the contin-
uance of tariff duties upon articles of manu-
facture successfully produced in this country.
I present a similar petition from the county
of Lancaster, Pennsylvania; and one from
mechanics and laborers of Middletown, Dau-
phin county, Pennsylvania, on the same sub-
ject.. I move their reference, to the Committee
on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. I also present, a similar
petition from the men employed in the
National Iron Company's works at Danville,
Pennsylvania, praying Congress to repeal the
duties on tea, coffee, and other articles of
comfort; also, a petition from citizens of Penn-
sylvania at large, for the repeal of all duties on
tea and coffee ; also, a petition from working-
men of the Central iron-works of Harrisburg,
on the same subject; also, a petition from the
workingmen of the Reading rolling-mill, on the
same subject; also, a petition from mechanics
of Pottsville, Pennsylvania, on the same sub-
ject; and a petition from the workingmen in
the Duncannoa iron-works, in. Perry county,
Pennsylvania, on the same subject. I move
their reference to the Committee, on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PO.MEROY. I have the honor to pre-
sent concurrent resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of Kansas, memorializing Congress for the
payment of what are known as the Price raid
claims. These claims have been awarded
under a commission appointed by the Secre-
tary of War, of which General Hardie was
chairman, and it only remains that an appro-
priation be made. I therefore move that these
resolutions be printed and referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I also present a petition
of settlers on the Osage ceded lands in the
State of Kansas, in whjch they memorialize
Congress, and ask that their homes may be
protected to them. As this relates to Indian
lands, I move that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I have also two petitions
from colored people, headed by Sojourner
Truth, a well-known colored woman, memo-
rializing Congress that a portion of the public
lands be set apart for colored people, and that
they may be encouraged to colonize. I move
the reference of these petitions to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STT5 WART presented a memorial of
the Legislature of Nevada, praying that the
proceeds of the sale of mineral lands be set
aside for the purpose of fostering the mining
interests by the establishment of reduction
works; which was referred to the Committee
on Mines and Mining.
He also presented the memorial of H. M.
Barnes, postmaster of Pioche, Nevada, ask-
ing to be reimbursed the amount which he lost
by the destruction by fire of post office stamps
and other Government property; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
