1558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
1871; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 791) to amend an act entitled " An ad to
amend an act approved May 81, 1870, entitled
' An act to enforce the right of citizens of the
United States to vote in the several States of
the Union, and for other purposes;' " which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Privileges and Elections, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 792) in addition to an act to amend an act
entitled " An act for the removal of causes in
certain cases from State courts," approved
July 27, 1866, passed March 2, 1867; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
eureka milling company.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask for the consideration
of the resolution which I submitted on the
last day of the session of the Senate, referring
the memorial of the Eureka Milling Company
of Bath, Maine, to the Committee on Investi-
gation and Retrenchment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Delaware asks unanimous consent for
the consideration at this lime of a resolution
hereto/ore offered by him referring certain
complaints from Maine to the Committee on
Investigation and Retrenchment. Is there
objection?
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask that that resolution
lie over till to-morrow morning. I have just
received a telegram which states to me that
the petitioner himself has published a card in
a Bath paper which will reach me this evening,
and I should like to have the resolution lie
until 1 see what his statement is.
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly ; but I will state
i hut my object iu this matter was simply that
if there was any wrong done to a citizen of
.my State it might be investigated and cor-
rected.
_Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, and I shall concur
with the Senator iu aiding him to have any
wrong that has been done corrected.
Mr. BAYARD. I withdraw my motion.
monroe land district.
Mr. P0M15R0Y. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 437) authorizing the President of the
United States to reestablish the Monroe land
district, in the State of Louisiana, made a
report upon the same subject the other day,
having reported back by mistake the Senate
bill instead of the House bill. We now report
back this House bill, and 1 ask that it may be
considered at once, and I withdraw the report
which I before made reporting back a Senate
bill just like this.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
437) authorizing the President of the United
States to leestablish the Monroe land district,
in the State of Louisiana, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
national exchequer.
Mr. STEVENSON. I offer the following
resolution, and ask for its present considera-
tion :
liesolved, That the arguments, circular, and bill
for the exchequer submitted to the Finance Com-
mittee of the Senate on the 6th of December, by
Daniel H. London, of .New York, be printed for the
use of tho Senate.
This is a very interesting subject. I have
consulted with the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Finance in relation to it, and as it is a
matter of such general interest, now com-
manding the attention of .the country, I hope
the document will be printed for the use of the
Senate.
The resolution was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to.
amendment of rules.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
reported from the Committee on Rules a few
days since, and which was referred to that
committee by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman.]
Mr. CORBETT. I gave notice that I should
ask to call up Senate bill No. 241 this morn-
ing, and I should like to have that bill taken
up now J
Mr. POMEROY. We spend over half an
hour every morning in the presentation of
petitions, and the morning hour is the only
opportunity we have to pass any bills, and if
we could facilitate the disposition of petitions,
it would give us more time for other matters.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Oregon that these
notices are merely for information and do
not give any right to the floor. The Senator
from Kansas also gave notice sometime since
of his desire to call up this report from the
Committee on Rules. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Kansas.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That Rule 24 is hereby amended by
adding thereto the following:
Petitions and memorials, other than the memorials
of a State Legislature, shall hereafter be presented
to the Secretary, andshall be entered on the Journal,
and shall be referred or disposed of as tho Senator
presenting them may request.
Mr. POMEROY. There is an amendment
reported from the committee.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment,
which was in line two, to strike out the word
"hereafter in line three, to strike out the
words "shall be," and also to strike out the
words 11 disposed of" in the same line, and
insert the words " laid on tho table ;" so that
the resolution will read:
Mmolvecl, That Rule 2t is hereby amended by add-
ing thereto the following:
Petitions and memorials, other than tho memo-
rials ofa Stato legislature, shall be presented to tho
Secrotary, and shall be entered on the Journal, and
referred or laid on tho table, as the Senator present-
ing them may request.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion is on the amendment reported by the com-
mittee.
Mr. POMEROY. There is another amend-
ment: to insert before the word "request,"
the last word in the resolution, the words "in
writing ; " so as to read "as the Senator pre-
senting them may in writing request."
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is that from
the committee also?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion is on the amendment of the committee.
Mr. SUMNER. When was this report
made ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
was offered on the 5th of February by the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] and re-
ported on the 4th of March.
Mr. SUMNER. Then it is in order now ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in order.
The first question is simply on the verbal
amendment of the committee. Does the Sen-
ator desire to speak on that amendment?
Mr. SUMNER. I was about to observe
that it seems to me this change ought not to
be made except after careful consideration.
If after the attention of the Seuate is called
to the proposed change it should be deemed
expedient to adopt it, I, for one, shall not be
against it. But it is a radical change; it is a
departure from the original rule and practice
of the Senate. I know that it is according to
the rule of the House of Representatives; but
the House came to that rule, not at once, but
tardily, and with a view to economy of time.
The question is whether any such economy of
time in the Senate requires this considerable
change. I have my doubts whether it does.
I have my doubts whether filing petitions in
the way proposed is not to a certain extent a
departure from the original principle of our
institutions. The Constitution secures the
right of petition and gives to it the highest
character, but that character can be completely
preserved only where the petition is publicly
presented. If it is simply filed, we all know
that the petition loses much of its value.
I make these remarks simply to call atten-
tion to the proposed change. The Senator
from Kansas who makes the report has doubt-
less considered it. I should like to hear from
him his'reasons in favor of the change.
Mr. POMEROY. The committee gave this
matter some attention. We had one meeting
upon it. I omitted to call it up for several
days because the Senator from Massachusetts
was absent. I knew he had some views to
present on this question, and I did not like to
consider it in the Senate in his absence. So
I have called it up this morning on observing
him to be in his seat. The reason ior the rule
is simply in this one thing which the Senator
himself suggested, and that is, the economy
of time. There would be no objection to
spending as much time as any Senator might
desire in reading and expatiating upon any
petition that might be presented if the Senate,
in the discharge of its public duties, had time
for that purpose ; but we only have the morn-
ing hour for the transaction of ordinary busi-
ness. The appropriation bill is in order, and
will be, I suppose, every day this session at
one o'clock, and all we get is half an hour in
the morning, and sometimes ten minutes after
we have gone through the regular morning
business, to pass some little bills which re-
quire no debate and no discussion.
This is a proposition, as the Senator has
himself suggested, simply to economize the
time of the Senate. If it interferes with the
right of petition that will present a grave and
serious consideration ; but it has for many
years been the custom iu the House of Rep-
resentatives to have these petitions published
in the Glob.e. A synopsis of each petition is
written upon the back of each petition, and
then it is handed to the Clerk, and in the Globe
every morning the country have an oppor-
tunity of seeing what petitions have been pre-
sented, on what subjects, and who presented
them, and there are also printed any brief
remarks that the member himself may choose
to make on the back of the petition. Tnat is
the information which the public have and the
information which the House have. I think
we shall hardly be able to dispose of the cur-
rent business of the Seuate if we spend all the
morning hour upon the presentation of peti-
tions.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I remind the
chairman of the committee that according to
the practice in the House, in order to have the
summary of the petition appear on the Jour-
nal, it is necessary that a corresponding notice
should be sent to the reporter. Unless that is
done by the member introducing the petition,
it will not appear upon the records of the
House, and therefore it would not appear
upon the records of the Senate under the rule,
unless the Senator himself gave the summary
to the reporter. It will thus require the Sen-
ator to do double duty, to present the petition
and also to give a summary of it to the re-
porter.
Mr, HAMLIN. If the same publicity can
be given to the presentation of a petition when
it shall be presented to the Secretary as is now
given when presented to the Senate, it seems
to me advisable that it should be done.
There is no Senator in this body who has
better knowledge on this subject than the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, and certainly the
Senator from Massachusetts knows that m the
early days of his holding his seat here the
