2454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
United States, being subject to the special care and
jurisdiction of Congress:
Now, therefore, your petitioners respectfully but
earnestly pray that congressional sanction may be
withheld from any enterprise looking to the conver-
sion of Yerba Buena island into a railroad depot or
terminal, and also from all other enterprises which
tnreaten to jeopardize our safety and protection, or
to impair the usefulness of the bay and harbor of
San Francisco.
And your petitioners will ever pray, &c.
DEVELOPMENT OF MINING RESOURCES.
Mr. ALCOItN. The Committee on Mines
and Mining, to whom was recommitted the bill
(H. R. No. 1010) to promote the development
of the mining resources of the United States,
have had the same under consideration, and
have instructed me to report it back with an
amendment in the nature of a substitute ; and
I ask that the bill be considered now.
Mr. STEWART. I trust unanimous consent
will be given to allow the bill to be considered
after the morning business shall be disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Mississippi asks the unanimous consent of the
Senate that this bill may be considered after
the regular morning business shall have been
gone through with.
Mr. COLli. Are there any amendments that
are not in print?
Mr. ALCORN. The substitute has been
printed, and has been before the Senate for
some time.
Mr. COLE. It will take some time to con-
sider the bill, I am sure.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator object'/
Mr. COLE. No, sir.
The VfCEPRESIi'ENT. The Chair hears
no objection, and the bill will be taken up as
soon as the morning business is concluded.
houghton and ontonagon railroad
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lauds, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No, 018) to change the direction of the road
authorized by the act approved June 3, 1856,
from Ontonagon, in the Stale of Michigan, to
the Wisconsin State line, and for other pur-
poses, have had the same under consideration,
and directed me to report it back with an
amendment to be inserted as a proviso at the
end of the hi! I; and the Senator from Michigan
[Mr. Ferry] desired me to ask for its present
consideration.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Let it be read for in-
formation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
reported, subject to objection or to a demand
for the regular order.
The Chief Clerk read the bill. It empowers
the State of Michigan to authorize the reloca-
tion of the road surveyed and located under
the act approved June 3, J850, from Ontona-
gon, in the State of Michigan, southerly to the
Wisconsin State line, so as to extend the
Houghton and Ontonagon line of railroad to
the teunimis of the Northern Pacific road on
Montreal river; and the act of June 3, 1850,
and the several acts supplemental thereto and
amendatory thereof are to be applied to the
line of railroad hereby extended westward to
the Montreal river; but if the eniire line of
railroad shall not be fully completed in the
manner required by law on or before the 20th
of May, 1878, all the lands belong ing to that
portion then unfinished are to revert to the
United States ; and tliis act is not to he con-
strued to grant any additional quantity of
lands to the State in aid of the railroad.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
l'he Committee on Public Lands reported
the bill with an amendment, to add the follow-
ing proviso:
And provided further, Tha.tupon the relocation of
" *in,0 said railroad, and the filing of a map ur
map? tn( reof, with theCommissionor ot f he (:i> cnii
Land Oflicc, and before this actshati take effect, the
said btato oi Michiganshntlrelinquish tothe United
states alt claim to the lands on the original lino not
Within the limits ot tile new line, and when so re-
linquished it shall be the duty of said Commissioner
to offer the same at public sale in the usual manner.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire,
has none of this land been settled upon or
sold?
Mr. PERRY, of Michigan. It is stated by
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
that there is not, with the exception, [ think,
of one tract of one hundred and sixty acres,
and that comes within the boundaries of the
new line of road. The letter from the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office states
that fact.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Are there no preemp-
tors upon it?
Mr. PERRY, of Michigan. None.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not see how the
Commissioner of the General Land Office can
know that, because the preemptors are not
required to give notice of their settlement
until some time after they go upon the land.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I will state to
the Senator that the lands on the old line of
the route were withdrawn from the market. A
large portion of this line has been transferred
to the shore line, and this is to transfer the
balance, a distance of some fifty miles, to com-
plete the connection with the Northern Pacific.
It has been done in the State of Wisconsin,
and this is the remaining part of that road.
As the lands were withdrawn from market,
none have been entered except this one tract,
which was entered by some means, I do not
know how, and that comes within the bound-
ary of the present location of the line of road.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not advised of the
particulars, and have not seen any communi-
cation from the General Land Office; but this
changing the location of a road in this way, I
can readily see, will complicate very much the
titles, and complicate the rights of the parties
who have settled heretofore with reference to
the original location, if there are any such.
The gentlemen having t' e matter in charge, I
suppose, have inquired into that. I befieve
that, the bill provides that the quantity of land
shall not be greater than the quantity that was
granted by the original acts.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. More than that,
Mr. President, I will state that the amount that
reverts to the Government is larger than the
amount, within the boundaries of the line sought
to be established by the bill now before the
Senate; and as there ate no rights accrued
except this single case to which I have referred,
and which will be within the boundaries of
the new line, it strikes me there cannot be any
objection to the bill. The Commissioner of
the General Land Office has so said in his let-
ter, and this bill, I believe, has met the unan-
imous approval of the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. POMEROY. The committee had the
same advice from the Department, which the
Senator from Michigan speaks of, and I have
hero a letter from the Land Office which can
be read if it is desired.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not desije to have
it read.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
POST KOUTE8.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 1666) to establish certain
post roads, have had the same under consider-
ation, and have directed me to report it back
with amendments. This is the general post
route bill, and_ I hope the Senate will pass
upon it immediately. There is no occasion
for reading it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Minnesota reports back the annual post
route bill and asks for its present consider-
ation.
Mr. STEWART. There is a bill waiting
action now at the close of the morning busi-
ness.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator from
Minnesota if there is anything in the bill hut
the establishment of mail routes ?
Mr. RAMSEY. Purely the establishment,
of raail routes and nothing else in the world.
It is a House bill.
Mr. POMEROY. There is no legislation
in it. It- relates merely to mail routes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. 'There isa House
bill with various amendments naming addi-
tional post routes, and on glancing through it
the Chair sees in it no legislation whatever.
Mr. RAMSEY. Nothing whatever, except
the establishment of post routes.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not think there is any
need of reacting the House bill, but I should
like to have the amendments reported by the
committee read. I have not been able to be
iu the committee during its consideration, and
I want to know what they are.
Mr. RAMSEY. That will take up all the
morning, and I think I had better withdraw
the bill. 1 called the attention of Senators to
it heretofore, and requested them to examine
the amendments. I withdraw the bill for the
present.
* REDEMPTION OF LANDS.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
780) to provide for the redemption and sale
of lands held by the United States under the
several acts levying direct taxes, have directed
me to report it back to the Senate with amend-
ments. 1 am also directed by the same com-
mittee to call the attention of the Senate to
the impoitance of immediate action on this
bill. A similar bill was reported at the last
session of Congress, and I supposed it had
passed the Senate, but it would seem that it
did not. It has been very carefully consid-
ered, and I do not think there is a woid in it
to which any Senator will object. There are
some amendments of a formal character pro-
posed by the committee. The bill was pre-
pared at the Department, and it gives simply
the right of redemption to the owners of land
now in the possession of the United States in
the South, sold under the direct-tax law,
under proper circumstances ami with proper
guards for the possessory rights of those in
possession.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Ohio that the Sen-
ator from Mississippi-(Mr. Alcorn] obtained
the consent of the Senate that the remainder
of the morning hour, after the morning busi-
ness, should be devoted to the consideration
of a bill reported from the Committee on
Mines and Mining.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state tothe Sena-
tor from Mississippi that his constituents, and
especially the people of South Carolina and
the southern States, are far more interested
than any one else in this bill. 1 have a letter
from the Department urging my attention to
the bill, stating that the rights of the possessors,
who are negroes, and the owners of the land
are constantly being brought into conflict, and
therefore appealing tothe Setia'e to act upon
it as promptly as possible. It is a matter in
which bis constituents are affcctcd and not
mine.
Mr. STEWART. Is it going to involve dis-
cussion ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think not. I do not
think there is a word in it which will be
objected to.
Mr. STEWART. I will not object unless
there is discussion.
'lhe ViCE PRESIDENT. The Senator
can reseive that right. The, bill will be read,
subject to objection or to a demand for the
regular order if it. gives rise to debate.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the
bill, which was considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
