4246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
twenty-eighth section of that act gives them
this power, and it is under it that the Legisla-
tive Assembly has assumed to grant the right
to lay down railroads :
" That the said Legislative Assembly shall have
power to create by general law, modify, repeal, or
amend within said District, corporations created for
religious, charitable, educational, industrial, or com-
mercial purposes."
It is under the assumption that a street
railroad for passengers comes under the head
of "commercial purposes" that these char-
ters are given in this city. Now, in order to
show that Congress does not concede such a
right, this proviso was put in here, that no
further street railroads shall be allowed,
merely to verify what had been done be-
fore. I do not think the amendment is at
all necessary, but it was a further caution to
the parties concerned.
Mr. STEWART. A company, as I under-
stand, have commenced the building of a rail-
road, one which is very important for the
accommodation of the community. They pro-
pose t.o build a railroad across P street bridge
to the heights of Georgetown. That route,
coming up P street to New Jersey avenue and
to the Capitol, will bo a very good route, and
then along L street they propose going to the
new depot. These people have invested a good
deal of money under the belief that they had
the right to build the road. They have com-
menced building on I street, coming down
there. I believe it is conceded on all hands
that the road ought not to be there. The Dele-
gate of the District and other citizens have
been looking over the matter considerably, and
they gave me a proviso to offer to this amend-
ment, which wouldauthomothem affirmatively
to build the road, and build it in a place that,
will accommodate the community and inter-
fere with no pnblice squares, and go upon no
street now paved or inconvenience anybody.
I should like, if there is to be an amendment
made on this subject, that this proviso be put
to it, because it seems they have no authority
to build, but they have commenced building a
road, have spent their money upon it, and we
want the road to the places indicated in this
proviso. It'the proviso were read, perhaps it
would be accepted by unanimous consent.
Mr. CONK IdN(i. Let it be reml for inform-
ation.
Mr. STEWART. I ask that it may bo read.
The Chief Clerk read the proponed proviso,
as follows:
Provided, That the Union Railroad Company may
continue thecmu,!ruction of its road Irom the north-
ern boundary line of Georgetown through High street
to Fayette street, along said Htroot to Second and
Third streets, and along said streets to High street,
West street., and lioali street, along Montgomery,
iieall, and West. streets in the city ol Georgetown, to
and over the bridge at 1' street in the city of Wash-
ington, along 1' street to New Jersey iivonuo, along
said avenue to First, stioet west,, along l''ir^t, stieet, to
Pennsylvania avenue,' also along (lennoetiout ave-
nue irom 1'street to L street, along I, street, to Tenth
tftreot wost, along said street to I street nort h, along
said street to Sixth street west, along said st reet to
Missouri avenue. Said roaii to bo a single or double
track, laid ill the most approved limnuer with 11,it
rail laid upon an oven surlacowith tho pavomentof
tho streets, subjcct to the approval id the Secretary
of the Interior and the Board of l'ublic Works of
tho District of Columbia.; and said company shall
place first-class ears (to bo driuvn by horse-power)
with all modern improvements tor tho convenience
and eonilortot passenger*; therateot fare for each
passenger not to exceed ti vo coot*. Tho capital stock
of saideompanv may bo increased to an amount, not
exceeding sUOO.OOO.
It theeompauy fait to complete the lines of said
railroad within eighteen month.- fi-otn the pio-saReof
this aetthe same shall bo null and void. And iho
act of incorporation of the satd Union Kailroad
Company of thelhtotrict of Columbia enacted by tho
Legislative Assembly of said District, and approved
on tho lUth day ot January, 1872, is hereby approved
and confirmed, except in so far as it is modified by
this act.
Mr. STEWART. I will state that there are
a good many people engaged in this enterprise
who have spent a large amount of money in
getting together material to build the road, and
if they are to have tio authority to go on until
next winter it will put them back and incou-
venience the public. The public expects these
roads to be built. I ask unanimous consent
that that amendment be made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection ?
Mr. BLAIR. I am somewhat astonished
at the proposition here. I have seen this I
street railroad laid down for three or four
squares in length. These street railroads are
used by the poorer classes of the people gen-
erally. This road does not touch any public
square. It passes by them on the street.
Some gentlemen who advocated on this floor
the other day not merely that a street railroad
drawn by horses should pass on one of the
streets in this city, and by one of the public
squares, but that a steam railroad should enter
the city and take possession of a square, and
that a rich corporation, the ground being do-
nated to them—the same gentlemen now make
an objection to this class of improvements
passing by Farragut square and one or two
other squares that are named.
Mr. FRELINGIiUYSEN. I will say_ to
the Senator that I understand this provision
suggested by the Senator from Nevada is
agreeable to the gentlemen who have made
the investment of which the Senator speaks ;
and if so, I think we had better pass it with-
out objection.
Mr. STKWART. They are very anxious
to continue on this work, because, having paid
in their money, if it is postponed for a year
they will be nearly ruined. What they have
proposed will be of great advantage to the
com inanity, and if nothing is done by Con-
gress before we adjourn they may be stopped
by an injunction.
Mr. 13LA1R. I do not object to the first
potlion of the amendment of the committee,
as 1 am informed by Senators on the floor that
this compromise is agreeable to the parties. I
withdraw tho point of order so far as the first
portion of the clause is concerned ; but as to
tho other 1 shall insist upon my objection.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. This proviso
can be received by unanimous consent. Is
there objection?
Mr. M0RR1LL, of Vermont. This road, I
understand, goes over P street, bridge, the
only bridge between Washington and George-
town over which there will not be a railroad.
1 make the point of order that it is not ger-
mane to the bill.
Mr. STEWART. There ought, to be a rail-
road over every one of them, particularly going
to the heights of Georgetown. A great many
[jeople live up there. It is a pleasant place to
live, and clprks and others will go to George-
town to reside if there is a railroad running
there. If there is no railroad there, P street
bridge will bo only for those wealthy enough
to keep carriages. I hope the Senator from
Vermont, will not mako the objection.
Mr. M01MULL, of Vermont. A measure
of this kind ought to be considered by some
committee. Evidently itou^ht not to be passed
on such an appropriation bill us this. I insist
on my point of order.
Mr. STEWART. It is proposed to keep SI
street bridge, as I understand from the Dele-
i gate, clear. I hope the Senator from Vermont
' will withdraw tho objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. We ought not to legis-
late in tins way.
Mr. Sl'EWAKT, The situation is so pecu-
liar that 1 appeal to the Senator not to insist
on the objection.
Mr. FliEHNGHUYSEN. It seems to me
a pretty hard case for these parties who have
invested their money. They must have ex-
pended thousands of dollars already.
Mr. SHERMAN. What right had they to
do it ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. They did it by
mistake, as I understand. Now they have got
to take up all these rails, and they propose
making this road, which is really for the
accommodation of the public, on streets which
are not improved, and I think we ought to
permit them to take up the rails from where
theyare and place them down on those streets.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This debate
is being proceeded with by unanimous consent.
Mr. SAWYER. The stock of this railroad
is taken by people of moderate means all
along the line of the road, in a part of the
city where the houses are cheap houses, and it
is made to accommodate, as has'beeti observed,
the poorer classes of the people. The company
have speutsome sixty thousand dollars already
on the load. The objection to the laying of the
tracks along the front of these squares is taken
by the residents in that neighborhood. The par-
ties who own the road went on, as they believed,
in good faith, though I cannot exactly com-
prehend how they thought any power existed
in the territorial Legislature to give them the
authority. They have gone on in good faith
and put down this road. They are willing to
accept the proposition which has been made
by the Senator from Nevada. While it is
objectionable, as a principle, to logislate in
this way on such a bill as this, inasmuch as I
desire to express the opinion of Congress on
this matter o£ laying rails through the streets
of Washington and Georgetown, it seems to
me the object «can be attained better in this
way, and indeed only in this way. I hope,
therefore, that the provision which the com-
mittee have put in, with the proviso offered
by the Senator from Nevada, will prevail.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will receive the amendment of the Senator
from Nevada unless objection be made.
Mr, CASSERLY. 1 understand there is an
objection made by the Senator from Vermont,
and I wish further to say for myself that while
I do not see any pot>sible ground or pretext for
the idea that this railroad on I street and K
street, or these railroads, if there are two of
them, could have been authorized by the source
from which they claim their authority, that is,
the Legislative Assembly, after hearing the
aet read by the Senator from Louisiana, yet I
am willing to afford them relief in some proper
way. Over and over during this sessiou the
new rule adopted on the motion of the Senator
from Vermont, not now in his seat, [Mr. En-
MUNDS,] has been applied with the utmost
rigor ; in some cases, in my judgment, pushed
far beyond its legitimate meaning. Now, if
there ever was a case tor the application of the
rule it is the ease of this amendment, espe-
cially as amended by the Senator from Ne-
vada, who has brought forward here a long
provision which I confess I am not sufficiently
acquainted with the topography of the ancient
borough 'of Georgetown to understand, so far
as the line is laid out; but it is all pure legis-
lation, new legislation, which has nothing t,o
do with any provisions contained in the bill.
I repeat, I am ready to relieve these people
if indeed they have expended money in good
faith, and perhaps I should not be very rigor-
ous as to their good faith inasmuch as they
have spent their money; but this is not the
way to do it, upon an appropriation bill, and
after the manner that rule has been applied
over and over, in some cases pushed far
beyoud its true meaning, and in more cases
than one to the great injury of the public inter-
ests, as I conceive. I do not know why it
should now be thrown open.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator from. Ver-
mont, will withdraw his objection with a single
modification, substituting Missouri avenue for
Pennsylvania avenue.
Mr. CASSERLY. Does the Senator from
Nevada understand that I object?
Mr. STEWART. I do not.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do, most explicitly.
_Mr. WEST. Now, let me appeal to my
friend from California. The Senate has made
this rule, and it can revoke it for good cause
shown. TheSenate has made this rule specify-
