3350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. BEATTYand
Mr. Dawes were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 52, noes 65. •
So the committee refused to rise.
The question then recurred on Mr. Beatty'S
amendment.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 55, noes 54; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Beatty and Mr. McClelland.
The committee again divided; and the
tellers reported—ayes 41, noes 71.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question next recurred on the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Mor-
gan,] to strike out the words "all woolso it
will read:
On hair of the alpaca goat, anil other like ani-
mals, and all manufactures wholly or in part of
wool or hair of the alpaca, and other like animals.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 40, noes 73.
Mr. AMBLER demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Bbatty and
Mr. Wallace were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 47, noes 72.
So the amendment was rejected.
The quesiion next recurred on the motion
of Mr. Bingham, to strike out these words-:
On all wools, hair of tho alpaca goat, and other
lilto animals, and on all manufacture.-! wholly or in
p.n t of wool, or hair of tho alpaca, and other liko
animals.
Mr. BANKS. 1 move to strike out the
word "like" where it occurs in that pata-
graph.
Mr DAWKS. That is to prevent tniuds in
tho r *v(Miuo.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question next recurred on Mr. Bing-
ham's amendment.
The oummiitee divided; and there were—
ayes -JI, noes 7f.
Mr. JJlN(iLlAM demanded tellers.
TelU-r.s were ordered ; and Mr. Brooks, of
New Yotk, and Mr, L. Myers weie appointed.
The commuUee. again divided; and the i.ell-
f-Tei H'poilcil- ayes -111, noes 72.
So ihi* amendment vvub nji'ctrd.
mkssatlk krom tiiic sknatk.
The committee informally rose; and a mes-
was iwivcd from ihe Senate, by Mr.
SyMrsox, (inuof its clerks, notifying the House
that, that body had passed and requested the
concuirijnce uf the House in a bill of the fol-
lowing tuh-;
A hill (S. No 1105) for the relief of ilar
inon J'j. Went worth, late second lieutenant
fourteenth New York heavy artillery.
tariff.
The eommittpe a^ain resumed its session.
Mr. 15k A I I Y. I move that t lie eommiitpc
do now iise tor the purpose of asking the
House for one hour to discuss the paragraph
under consideration.
Ihe question being taken on Mr. Beatty s
motion, there were—ayes 59, noes 76.
Bt-dore the rosultol the vote was announced,
Mr 13kA f 1 Y called for tellers.
lellers were ordered ; and Mr. Beatty and
Mr. Dawes were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tell-
ers report ed—-ayes 58. noes 03.
So ihe motion was disagieed to.
^ Mr. BEA U1 Y. I move that the committee
rise.
Hie CHAIRMAN. That is the motion
which has jus? been made and lost.
Mr. BkAii Y. I beg your pardon. My
former motion was to ri^e tor the purpose of
having the time extended, and this is to rise
for the purpose of adjournment.
Ihe CHAIHMAN. The motion that the
committee n.se. no matter fur what- purpose,
has just been negatived, aud cannot be imme-
diately repeated. The question is on the sub-
stitute offered by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Beck] for the pending paragraph.
Mr. DAWES. To which I have offered a
substitute.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I move to
add at the end of the ninth line the following
proviso:
Provided, That no higher rato of duty shall be
exacted or collected than sixty per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. BINGHAM. On what valuation ?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. On the val-
uation of the invoice, of course.
Mr. DICKEY. Then any one can make
his own valuation.
Mr. ELDlilDGE. I move that the com-
mittee do now rise.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not now
in order, as no business has transpired since
it was formerly made. The question is on the
amendment of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Brooks.]
Mr. BLDREDGE. I rise to a question of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided
the gentleman's question of order.
Mr. ELD HEDGE. The Chair has not hoard
my question of order. The Chair decided
against my motion without hearing my ques-
tion of order. My question of'order has refer-
ence to the statement of the Chair that other
business had not transpired.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has ruled on
the point, of order, and has overruled it.
Mr. EI.DREDGE. I submit that business
had transpired. The gentleman from New
York [.Mr. Brooks] had submitted a motion,
and the Chair had received it.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is 011 the
amendment of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Bihjoks.]
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 10, noes 80; no quorum voting.
Mr. DAWKS. 1 move that the committee
now tise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair. Mr. Suo-
fiki.li reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had
under consideration the Union genetally, and
parlicul.uly the hill (H, R. No. 2u22) to re-
duce duties on imports, and to reduce internal i
taxes, and tor other purposes, and had coine I
to no resolution thereon. |
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House do 1
now adjourn. 1
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at three o'clock and iifty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under ihe rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. CO BURN: Th e mernoiial of the
Governorol Indiana, the trustees of the agi icul-
tui ai a nd mechanica! college, and other citizens
of Indiana, asking the passage of a law making j
additional grants of land for the agricultural !
and meohamc.il college. i
Also, the petitions of soldiers of Booneville,
New York ; of.soldiers and sailors of Wil- ''
hamstown and Beiryshnrg, Pennsylvania; of
soldnes of Culpeper, Viigiuia; of soldiers of
Last Boston and Charlestown, Massachusetts ;
of soldiers of Biilerica, Massachusetts; of sol-
diers and sailors of Atileboro, Massachu
setts ; of soldiers and sailors of Stoneham, 1
Massachusetts ; aud of soldiers and sailors of j;
Taunton, Massachusetts, asking for a bill to i
provide industrial homes for the orphans of j
soldiers aud sailors who served in the Union ]
Army. j
^ By Mr. DOX: The memorial of a Board of
Trade, in relation to American tonnage inter-
ests
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio; The memo-
rial of Lieutenant P. H. Bresl'm, of the fourth
United States infantry, asking his restoration
to the rank of captain in the Army.
By Mr. HOAIi: The petition of Newell E.
Lamprey, of Salisbury, Massachusetts, for a
pension.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 13, 1872.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m-.
Prayer by Rev. E. D. Owes, of Washington)
District of Columbia.
The Journal of the proceedings of Saturday
last was read and approved.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 2713) to establish a mail
route was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
order op business.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask the consent of the
Senate to have passed this morning a bill pro-
viding tor a bridge across the Mississippi river,
at Fort Madison, a bill precisely similar to b,
number of others that have been passed at this
session. I do not propose to take it up now,
but 1 ask the consent of the Senate to take it
up immediately after the morning business
shall be disposed of.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Iowa asks that a bridge bill reported by
the Committee 011 Post Offices and Post Road's
may be taken up subject to the morning busi-
ness. Is there objection? The Chair hears
none, and it is so ordered. The Senator now
yields to the morning business.
kxecutiv ({communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of War,
tiansmitting, in compliance with a resolution
ot the Senate of the 1st ultimo, reports from
the commandant of the armoiy at Springfield,
Massachusetts, and the commandant of the
aisenal at Rock Island, Illinois, giving com-
parative statements 111 regard to the opera-
tion of the eight-liour law in respect to the
amount of labor performed and expense in-
curred in the itiauufaetureatid repair of arms,
and the general working of those establish-
ments, as compared wiih the former system of
working ten hours per day ; which was referred
to the Committee on Education and Labor,
and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILSON presented five petitions of
late soldiers aud sailors of the United States
volunteer Army and Navy, 111 favor of the pas-
sage of a bill to provide industrial homes and
training schools for the orphans of ihe sol-
diers and sailors who served in ihe Army or
Navy of the United States during the war of
the rebellion; which were referred to the
Committee 011 Military Aflaiis.
Mr. LOGAN presented a petition of citizana
of Champaign, Illinois, praying Congress to
bestow a further grant of laud to ccrtain scien-
tific and polytechnic institutions in the various
States of tlie Union which received the ben-
efits ol the congressional act of July 2, 1862,
for the promotion of colleges of agriculture
and the mechanic arts ; which was referred to
ihe Committee on Education and Labor.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Chicago, Illinois, remonstrating against the
extension of the Wilson sewing-machine pat-
ent ; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Chicago, Illinois, praying the passage of the
bill introduced in the Senate for the lelief'of
William H. Akins, of New Vork, and Jacob
D. Felthousen, ot Chicago, Illinois, for invent-
ing improvements in sewing-machines ; which
was referred to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
