1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4247
ing that there shall be no amendments not
germane to the bill. Now, the equities in this
case will certainly appeal to the Senate, be-
cause this is the only opportunity this company
will have to remedy their misfortunes. The
moment they were notified that they were con-
travening the law of Congress, they immedi-
ately appealed to Congress to give them per-
mission, and their plea is that (hey have in-
vested some forty or lifty thousand dollars in this
railroad. They have large contracts for iron
which is about to be delivered here ; and unless
they cap carry on the road at the present time
they will lose the whole opportunity of the
corning season and be postponed until next
spring.
Under these circumstances, the Senate hav-
ing made the rule, you find a company unfor-
tunately placed who are willing to concede
everything that is asked, a change of route,&c.,
and they appeal now to the Seriate to give them
the authority which they thought they had. It
seems to me we can with propriety in this in-
stance waive the rule, because insisting upon
it is a technicality, and to insist upon it involves
very great misfortune to this company. Their
condition has been very properly described by
the Senator from South Carolina as stock-
holders residing along the line of the railroad,
men of moderate means, desirous to improve
the city of Washington. There is no question
with any Senator that the amendment is not
germane; but if we do insist upon our rule we
shall absolutely ruin a company that is willing
to do anything that Congress may ask it.
Mr. HILL. I think it ought to be con-
sidered in connection with this subject what
class of people in the main we are benefiting
by allowing this company to go on and build
these lines of railway, for there are two of
them, both lines mainly lying north of that
portion of the city that belongs to wealthy
persons, the north line running almost the
whole length of P street, perhaps with the
exception of about half a mile, running more
than two miles through the northern portion
of the city occupied by poor people, almost
entirely by artisans and laborers who have no
railroad facilities where they live at all, remote
from the Fourteenth street road. Until you
get down as far south as New York avenue,
which at the nearest point is nearly half a
mile from P street, until you approach Bound-
ary street on the east, you find no railroad
facilities whatever, and from New York avenue
north, almost anywhere, when you get away
from Seventh street or Fourteenth street, where
are the only railroads running north, the people
are subject to great inconveniences, and west
of Fourteenth street there are no facilities
whatever.
There have been months of preparation for
the building of these roads ; a great deal of
lumber and iron has been already delivered,
and is lying along the projected track, and por-
tions of the track are already graded and exca-
vated. It seems to me to stop them now would
be a great blunder. I speak for myself, to be
sure, but I say that whenever any responsible
company will assume the building of a rail-
way to afford facilities to the citizens of
Washington in any portion of it, that does
not materially interfere with the beauty of the
city and with its great avenues, I shall always
be ready, while I am here, to vote to give
them an opportunity to afford that public
accommodation. We may have an opportun-
ity to grant a franchise of this sort to the peo-
ple of south Washington, where it is very
much needed also. There is a scheme pro-
jected there for a line of railway from the
Anacostia river around to the Fourteenth
street road, which will be presented perhaps
at the proper time.
Mr. BLAIR. Is there any question before
the Senate ?
Mr. COLE. I ask that this be passed over
for the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy.) This debate has been proceeded with
by unanimous consent.
Mr. CASSERLY. Let the question be
passed over for the present. I should like to
look into the law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No objection
being made, it will be passed over. Theread-
ing of the bill will be continued.
Mr. BLAJlt. I object to passing it over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Missouri persist in his objection ?
Mr. COLE. I understand my colleague to
be willing to pass it over for the time being.
Mr. CASSERLY. I say I would like to look
at the law to see what claim of right these
parties have.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. No objec-
tion being made, this amendment will be
passed over. The Chair hears no objection,
and the reading of the bill will continue.
Mr. SHERMAN. If this railroad amend-
ment is to be offered again to-morrow, 1 ask
that it be printed, so that we may see what it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The order
to print will be made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I trust if the
Senator is going to have it printed he will
modify the amendment so as to have the ter-
minus on the north line of Pennsylvania ave-
nue instead of Missouri avenue.
Mr. WEST. In line twelve hundred and
sixty-two my attention is called to the extrav-
agant amount of the appropihuion for tree-
markers. I move to strike out "$500" and
insert " $100," so as to make it read :
Tor purchase of tree-markers, and marking the
same, $100.
One hundred dollars is enough for the pur-
pose.
The amendment was agreed to.
The reading of the bill was continued.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations w-is on page 52, after line
twelve hundred and sixty-five, to insert the
following:
For casu.il repairs of Navy-Yard bridge and upper
bridge, $3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HILL. I offered an amendment, and
sent it to the committee, and I have before me
a copy of it, which it was my purpose, since
the committee did not report it back, to offer.
There was notice given of the amendment; it
was sent to the committee, and I now offer the
amendment, to come in after line twelve hun-
dred and fifty-seven, on page 52.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will remark that it is not in order now. When
the amendments of the Committee on Appro-
priations have been gone through with the
bill will be open for amendment.
Mr. HILL. I will reserve it till then.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to make an
inquiry of the chairmau of the Committee ou
Appropriations about the item, on page 53, for
the collectiou and payment of bounty, prize-
money, &c., to colored soldiers. Has that
been customary heretofore?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir; it has been custom-
ary heretofore, and the appropriation is less
than the estimates. The estimates were larger
last year than they are this year by consider-
able, and this is only to close up that institution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The read-
ing of the bill will continue.
The reading of the bill was resumed.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 5G, line thirteen
hundred and sixty-two, after the word " reso-
lution " to strike out the words " of the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives number
nine;" and in line thirteen hundred and sixty-
three, after the word "the" to strike out
" seventh " and insert " ninth! so as to make
the proviso read :
Provided, also, That wheneverany telegraphcom-
pany shal 1 have filed its written acceptance with the
Postmaster General, of the restrictions and obliga-
tions required by the act approved July 24,1806,
entitled " An act to aid in the construction of tele-
graph lines, and to secure to the G-overnment the use
of the same for postal, military, and other pur-
poses.'' if such company, its agents or employ6s,
shall hereaftei refuse ornegleet to transmit any such
telegraphiccommunications as are provided for by
the aforesaid act. or by the jointresolution approved
the 9th dav of February, 1870, to authorize the Sec-
| retaryof War to provide for taking meteorological
observations at the military stations and other
points of the interior ot the continent, and for giv-
ing noticc on the northern lakesand sea-board of the
approach and force of storms, such telegraphic
company shall forfeit and pay to the United States
not le~s than flOO and not exceeding 81,000 for each
refusal or neglect aforesaid, to bo lecovered by an
action or actions at law, in any district court of tho
United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is now nearly half
past ten o'elock, and we meet at eleven. I
move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The read-
ing of the bill will continue.
The next amendment of the Committee oil
Appropriations was on page 56, line thirteen
hundred and seventy-five, after the word " pay-
ment," to strikeout " of" and insert " under
existing laws for; " and to strike out the pro-
viso in lines thirteen hundred and seventy-
eight, and thirteen hundred and seventy-nine,
in the following words:
Provided, That said appropriation shall be avail-
able for the payment of claims from the date of the
passage of this act.
So that the clause will read :
To provide for tho payment under existing laws for
horses and other property lost or destroyed in the
military service of the United States, $100,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 58, line
fourteen" hundred and twelve, to reduce the
appropriation "for the establishment of an
astronomical base and continuance of military
and geographical surveys and explorations
west of the one hundredth meridian of longi-
tude. under the direction of the Secretary of
War," from $75,000 to ยง05,000.
Mr. CO LB. I will not insist upon that. If
the Senate choose to vote it down I shall be
satisfied. It was stricken out without inform-
ation. We have since beard from the Depart-
ment.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was on page 58, to
strike out lines fourteen hundred and fourteen
to fourteen hundred and seventeen, in the words
"for the observation of the transit of Venus
across the disk of the sun, to be expended
with the approval of the Secretary of the
Navy, for the construction of instruments,
ยง50,000:" and insert in lieu thereof the
following:
For the purchase and preparation of instruments
for a proper observation of the transit of "Venus,
which is predicted to occur on the 8th of December,
1871, $50,000, to be expended under the direction of a
commission to be composed of the Superintendent
and two of the profe-sors of mathematics of tho
Navy attached to the Naval Observatory, the presi-
dent ot'thc National Academy of Sciences, and the
Superintendent of theUoastSurvey: Provided, That
no contracts or engagements shall be made for such
instruments to an arnountoxcceding the sum hereby
appropriated.
Mr. COLE. The amount is not increased ;
it is only a more definite provision as to ex-
penditure.
The amendmeut was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 59, after
line fourteen hundred and twenty-eight, to
strike out the following clause:
For pedestal for the equestrian statue of General
Winfield Scott, authorized by act of July 15. 1870,
$12,000.
Mr. SAWYER. I hope that amendment
will be non-concurred in. I will state the
facts which have come under my knowledge
since the report of the committee.
The s atue for which this is the pedestal is
now iu store in Philadelphia, being com-
pleted, ordered by act of Congress, two appro-
priations made for it. Unless this appropria-
tion is made it will have to lie there lor a full
