1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
663
Mr. THURMAN. I present a memorial
of two hundred and fifty citizens of Ohio, late
soldiers of the Army of the United States in
the late civil war, praying that bounties may
be granted to all soldiers who enlisted in the
service of the United States for the suppres-
sion of the late rebellion, and who have an
honorable discharge, and to the heirs of those
that are deceased, of $8 33J per month for the
entire term of service, deducting ail Govern-
ment bounty, &c.; and also tliat the twenty-
fifth section of the act of July 15, 1870, be so
amended as to allow soldiers or sailors to enter
the amount of land therein allowed or such
amount as may be thought proper, without
the requirement of setilement and cultivation.
I move the reference of this petition to the
Committee on Public Lands
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, praying a repeal of the
duties upon tea, coffee, and other articles of
necessity, and such legislation as will protect
home industry ; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented a remonstrance of the
workers in the Alleghany furnace, and citizens
of Logan township, Blair county, Pennsylva-
nia, against a change of the existing tariff laws
abating or abolishing duties on such articles
as are successfully produced in this country ;
which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
He also presented a remonstrance of citizens
of Conneautville, Crawford county, Pennsyl-
vania, against a change of the existing tariff
laws abating or abolishing duties upon such
articles as are successfully produced in this
country ; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
He also presented a remonstrance of the
workers in the Fort Pitt iron and steel works,
and citizens of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, against
a change of the existing tariff laws abating or
abolishing duties upon such articles as are suc-
cessfully produced in this country ; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BLAIR presented the petition of Wil-
liam B>. Rouse, praying to be allowed arrears
of pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. CALDWELL presented the petition of
Charles P. Redmond, praying that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury be authorized to refund
to him certain money paid by him to the Uni-
ted States direct tax commissioner for Arkan-
sas for the purchase of a certain lot in Little
Rock, Arkansas, he having failed to get pos-
session of the same; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
He also presented a letter of the Secretary
of the Interior, in relation to certain selections
of land made for members of the Shawnee
tribe of Indians, and also a draft of a joint
resolution to confirm the sale of said selec-
tions ; which were referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. FENTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Saranac, New York, praying a repeal
of the duties on tea, coffee, and other articles
of necessity, and such legislation as will pro-
tect home industry; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of workingmen
in the Syracuse iron-works, of the town of
Geddes, New York, praying a repeal of the
duties on tea, coffee, and other articles of
necessity, and such legislation as will protect
home industry; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
Joseph Looney, of Buchanan county, Vir-
ginia, praying the removal of his political dis-
abilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the petition of
T. Worthmgton, praying compensation for
extra expenses incurred in the supply of water
at Camp Dennison, Ohio, in 1861; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.'
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Ohio, praying that a bounty of $8 33J per
month be granted to each soldier and sailor
for the length of time he served ; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Ohio, praying the passage of the supplement-
ary civil rights bill; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. BOKEMAN presented a memorial of
Thomas B. Stewart and Alexander McConn,
praying to be relieved from expense and dam-
ages in the suit of Creighton vs. Stewart &
McConn ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SAWYER presented the memorial of
Warrington Sommers, clerkin the Fifth Audi-
tor's office, asking for the difference in pay
between third and fourth class from June 1,
1869, to March 1, 1870 ; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 451) for the relief of Jefferson W. Davis,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. WINDOM. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 348) to provide for the irriga-
tion of the Bear river valley, in Utah Territory,
to report it back with amendment in the nature
of a substitute, and to ask that it be recom-
mitted to the committee; and I give notice to
the Senate that I shall ask the Senate to put it
on its passage when next reported.
The amendment was ordered to be printed,
and the bill to be recommitted.
Mr. BLAIR, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 420) to confer jurisdiction on the Courtof
Claims to hear anddetcrmine the suitof Caron-
delet vs. The United States, reported it without
amendment, and submitted a report, which was
ordered to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. AMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
542) for the relief of Charles Baskervill and
Henry B. Whitfield, and to compensate them
for valuable services rendered the Government
of the United States ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BLAIR at>ked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
543) authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay coitain claims arising from the seizure
and conversion to the uses of the United States
of private personal property after the_30thof
June, 1865 ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 544)
granting right of way over the public domain,
and confirming corporate powers to certain
railroad companies incorporated under the
laws of the Territory of Colorado ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Territories, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BORE.MAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 545) for the relief of Thomas B. Stewart
and Alexander McConn, of West Virginia ;
which was read twice by its litle.
Mr. BOREMAN. This bill is accompanied
by a petition setting forth that these parties
were engaged in the military service during
the late war, in the militia of the State of West
Virginia, and, under orders, were bringing in
members of the militia, and tor some acts done
while thus engaged suits was brought against
them which has cost them a large sum of money
and they ask to be reimbursed. I suppose
that the bill had better be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, with the accom-
panying petition. I move that it be so referred.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
546) relative to homestead settlors burned out
in the States of Minnesota, Wisconsin, and
Michigan; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lauds,
and ordered to be printed.
PRESIDIO RESERVATION.
Mr. COLE. I desire to call up a bill which
was read through and perfected the other day,
and have it passed; it will take but a moment,
I apprehend.
Mr. SCOTT. I rose when Senate resolutions
were called for to call up the resolution in regard
to recusant witnesses in South Carolina.
The VICK PRESIDENT. Did the Senator
from Pennsylvania address the Chair?
Mr. SCOTT. I did.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair did
not hear the Senator, but ho will recognize him
as entitled to the floor.
Mr. COLE. I wish the Senator would yield
just a moment. I have a dispatch from Cali-
fornia asking that this bill pass immediately,
in order that the Legislature may legislate in
reference to it, authorizing the city authorities
of San Francisco to go ahead in their improve-
ments. That is the special reason for haste,
and I suppose the bill will only take a minute.
Mr. SCOTT. If it is not likely to cause
debate, I have no objection to yielding.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania yields to the Senator from
California, who asks leave to call up a bill in
case it does not give rise to debate. The bill
will be read, subject to objection, the Senator
from Pennsylvania being recognized as entitled
to the floor.
The Chief Clerk read the title of the bill (S.
No. 310) leasing the Presidio reservation to
the city of San Francisco for a public park.
Mr. COLE. The bill has been read before
and perfected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ments reported were agreed to the other day
and the bill perfected. It will be read as it
now stands.
The Chief Clerk read the bill as amended.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from California if there is a
recommendation on file from the War Depart-
ment as to this matter ? I suppose it has been
referred to the War Department. I make this
inquiry simply from the fact that there is a
large number of buildings on this reservation,
and of course it must be a considerable ex-
pense to remove them, and I do not know
what provision is made for that. I do not
know whether this three hundred acres re-
served will be sufficient on the point for the
accommodation of the troops that are gathered
there, and whether there is room and a suit-
able place to which to move the buildings. I
should like to know as to the recommendation
of the War Department.
Mr. COLE. I do not know whether there
is any recommendation from the War Depart-
ment in the hands of the committee or not.
There is no requirement for the removal of
these buildings, and probably will not be at all.
It is simply to allow the authorities to improve
the park, that is now almost entirely waste
ground and an eye-sore in that great and grow-
ing city. I suppose the Senator can have no
objection to it.
Mr. CORBETT. I have no objection ; but
I understood the bill to require them to remove
the buildings.
Mr. COLE. When the progress of improve-
ments requires it. That, probably, will not
occur at all.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I think the sug-
