2456
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
Mr. WRIGHT. I make the suggestion that
the bill be considered now, at the request of
the Senator from California.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The^ Senator
from Iowa desires the present consideration
of a bill reported by the Committee on Finance.
The Senator from Nevada, chairman of the
Committee on Mines and Mining, having ob-
tained consent to use the remainder of the
morning hour for a bill reported by them,
objects.
Mr. STEWART. We shall not have time
to reach it if we allow other biils to come in.
Mr. COLE. I do not care particularly
about this bill for Montana, but it is a formal
bill, and I think it will be passed without
debate when it is read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made to the present consideration of the bill,
and it will be placed on the Calendar.
Mr. WEIGHT, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (H.
II. No. *2030) for the relief of Jamea A. Bell,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. AMES, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
511) to amend an act entitled uAn act to pro-
vide for the payment of exoeuses incurred by
the Territories of Washington and Oregon in
the suppression of Indian hostilities therein
in the years 1855 and 185G," approved March
2, 1801. reported it with an amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 013) to provide for the appointment
of a district judge in each of the judicial dis-
tricts of Mississippi, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am also directed by
the same committee to report back the bill
(II. K. No. 280) to perpetuate testimony in
the courts of the United States. The com-
mittee have agreed upon an amendment,
which I have not at hand at this moment, to
simplify the tiling, which will be submitted
to-morrow within the same scope. I report
the bill that it may go on the Calendar, so
that we may act upon it to-morrow with the
other reports of the Judiciary Committee.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. JOHNSTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, hiave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 077) granting a pension to Mrs. Melinda
Brooks ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Pensions, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 078) for adjusting the claims of the State
of New Hampshire ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAYTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 070) to define the territorial limits and
jurisdiction of the Unued States district courts
for the eastern and western districts of Arkan-
sas, and for other purposes; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM asked, and by unan-
imous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 0K0) to advance Commander
Francis M. Htnu-e one grade in the Navy ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. LOGAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 981) for the relief of Edmund Jussen;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
th" Committee on Finance, aud ordered to be
pr.uted.
Mr. CAMERON. L ask leave to introduce
a jo'jjt resolution, and in iw roducmg it 1 desire
to say a single word. The emperor of Ger-
many; wishing to manifest his gratitude to
ministers and consuls of the United States
in France, is desirous of paying them some
substantial compliment; but that cannot be
done without the permission of Congress. I
therefore offer a joint resolution on the sub-
ject for the purpose of having it referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 6)
permitting certain diplomatic and consular
officers of the United States in France to
accept testimonials from the emperor of Ger-
many for their friendly services to the subjects
of the emperor during the war between France
and Germany ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas, submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed by him
to the bill (S. No. 724) supplementary to an
act entitled "An act to incorporate the Texas
Pacific Railroad Company, and to aid in the
construction of its road, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 3, 1871; which was
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SAWYER. I gave notice to the Sen-
ate on last week that either yesterday morn-
ing or this morning I would crave their indul-
gence to make a few remarks on Senate bill
No. 963, making an appropriation for instru-
ments to be used in taking observations upon
the transit of Venus in 1874, reported from the
Committee on Education and Labor. Finding
that the morning hour has been taken by my
friend from Nevada, 1 give notice that to-
morrow morning during the morning hour I
will ask unanimous consent to move to take
up that bill for the purpose of submitting some
remarks.
AMENDMENTS TO APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, submitted an ameudiaent in-
tended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
1101) making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending June 30, 1873, and
for other purposes; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. CALDWELL submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill
(H. R. No. 1541) making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending
June 30, 1873; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
development of mining resources.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumes the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1010) to
promote the development of the milling re-
sources of the United States, reported by the
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Alcorn] from
the Committee on Mines and Mining.
The committee reported an amendment, to
strike out all after the enacting clause of the
bill, and in lieu thereof to insert the following:
That all valuable mineral deposits in lauds be-
longing to tbo United States, both surveyed and
unsurveyed, are hereby declared to be tree and
open to exploration and purchase, and the lands in
which they aie found to occupation and purchase,
by citizens of the Uuited States and those who have
declared their intention to bccome such, under reg-
ulations prescribed by law, and according to tne
local customs or rules of miners, in the several
mining districts, so fur as the same are applicable
and not inconsistent with the laws of the United
States.
Sec. 2. That mining claims upon veins or lodes of
quartz or other rock in place bearing gold, silver,
cinnabar, lend, tin, copper, or other valuaole de-
posits, heretofore located, dhall be governed as to
lengtn along the vein or lode by the customs, reg-
ulations, and laws in force at the date of their loca-
tion. A mining claim located after ihu pas&age
of this act, whether located by one or more per-
sons, may equal, but shall not exceed, fifteen hun-
dred teet in length along the vein or lode; but
no location of a mining claim shall be mado until
the discovc-ry ot the vein or lode within the limits
of the claim located. No claim shall extend more
than three hundred feet on each side of the middle of
the vein at the surface, nor shall any claim, be lim-
ited by any mining regulation to less than twenty-
live feet on each side of the middle of the vein at
the surface, cxeept whore adverse rights existing
at the passage of this act shall render such limita-
tion necessary. The end lines ot each claim shall
be parallel to each other.
Sec. 3. That the locators of all mining locations
heretofore made, or which shall hereafter be made,
on any mineral vein, lode, or ledge, situated on the
public domain, their heirs and assigns, where no
adverse claim exists at the passage of this act, so
long as they comply with the laws of the United
States, and with State, territorial, and local regula-
tions not in conflict with said laws of the United
States governing their possessory title, shall have
the exclusive right of possession and enjoyment of
ali the surface included within tho lines of their
locations, and of all veins, lodes, and ledges through-
out their entire depth, the top or apex of which lies
inside of such surface lines extended downward ver-
tically, although such veins, lodes, or ledges may so
far depart from a perpendicular in their course
downward as to exteud outside the vertical side
lines of said surface locations: Providtd, Thattheir
right of possession to such outside parts of said veins
or ledges shall be confined to such portions thereof
as lie between vertical planes drawn downward as
aforesaid, through tho end lines of their locations,
so continued in their own direction that such planes
will intersect such exterior parts of said veins or
ledges: And provided further, That nothing in this
section shall authorize the locator or possessor of a
vein or lode which extends in its downward course
beyond the vertical lines of his claim to enter upon
the surface of a claim owned or possessed by another.
Sec. 4. That whereatunnel is run for the develop-
ment of a vein or lode or tor the discovery ol mines,
the owners of such tunnel shall have the right of
possession of all veins or lodes within three thou-
sand feet from the face of such tunnel on the line
thereof, not previously known to exist, discovered
in such tunnel, to tho samo extent as if discovered
from the surface; and locations on the line of such
tunnel of veins or lodes not appearing on the sur-
face, made by other parties after the commence-
ment of the tunnel, and while the same is being
prosecutcd with reasonable diligence, shall be
invalid; but failure to prosecute the work on the
tunnel for six months shall bo considered as an
abandonment oi the right to all undiscovered veins
on the line of said tunnel.
Sec. 5. That the miners of each mining district
may make rules and regulations not in couiliet with
the laws ot the United States, or with the laws of
the State or Territory m which the district is situ-
ated, governing the location, manner of recording,
amount of work necessary to hold possession of a
mining claim, subjcct to the following requirements;
trie location must be distinctly marked on tho
ground so that its boundaries can be readily traced.
All records of mining claims hereafter made shall
contain the name or names of the locators, the date
of tho location, and such a description oi the claim
or claims located by reference to some natural ob-
ject or permanent monument as will identify the
claim. On each claim located after the passage of
this act, and until a patent small have been issued
therefor, not less than one hundred dollais' worth
of labor shall be performed or improvements made
during each year. On all claims located prior to the
passage of this act ten dollars' worth ot labor shall
be performed or improvements made for each one
hundred leet m length along the vein until a patent
shad have been issued therefor; but where such
claims are held m common such expenditure may bo
made upon any one claim; and upon a failure to
comply with these conditions, the claim, or mine
upon which such fa dure occurred shall be open to
relocation in the same manner as if no location of
the same had ever been made: Provided, That the
original locators, their heirs, assigns, or legal repre-
sentatives, have not resumed work upon the claim
alter such failure and before such location. Upon
the failure of any one ot several coowiiets to con-
tribute his proportion of the expenditures required
by this act, the coowners who have performed the
labor or made the improvements may, at the expir-
ation of the year, give such delinquent eoownor
personal notice, ornotice by publication m the news-
paper published nearest the claim, for at least once
a week for ninety days, and if at the expiration of
ninety days after such notice, such delinquent
should fail or refuse to contribute his proportion to
comply with this act, his interest in the claim shall
become the property of his coowners who have mado
the required expenditure.
Sec. 6. That a patent for any land claimed and
located for valuable deposits may be obtained in the
following maimer: any person, association, or cor-
poration authorized to locate a claim under this act,
haviug claimed and locatod a piece of land for such
purposes, who has, or have, complied with the terms
ot this act. may tile in the proper land office an ap-
plication for a p:)teut, under oath, showing such
compliance, together with a plat and field-notes of
tho claim or claims in common, made by or under
the direction ol the United Sta-tes surveyor general,
showing accurately the boundaries of the claim or
claim*, which shall be distinctly marked by monu-
ments cn the ground, and shall post a copy of such
plat, together with a notice ol such application for
a patent, in a conspicuous place on the land em-
braced in tmch plat previous to the filing of the ap-
plication for a patent, and shall file an affidavit ef
at least two persons that such notice has been duly
polled aforesaid, and shall file a copy of said
