1872.
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4249
tion four, after the words !'per annum," in
line tan, to insert the following:
And the accounting officers of the Treasury aro
hereby authorized to allow R. M. Wallace, late act-
ins collector of internal revenue lor the third col-
lection district of South Carolina, the salary and
commissions of collector from the 4th day of March,
1860, until the date of his appointment as collector,
deducting the amount heretofore paid on account
of the same.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is not that a private
claim? I submit that it is a private claim.
Mr. SAWYER. That is in obedience to a
request from the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is admitted; but
is this a bill of private claims, and does it
make any difference who recommends it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the point
of order is made the Chair must decide that it
is a private claim, and not in order here.
Mr. BOREMAN. I would like to under-
stand how this mutter is. Under what rule is
this ruling of the Chair?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order under the thirtieth rule. The Secretary
will read the rule.
Mr. BOREMAN. Does that apply to reports
of committees made in pursuance of the rec-
ommendation of the head of a Department?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read from the thirtieth rule
as follows:
"No amendment proposing additional appro-
priations shall be received to any general appro-
priation bill, unless it be made to carry out the pro-
visions of some exising law, or some actor resolu-
tion previously passed by the Senate during that
session, or moved by direction of a standing or select
committee of the Senate, or in pursuance of an
estimate from the head of some of the Departments;
and no amendment snail 'be received whose object
is to provide for a private cla.im, unless it he to
carry out the provisions of an existing law or a treaty
stipulation.''
Mr. SAWYER. Now, I want to say some-
thing in reference to the fact whether it is to
carry out the provisions of an existing law.
There was a law passed here giving deputy
collectors acting as collectors the compensa-
tion of collectors, reported by the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I rise to a point of
order. The Chair has decided that it is a
private claim ; is it proper now to discuss that
question.
Mr. SAWYER. Then I take an appeal.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suggest to the Senator
before he proceeds further that this amend-
ment is obnoxious also under the new rule:
"And no amendmentto anysuch bill making legis-
lative provisions, other than such as directly relate
to the appropriations contained in the bill, shall be
received."
Mr. SAWYER. I do not intrude upon the
Senate much more than my share of the pub
lie time. I wioh to state the facts about this
case, which seem to be misunderstood by the
Senate and Senators who have spoken upon it.
When they have heard facts, if it is adjudged
that it is a private claim, I will yield ; but I wish
to state the facts and have them before the
Senate. I say that we passed a law here two
years ago giving to deputy collectors the com-
pensation which collectors would have had. I
believed then, and I believe now, that that law
would have covered this case, but there was
this peculiarity about that: the collector of
that district was elected a member of the
the other House ; his seat was contested ; in-
stead of resigning he held his place as col-
lector ; was subsequently admitted to the other
House, and when he received his salary as*a
member of the other House the sum which
had been paid to him as collector of internal
revenue was deducted from his salary. This
gentleman, R. M. Wallace, acted as collector
during the entire period. That left him but
the pay of a deputy collector of internal rev-
enue, although he petformed the duties of
collector.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator means that
his pay as collector was held to cease at the
time when his pay as Representative began ?
Mr. SAWYER. No; he received his pay
as collector prior to his being admitted to the
seat, which was contested, and when he finally
was admitted in the other House he drew pay
as a member of the other House from the be-
ginning of that Congress, minus the amount
which had been paid to him as collector.
That left the real collector, the man who had
actually done the duty as collector, simply
with the salary of deputy collector, although
the law provided that deputy collectors acting
as collectors should have the compensation of
collectors.
In the.first place, the Comptroller admitted
that it was very doubtful whether the present
law did not cover it, but he preferred to have
a distinct provision in reference to it, and
therefore he drew this provision himself, and
the Secretary of the Treasury recommends it.
Now, is it a private claim when it is to pay a
Government officer the salary which the whole
spirit of the law determines heshallhave, and
which on a mere technicality is kept away from
him?
Mr. CONKLING. The fact that he is a
Government officer does not make any differ-
ence.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And the Government
officers decided that there was no law to
authorize them to pay this.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the Senate?
Mr. SAWYER. I withdraw the appeal. I
only want to find out how easy it is not to do
justice when it is desired to make a point
against it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The appeal
is withdrawn, and the amendment is ruled out
of order. The reading of the bill will con-
tinue.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand the effect
of that is that we do not concur in the amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is out of the bill. It is not entertained.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to strike out section six,
in the following words :
Sec. 6. That the sum of 8250,000, or so much there-
of as may be necessary, is hereby appropriated to
pay unsettled claims against the Government nf the
United States on account of services rendered in
carrying the mails in the States lately in rebellion,
previous to the31st day of May, A. D.1B61: I-'rovid d.
That before any payment shall be made under this
act, satisfactory evidence shall be furnished that no
compensation has been received from any source
for such service.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I hope that section
will not be stricken out. These are claims
against the Government for carrying the mail,
and are just. There are many railroads through-
out the South that carried the mail under their
contracts in good faith. By laws heretofore
passed many private individuals who carried
horse-mails were paid who could establish
loyalty ; but it. was impossible for a railroad
company to establish loyalty, that being a cor-
porate body. There can be no question as to
the loyalty of some of the stockholders; and I
should like to know if they are to suffer simply
because they were an incorporation. _ I move
to amend the amendment by inserting after
''1861," in line seven, the words "without
proof of loyalty as prescribed by joint reso-
lution approved March 2, 1867."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina moves to amend the
section before the vote is taken on striking
out.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator from
South Carolina care whether he offers it to-
night or in ihe morning?
Mr. ROBERTSON. I am willing to pass it
over.
Mr. CONKLING. Speaking for myself, and
some who are more weary than lam, although
they are not members of this body, I think we
have worked long enough to-day. I move
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. COLE. We have got to the last page.
Mr. CONKLING. That is no reason why
we should go on. I insist on my motion to
adjourn.
Mr. ROBERTSON. If the Senator from
New York will yield to me for a moment I
will renew the motion.
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I was going to make
a suggestion that we pass over this section of
the bill in order to act on it afterward when
the Senate is full.
Mr. CONKLING. As I have inquired, I
know that the officers of the Senate and the
reporters are thoroughly weary. I think we
ought to adjourn ; and therefore 1 make the
motion. We shall not save any time by going
through the reading now. If there is no con-
test about the rest of the bill, it will take no
time in the morning.
The motion was agreed to; and (at ten
o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 5, 1872.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
D. D.
The Clerk began reading the Journal of
yesterday, but before concluding,
Mr. HOLMAN asked unanimous consent
that the further reading of the Journal be dis-
pensed with.
No objection was made ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand that the tariff
and tax bill is not yet ready for the signature
of the Speaker. I therefore move that the
House take a recess until twelve o'clock m.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at eleven o'clock and seven minutes a. m.)
the House took a recess till twelve o'clock ni.
after the ebcess.
The recess having expired, the House re-
sumed its session at twelve o'clock m.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled a bill of the
following title ; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 2322) to reduce duties
on imports, and to reduce internal taxes, and
for other purposes.
The SPEAKER. By order of the House,
made on yesterday, the Chair declares this
House adjourned until Friday next at eleven
o'clock a. m.
Accordingly (at twelve o'clock and five min-
utes p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June 5, 1872.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by Rev. E. D. Owen, of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia.
On motion of Mr. THURMAN, and by
unanimous consent, the reading of the Journal
of yesterday's proceedings was dispensed with.
public building in philadelphia.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask that House bill No.
2850 be taken up, subject to the morning busi-
ness.
Mr. POMEROY, I have some reports to
make whi cb I intend to ask the consideration o (.
Mr. SCOTT. This will lead to no debate.
I ask to take up the bill, subject to the morn-
ing business. It is a bill to provide for a post
office in Philadelphia.
Mr. HARLAN. I prefer that it be acted
on, and not have it blocking the way of every-
thing else.
Mr. SCOTT. Then I ask consent that it
be now considered.
