1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the country, and then let liim remain in this
institution till he has mastered all that is
known of science or in its application to any
of the business of life, you will cure the civil
service system! You must not starve the pro-
fessors! No! He says for the purpose of main-
taining this institution, " I know no limit upon
the power of Congress to levy taxes but the
pleasure of the people." Why, sir, I thought
we lived under a constitutional government, a
Government of limited powers, and that we
could only levy taxes for purposes known to
the Constitution of the country.
But, sir, it seems that I am mistaken. In
order to sustain this great institution from which
nobody is to graduate until he knows all that
human knowledge can acquire, we can tax to
any extent, and "if the people consent, Con-
gress may safely levy a billion a year," says the
Senator. Why. what an omnipotent Govern-
ment this is 1 Would the czar of Russia ask any
more power than to levy all the taxes that the
people could or would bear ? And Congress
has that authority, according to the Senator
from Wisconsin, to levy a billion a year if the
people submit. That is the only limitation, I
suppose, that in a despotic Government restrain s
the despot from taking the earnings of his sub-
jects, but it is the first time I have heard that
such a monstrous doctrine was ever enunci-
ated in the Senate of the United States, and I
think it could come from no person except a
Senator who was awed by the "august pres-
ence" of the President.
I will not dwell upon this speech, but I wish
to say a few words for the benefit of the other
Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpexteb,]
who cannot discover anything wrong in the
civil service system, and is ready, as I know
he is, to correct any abuses at all times. The
junior Senator from Wisconsin tells us—
" If it can be ascertained and pointed out to the
' Senate that any particular grievance exists, there is
110 one in the Senate who will vote more cheerfully
to correct it than I will myself."
I know that the Senator wants to correct it,
but he cannot see the abuses. Hear how he
gets rid of them all, Mr. President :
"But, sir, to take up the report made by the com-
missioners who have sat to consider the subject,
which denounces our .Government and every Depart-
ment of it and every officer of it, from the President
of the United States down to the humblest subal-
tern in the service as rotten and corrupt, and to
legislate upon the assumption that such is the fact,
strikes me as being rather a remarkable spectacle.
_He will not believe the commissioners. My
friend from Wisconsin is in an unfortunate
state of unbelief. Hasays, "I do not believe."
Well, but here is the testimony of these gen-
tlemen.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to interrupt him?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. I am quite willing to
believe our commissioners; I should be quite
willing to believe the Senator from Illinois if
he would come down from gloomy rhetoric to
point out a single particular. If he can inform
us that a single auditorship in the Treasury
Department is unnecessary, that the salary of
an officer is too high, or point out any other
specific certain evil, I will vote with him to
pass a bill 10 correct it in fifteen minutes; but
I do not propose to indorse in general the
recommendations of a committee who seem to
me to have purposely ignored all the facts and
to indulge only in dyspeptic melancholy on this
subject. I hope the Senator from Illinois now
will not* imitate their proceedings, but will
come to details, descend so that a common
man can comprehend why it is that we must
appropriate $50,000 to do something, and what
that something is to be.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall have very great
pleasure in introducing a witness upon the
stand after a little who will testify in reference
to particulars, a credible witness, a witness of
high character, and I shall hope to produce
some impression upon the honorable Senator
from Wisconsin by the testimony. I believe
it is said somewhere that by the testimony of
two or three witnesses every word may be
established. Now we have the testimony of
seven gentlemen. These gentlemen, he says,
'' denounce our Government and every Depart-
ment of it, from the President down to the
humblest subaltern." Who are these gentle-
men ? Mr. Curtis is the chairman of this com-
mission, a gentleman of cultivation, of char-
acter, of ability. He does not deal in gen-
eralities altogether, and this report that he
and the other six have presented to you con-
tains numerous facts pointing out abuses in
the civil service system. I fear the Senator
from Wisconsin has not read it carefully. But
who is Mr. Curtis ? One of the warmest friends
of the President of the United States, a gen-
tleman as reluctant as any man who could be
found in the country to say or do anything
that could reflect upon the Chief Magistrate
of the nation ; a gentleman who is the editor
of the weekly newspaper of the country that is
doing more than any other publication in this
land to give character to the administration
of the present Executive and to sustain him
personally. He is the political editor of Har-
per's Weekly, writing articles every week in
support of the President.
But the Senator says he is not to be believed ;
he is denouncing the President. Will the
country believe it ? And who else is on that
commission ? Mr. Cattell, a former member
of this body, one of the warmest admirers and
most ardent friends of the President. Mr.
Medill, of Chicago, is a member, another warm
personal friend and supporter of the President.
There are on it four other gentlemen, all equally
his friends. Their report is to go for nothing!
Why, sir, it is not an attack upon the Admin-
istration that these gentlemen have made. It
is an honest and asincere efforton their part to
correct the abuses existing in the administra-
tion of the Government in order to elevate the
character and the position of the Chief Magis-
trate of the nation, and to make him as illus-
trious for the purity of the Government that
he administers as he is already for skill and
ability in the command of armies on the field
of battle. It is a mistake that the Senator
makes when he supposes that these gentlemen
attack the President. Far from it. They are
the best supporters he can have, for they point
out to him the abuses which have crept into
the public service, and call upon him to cor-
rect them and recommend himself to the hon-
est and good all over the land.
But, Mr. President, I said I would introduce
another witness; and the witness whom I shall
call now to the stand for the benefit of the
Senator from Wisconsin and the Senate and
the country is a gentleman who also madehis
name illustrious during the war by the services
which he rendered to the country, has made
his name illustrious in civil life as the Gov-
ernor of one of the greatest States in the
Union, where he discharged his duty to the
satisfaction of the people, and then was invited
into the Cabinet of the President of the United
States, and administered one of the Depart-
ments of this Government with ability, fidelity,
and integrity. I allude, of course, to Governor
Cox, now a citizen in private life. Will the
Senator question the truthfulness of what he
says ? Will he assert that Governor Cox states
that which is false? His character forbids it.
The reputation of his whole life is such that
every word he states is to be received as the
truth; and now I propose to introduce this
witness upon the stand and hear what he says.
In speaking of the abuses in the civil service of
applicants for office, and of what takes place at
the Presidential Mansion, he say's:
"His ante-room and halls are thronged by tho
applicants, the more fortunate or important of them
pressing their Senator or Representative into the
service, to introduce them and stand sponsor for
their merits and claims. The facility with -which
written recommendations are procured leads to du-
plicity on the part of the person giving them; and
it is no uncommon thing for one who has written a
high eulogium upon the character and acquire-
ments of a place-hunter, to write a private note
begging that his formal indorsement may not he
regarded of any weight, or to seek a private inter-
view in which he will state that the person is quite
the reverse of the picture drawn of him in the tes-
timonial filed. With theknowledge o,f this duplicity
and of the farcical hollowness of the whole business
of giving recommendations and testimonials, the
President and his secretaries must receive the end-
less tide of applicants, listening to the praises spoken
by an official friend, with, perhaps, a note from
the same official in the drawer of the table at which
they sit contradicting everj^ word cf the high-flown
panegyric so glibly poured into their ears, and with
a feeling of wearied disgust at the necessity of re-
ceiving with equal serenity the hypocritical praises
and the furtive denial of them from the same lips."
Is that any abuse ? Does the Senator from
Wisconsin approve of that?
Mr. CARPENTER. I think it is a great
abuse on the part of the man who does it. I
do not see how it affects the civil service.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it would affect
it some if we had a law that no man recom-
mended by a member of Congress could be
appointed to office. Do you think they would
do it then?
Mr. CARPENTER. If we could pass a law
to prevent all hypocrisy in politics, I think
that would do a great deal of good.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We could prevent this
much. If we cannot make it perfect, we could
stop that sort of duplicity.
In speaking of the time that is taken up in this
scramble for office, this witness further says:
14 If a month or two were all that is wasted in this
employment, it would be bad enough; but the truth
is that by far the larger part of the time of the Pres-
ident and all the members of his Cabinet is occu-
pied by thisworse than useless drudgery, during the
whole term of his office, and it forms literally and
absolutely the staple of their work."
Is that any abuse, to have the time of the
Secretary occupied with this scramble?
" It is therefore no figure of speech to say that
administering the Government means the distribu-
tion and redistribution of its offices, and that its
diplomacy, finance, military, naval, and internal
administration are the minor affairs which the set-
tled policy of the country has relegated to such odds
and ends of time as may be snatched from the
greater cares of office/' * * A #
" If, however, we add a purpose to make political
capital or the means of personal advancement or
profit by the use of the power of appointment, it be-
comes at once apparent that what was before only an
annoyance, and a clog to the transaction of public
affairs, becomes a positive corruption, with terrible
depths of abuse."
Can we not correct that ?
" Men were known to offers-
Here is a fact:
" Men were known to offer $5,000 for the influence
which might secure an appointment to a gauger's
situation in the revenue service, where $1,500 was
the limit of the pay that could be honestly earned,
and when it was morally certain that the advent of
anew Administration would terminate the employ-
mentwithin a year." ******
" The proposition to which we must come is that
the civil service of the country must be so organized
that it shall be impossible for any President to make
use of the appointing power as a means of enforcing
a policy, or of controlling votes in Congress or else-
where."
,4 When a President determines to use the patron-
age at his disposal for a personal or party purpose,
it results practically in farming it out to members
of Congress. He may retain the right to favor spe-
cial personal friends and retainers here and there,
or allow his Cabinet officers to do the same by theirs,
but this will all amount to buta drop in the bucket.
The influences most useful and most formidable to
the Executive are in Congress. If local selection or
distribution is to be exercised, the Congressman is
the person most fully advised as to the value of
various local influences, and the importance of con-
ciliating or rewarding them. Ho is also in most
cases the most efficient and active coworker with
the President, if he can be induced to accept a
common purpose and labor for a common end. As-
suming, therefore, a purpose to maintain what is
known as a party rule, through the usual subordi-
nations of rank and importance in the organization,
the Congressman becomes almost inevitabiy the most
active and powerful of the dispensers of patronage;
since he alone of the several departments of the Gov-
ernment is in immediate contact with the people,
and has a district to look after not too large to per-
mit a general personal acquaintance with all^tho
more prominent and active citizens and politicians
in it." ******■*•■*■■*
"What is popularly known as tho Jeffersonian
rule as to qualification .and fitneas seems to have
been pretty fairly applied, and the traditions of
the Departments at Washington affirm that a re-
moval for a political reason was almost wholly
unknown till after the close of the administration
of the second Adams."
