1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4251
petition's and memorials.
Mr. CON KLIN G presented the following
resolution of the Legislature of the State of
New York ; which was read, and ordered to
lie on the table:
In Senate, Statu op New York,
Albany, May 10,1872.
Whereas the central board of trustees of the
American Printing House for the Blind and the
American University tor the Blind has been organ-
ized in the District of Columbia under the name of
the Board of Regents of the American Printing
House for the Blind and the American University
for the Blind; and whereas the objects of said in-
stitution are to provide for the blind facilities of in-
struction not heretofore enjoyed or attainable by
them, that is to say, a series of text-books, works
of general literature, and illustrative apparatus ad-
dressed to the sense oftouch, with all other methods
conducive to the acquisition of thorough and liberal
education; and whereas the respective State boards
of trustees of said printing house or of said univer-
sity are entitled to representation in said board of
regents; and whereas it is for the benefit of the
blind of the nation, in which those of this State are
generally interested, and are recipients of said fa-
cilities of education; and whereas, there is a bill in
Congress to make an appropriation to said printing
house and university lor the blind: Therefore,
Beit resolved, (if the Assembly concur.) That our
Senators and Representatives in Congress be re-
quested to favor the granting of aid by an appropria-
tion of money to said institution; and that his Excel-
lency the Governor be requested to forward a copy
of this memorial to our Representatives in Congress.
By order;
CHAS. R. DAYTON, Clerk.
In Assembly, May 10,1872.
Concurred in without amendment.
By order:
EDWARD M. JOHNSON, Clerk.
lands sold por direct taxes.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a bill that
passed the Senate, went to the House of Rep-
resentatives, was returned with an amend-
ment, which was referred to the Committee
on Finance, who reported it back a long time
ago. It stands on the final vote. It is a bill
of great public importance to the South, pro-
viding for the redemption of lands for direct
taxes. The bill has been fully considered,
and I wish it acted on now.
Mr. POMERO Y. I hope that will be done.
I stopped the bill awhile to examiue it, and I
hope it will be acted on now.
Mr. E^DMUNDS. I wish that might lie
until the Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Fre-
linghuysbk] comes in.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill has been more
maturely considered than almost any bill that
has been before Congress. It involves the
interest of about twenty thousand colored peo-
ple and many white people. The Senator from
Massachusetts interrupted it one day and the
Senator from Kansas on another. The bill
has been fully considered. I do not waut to
stand here calling up a bill in which my con-
stituents have no possible interest. It is a
bill of the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Sawyer,] who is pressing me every day to
have it acted upon. I hope it will be dis-
posed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The Senator from Ohio
asksunanimous consentto consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to Sen-
ate bill No. 780. Is there objection?
Mr. EDMUNDS. My only objeclion at this
moment is the fact that the Senator from New
Jersey who sits near me took an interest in
that bill before, and I think he saw the possi-
bility that some of the places where our sol-
diers are buried might go back into the hands
of their rebel owners under this bill. I do
not know that there is the slightest foundation
for his fear; I have not examined it; but I
suggest to the Senator from Ohio as a matter
of courtesy and of safety on the part of the
Senate to wait a few moments.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection if
it is really desirable, but the very point the
Senator from New Jersey made has bfeen met,
and I think he is satisfied on that point.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It may be that he is. I
only do for linn what, I should expeet any Sen-
ator to do for me in the same circumstances.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will waive it for a
moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The request
of the Senator from Ohio is withdrawn.
compensation of surveyors of customs.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I ask for the con-
sideration of a House bill construing a statute,
which passed the House some lime ago, was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and from that committee sent to the Commit-
tee on Finance, and reported favorably. It
is House bill No. 2773. If anybody objects,
it may lie over.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
2773) to amend section five of an act entitled
"An act making appropriations for the civil
and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the year 1841," approved March 3,1841,
and to authorize the proper construction
thereof, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to construe the pro-
visions of the fifth section of the act making
appropriations for tbe civil and diplomatic
expenses of the Governmentfor theyear 1841,
approved March 3, 1841, which established
aud limited the compensation of collectors of
customs, so as to apply to all surveyors of
customs ports performing or having performed
the duties of collectors of customs, who shall
be entitled to receive the same compensation
as is allowed to collectors by that act for like
services in the settlement of their accounts
with the Treasuiy, if the fees, commissions,
and emoluments prescribed by law and col-
lected by them shall amountto such maximum
allowance.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
reports of committers.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the Ohio river
bridge bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to make a report.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. There is
objection to the Ohio river bridge bill until
my colleague is in his seat.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Reports of
committees are in order.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom were referred the following
bills, asked to be discharged from their further
consideration ; which was agreed to :
A bill (S. No. 397) to facilitate specie pay-
ment ;
A bill (S. No. 970) relating to the proceeds
of captured and abandoned property ;
A bill (S. No. 1040) for the relief of William
Fischer;
A bill (H. R. No. 1957) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to refund duties paid
on the chime of bells and clock imported for
St. Joseph's cathedral, Buffalo, New York;
and
A bill (n. R. No. 2091) to amend an act
entitled ''An act to reduce internal taxes, and
for other purposes," approved July 14, 1870.
government land at plattsburg.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H. 11. No. 2858) authorizing
the Secretary of War to release twenty-live
acres of the lands of the United States at
Plattsburg, New York, to the New York and
Canada Railroad Company, and for other pur-
poses, to report it back with an amendment.
There is no objection to the bill, aud 1 should
like to have it put on its passage.^
By unanimous consent, tbe bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to empower the Secretary of War, if,
in liis opinion it is not needed for military
purposes, to release, upon the conditions pro-
vided in the act, to the New York aud Canada
Railroad Company, its successors and assigns,
the right, title, and interest of the United
States in and to the north twenty-five acres
of the lands owned and possessed by tbe Uni-
ted States in the town of Plattsburg, Clinton
county, New York, and situated upon the
westerly banks of Lake Champlain, together
with a right of way from the south thereto;
the release to be with such restrictions as the
Secretary of War may think necessary to pro-
tect the interests of the United States. Before
the expiration of the release the railroad com-
pany shall first pay into the Treasury of the
United States the full value of the land, and
the right of way to the same to be fixed by a
board of three officers of the Army, appointed
by the Secretary of War, whose report shall
be appioved by him. The dwelling-house now
standing on the land is to be removed by the
railroad company to such place as may be des-
ignated by the Secretary of War, without ex-
pense to the United States. The premises are
to be used exclusively for railway purposes,
and the company, its successors and assigns,
within three years from the passage of the act,
shall complete and operate a railroad within
the State of New York, connecting the rail-
roads leading from the city of New York with
the Canadian frontier.
The amendment reported by the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs was in line fifteen, to
stiike out the word "expiration" aud insert
" execution."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to ask for in form-
ation, where is the land situated that is affected
by this bill?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I can state, as it hap-
pens to be across the lake from where 1 reside.
It is situated in the State of New Yoik, on the
west bank of Lake Champlain, on the scene
of the ancient battle of Plattsburg, of which
my friend of course has heard. There has
been a reservation there, barracks, and so on,
which in the war of 1812 was used, and it is a
military post still. This railway desires part
of it, as 1 understand, for its depot purposes,
and so on, and propose to buy it. I think
very well of the scheme, from the fact that the
land is of no use for the military purposes of
the United States; it will never be needed
again, and it' we can get the full value for a
part of it I think it a very good thing to do,
although I know nothing about the bill other-
wise.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Vermont if he knows how the full
value is to be ascertained?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The bill provides it is to
be ascertained by an appraisement by a board
of officers, subject to the approval of the Sec-
reiaiy of Wai. I noticed that in the reading
of the bill. 1 have no knowledge of the details.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have no further in-
quiry to make.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in.
The amendment was ordered to he en-
grossed atid the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
order of business.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like the Senate
to give this evening after the recess for the
consideration of bills from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to the request of the Senator from
Minnesota?
Mr. COLE. Subject to the unfinished
business.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection ?
Mr. THURMAN. One objection I have to
make. I hope the Senator from California
intends to stick to his appropriation bill, aud
that he will not yield until the bill is passed.
After it is taken up I shall object to any busi-
ness being taken up until it is passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is another appro-
