2460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
practical workings of mines. It was, perhaps,
because of the fact that I knew nothing in the
world about mining that T was complimented
by being assigned to a place on the Mining
Committee, upon the principle that as I knew
nothing about it, it was time for me to begin
and learn something on that subject. I have
sought to improve the opportunity as well as
1 could in the examination of the bill now
before the Senate.
The bill has been considered by the com-
mittee with great care, each section of the
biil has been discussed, and the result is that
the report embodies the intelligence brought
to the committee by various persons who ap-
peared before it in the interests of the mining
districts. For myself, 1 have been contented
with looking to the legal questions involved in
the various provisions that are by this bill
sought to be enforced. As to its practical
working, I will only say that it is in conformity
with what seems to be the settled policy of the
Government with regard to mining. The bill
addresses itself to my judgment, after the dis-
cussions before the committee, as one proper
to be passed. It was very apparent to the com-
mittee that legislation upon this subject is a
demand, an absolute necessity to the mining
interest,—an interest that involves the welfare
of the whole country. In truth, the principles
of obtaining mining titles should be settled
and fixed by the Congress of the United States,
and that is what the bill proposes lo do.
So far as I am concerned 1 am prepared to
hear any suggestions in regard to amendments
to this bill, and am prepared to consider them
wiihoutthe slightest feeling of favoritism for
the measure now before the Senate, and I
upon my part invite the consideration, the in-
vestigation, the scrutiny of the Senators who
know so much moic about mining than 1 do
to consider the various provisions of this bill,
and ascertain whether there is anything in it
that is improper to become the law of the
United States.
I wished simply to express the fact to the
Senate that 1 am ignorant of mines and
mining, that 1 have never seen a gold mine in
my lile, that 1 have never seen a placer or a
lode. 1 have never seen anything ui that, tine
above a coal mine, and 1 am placed in the
altirude of reporling this important bill—for
1 call the attention of the Senate to the fact
that, this is a most important bill—and one that
deserves the consideration of the Senate and
the judgment of the Senate. It should be
carefully considered, and the judgment of the
Somite should be brought to bear on the vari
ouh provisions of the bill now under consid-
eration. Having said this much, I conceive
that, J. have discharged the duty that 1 owe
to this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from California, it,seems
to me, ought not to prevail. 1 do not know
what authority the Congress of the United
States has to say that a man who has already
obtained a patent lor a piece of land shall per-
form a certain amount of work upon that land
or else lose his title.
Mr. COLE. The Senator certainly mis-
understands me. I did not intend it should
be retroactive, but only to apply to the future.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the provision
of the bill, if I understand it. The provision
of the bill, as it reads, is:
On all claims located prior to the passage of this
act, ten dollars' worth of labor shall be performed
or improvements made for each one hundred feet in
length aloiiK tile voin until a patent shall have been
issued therefor.
Now the Senator from California proposes
to strike out the words "until a patent shall
have been issued therefor."
Mr. COLE. 1 do not think my proposition
would be retroactive at all. I did not intend
it should be, but would only apply to future
patents.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This applies to claims
located prior to the passage of this act.
Mr. COLE. A claim may be located and
not patented.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then why strike out,
the words " until a patent shall have been
issued therefor ?"
Mr. COLE. Then after it was patented,
the title wouldbenolongersubjecttodenounce-
ment, no longer subject to forfeiture in case
of failure to utilize.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me that it
ought not to be. 1 think it would be improper
to adopt such a provision. 1 quite agree with
the Senator from Mississippi that this is a bill
of the very highest importance ; it is to govern
all the mining interests of the country which
relate to quartz mines—everything except the
placer mining, as I understand, and it adopts
as law the regulations which the miners may
make, which may be as vaiious as the mines.
Mr. STEWART. Allow me to say that
the old law adopts them. One of the difficul-
ties is that they have legislated too exten-
sively since the adoption of that law. This
curtails their power of legislation, cuts it
down to a very small extent, takes away most
of it, takes away anything that can be preju-
dicial, and prescribes the rule so that their
legislation cannot interfere with it. That is
the main object, of the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The provision is this :
That tile miners of each mining district may make
rules and regulations not in conflict with the laws
of tiio United States, or vvitli tile laws of the State
or Territory in which the district is situated, gov-
erning tho loc.'ilion, m,inner of rcoordinu, amount
of work necessary to hold possession of a mining
claim, (fee.
Mr. STEWART. Read on.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It continues:
Subject to the following requirements: the loca-
tion tuu^t be distinctly marked on tbo ground, so
that its boundaries can bo readily traced.
That is the requirement.
Mr. STEWART. One of them.
Mr.'TRUMBULL. And—
AH records of mining claims hereafter made shall
contain the natno or names of the locators, the date
of (ho location, and such a description of the claim
or claims located by reference to some naturad ob-
ject or uermanotU monument as will identify the
cl lim.
Mr. STEWART. They have those powers
now, and this is a limitation upon them rather
than anything else.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not propose to
discuss this bill, because I confess 1 do not
understand its practical workings. I merely
rose to call attention to the motion of the
Senator from California, which it seemed to
me ought, not to prevail in the shape in which
he made it.
Mr. OASSERLY. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Illinois what particular passage
of the bill he was criticising iu the colloquy
between himself and the Senator from Nevada.
I could not hear either of them distinctly
enough to ascertain.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator's colleague
moved lo strike out in the twentieth line of
the fifth section the words "until a patent
shall have been issued therefor."
Mr. COLE. I am not particular about
that.
Mr. TRUMBULL, ft occurred to me if
these lines were stricken out (he bill would
then provide for forfeiting the rights of a pat-
entee for not working the ground to a certain
extent each; and it seemed to me that the
authority of Congress to do that, might be very
questionable, even if it was a proper thing
to do.
Mr. RAMSEY. I would like to inquire of
the Seuator from Nevada whether the terms
of this bill apply to iron or coal, or to any
mines other than those of the precious metals.
Mr. STKWART. I think not. If it did,
however, it would be no objection to it, be-
cause if anybody can buy, nobody will abuse
it in that respect. If anybody wants to buy
an iron mine that number of feet nobody can
object.
There is no objection to
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ Does the Sena-
tor from California modify his amendment to
leave out the words about patents in the twen-
tieth line?
Mr. COLE. I am not particular about that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia as modified.
The amendment, as m6dified, was rejected.
Mr. COLE. Oil the next page, in the thir-
tieth line, after the words " personal notice,"
I move to insert "in writing." .
Mr. STEWART. There is no
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. And in line thirty-six, after the
words " such notice," insert " in writing or by
publication."
Mr. STEWART. There is no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. On page 10 I move to strike
out the word "required," in line ten, and all
down to the end of the section, and insert
what I send to the Chair.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to strike
out the words "and joint entries shall be
allowed for contiguous claims as provided in
said act," and to insert in lieu thereof the
following:
And all placer mining claims shall conform as
near as practicable with the United States systom
of public land surveys and the rectangular subdi-
visions of such surveys: and no such location shall
include more than twenty acres for each individual
claimant.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to have the
attention of both the Senators from California.
'This point has been discussed, and the mem-
bers of the House who represent the districts
concerned, the former inembers.aud t,lie pres-
ent members, had this put iu for a reason
which I will state. In working out one of these
hill veins where they have worked out the rich
placers they turn a stream on it, and there is
a combination working it. They have their
claims, but they finally bave to combine to
work. They put their claims together, and it
would allow them where they hold under the
mining law lo come together and get a patent
for the whole rather than get separate patents.
They were very much in favor of that at the
time. I do not know that that will be liable
to be abused, if they have possession accord-
ing to the mining rules and combine for the
purpose of using the water of a river, I see no
objection myself to their getting their patents
together.
Mr. COLE. I will point out the objection
I have to these words which 1 propose to strike
out, namely, "joint entriesshall be allowed for
contiguous claims as provided iu said act."
Joint entries to any extent; it is unlimited.
The Senator does not intend that.
Mr. STEWART. Suppose you strike that
out and not put anything else in?
Mr. COLE. They ought to conform to the
United States surveys.
Mr. STEWART. I do not agree to the
provision about twenty acres. I think some
of the claims are more than twenty acres of
land. You do not want to interfere with them.
Mr. COLE. Not at all.
Mr. STEWART. Then say "hereafter
located." Let the restriction as to quantity
apply hereafter.
Mr. COLE. It does as amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be reported as amended.
The Chief Ct.erk. It is proposed to strike
out in lines ten and eleven of section ten the
words "and joint entiies shall be allowed for '
contiguous claims as provided in said act,"
and m lieu thereof to iusert:
And all placer mining claims hereafter loeated
shall conform as near as practicable to the United
States system of public land surveys, and the rec-
tangular subdivisions of such surveys, and no such
location shall include more than twenty acres foi
each individual claim.
