1564
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
date of September 1,1870, Senator Trumbull writes
Commissioner Delano as follows: " Dr. J. A. Powell,
of Olney, in this State, I am reminded since making
an indorsement on the papers of Mr. Barbour, was
previously recommended by some of our most valued
friends for assessor in the eleventh district in place
of Mr. Biggs resigned, and I have been requested to
call your attention to Dr. Powell's recommendations
bow on file."
(Not appointed.)
J. S. Poors writes Senator Trumbull, under date
of April 22,186-9, protesting against.the.appointment
of A. Neustadt as assessor twelfth Illinois. Mr.
Trumbull indorses the letter as follows: lh©
writer of the within is a respectable citizen, and I
especially commend his letter to the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. April 28,1869.*'
(Not appointed.)
Under date of June 10,1871, ex-Governor Itoer-
ner writes Senator Trumbull, recommending the
appointment of Charles Stephani as assessor twelfth
Illinois. Mr. Trumbull forwards the letter toCom-
missioner Pleasonton with the following: indorse-
ment : "You may rely on the statements of Governor
Koerner as being entirely correct."
(Appointed.)
Hon. Charles B. Lawrence, under date of June 8,
1871, writes Senator Trumbull, recommending re-
tention of R, II. Whiting, assessor fifth Illinois. Mr.
Trumbull forwards his letterto Commissioner Pleas-
onton with the following indorsement: "Thewriter
of the within is the chief justice of the supreme
court of Illinois, and a gentleman of high oharac-
ter, and a Republican whose recommendation is
entitled to consideration. His residence is Gales-
burg, though he writes from Mount Vornon, where
supreme court is now in session/'
(Retained.)
A. C. Matthews, collector ninth Illinois. Under
date of May 27,1869, Senator Trumbull writes Com-
missioner Delano as follows: "I am satisfied that
Colonel A. C. Matthews is tho choice ot' our friends
for collector of internal revenue in the ninth dis-
trict of Illinois, and that ho ought to be appointed.
He is a gentleman every way qualified for the posi-
tion. Served with crcdit in the Army, and has the
indorsement of Colonel A. C. Babcock, General
Lippincott, and other loading Republicans of tho
district, which is represented in Congress by Mr.
McNkely, aDemocrat. I recommend Colonel Mat-
thews's appointment."
(Retained.)
Thomas J. Kinney, assessor ninth Illinois. Under
date of May 8, 1869, Senator Trumbull writes the
President as follows: *4 Colonel A. C. Babcock hav-
ing declined tho appointment of assessor for the
ninth, a Democratic district of Illinois, and ho and
other friends having united in the recommendation
of Colonel Thomas J. Kinney for tho place, I trust
ho may reecivo tho appointment."
(Appointed.)
\V. II. Barlow, for assessor eleventh Illinois. On a
letter addressed to tho honorablo tho Secretary of
the Treasury, by Governor Palmer and others, of
Illinois, Senator Trumbull makos tho following
indorsement: " The gentlemen who have Rigned tho
within are prominent influential friends of tho
Administration, whoso recommendations should
receive favorable consideration, and I am not
advised of any other applicant for tho place."
(Not appointed.)
Deputy commissioner of internal rovenue.
Springfield. Illinois, March 16,18G9.
Drar Sir: I am requested by my friend, Hon.
Jesse IC. Dubois, to stato what I know of tho polit-
ical history of J. G. Bowman, esq., of Yincennes,
Indiana, whom I have known for many years. 1
have always undorstood Mr. Bowman to- bo an earn-
est and true Republican sinco the organization of
the party in 1856. Mr. Dubois has a more intimato
knowledge of Mr. Bowman's activity in political
affairs, and I am ready to vouch for the truthfulness
of whatever Mr. Dubois may say in tho premises.
For my own part, I never heard the Republicanism
or fidelity of Mr. Bowman to the Republican party
questioned.
Very respectfully, LYMAN TRUMBULL.
Hon, C. Delano, Commissioner Internal Revenue.
(Not appointed.)
Senate of the United States,
Committee on the Judiciary,
Washington, December 1,1871.
I have been personally acquainted with General
B. J. Sweet for several years. He is a gentleman of
high character, of great executive ability, and of
capacity equal to any position to which he would
a-Bpirc' LYMAN TRUMBULL.
(Appointed.)
James B. C.i.hill, collector fourth Illinois. Under
date of February 8,18(3), citizens of Hancock county,
Illinois, addressed Senator Trumbull, asking his
influence to secure the appointment of Colonel
Cahill. The Senator indorses the communication
as follows:
"Respectfully referred to the Secretary of the
Treasury."
(No papers on file for Dr. Lord.)
Mr. TRUMBULL. Those are all the papers.
I had them all read that the Senate might see
the character of the indorsements put upon
papers by me. The Senate will see that very
few of them are recommendations for office.
The one in regard to General Sweet is a state-
ment not addressed at all to the Departments.
When General Sweet called upon me, I told
him distinctly that I would not make a recom-
mendation for his appointment, but I could
not refuse to vouch for his character and
integrity and capacity. I did that without
addressing my note to the Department at all,
or indorsing it upon any papers going to the
Department.
It will take up too much time to read all the
papers I have received in reply from these
various Departments. I may state in reference
to the War Department that there are but two
persons with whom my name appears in any
way connected with that Department. One is
a gentleman who was mustered out of the ser*
vice two or three years ago, in Texas. He
wrote me, thinking he ought to be retained in
the Army. I wrote upon the back of his letter,
" Respectfully referred to the Secretary of
War," and on another letter calling the atten-
tion of the President to his case. The other
case is that of a clergyman in a distant part
of the country whom I had known for several
years. He wrote me a letter asking permission
to refer to me for his character, and I wrote
him this letter in reply:
" You are quito at liberty to rofer to me as sug-
Rested in your note, and it will afford me pleasure to
bear testimony to your reputation as a Christian
minister and gentleman.
"Very truly, yours."
That is all there is in the War Department.
In the Navy Department there is not a single
recommendation. In the Department of Jus-
tice there are two persons with whom my
name appears, and in the Department of State
there are, as stated, twenty-six persons in con-
nection with whom my name appears.
Now, Mr. President, out of ail these it will
be found there are very few—I do not remem-
ber the precise number—where I have recom-
mended the party at all, even in the indorse-
ments, and there aro not a dozen cases where
I have asked the appointment of anybody.
More than a year and a half ago I wrote a
letter to one of the Departments stating this
fact—I read from a letter written by me on
tho Gth of September, 1870, in reference to an
applicant for office :
"You aro probably awaro that I interfere very
littlo with appointments to office, and never ask
them as a personal favor; but I cannot refuse
sometimes to boar testimony to the good reputation
and charaoter of those I kno"w."
I then go on and speak of this gentleman
who is an applicant for office, notifying the
Department expressly that I never ask for the
appointment of anybody to office as a personal
favor to me. That occurred more thanayear
and a half ago, and the letter is on file in the
Department.
Now, Mr. President, it is very apparent
that there is nothing in these papers to justify
the statement made by the Senator from Indi-
ana. But, I ought not to pass over one other
remark. He said that I had been importu-
nate in urging appointments to office, and he
spoke of relatives. In all this list of names
furnished by all tho Departments there is not
one person a blood relation of mine. I have
many such relatives, but not one that I am
aware of holds an office under the Adminis-
tration. My son is the clerk of the Committee
on the Judiciary, and acts as private secretary
for me. That is an appointment made by the
chairman of the committee. Of course there
could be no importunity to the Department
about that, because the appointment is made
by the chairman of the committee. The only
name of a relative in all this list, and that
has been published in all the newspapers, is
that of Dr. Jayne, a pension agent in the
State of Illinois, who is the brother of any
deceased wife. I believe he is a compe-
tent and proper officer, and I know no reason
why he should not have been appointed, or
why his relationship should have been any
objection to him. I will say further in refer-
ence to his appointment that his recommenda-
tion was signed by others of the delegation
as well as myself, not by me first, however,
and his appointment was procured chiefly
through the instrumentality of my then col-
league, whose personal friend he had been
for many years. That is the only name of a
relation that appears on the lists from any
of the Departments. I know not of any other
person appointed to office by this Administra-
tion, either blood relation or collateral to me,
unless it be a clerk in the Agricultural Depart-
ment, who was a cousin of my deceased wife.
That is the sum and substance of the relatives.
Now, sir, with what justice could such a
statement be made as that of the Senator from
Indiana the other day ? In the Treasury De-
partment, with its thousands of clerks, not one
is there at my instance, nor with whom my
name is any way appears; nor is there one in
the State Department, the Department of War,
of the Navy, or of Justice. In each of the Post,
Office and Interior Departments there is one
clerk whose recommendation, in common with
others of the delegation, I signed, and they
are the only two clerks in all the Executive
Departments in connection with whom my
name in any way appears. Of the two thou-
sand postmasters in Illinois my name appears
in connection with only thirty. A very few of
these were recommended by me. Sir, I am
sorry to have had occasion to allude to a mat-
ter of this kind, but I was not willing that the
broad statement made by the Senator from
Indiana should be published through the coun-
try, and the statement in regard to my pro-
curing the appointment of one hundred and
three relatives and friends to office should go
unchallenged. Having corrected it, that is all'
I desire to say on the subject.
The matter under consideration is an appro-
priation of money for the purpose of enabling
the Executive to bring about a reform in our
civil service system. I have already said, so
far as that question is concerned, it is not to
be affected by the particular person wbc has
importuned Departments one way or the other.
The reform would be just as necessary if it had
been true that I had made as many importuni-
ties as anybody else.
It is in the power of the President to intro-
duce any reform that he thinks proper in the
civil service. Wc are somewhat hampered by
the Constitution in the passage of laws on that
subject. The Senator from Indiana made an
argument at one time to show that we had no
authority to pass such a law as I introduced
prohibiting the interference of members of
Congress with the appointing power.
The Senator from Wisconsin, I think, the
other day held that confining the Executive to
the appointment of one of three persons who
pass an examining board was of doubtful con-
stitutionality. But the President is hampered
by no such constitutional provision. That
instrument vests the appointment of officers
in the President of the United States by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, or
else it authorizes them to be vested by law in
the President alone, or in the heads of Depart-
ments, or the courts of law. Congress has
thought proper to surrender up to the Exec-
utive all the power it has in regard to regulat-
ing appointments. If we cannot interfere with
the discretion of. the President to nominate
whom he pleases for office, if we cannot
limit the range of those from whom he is to
select, he himself certainly has a right to adopt
regulations on that subject for his own gov-
ernment. It is competent for the President
of the United States to adopt a rule declaring
that he will not appoint any person a post-
master or nominate any one lor postmaster
unless he receives the vote of a majority of
those doing business where the post office is
established.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allow
