668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
January 29,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly I
yield to the Senator from South Carolina.
Mr. ROBERTSON. With due deference
to the suggestion of the Senator from Illinois
I will:yield to-day, and I ask unanimous con-
sent that the vote be taken on the amnesty
bill and all pending amendments to it at three
o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] in his seat
objects to the letter part of the proposition.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Then I shall have to
object to this. ,
Mr. MORMLL, of Vermont. Then I move
to lay theamnesty bill on the table.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
not debatable.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator to in-
dulge me in a question before the motion is
put.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I rise to ask a question
for information. I have heard it said—my
recollection is the reverse—that there was
unaninjous consent that the amnesty bill
should stand for some purpose to-day. I want
to know whether I am right in supposing that
the motion was to make it a special order for
to-day, and1 that that motion prevailed ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. By unani-
mous consent.
Mr. CONKLING. But the motion was to
make it a special order for to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was, which
motion prevailed without dissent, by unani-
mous oonsont.
Air. StiliKMAN. I stated at the same time
that making it a special order would not give
it any advantage, and that it would be very
likely to be crowded out by the unfinished
business.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont has moved to lay the bill on the
table, which is not debatable as he insists on
the motion.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senator to with-
draw it for a moment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No, sir; I
shall withdraw it for no one except the Sen-
ator from Minnesota, [Mr. Ramsey.] As he
made the motion to adjourn over on Friday, I
Bhnll yield to him.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have only this to say in
regard to that motion : I acted under the general
impression of the Senate that " to-morrow "
meant the next business day, and I supposed
the Senator from Illinois simply desired to
secure preference for the bill he then had in
charge; and acting under that impression, I
moved that the Senate adjourn until Monday,
supposing he had secured that object, and the
Senate very well understood it. There was
not a yea and nay vote, but there was a vote
taken on the motion, and it was almost unani-
mous in favor of it. There were but three or
four votes on the other side.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Vermont now yield to the Senator
from Massachusetts?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I insist on
my motion.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask my friend from
Vermont to withdraw the motion for a single
moment until I can make a suggestion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. We have
already wasted half an hour.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not want to make
a speech.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have already
said that I could not yield. '
1 he VICE P RES ID EN I\ The Senator from
Vermont declines to yield, and the Chairmust
therefore submit the question on his motion
that the bill be laid on the table, it not being-
debatable under the rules.
Mr. ROBERTSON. On that motion I call"
for the yeas and nays. ■
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 81; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atues, Anthony, Caldwell, Car-
penter, Clayton, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Edmunds,
Fenton, Ferry of Michigan, Frelingtiuysen, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Morrill of
Vermont, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Ram-
sey, Scott, Sherman, Windom, and Wright—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Bo reman, Casserly,
Davis ot Kentucky, Davis ot West Virgin^, .Gold-
thwaitc, Hamilton of Maryland, Hill, Hitchcock,
Johnston. Kellogg, Kelly, Lewis, Norwood, Pool,
Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sehurz. Speneer,
Sprague, Stevenson, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner,
Thurtnan, Tipton. Trumbull, West, and Wilson—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Cameron. Chandler. Cooper, Cragin, Ferry of
Connecticut, Flanagan, Howe, Logan, Morrill of
Maine, Morton, Pratt, llice, and Vickers—16.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Theamnesty bill
(H. R. No. 380) remains before the Senate,
the pending question being on the motion of
the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Robert-
son,] to postpone it, and take up House bill
No. 1050, on the same subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now appeal to the Sen-
ator from South Carolina to let the amnesty
bill go over until to-morrow, occupying the
same position as it would if taken up to-day,
and let us go on with the apportionment bill.
There is great anxiety to dispose of that bill.
Mr. ROBERTSON. 1 consentwiththeunder-
standing that the amnesty bill be taken up as
soon as the apportionment bill is finished, so
as to be the unfinished business.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is unanimous consent
asked for anything?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is by tbe
Senator from Illinois.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I object. It is use-
less to have any unanimous consents here.
Mr. WILSON. I move, then, that the am-
nesty bill be assigned for to-morrow at one
o'clock, with the understanding that the vote
shall not be taken to morrow upon the sub-
ject, but that it shall go over until the day
after, so as to put it just where it was.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
in order. The bill is now a special order and
will retain its speciality, to whatever time it
may be postponed, with the understanding
that it will require unauimous consent to fix a
time for taking the vote. The motion to post-
pone requires only a majority vote; and, if
postponed, the bill still retains its charactcr
as a special order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do I understand that
it will occupy the same position to-morrow
that it occupies to-day, if we now postpone it
until to-morrow ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will. By the
strict rule tbe Chair will state that the cus-
toms bill, having been made the special order
at an earlier time, would be first in order if the
Senator from New York [Mr. Fenton] de-
manded that it should be called up; but as it
was not so understood the Chair did not him-
self call it up, but called up the amnesty bill
and the apportionment bill as the two bills
specially assigned by .the Senate apparently
for to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I understand that
if it is now moved that the amnesty bill be
postponed until to-morrow at one o'clock and
that motion prevails, it will to-morrow be
called up, having the same rights thatitwould
have to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
call it up to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I suggest to my
friend from South Carolina to allow that
motion to be made, that the bill be postponed
until to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless the Sen-
ate adjourn upon something else to-night, if
that motion prevails the amnesty bill will be
the special order to-morrow ; but if any unfin-
ished business be left to-day it will have priority
of course.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We can guard against
that. •
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves that the amnesty
bill, which is now the special order, be post-
poned until to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. HILL. 1 inquire what will be the effect,
in ease we give way to the apportionment bill,
if that bill should not be disposed of before
to-morrow at one o'clock?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would remain
the unfinished business if the Senate should
adjourn on it to-night. If they do not comply
with the understanding that the vote be taken
at four o'clock: that is, if they should adjourn
at half past three, or should adjourn in the
midst of taking the vote, it would be the unfin-
ished business, and would come up at one
o'clock to morrow. The unfinished business
pending to-night has precedence to-morrow
over special orders for that day.
Mr. CONKLING. The pending motion is
a motion to postpone one amnesty bill. Now,
if we postpone .the whole subject until one '
o'clock to-morrow, what is then tbe first ques-
tion?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is to postpone
and take up—to postpone all orders and take
up the other amnesty bill.
Mr. CONKLING. So that the thing now
to be postponed is the motion to postpone?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is tbe bill and
the motion which appertains to it. All are
postponed together.
Mr. THURMAN. I rise to suggest whether
it would not be better by common consent to
pass over the amnesty bill informally and pro-
ceed with the apportionment bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT, The Senator
from Vermont objected to that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg pardon of the Chair.
The Senator from South Carolina objected most
peremptorily and against the appeals of his
friends to it; I had not the least objection.
Then my colleague moved to lay that bill on
the table. Now, the Senate having refused
to lay it on the table, and declined, therefore,
to do that, 1 object to any other course than
the parliamentary one being taken.
The VICE PRESIDENT The Chair did
not name all the objections. He named the
latter one, which he supposed was the objec-
tion of the Senator from Vermont. However,
he will qualify it as now stated by the Senator,
that other objections were made ; but the Sen-
ator from Vermont made the latest objection
against the amnesty bill being passed over in-
formally. Doeshe withdraw that objection now?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir.
Th#VICE PRESIDENT. Therefore, the
question recurs on the motion of the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] which is
to postpone the further consideration of the
amnesty bill until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HODSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1060) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June30, 1873, and for other purposes; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1071) making appropria-
tions for the payment of invalid and other
pensions of the United States for the year
ending June 30, 1873.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the
