1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4253
the manner before mentioned, is hereby authorized,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to repay to the person or persons enti-
tled thereto a sum of money equal to that originally
paid by the purchaser of the land so recovered if
the same has been paid into the Treasury, or to any
person legally .authorized to receivethesameiorthe
united States."
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move to amend
the amendment of the House of Representa-
tives in section seven, line four, afies the word
"cemeteries," by inserting "or for the burial
of the dead;" and after the word " purposes,"
in the same line, inserting "or which have been
set apart for any such purpose," and striking
out after the word " light-house," in line nine,
the following words:
Or the lot in the town of Beaufort, in saiii State,
designated on the £>iat of the late commissioners of
direct taxes for said State as lot E, block sixty-one.
So that, as amended, the seventh section will
read:
That the provisions of this act shall not be con-
strued to apply to or embrace any lands, farms, plant-
ations, or lots which are now in whole or in part
used or occupied by the United States for national
cemeteries or lor the burial of the dead, or other pub-
lic purposes, or which have been set apart for any
such purpose, orwhich under the instructions of the
President of the United States have been reserved
for military or naval purposes, or such lots of land
on Hunting Island, South Carolina, as may be neces-
sary as a site for the erection of a light-house.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
that if the Senator thinks that makes it clearer.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. Now, in section eight there
is a reference to the " plat aforesaid " which
is only mentioned in section seven and in the
part stricken out. There will have to be a
verbal correction there. There should be
simply a reference in section eight to the plat,
described in the part of section seven which
has been stricken out.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from South
Carolina himself proposed the clause which
was inserted here, and which is now stricken
out; but I have no objection to striking it out.
Mr. SAWYER. In regard to the remark
made by my friend from Ohio, I will say that
it was a lot excepted Irom the provisions of
the bill at my request, because I had a com-
munication from Beaufort to the effect that the
building was used for public offices, and it was
desirable to retain it tor that purpose. I find
it is only used for an assistant assessor, and
that assistant assessor will probably go out of
office in a shoHtime, and it is useless to retain
it lor that purpose. The custom-bouse is at
another place ; the post office is at another
place. The property is worth ten or twelve
thousand dollars, and it is hardly worth while
to retain it for that purpose as I have learned
since. The correction I have just suggested
is necessary by having stricken out the descrip-
tion of the plat in the seventh section, and in
the eighth section the words " plat aforesaid "
are used. Therefore it is not necessary to de-
scribe in the seventh section the plat used by
the commissioners.
Mr. POMEROY. That verbal correction
can be made by the Secretary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The arnend-
will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is in
the eighth section, line three, to strike out the
word "aforesaid" before "plat," and insert
"of the late commissioners of direct taxes of
said State so as to read:
That the premises known and designated as block
one hundred and twenty-three on the plat of the
late commissioners of direct taxes for said State, now
occupied as a court-house, &e.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment of the
House of Representatives, as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
EISK UNIVERSITY.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senate to take up
a little bill from the House, No. 2130, to au-
thorize an appointment in ihe inspector gen-
eral's department of the Army. 1 think there
will be no objection to it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like the Sena-
tor's permission to make a statement in regard
to the bill to ihe consideration of which 1 ob-
jected awhile ago, the Uill reported by' the
Senator from Kansas.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. CASSERLY. I shall not object to the
consideration of it by the Senate ; yet I wish
to say that having made inquiries as to the
character of the land embraced in the bill, I
am satisfied that it is a very valuable piece of
land, perhaps in the very best part of the city
of Nashville, not merely in its vicinity as de-
scribed in the bill. The question is whether
the Senate will lay that as a gift at the feet of
the institution mentioned in the bill. I think
it is too valuable for that. The bill also is
very vague, for it speaks of the land being
"used for educational purposes." That might
mean a play-ground. It does not provide that
any buildings are to be put upon it, nor that
any really essential use shall be made of it.
Mr. POMEROY. The trustees are prepar-
ing to put up an institution there. The land
cost the Government, with the buildings,
$30,000, although it is said that was a large
price ; but that is what I am told the Govern-
ment paid for the land ; they used it as a sort
of fort during the war and then abandoned it.
The Fisk University Association are raising
money throughout the country now to build a
splendid building upon it; and this bill is to
donate the land for that purpose. It does not
give the title absolutely, but donates it to the
Fisk University so long as they use it for edu-
cational purposes. If they ever cease so to use
it, it reverts to the Government. They have
no fee in the soil that they can dispose of. I
should like to have the vote on the passage of
the bill unless the Senator objects.
Mr. CASSERLY. No, 1 say I withdraw
my objection to the present consideration of
the bill. I merely state the objections to it
that I have ascertained to exist.
Mr. SHERMAN. This gives to an institu-
tion of learning property worth about thirty
thousand dollars, in Nashville, that is nolonger
needed for Government uses, as I understand.
Mr. POMEROY. That is what it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Massachusetts give way for this
bill?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 2862) to
confirm the purchase by the executive depart-
ment of three acres of laud, more or less, in
the vicinity of Nashville, Tennessee, known
as the site of Fort Houston, and to donate and
convey the same to the Fisk University, for
educational purposes.
The bill confirms the purchase from Russell
Houston, by order of the executive depart-
ment of the United States, of the tract of land
known as the site of Fort Houston, situate in
the suburbs of Nashville, Tennessee, contain-'
ing three acres, more or less, which was con-
veyed by Houston to the chief engineer of
the Army of the United States for the soleand
exclusive use and benefit of the United States
of America by his deed executed on the 21st
day of August, 1865, and donates the tract to
the Fisk University at Nashville for educa-
tional purposes. But no further expense rela-
tive thereto is to be incurred by the United
States ; and whenever the tract shall cease to
be used for educational purposes by the Fisk
University, it shall revert to the United States.
The right to use the tract of land for military
purposes, in case of necessity, is reserved to
the United States.
Mr. COOPER. I move to amend the bill
by striking out the following proviso:
And provided further, That whenever said tract
of land shall cease to be used for educational pur-
poses by the said I'isk University, the said tract of
land shall ievert to the United States.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand the object
of the Senator is to give the title in fee.
Mr. COOPER. Absolutely to the university.
Mr. CASSERLY. With all respect to the
Senator from Teunessee,] wish' to say that this
is a general question ; it respects the prop-
erty of the United States, and we have to deal
with it as such. I think this is the very first
time I ever heard the proposition as to a con-
veyance of land by the Government for spe-
cific uses, that the conveyance should be un-
conditional. The rule always is where you
convey to specific uses, whether they are edu-
cational, or eleemosynary, or otherwise, that
the conveyance is on the condition that when-
ever the land is diverted from those uses it
shall revert to the grantor. I know of no rea-
son why that should not be done here. Does
the Fisk University desire, to make a profit
out of this transaction? If it is conveyed to
them in fee they can dispose of it to-morrow
and put the money in their pockets. Is that
the object? I think if the Senate of the United
States is disposed to give this beautiful and
desirable piece of ground, as I understand it
to be. to this university for educational pur-
poses, it should remain for those purposes for
all time, an attractive addition to this univer-
sity.
Mr. WILSON. If there is to be debate I
must insist on my motion. 1 hope the Sena-
tor from Tennessee will withdraw his amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Massachusetts yielded, and this bill
is before the Senate, and must be disposed of.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator _ from
Tennessee insists oil his amendment it will
cause debate, and I ask to have the bill lie on
the table.
' The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Kansas moves that the bill lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
INSPECTOR GENKRAL'S DEPARTMENT.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up House
bill No. 2138.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 2136) to authorize an
appointment in the Inspector General's depart-
ment. By its terms the President is authorized
to nominate, and, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to appoint Nelson II.
Davis, of the Inspector General's department,
to the rank and place therein to which he is
entitled, and which he would have held had
the law of promotions by seniority under ihe
act of March 3, 1851, and the Army regula-
tions of 1863 been carried out. But no officer
in that department is by this act to be reduced
from his present grade, nor is any pay or
allowance to be made to any officer under it,
except from the date of his confirmation ; and
no promotion to the grade of Inspector General
is hereafter to be made until the number of
inspectors general is reduced to four.
Mr. THURMAN. I did not hear the bill
read.
Mr. WILSON. We have passed the pro-
vision once and the Senator advocated it; lint
it was on another bill. The House have sent
it here by itself. It is the bill for General
Davis.
Mr. THURMAN. I am in favor of that.
Mr. WILSON. It went on to another bill.
The House would not pass the other part of
the bill, and they have sent an independent
bill.
Mr. THURMAN. To the same effect as
that we passed?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. Then it is all right.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
