1872.
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3357
tion, and when they operate within their sphere
I sustain them.
Mr. STEWART. I am willing that any
committee that will make a good corporation
shall report a bill on this subject, but I must
object to any more corporations formed by the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SCOTT. I believe the motion is to
proceed to the consideration of my bill, and
not the general territorial bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This debate is
going Oil by unanimous consent. The Chair
supposed that these Senators rose incidentally
to object, although the debate passed into a
colloquy about the two committees. The
Chair hears no objection to the request of the
Senator from Pennsylvania.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 984) granting the right
of way through the public lands to the Denver
and Rio Grande Railway Company. It pro-
poses to grant the right of way over the pub-
lic domain, one hundred feet in width on each
side of the track, together with such public
lands adjacent thereto as maybe needed for
depots, shops, and other buildings for railroad
purposes, and for yard-room and side-tracks,
not exceeding forty acres at any one station,
and not more than one station in every five
miles, and the right to take from the public
lands adjacent thereto stone, timber, earth,
water, and other material required for the con-
struction and repair of its railway and tele-
graph line to the Denver and Rio Grande
Railway Company, a corporation duly created
under the incorporation laws of the Territory
of Colorado, its successors and assigns; and
all the rights, powers, and franchises conferred
by those laws on coporations created under
them for constructing and operating railroad
and telegraph lines are ratified and confirmed
to the company, its successors and assigns;
and the same rights, powers, and franchises
conferred by the general incorporation laws of
the Territory of Colorado for the construction
of railroads and telegraph lines are granted
to the company, its successors and assigns, for
the extension and operation of its railway and
telegraph line in and through any contiguous
Territory of the United States to the northern
boundary line of Mexico, subject to compli-
ance with the conditions and requirements of
the general incorporation laws of such Terri-
tory so far they are applicable and not incon-
sistent with the laws of the United States;
and the same rights, powers, and privileges
conferred upon the Union Pacific Railroad
Company by section three of an act approved
July 2, 1864, are conferred upon the above-
named company, its successors and assigns.
_ Mr. SCOTT. There is an amendment which
it has been deemed necessary to put on as a
protection at the end of the bill requiring the
application for damages to be made in certain
counties.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows:
Provided, That applications for the assessment of
damages shall be made to the court or any judge of
a court having jurisdiction in the county in which
the lands or premises lie.
Mr. POMEROY. This bill provides that
the same rights, powers, and privileges that
are contained in the third section of the Pa-
cific railroad act shall be enjoyed by this com-
pany. I do not know what those are.
_ Mr. SCOTT. That third section simply pro-
vides for the mode in which damages shall be
assessed where private property is taken.
_ Mr. POMEROY. I did not know but that
it related to grants.
Mr. SCOTT. Not at all.
Mr. POMEROY. It merely relates to the
manner of condemning private property.
Mr. SCOTT. That is all.
The amendment was agreed to.
, Mr. TRUMBULL. It strikes me that this
is very dangerous legislation. If I understand
this bill, having only heard it read at the desk,
it makes valid a corporation created by the
1 erritory of Colorado; makes it, in fact, a cor-
porate n created by the Congress of the United
States. The Senator from. Pennsylvania may
know, and I suppose does know, what that
charter is ; I am sure the Senate does not. I
dp not like this species of legislation by which
bills are called up by unanimous consent and
the Congress of the United States declares
valid an incorporation created by some terri-
torial Legislature of which we know nothing,
and created without authority of law, for I pre-
sume the territorial Legislature of Colorado
had no authority under its organic act to create
this corporation. I do not, know how that is,
but I assume that that power is not conferred
upon the territorial Legislature. Now, shall
we pass bills of this kind without knowing
what they are? I think we ought to have
before us this charter, and know what it is if
we are going to pass such laws at all. I regard
it as extremely dangerous to be enacting
statutes of this character. I do not think we
ought to pass one of them.
Mr. SCOTT. If the Senator from Illinois
will give me his attention I think a very brief
explanation will satisfy him. In 1867 a law was
passed by Congress providing that territorial
Legislatures should not grant special charters
of incorporation, but that they might pass
general laws for the incorporation of man-
ufacturing, miniDg, and other industrial cor-
porations. The_ Territory of Colorado, as
many other Territories, in pursuance of that
act,_ did pass general laws; and they, sup-
posing that that act of Congress, under the
term "other industrial corporations," em-
braced railroad corporations, passed also a
general railroad law. Under the supposition
that that general railroad law conferred the
power, an association was formed for the pur-
pose of building a narrow-gauge railway from
the city of Denver southward to the northern
boundary of Mexico, and they have proceeded
and built one hundred miles of it. They have
procured capital upon the supposition that
their charter was valid, and are still pro-
gressing with their road. The question now
arises whether that charter is valid or not,
and they come here to have it legalized. So
far as the law which was passed by the Terri-
tory of Colorado was concerned, it was based
upon the general railroad law of New York,
and upon a careful examination of the pro-
visions of that law nothing objectionable was
found in it. This bill will only have the effect
of legalizing that corporation, which has
already expended a large amount of money,
and of giving it the right to have the damages
for private property assessed in the manner
provided by that third section referred to.
That is the whole of it.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and
wilkin biesterfeldt.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Kansas to some rail-
road bills, which 1 think will take but three
or four minutes. There is no land grant in
them. They let our people out from El
Paso east and south, and the parties interested
are very anxious to have them disposed of.
Mr. POMEROY. I was very anxious to
get them up, but as the Senate gave us part
oif the day on Thursday next for bills from
the Committee on Public Lands, I thought I
would not call them up until Thursday. I am
very glad the Senator has spoken of it, and
on Thursday next I hope to pass them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate re-
sumes the consideration of the amendment to
the enforcement law.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the Senator from
California proceeds, there is a bill reported
from the Committee on Finance at the request
of the German Government, in behalf of one
of its citizens who lost some bonds by fire,
which presents a very clear and positive case,
and if the Senator will allow me I should like
to have it disposed of.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 1071)
for the relief of the heirs of Wilken Biester-
feldt, late of Sipitzendorf, Germany, was read
the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to issue and deliver to the
envoy and minister plenipotentiary of the
German empire to the United States, for the
use of the legal representatives of Wilken Bies-
terfeldt, late of Spitzendorf, Germany, dupli-
cate bonds of the United States of series
two, No. 23043 for $1,000; series two, No.
40573, for $500; series two, No. 736, for
$100; series four, No. 11050, for fifty dollars ;
series two, No. 35518, for $1,000; series two,
No. 7753 to 7756, (each fifty dollars,) $200;
which bonds were destroyed by fire in Spit-
zendorf on the 5th of April, 1870, and he is
to pay to such envoy in gold, for the same, the
interest accruing on the bonds since the pay-
ment of the last coupons presented.
The bill was reported to the Senate With-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
amendatory enforcement act.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (S. No. 791) to amend an act entitled
" An act to amend an act approved May 31,
1870, entitled 'An act to enforce the rights of
citizens of the United States to vote in the
several States of the Union, and for other pur-
poses,' " the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Casserly, to add additional
sections to the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
read the unanimous order of the Senate
adopted pending the adjournment on Satur-
day evening:
"That at two o'olock on Monday the Senate pro-
ceed to vote on the bill and amendments whiob. may
be pending, and that on amendments offered after
that time thero shall bo five minutes dobate thereon
by any Senator ; that is, one five-minutes speech on
each amendment by any Senator."
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I should
be very glad to yield further, but really the
time now remaining is so short as greatly to
interfere, if not with my discussion of the
subject now before the Senate, at least with
the discussion by any other Senator.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow
me to suggest an informal amendment to this
bill to be voted upon after two o'clock ?
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. There was an amendment
offered by the Senator from Texas, [Mr. Ham-
ilton,] which was accepted and adopted, pro-
viding that the supervisors to be appointed
under the provisions of this bill should serve
without pay. The vote of the Senate, how-
ever, decided that it was not intended to
extend that to those who. were appointed in
cities having twenty thousand inhabitants or
more. It turns out upon examination that
this amendment virtually repeals the second
section of that act, so that all supervisors will
be appointed under the provisions of this bill.
Therefore, to carry out the vote of the Senate,
1 desire to add to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Texas the words "except those
authorized to be appointed by the act to which
this is an amendment in cities having twenty
thousand inhabitants or more." That will
simply carry out the wishes of the Senate
expressed on the motion of the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. THURMAN. As I understand it, the
amendment of the Senator from Texas only
applies to the commissioners appointed under
this bill, and leaves the commissioners ap-
pointed under the original act to receive their
pay.
Mr. MORTON. The difficulty is this: this
