1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2461
Mr. STEWART. I hare no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the bill
will continue: " but where said claims cannot
be conformed to, the legal subdivisions, sur-
vey and plat shall be made as on uusurveyed
lands," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I offer the following
amendment, to come in at the end of section
one:
And all moneys received by the United States
from the sales of mineral lands shall be set aoart
by the Secretary of the Treasury as a separate find,
to be known as the mineral lands fund, to be appro-
priated in developing and fostering the mining
interests which Congress shall hereafter direct.
I believe that is acceptable to the members
of the committee who are present.
Mr. POMEROY. That is introducing anew
thing into a bill of this kind. It is introduc-
ing a system that the proceeds of the sales of
mineral lands shall be devoted to a specific
object. I have no objection if the Senator
will amend his amendment so as to say that
the money shall be appropriated as Congress
may hereafter direct. The Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Morrill] has a bill pending here
which will be called up in a few days giving
the proceeds of the public lands for educational
purposes. I am willing that the proceeds of
mineral lands shall be appropriated as Con-
gress may direct, but not be appropriated in
this bill for any specific object. .
Mr. CASSERLY. Thewholesubjectisunder
the control of Congress. I have ascertained that
the amount thus far received from the source
indicated, that is, the sale of mineral lands,
is by no means large. I wish it were larger.
It is in the neighborhood of $50,000. The
object of the amendment, of course, is directed
to the fostering and developing of the mining
interests of the country. That is a very great
interest. No man who has not taken the
trouble to ascertain something with regard to
the mineral deposits that lie to a fabulous
extent and value between the Mississippi river
and the Sierra Nevada can form even a faiut
conception of the importance of that interest.
The new ore which has been discovered in
such immense beds there, which is known as
a base ore, which contains silver in great
quantities and gold also, though in lesser quan-
tities, is difficult of reduction. A source of
wealth, such as would tax the credulity of
the most credulous, lies there waiting for some
development with the aid of the fostering hand
of the General Government, so far as it may
properly extend the hand. It seems to me there
can be no objection to permitting the moneys
received from the sales of the mineral lands
to be set apart as a fund having in view that
purpose. The whole subject remains, of
course, under the direction of Congress to
make whatever other disposition Congress sees
fit to make of it.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest that instead
of calling it a "mineral lands fund " I would
call it " mineral land fund," and then say '• to
be appropriated as Congress may hereafter
direct."
Mr. CASSERLY. I accept the first amend-
ment, which is an amendment of language.
If there ia any serious objection to the lan-
guage criticised by the Senator from Kansas,
of course I shall not insist upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California accepts the modification.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
the development of our mineral industry. I
desire to see the prosperity of the mineral as
well as the agricultural States ; but I am un-
willing to set the example of setting aside in
this country specific funds for any purpose in
the world. We have no specific fund now by
law except the naval pension fund, and that
has always been a delusion. There is no
other fund provided by law of any character
or description. Our taxes from whatever
souice they come, our revenues from what-
ever source derived, all go into the common
Treasury, and are paid out of the common
fund. We have always refused to adopt the
English system where specific funds are set
aside for specific purposes. Here all the
money collected, whether from the sale of
lands or the collection of taxes of any kind
whatever, or from any source, goes into the
common Treasury, and can only be paid out
by a direct appropriation made by law.
The establishment of special funds has been
resisted at every stage of our Government.
There is scarcely a source of taxation that, from
time to time, has not been proposed to be set
aside for some specific purpose; but Congress
has uniformly resisted it from the foundation
of the Government to this time, the only ex-
ception being the case of the naval pension
fund, which, for special reasons, was set aside
for the payment of pensions to officers and
sailors of the Navy, and even that is a delu-
sion. That fund has been accumulated sim-
ply as a mode of keeping the account, until it
is now far beyond the necessities of the pur-
pose for which it was originally set aside, and
it has been reduced to a fund bearing three
per cent, interest, and is merely nominally
kept on the hooks of the Treasury rather as a
matter of pride than for any useful purpose.
I trust the Senator from California will not
change this policy, and when the subject shall
come up hereafter of setting aside the whole
proceeds of public lands for education I trust
he and other Senators will see that if this thing
is done it ought to be done directly, not indi-
rectly. We cannot divide the money of the
Treasury into various funds. It is a mere
complication of accounts without any bene-
ficial purpose. Why should the proceeds of
the mineral lands be set aside for the benefit
of the mineral States rather than the proceeds
of the whisky tax be set aside for the State of
Ohio, where a great part of it is collected?
Why should not the money derived from cus-
toms be set aside for some interest of New
York because the great body of the custom
duties are collected m the State of New York?
Why should the proceeds of public lands be
set aside to the western States because the
lands lie in the West? If any object of public
expenditure appeals to Congress as proper and
just, let it be paid out of the common Treas-
ury, the proceeds of the common revenue of
the United Stales.
I, for one, while I have no objection to the
passage of this mining bill in any form its
friends may put it in, provided it will lead to
the proper disposition of the mining lands,
am certainly opposed to any reservation of
the funds derived from mining lands for any
local purpose.
Mr. POMEROY. The amendment I have
suggested is that it shall be called a fund, and
appropriated as Congress may direct hereafter.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then what is the object
of it? If it is intended for any purpose to
make a specific pledge to the people of the
United States that the money received from
this source of revenue shall always be applied
to a particular purpose, what is the use of it ?
The time may come when we shall appropriate
twenty times this fund for the benefit of the
mining interests and for the promotion of
mining schools; the time may come when the
rich resources flowing to the Treasury from
the sale of our mines at the rates now fixed
by law may be far beyond the interest of this
local community. Why, therefore, set aside
this fund ? It can do no good. It is only set-
ting aside a specific sum of money which will
be aimed at hereafter hy persons who desire
to pass appropriations that would not meet the
sanction of Congress.
I shall feel it my duty, rather than to set
the example (which has been resisted time out
of mind from the foundation of the Govern-
ment to this time) of setting aside special
funds, to call for the yeas and nays and divide
the Senate, though I do not wish to interfere
with the passage of this bill. I assure the
Senator from California that the object be con-
templates will not be promoted by such a
proposition. If there is any proper subject of
expenditure with regard to the mining inter-
ests, if there is any mode of developing the
interests of the miners in the western States,
I am sure Congress will not be illiberal to
them because they are now feeble and thinly
populated. On the contrary, the appropria-
tions for the Territories have always been far
in excess of the receipts; and no good can
come of this. It will give no more money to be
devoted to our expenditures in that region of
the country, while by setting aside a fund we
should be setting an evil example which would
be followed in a few days by the plausible
proposition of my honorable friend fiotn Ver-
mont, who proposes to take the whole pro-
ceeds of the public lands and to apply tliem
for educational purposes, probably to cure
some little doubt about our constitutional
power to appropriate for specific purposes and
for local interests.
I trust, therefore, the Senator from Cali-
fornia will forego this amendment, and let the
bill pass in the shape in which it stands, and
reserve this question of appropriation for the
mineral interests or for mining purposes until
the proper appropriation bills as they come up
from time to time.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I of
course had no such familiarity with the sub-
ject of the financial administration of this
Government as that enjoyed by the Senator
from Ohio. It seems to me,- however, as the
amendment now stauds, that he has taken
alarm rather at a name than at a substance.
The whole effect of this amendment as it now
is is to place in a separate fund, with a dis-
tinct appellation, all the moneys received from
the sale of mineral lauds. Those moneys in
that fund are as much wilhiu the control of
Congress as if no such fund had been named
by the law and no such fund created. I sup-
pose that there are precedents, many of the.a,
in the administration of our financial system,
for the principle of this amendment. The
moneys derived from the postal receipts of
the country, for instance, are a fund to pay
the expenses of the Post Office. When you
act upon the theory of applying the receipts
from a partipular source to a particular sub-
ject of Government, it seem to me that the
principle of this amendment is conceded, and
m practice nothing seems to me more just
than that the receipts from a particular source
should be so separated in the keeping of the
accounts that it is easy to know at a glance
what is the product of a particular source of
revenue.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend will allow me
to say that appropriations are made every year
for the Post Office Department. There is no
law putting aside the postal receipts as a spe-
cial fund. The appropriations are made every
year ; there is always a deficiency. It is true
the amount received is paid over to the Post
Office Department, but our appropriations are
annual, and I know of no special fund in our
service except the naval pension fund.
Mr. CASSERLY. It is precisely as I said ;
it is not called by the name of a fund, but the
thing is the same in principle. That is to say,
the moneys resulting from a particular source
of revenue are applied to a specific object;
and that is all there is of the principle of this
amendment. When I proposed it I had no
design of introducing a new, disorganizing,
or mischievous principle into our financial
administration. It seemed to me there could
be no serious objection to setting apart the re-
ceipts from the mineral lands as a fund by
itself m the Treasury to be appropriated here-
after as Congress might direct; and it did not
seem to me that there was any serious objec-
tion to going further and designating it as a
fund for the developmentand the fosteiing of
the mineral interests of the country.
I do not represent any portion of that won-
