1566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
we can regulate it, and always have regu-
lated it.
Mr. CARPENTER. Not to regulate. We
may pass such laws as are necessary to enable
the President to exercise the power of appoint-
ment, buttbe Constitution does not read as the
Senator quotes it. The Constitution says that
Congress may make all laws necessary and
proper to carry into effect the operation of
powers vested in the Government and in the
officers of the Government, not to regulate the
exercise of that power by the President. That
is not the way the Constitution reads.
Mr. TR Oil BULL. We may regulate the
exercise of the presidential powers. He is
Commander-in-Chief of the armies of ihe Uni-
ted States; but the President can have no
army unless Congress gives it to liim. We
organize it; we divide it into regiments ; we
regulate how many officers it is to have, and
all these things. The fact that the President
is Commander-in-Chief of the Army of the
United States does not give bim power to raise
armies or to officer armies unless Congress
gives him' that authority. We regulate the
■whole thing.
But this is getting off from the point, 1 am
discussing. Whether Congress could pass a
law punishing a man for voting twice at an
eleciion for postmaster is not the question be-
fore us. The Senator says we cannot pass a
law to regulate such an election, because the
power of appointment is iu the President. I
answer, if the power is in the President, the
President can make a regulation to regulate it,
because we have given him tlie power to do it.
Now, I will answer the Senator's practical
question, how you are to have an eleciion in
Milwaukee. The President of the United
States lias got a commission here. I do not
know that that would be the best way to do it,
but he may send any three of this commission
to Milwaukee and direct them to give twenty
or thirty days' notice that an election will be
held for the purpose of ascertaining ihe wishes
of the people in that city in regard to the per-
son they will have for postmaster, and he may
tell these commissioners, " You will not receive
any vote unless evidence is furnished to you
tliat the person who offers it is twenty-one
years of age, is a voter under the laws of Wis-
consin, and is in the habit of receiving his
mail at the Milwaukee post office."' The com-
missioners will then decide whose votes to
receive under the rules prescribed for their
government. If men from Madison offer to
vote, as the Senator says, these commissioners
will not receive or count their votes. The re-
sult will be that they will make a return of
such votes as are cast by such persons as are
entitled to vote under the regulations adopted,
and the President then, if he thinks proper,
may nominate the person receiving the highest
number of votes to the Senate for postmaster.
It is not necessary to have a law making it
a crime to vote twice in order to have an elec-
tion. It is only in the great cities where
double voting takes place, where there is any
attempt to vote twice. In nine hundred and
ninety out of one thousand of the localities in
•which there are post offices in this country, in
the rural districts, the voting would be fair..
There would be no attempt at double voting,
and there would be no difficulty in ascertaining
in the small towns and country places who
the choice of the people was. If the President
thinks proper, he may establish regulations
which will virtually lead to an electiou of
postmasters, that is, to allowing the selection
to be made according to the wishes of the peo-
ple, instead of having it made according to the
•wishes of the Representative from the district.
Let the President follow as closely the voice
of the people in reference to their postmasters,
as he now follows the voice of the Representa-
tive from the district, and the people will gen-
erally have the person whom they want for
postmaster.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator
allow me to make a single suggestion at that
point?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. Of course an election
held in that way would be a mere voluntary
caucus. It would have no legal character.
No law could be passed to regulate the exer-
cise of the right of suffrage, to prevent double
voting, and to punish perjury on the part of
those who should offer evidence for qualifica-
tion to vote, or anything else. It would stand
then like any caucus. Now, at a caucus held
in one of the cities of our State, and not a
very large city, last fall this thing occurred :
a gentleman wa  seen coming back from the
polls, and it was suspected that he had been
up several times, and some one said to him,
" How many times have you voted?" He
replied, " I have voted six times." The
other party said, "You ought to be ashamed
of yourself." " Oh," said he, "I do not care
about it; I live in St. Louis." [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, Mr. President,
the more pity for the Senator's constituents.
I think there would be no difficulty in a vast
majority of cases in ascertaining the clear wish
of the people. It might not be advisable to
adopt the elective system in the great city of'
New York, the city of Milwaukee, orother large
cities. Tliey might be excepted from it, if
there is difficulty about eleciious iu them.
But I think there would be no difficulty in pro-
viding for holding such an election in most
places as would fairly ascertain the wishes of
the people in regard to the person whom they
desired for postmaster. Whatever regulations
are necessary to adopt for that purpose, the
President has authority to adopt, and 1 am
willing to give all the necessary means to
enable him to do it.
I do not believe a competitive examination
is a sufficient remedy for the evils complained
of. I know the Senator from Wisconsin has
the happy faculty of making sport of these
examinations, ridiculing them. I think they
may be useful here in the Departments to
some extent. I doubt if they would be useful
in the selection of postmasters. The want of
scholarship is not the great evil.
The President can have no difficulty iu pro-
viding a remedy if the civil service is suscep-
tible of reform, and I have read to you the
testimony, which 1 think cannot be contra-
dicted, to show that gross abuses exist. I say
the whole power is now, by the law which we
passed a year ago, vested in the President to
correct those abuses, and I want to see it
done. I do not know what sum is required to
accomplish it. The President thinks some-
thing is necessary, but whatever may be needed
1 believe it an economical appropriation, and
that we will save it a hundred fold in correct-
ing the abuses that have crept into the civil ser-
vice through the improper appointments that
have been made under our present system.
Mr. President, so far from this reform being
an injury to the President, if he would pro-
claim a regulation to morrow that henceforth
no person would be appointed to office in this
country who obtained the recommendation
of a member of Congress, it would break up
this whole system of dependence of memhers
upon Departments and Departments upon
members. And if ho would add to that an-
other rule, that henceforth active interference
in the polities of the country by the officials
of the Government would be regarded as
cause for removal, he would stop these as-
sessments for political purposes, he would
stop the appointments from mere partisan con-
siderations, and men would be appointed to
office because of their qualifications, their fit-
ness, and their integrity. Sir, the issuance
of two such rules as those would enshrine the
President in the hearts of all intelligent and
right-thinking men in the country. It would
elevate patriotism above party and purity
above plunder.
Mr. PRATT. I do not rise, Mr. President,
for the purpose of replying to anything which
has fallen from the distinguished Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Trcmbull,J who has just taken
his seat, but siraply to give to the Senate the
reasons which will control my vote upon the
pending amendment, and I will promise to be
brief.
I shall vote for the appropriation because
the President of the United States asks it, and
because we ought not to turn back at this
early day and confess the experiment of civil
service reform a failure. It has not been
proven a failure yet. It has scarcely been
tested. It is but a year since Congress clothed
the President with power to prescribe such,
rules for admission to the civil service of tha
Government as would best promote its effi-
ciency, and ascertain the fitness of each can-
didate for the branch of service into which he
sought to enter. He has communicated to
Congress, but only in December last, the rules
and regulations devised by the commission he
selected for that purpose. We have scarcely
yet made ourselves familiar with them ; scarcely
have we mastered the report of the eminent
gentlemen, selected by the President, com-
posing the commission, when we are asked to
come to a halt, to go no further in this direc-
tion, nay, to turn back and abandon the un-
tried system.
The scheme which they present, and which
meets the approbation of the President, lias
these leading features: no person is to be
admitted to any position in the civil service
within the appointment of the President or the
heads of Departments who is not a citizen of
the United Siates, who is not competent in
respect to character, health, and age, and
who shall not pass a satisfactory examination
in speaking, reading, and writing the English
language. The positions in each branch of
the civil service are to be grouped according
to the character of the duties to be performed ;
and these groups are to be graded fiom lowest
to highest for the purpose of promotion withm
the groups. When a vacancy occurs in the
lowest grade, it is to be filled, after due public
notice, from such applicants as present them-
selves who have passed a public competitive
examination to test knowledge, ability, and
special qualifications for the performance of
the duties of the office. The board conduct-
ing this examination is required to prepare a
list of the names of the applicants in the order
of-their excellence, beginning with the highest,
and then certify to the nominating or appoint-
ing power the names standing at the head of
the list, not exceeding three, and from the
names thus certified the appointment must be
made. A vacancy occurring in any grade of a
group of offices above the lowest is to be filled
by a similar competitive examination of appli-
cants from the other grades of that group.
These rules do not apply to postmasters whose
salaries are less than two hundred dollars.
The first appointment is for a probationary
term of six months. That passed satisfac-
torily, the officer is to be reappointed. The
President is to designate three persons in each
Department to serve as a board of examin-
ers, which conducts personally, or by persons
approved by the advisory board, all investiga-
tions and examinations for admission into the
Departments or promotions therein.
Omitting details, these are the general fea-
tures of the scheme which the President has
announced will control "his appointments for
the present, until he sees cause to alter or
amend the rules.
Sir, we are all agreed that the old system
of appointments to office had its evils and was
open to the gravest objection. Yet it is a
system which dates back to the origin of the
Government, and with all its evils it must be
admitted that the nation has made wonderful
progress while we have had no better. But
the country generally demands a reform. Yet
all reforms must necessarily be experiments
and progress slowly. The scheme proposed
