4254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
reports of committees.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 902)
making an appropriation for tlie repairs, fur-
nishing, and ornamentation of the United
States custom-house and post office at Bath,
Maine, reported it without amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am also
directed by the same committee, to whom were
referred the bill (H. R. No. 2942) for the con-
struction of a custom-honse, bonded ware-
house, and post office at Port Huron, Michi-
gan, and the bill (H. R. No. 2943) to provide
for the erection of a public building at Nash-
ville, Tennessee, to report them back without
any recommendation, but with a statement
that the committee regard these two as the
most meritorious of any such bills that are
before the committee. We would have re-
ported in favor of them but for the fact that
we have reported so many bills this session
that the Secretary of the Treasury says no
more ought to be passed, as it increases the
amount of labor of that Department and of
the supervising architect of the Treasury to
the full extent of his ability.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, also, from the
same committee, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 776) to provide for a fire-proof build-
ing for post office, United States court and its
offices, pension and internal revenue offices in
the city of Grand Rapids, Michigan, moved its
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to,
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1)1) to provide for
a building for United States courts, post office,
pension and internal revenue ollices at Grand
Rapids, Michigan, moved its indefinite post-
ponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1034) making an
appropriation for a Government building to be
used for a custom-house, post office, and
bonded warehouse at Port Huron, in the State
of Michigan, moved its indefinite postpone-
ment; which was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BUCIQNGUAM asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (fi. No. 118'.)) to amend the act of Febru-
ary 21, W07, entitled "An act to declare the
sense of an act entitled 'An act to restrict the
jurisdiction of the Court of Claims, and to
provide for the payment of certain demands
for quartermaster's stores and subsistence sup-
plies furnished to the Army of the United
States,'" and for other purposes; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. JOHNSTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1100) to relieve J. L. M. Curry from
the disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the select Committee on the Re-
moval of Political Disabilities.
prksidkntial approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. 11 orach Portku, his Secretary,
announced that the President had yesterday
approved and signed the following acts:
An act (S. No. 710) to refund certain duties
paid by the Winona and St. Peters Railroad
Company; and
An act (S. No. 855) to provide for the sale
of the marine hospital and grounds at San
Francisco.
The message also announced that, the Presi-
dent had this day approved and sigued the
following acts:
An acr, (S. No. 13) for the relief of Mrs.
Fanny Kelly;
An act (S. No. 595) to fix the pay of cer-
tain rear admirals on the retired list of the
Navy;
An act (S. No. 608) to correct an error in
the act approved February 24, 1871; and
An act (S. No. 897) in regard to the com-
mencement of increased pay to promoted offi-
cers in the Navy.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhErson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the report
of the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes o f  the two Houses on the bill
(H. R. No. 2322) to reduce duties on imports,
and to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 2968) establishing a post
route in Pennsylvania;
A bill (H. It. No. 2969) to authorize and
direct the Secretary of War to distribute arms
and military equipments under the act of
April 23, 1808, and the acts amendatory
thereof;
A bill (H. R. No. 2970) for the relief
of the widow and children of George Jones,
deceased, of Daviess county, Kentucky;
A bill (H. R. No. 2971) to relieve the
political disabilities of Lucius J. Gartrell, of
Fulton county, Georgia, and other persons
therein named ; and
A bill (II. K. No. 2972) for the relief of
Rafael Madrazo.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Tho message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (H. It. No. 2322) to reduce duties on im-
ports, and to reduce internal taxes, and for
other purposes; and it was thereupon signed
by the Vice President.
TAX AND TARIFF HILL.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following
resolution ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
liemlred. That tliroo thousand copies of the bill
(11. R. No. 2322) to roduco duties on imports, and to
rodiuso internal taxoa, and for other purposes, be
priotod for tlio use of tho Sonato.
HOUSE HILL ItKKKKKKD.
On motion of Mr. CONKLING, the bill (H.
It. No. 18f>0) for tho better security of bank
reserves and to facilitate bank clearing house
exchanges, was read the second time, and
referred to the Committee on Financo.
NEW MUXICO AND GULF RAILWAY.
Mr. SPIIAGUK. I desire now to call up
the New Mexico and Gulf railway bill. The
Senator from Vermont has examined it and
has no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. .An-
thony.) The hour of twelve has arrived, and
it becomes tho duty of the Chair to call up the
unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. SI'RAGUE. I hope that will be laid
aside informally.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have morning business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The morn-
ing hour has expired, and the appropriation
bill is now before the Senate, pending which
the Senator from Rhode Island asks unani-
mous consent to lake up House bill No, 2956,
to authorize the building of the New Mexico
and Gulf railway, and for other purposes, is
there objection ?
Mr. CASSERLY. Let it be read.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Has this bill been re-
ferred to any committee?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has not
been.
Mr. CONKLING. It is new matter to me.
I think it would bear a reference.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands reported a bill like it   year since.
The bill was introduced in both Houses at the
same time. The House committee reported
it and the House passed the bill first.
Mr. CONKLING. Has a bill like this ever
been considered in the Senate?
Mr. POMEROY. It has not been.
Mr. CONKLING. This is the first consid-
eration of it? ■
Mr. POMEROY. It is the first consider-
ation of the subieet.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to look at
this bill; I do not know what it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New York objects.
Mr. CHANDLER subsequently said: I
desire to appeal to my friend from New York
to withdraw his objection to the bill he just
objected to that it may be put on its passage.
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask my friend
from Michigan, does he know what the bill is ?
Has he examined it? Does he know that it
is right ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Upon his responsibility,
then, and not upon mine I withdraw the objec-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New York withdiaws his objection to
the bill (H. R. No. 2956) to authorize the build-
ing of the New Mexico and Gulf railway, and
for other purposes, and it is before the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
jambs c. pickett.
Mr. CA8SERLY. I report from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations the bill (II. it.
No. 2o(!0) authorizing the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury to revise and adjust
the accounts of James C. Pickett, late charg6
d'affaires to Peru. I wish to state that this
bill was left with me by the chairman of the
committee with the request that 1 would
endeavor to secure its consideration when
reported. It is a very short bill.
Mr. COLE. I think that will have to go on
the Calendar.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it go over.
Mr. CASSKRLY. It refers merely to a
loss by difference of exchange whicli was not
fixed in the adjustment of the accounts. This
enables the accounts to be readjusted by
the accounting officers. The whole amount
involved is less than §2,000.
Mr. COLE. I demand the regular order.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 ask my colleague to
let this bill be considered. If the Senate
rejects it, veiy good; I shall have done my
duty. If the objection is persisted in I with-
draw the report, I have just made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The report
will be withdrawn.
civil appropriation bill.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask unanimous consent to
take up a bill.
Mr. COLE. I must insist on the regular
order. We shall lose the whole day if I yield
to one after another.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday is before the Sen-
ate, the civil expenses appropriation bill.
Mr. POIIEROY. To facilitate the passage
of this bill, and to prevent the embarrassment
which I think every Senator before we com-
plete it will find himself in, I presented yes-
terday morning a resolution which applies to
the consideration of this appropriation bill.
I ask that the resolution may be read, and
that we may take a vote upon it without de-
bate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kansas asks that by uuanimous con-
sent the Senate proceed to the consideration
of a resolution which will be read for inform-
ation.
Mr. CASSERLY. I hope the Senator from
Kansas will allow the appropriation bill to be
proceeded with.
Mr. POMEROY. This relates to the appro-
priation bill.
