3358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
bill will affect the second section of that act,
and all supervisor will, in feet, be appointed
under this bill; and as the matter now stands
those appointed in cities having twenty thou-
sand inhabitants or more will not g«jt any
pay. The Senate did not intend to do that, as
was shown by the vote on the amendment on
Saturday. Therefore, I desire to add to that
amendment the words, "except those author-
ized to be appointed by the act to which this
is an amendment in cities having twenty thou-
sand inhabitants or more." That will carry
out the purpose of the vote of Saturday.
Mr. TIICJRMAN. The Senator gives notice
of that amendment?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir, I give notice of
it; that is all.
Mr. THdliMAN. When it comes up I hope
it will be defeated.
Mr. CASSERLY. The amendment which I
sent.to the desk on Saturday was an amend-
ment of two sections. In place of the second
section I have sent up a substitute which I
will ask the Clerk to re«td. After some study
I regard it us much better adapted to carry out
the purpose for which I offered the second
of my two sections.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California modifies his amendment, and
the amendment will be read as modilied.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
udd as additional sections the following :
SKC. —. Tlint it shall not bo liiwiul for any civil,
mihtiiry.or imv.il ollioer oi 1,1 ic United States, or other
person enquired in tho civil, mihtaty, or nnvui sor- !
vie© of tho United Stales, to order, brinjj, keep, or
have undei his uuthoutv or control, any Uoopnor
armed men at tin-. pl.icn whore iiny ^enrrn 1 or ^pt'eial
election is held hi any State oi tin- United States of
America; and that it Miatt not he lawtnl lor any
oillccr ot tho Army or Navy <>t thu United Stales to
proscribe or tix. ot attempt to prescribe or fix, by
proelamat ion, order, or of hcrwNe, t in; qualiiic.it ions
of voting in any iM.'to in the United tH.ites of
A me i tea, oi in any manner to interfere with tho
freedom ol any election in any State, or with tho
oxerriso ot the fi eo rtfdir ot sutlrutfu in any State of
tho United StntcM, Any olheer ot tho Army or Navy
ot the tin ned St at es or ot Iter person en^a^ed m the
civil, nni ltaiy, or naval set vice of the United States,
who viohits tins .seel ion rdi.ill, lot ovety >ueh of-
loiuo. be liab'e to indictment, as toi a misdemeanor
in any coint. in tIf: United Slates having jurisdic-
tion fo hear, try, and determine eases of misde-
meanor, -ind, on eoimehon thereof, shall pay :t
fine not exceeding and sillier tmprison-
juent in t mo penitent lai v, not levs than tlneonor
moi o t h in In e > ear;, :i t the di-ereiion of the court
trying the same; ami any person eonvieted as afote-
Paid tthail, moieovot, be di-qiinlil'n'd liom holding
liny othen of lienor, pi oln, oi nasi under the Gov-
ernment o!' lh<< Un 11 ed Si.it*>*; ho shal I a Iso b(5 liable
in a civil suit to the peison injured m ;i penalty of
$500, which, with any damages accruing, mav
bo rcooviul in anv cucuit court having juii>-
-liotion: I'roiuth <1, That noihin". hert m contained
phall ptevent any otVn-er, soldier, sailor, or tuiirino
Iroui e \.ci eisiuk i ho i iuhl of sutli ago i n any eleetum
d tHt i I'M ! i > whieh h" mav beUmg, it ot hoi wise quali-
fied in cording to the laws oi tho State in which ho
chilli oilVt his vote.
Mr. CASSMULY. That sot-lion 1 propose
to ict.iin, 1ml. 'ti plnee of the s.'cond section 1
offer a new one which the Clerk will be good
enough to read.
The (Unci Clerk read as follows;
Sec. —. That no oll'ieer or person in the civil, mtli-
taiy, ui ria\a! m;i\ici" ot the United States shall,
tin cctiy or mdii eel ty, order or adv i-e, or directly or
indireotlv, by joice, intimidation, coercion, ptom-
iscs. i mi ai df, or an v undue or linpropei in 11 uence or
induoenuMJt, <u m any other maiiiict wiongtully m-
tertcie with, hinder, ltitluence, or control any quali-
fied voUr ot any State oi tho United States in or
about the iu-o c\ci i.-e ot In.-. i ight oi sutli ago aceotd-
ing to law at any geneial or special election m any
iitato, oi attempt so to do, or to that end contrive,
make, distribute, or ciieulaio lor the use oi v o'er^ at
such election mij ballot or paper ticket lor voting
diilctont hum that required by law, or having upon
it, auywheie any tnaik, number, devioo, design,
color, oi other poculiamy w thuift intended or cal-
CtiLilcd to . scei tain how tlic vol or umii? it \otod,nr
othei wise in any m inner to mtcrlere with oi embar-
rass hiui tn the i'i ce exeictiso ot hw right ot sufirage,
or to oi luiputi the -.ceiocy ot tho ballot, or
being of such unu-u.'i  r/.c. shape, oi color as might
be intended or calculated to have tho same result; i
nor ?bai! any such oUieer or prison einplo> any one '
in or upon any u>>rk, labor, oi seivicoot tbe United
States lor the purpose or with (ho view of having
him vote at an\ such elect ion, whether at the place
of such employment or eUewlieie, nor with or upon
any such unUer.-taudtng express or implied. Any
ofiicer or person violating any of the provisions of
this section shall be liable in all respects as provided
in section   of the said act of May 31,1870, to
which act this act is amendatory, and upon judg-
ment civil or criminal against him, shall also be dis-
qualified from holding any office or employment of
honor, trust, or profit under the United States,
Mr. CASSERLYaddressed theSenate. [His
remarks will appear in the Appendix.]
Mr. COLE. The time is very near for taking
the vote; but it will be remembered by the
Senate that a large portion of the time which
was allotted to this discussion this morning
was consumed in the passage of bills with the
consent of my colleague, who has occupied
nearly all the residue of the time which was
to elapse before the voting was to begin. I
should like to offer a few remarks in reply to
what my colleague has said, but I cannot do
it in the two minutes that remain.
Mr. SPUAGUE. I hope the Senator may
have unanimous consent to go on.
Mr. COLE. 1 would not have asked this
privilege but for the manner in which the time
has been occupied.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What length of
time does the Senator desire? An arrange-
ment has been made that at two o' clock, unless
otherwise ordered, the Senate would proceed
to vote.
Mr. COLE. I think ten minutes will be
enough for me.
The VI0li_ PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California desires ten minutes to reply
to his colleague.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 hope there will be no
objection to that.
Mr. STE WART and Mr. SPRAGUE. Say
twenty minutes.
Mr. COLE. I do not wish that. Ten or
fifteen minutes will do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California asks lifteen minutes. Is there
objection? The Chair hears none, and the
limn for taking the vote is therefore extended
until fifteen minutes after two o'clock.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I was absent on
Saturday 011 a conference committee during
the greater part of the day, and therefore did
not know all that was said by my colleague un-
til 1 read it in the Globe since he commenced
the speech whieh he has just concluded. I
lieaid a little of what he said at that time, to
ward the close ot' tho day's business; and
knowing not what he was referiing to, 1 made
the remark that 1 thought he was laboring
under some delusion iu ri'gard to certain elec
lions that had taken place at Vallejo, stating
at the same time that no single person or in-
dividual had made any such complaint to me,
and that I did not know what ground there
was for it. To-day he sets forth his reasons
for the statement he then made, by showing
some ballots that were used or alleged to have
been used at an election or elections at the
town ot Vallejo. Neither my colleague nor
any other person will lead mo into the delu-
sion of defending anything that is not fair,
open, and above-board in elections taking
place anywhere in this country. So far as
there has been anything unfair or unmanly in
the election at Vallejo, I will join with him m
its denunciation. If what he says is true,
there was ground of complaint; but I think
iu some respects he was in error as to the facts.
In ihis I am sure he is in error: he alleges
that the State was scoured for men to be em-
ployed at Mare Island prior to the election 
Sir. CASSERLY. I should have said " the
piincipal cities in the State."
Mr. COLE. Well, the principal cities in
the Stati"; 1 take the amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. Sacramento and San
Francisco chiefly.
Mr. COLE. I controvert that proposition,
because I was clearly in position to know that
such was hardly the case. I was then living
in San Francisco, and know that there was
great demand for labor at the yard for months
piior to the election, and there were from
time to time large discharges of hands from
labor upon the yard, which caused a great deal
of complaint. Having many applications
made to me by persons who wanted employ-
ment there, and who wanted my intercession
with officers of the yard to obtain them em-
ployment and with the Department at Wash-
ington by letter to obtain for them orders foi
employment, I certainly wasuf the impression,
and am still, that there was no necessity for
scouring the cities of the State for laborers, or
for any foreman or officer at Vallejo, or on
the navy-yard making application to persons
desiring employment to be employed on the
yard. I remember distinctly that under their
frequent importunities I did communicate
with the Department at Washington, asking
that some relief be afforded to the laboring
population there, who were placed in distress
by reason of the discharges just about that
time, those discharges taking place buta short
time prior to the election.
My colleague alludes to the number of votes
cast in the county of Solano for three years.
He mentions the vote in 1867, then that in
1868, showing a very considerable growth in
the voting population in that year; and then
he skips over the two following years and gives
the vote of 1871, showing that in that year it
was considerably larger than it was in 1867
and J 808.
Mr. CASSERLY. My colleague knows
why I skipped over 1809 and 1870. There
was no general election in either of those
years. lie knows that. I took the three gen-
eral elections for 1867, 18G8, and 1871, as a
fair test.
Mr. COLE. An election takes place every
two years of some sort. So we could not have
passed over 1809 and 1870 without an election.
-My colleague must certainly know that. But
1 am not to be diverted from what I was about
to say.
He shows that in 1871 the voting popula-
tion of that county had increased over what
it was in 18G7 and 1868. If my colleague
had reflected for a moment, it would have
occurred to him that there was a good cause
for that increase of population in that county.
During that time the town of Vallejo had
become the terminus of the Pacific railroad
and was growing very rapidly. In those years
it had increased in population from, I think,
probably not, more than a thousand or two to
■some six thousand. That will readily account
for the increased number of voters in that
county in 1871 over the number three or four
years prior to that.
Mr. STOCKTON. I should like to ask the
Senator from California a question before he
sits down. I ask him to account for the fact
that the whole increase was Republican. The
increase was over a thousand as I recollect,
but it appeals that the Democratic vote did
not increase at all, bat every new man who
came iu was a Republican.
Mr. COLE. I can readily account for that
on the ground of the better judgment of the
people there. [Laughter.] They had seen,
no doubt, the error of their ways, and many
of ihem were coming over to the Republican
cause. The increase oi population of the
county will account undoubtedly for the in-
crease of votes in the time alluded to.
It is alleged that the elections of the last
year were carried on under the direction of
Government, officials. Mr. President, if that
is the case, I have never heard of it before.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 said the proceedings
in regard to the vote on Mare Island were
under the eyes and with the apparent sanction
ot the administration of the yard.
Mr. COLE. Under their eyes, of course t
Everybody can look on at an election, and
everybody who does not attempt to break it
up is presumed to sanction an election, but I
think my collengtie must draw very largely
upon his imagination if he supposes that the
Government officials proper, at Mare Island
or at Vallejo, interfered at all with the elec-
