1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4255
Mr. CASSERLY. I know ; but it will cer-
tainly lead to a good deal of debate.
Mr. POMEROY. My intention was to have
the sense of the Senate without debate.
Mr. CASSERLY. It is impossible that a
rule which the Senate deliberately made, upon
much debate, for the regulation of the appro-
priation bills for this session, can now be
rescinded at the close of the session without a
great deal of debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California objects to the present consid-
eration of the resolution.
Mr. POMEROY. The object is not to
rescind the rule. It only applies to this ses-
sion of Congress. It never was intended for
the miscellaneous bill; and the very meaning
of the rule in its formation applies only to
those bills upon which something can be ger-
mane 
Mr. THURMAN. I call the Senator to
order. Is that resolution before the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I call the Senator
to order.
Mr. POMEROY. It was on the question
of taking it up. I was giving reasons why it
ought to be taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It required
unanimous consent to proceed to the consid-
eration of the resolution. Objection was made.
Mr. THURMAN. I object.
Mr. RAMSEY. Cannot the bill be laid on
the table for the purpose of taking up the res-
olution?
Mr. POMEROY. I think we had better
take the sense of the Senate in that way.
Mr. RAMSEY. For the purpose of getting
at this resolution of the Senator from Kansas,
I move to lay the appropriation bill upon the
table.
Mr. COLE. I hope not. Let us get through
with the bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. My motion is that the ap-
propriation bill be laid on the table for the
purpose of entering on the consideration of
the resolution of the Senator from Kansas.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I hope that will not
be done.
Mr. CONKLING. Pending that motion,
is it in order to ask what the resolution is?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota moves that the appro-
priation bill be laid on the table, the object
being that he may move to proceed to the con-
sideration of a resolution which will be read
for information.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That in the consideration of the sundry
civil appiopriation bill for this session the restrict-
ive rule confining amendments to matters directly
relating to appropriations in the bill shall not
apply.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. President ■
Mr. COLE. The motion is not debatable.
Mr. STEVENSON. I should be glad if
the Senator from Kansas would state the
object of that resolution.
Mr. POMEROY. It is simply this: there
are several miscellaneous matters or appropri-
ations that do not relate to anything in the
bill, and yet it is quite important that they
should go upon the miscellaneous appropri
ation bill; but under the rule one objection
and the Presiding Officer deciding them out
of order prevents it. In that way we cannot
get the sense of the Senate upon matters of
appropriation on which we ought to have it.
I do not want to interfere with the five-minutes
rule.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask
the Senator if the rule allowing us to lay on
the table any amendment that the Senate sees
proper to so lay on the table will still apply ?
Mr. POMEROY. That will still apply, and
the five-minutes rule.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I have
no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This debate
is proceeding by unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. Tbis resolution rescinds
the whole of the rule.
Mr. POMEROY. No.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The question now is on
the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. POMEROY. I will modify the resolu-
tion 
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not before the Sen-
ate yet.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to lay the pending bill,
being the civil appropriation bill, on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I will only say that I
have done my duty. Senators will find them-
selves embarrassed when they come to move
their amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The appro-
priation bill is before the Senate, and the
pending question is on the amendment of the
Senator from South Carolina to the sixth
section of the bill.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to ask unanimous
consent that a vote be taken on the proposition
submitted yesterday in respect to the submission
of the views of the minority of the Committee
on Investigation and Retrenchment in regard
to the New York custom-house affairs. It was
considerably discussed yesterday, and I be-
lieve the discussion was exhausted. I should
like to have it disposed of now, that we may
know what course to take. I ask that without
debate the vote may now be taken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware asks unanimous consent
to take the vote on the order submitted by him
yesterday.
Mr. POMEROY. I object to any unani-
mous consent about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
is made. The appropriation bill is before the
Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of tlie bill (H. R.
No. 2705) making appropriations for sundry
civil" expenses of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1873, and for other pur-
poses, the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Robertson to the sixth
section of the bill.
The Committee on Appropriations reported
an amendment to strike out section six of the
bill, in the following words:
Sec. 6. That the sum of 8'250,000,or so much thereof
as may be necessary, is hereby appropriated to pay
unsettfed claims against the Government of the Uni-
ted States on account of services rendered ill carry-
ing the mails in the States lately in rebellion pre-
vious to the 31st day of May, A. D. 1861: Provided,
That before any payment shall be made under this
act. satisfactory evidence shall be furnished that no
compensation has been received from any source
for such service.
Mr. ROBERTSON moved to amend the sec-
tion by striking out the proviso ani inserting
"without proof of loyalty, as required by joint
resolution approved March 2, 1867."
Mr. ROBERTSON. By the joint resolu-
tion approved March 2, 1867, all contractors
for carrying the mails throughout the States
then lately in rebellion, before they could re-
ceive their pay from the appropriations for the
mail service, were obliged to give proof of their
loyalty. It is impossible that a railroad com-
pany can prove its loyalty to this Government
or to any party. I am conversant somewhat
with railroad matters. I have been long con-
nected with railroads. I was on the most inti-
mate relations with the president of the prin-
cipal railroad in South Carolina; in fact, the
jiresident of that road was my father in-law.
He was loyal to the Government, and there
never has been any question as to his loyalty.
In July, 1801, just previous to the battle of
Manassas—about ten days before—he came to
Washington to settle with the Government for
carrying the mails ; but owing to the disturbed
condition of things at that time he failed to
get a settlement. If proof of loyalty were
wanted, there could be no question as to the
fact of his being loyal to the Government, and
he was president of this railroad; but the
money for mail service has been withheld
from that railroad company on account of this
joint resolution passed March 2, 1807. In
addition to that, a great many persons, widows,
children, orphans, have their money invested
not only in that, but in other railroads in the
South, and are deprived of the benefit of this
money on account of want of proof of loyalty.
I think it is unfair for the Government to
attempt to withhold pay from corporations or
even individuals where services have been
rendered. I hope the Senate, on reflection,
and after considering the matter, will refuse
to adopt the action of the committee in strik-
ing out this section.
Mr. COLE. I hope the recommendation of
the committee will be concurred in, as it re-
lates to the whole section, and I hope the
amendment of the Senator from South Caro-
lina will not be adopted. If there should be
hardship, as is stated by him, in reference to
some railroad companies, I doubt not upon a
proper showing Congress would, in a separate
bill, be willing to afford the relief of which
they are deprived under the law as it now
stands. But I trustthe amendment of the Sen-
ator from South Carolina may not be adopted,
because, as will be seen, it at once opens
the door for all persons, no matter how deeply
they may have been engaged in the rebellion,
to present claims. The law that was passed
in 1867, in my judgment, was a wise one, and
was necessary for the protection of the Gov-
ernment at that time, and I am not aware that
the necessity for it has up to this day ceased.
I hope it will be held to apply to-day and in
the future as to those persons who, while serv-
ing the Government of the United States
under contract, deliberately abandoned their
contract as well as their loyalty to the Gov-
ernment, and rendered service to the enemies
of the Government.
Mr. SAWYER. I voted in committee for
striking out this section, because as it stands
in the bill it is not worth a straw. The -e is
no probability that any contractor who does
not prove his loyalty will be paid under it.
With the amendment of my colleague I shall
vote to retain the section. Most of the sums
which are due for carrying the mails in the
Soath are due for services which were actually
performed by the contractors for the United
States. The mails were carried according to
the contract. That they subsequently carried
mails for the rebel government does not in any
way destroy the fact that the mails were car-
ried up to a certain period in good faith for
the United States Government. In many cases
it was done by railroad corporations, some of
whose stockholders were loyal and some of
whom were disloyal; but it is said the railroad
corporation was an engine of the rebellion,
was subsequently used to aid and abet the
rebellion. I say in answer to that that the
railroad corporation was pressed into the ser-
vice of the rebellion frequently against the
desire of many of its stockholders. In the
case to which my colleague has alluded the
president of the road himself was a man whose
every pulsation beat in sympathy with the
cause of the Union; and yet he was obliged
by superior force to use bis railroad for the
benefit of the rebellion. It seems to me that
if this was a claim of one individual on another
no man would reject it, because subsequent to
the time when this claim arose that individual
might have done something which showed liis
infidelity to the other party. This service that
was performed and all these services that
were performed before the war in good faith
should be paid for just as though the war had
no intervened.
Mr. ROBERTSON. The honorable Sen-
ator from California, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, said this was a wise
law to prevent the payment of rebels for ser-
vices rendered during the war. I will admit
that it was a wise law at the time it was
