1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
619
42d Cong...2d Sess.
Senator from Kansas—Report.
Senate.
should be shown; and if these statements are
true, it is also due to us that that should be
shown.
By Mr. Pomeroy:
Question. Do you believe these stories they
told about your paying money to Finn and
others?
Answer. No; I don't believe anything of
the sort, of course.
Mr. Pomeroy. Nor do I.
The Witness. I never beard that I did.
Question. Or anybody for you?
Answer. I heard that Perry Fuller had paid
him [Finn] money for you and me.
Question Do you believe it?
Answer. I do; I believe Perry Fuller paid
him money, and I believe Carney paid him
money. Whether you [to Mr. Pomeroy] paid
him money 1 have not as good testimony as I
have of them ; that is, not what I consider as
absolute.
Question. Do you think I paid him any at
all ?
Answer. I very strongly guspect that you
did. It is well understood that he went for
money, and was going the rounds for it.
Subsequent to the delivery of the testimony
of Hon. E. G. lloss, on the 27th of May, the
committee received the following communi-
cation in relation to the subject of investi-
gation :
■Washixgtox, D. C., May 28,1872.
Sir: T have the honor to represent that, in refer-
ence to the investigation now pending of charges
of bribery in the election of Hon. S. C. Poskkoy in
1867 to the United States Senate there are numbers
ol persons in the State of Kansas whose testimony,
it is believed, would disclose the fact that improper
influences, in the nature both of inouey and prom-
ises of appointment, were used by Mr. Pomeroy to
procure bis election at that time.
In view of the impossibility of procuring the
attendance of these persons before the prooabie
adjournment of Congress, and aiso of the pressure
of other matters upon the members of thecommittee
incident to the citing days of the session, to the
partial exclusion of this investigation, I respectfully
request ihut the case be continued till December
next, to the end that the investigation may be made
within the State of Kansas, where nearly all the
witnesses reside, and where only an impartial and
thorough ascertainment of all the facts can be had.
1 am informed that the case ot Mr. Caldwell has
been postponed, to be continued in Kansas during
the recess, and that thecommittee can therelore be
subjected to no additional inconvenience by the
postponement of Mr. Pomeroy'S case. to be exam-
ined at the same time and place.
I ba\e already given the committee several and
am rea<Iy to give it other names whose testimony I
consider essential to a full understanding of the
ease.
Por the purpose, therefore, of securing what the
people of Kansas most earnestly desire, and what
the resolution authorizing this investigation has
pledged toe United States Senate to give them, a
thorough Silting of the accusations of the bribery
of their Legislature, I trust you will consider my
request, made in behalf of the people of Kansas, a
not unreasonable one, and continue theease accord-
ingjy.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
E. G. ROSS.
Hon. 0. P. JIoaroK, Chairman of Committee on Priv-
ilegef and Elections.
WaSHIXGTON, D. C,,
Thursday, May 30, 1872.
Hon. Edmund G. Ross recalled.
By Mr. Logax:
Question. As to these witnesses that you
6j>eak of, Mr. Ross, in this communication, I
"wish to ask you, as you say there are numbers
of persons in the State of Kansas whose tes
timony it is believed would disclose the fact
that improper influences, in the nature both
of money and promises of appointment, were
used by Mr. Pomeroy to procure his election
at ibat time 
Answer, Yes. sir.
Question. Who were those wimesses that
you have referred to?
Answer. There are quite a number of them.
I only think of two or three now that occurred
to me on running through the list after I left
you the other day. One of them is a man named
Luce, who I know bad the promise of the clerk-
ship of Mr. Pomeboy's committee, and got it
afterward, I know one person that promised
it to him. Whether Mr. Pomeroy did or not
I do not know ; that is, I have no evidence of
ft, but I know be got it, and I know a gentle-
man said he could have that if be would vote
for him.
Question. Was he a member of the Legisla-
ture ?
Answer. No. Luce was, and voted for him.
Question. Where does Mr. Luce live?
Answer. In Centropolis.
Question. Iu Kansas ?
Answer. Yes, sir; that is, I do not gay I
know it. I can prove that he had that prom-
ise.
Question. Who made him the promise?
Answer. Perry Fuller made it to him.
Question. Perry Fuller is dead?
Answer. Yes.
Question. Was Luce opposed to Mr. Pome-
roy?
Answer. He was understood to be opposed
to him. That was my understanding. I gath-
ered that from others, not from conversation
with him.
Question. Well, who else?
Answer. Another man there, whose name
is Wiley, was in the senate. I always sup-
posed, and was given to understand it by the
parties afterward, that Mr. Pomeroy had
promised him an Indian agency, which he
got. He voted for Mr. Pomeroy, but not for
me. Luce voted for Pomeroy and myself
both.
Question Was he promised anything if he
would vote for you?
Answer. I do not know that he was. He
(Wiley) has always since been a warm per-
sonal friend of mine.
Question. Who else?
Answer. Those are the only two that now
occur to me. This man Wiley is sick at
present.
Question. Where does he reside?
Answer. At Quenemo, in the same county
where Luce resides. And the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor there, I think I have pretty good reason
to believe, had the same promise that Luce
had.
Question. Who is the Lieutenant Governor?
Answer. At that time Dr. Root, now minis-
ter to Chili.
Question. You say you have pretty good rea-
son to believe these things. Now, you might
send us all over the world for witnesses in
this way, and detain us a year iu getting the
testimony without giving a specific statement.
What reasons have you for believing them?
Anstoer. Well, Logax, if you would go out
there you would easily comprehend.
Question. I do not want to discuss it with
you, but to get at a basis for action.
Answer. As to this man Root, I judge a
good deal by appearances; be was warraiy for
Pomeroy, but I say I think I have good reason
to believe he was promised that position, and
begot it afterward iu his turn. He complained
a long time before he got it that Pomeroy had
not don" him justice, giving me to uuderataud
that he had not fulfilled his pledges.
Question. Was he a member of the Legisla-
ture or senate ?
Answer. He was Lieutenant Governor.
Question. At thattime?
Answer. Yes, sir ; I think he was.
Question. Did he have any vote?
Answer. No, I don't think he hai any rote
on that question ; the Lieutenant Governor
votes only in case of a tie. He was very warmly
Mr. Pomeroy's friend.
Question. I want the facts, so as to get at
the testimony. There are no names or dates
given in this letter you have addressed to the
committee, and I cannot send for any wit-
nesses upon it.
Answer. I say, then, in addition to what I
said when I testified before, when I gave sev-
eral names, that I desire to give yon ihe same*
of additional witnesses that I wish to have sum-
moned. One would suppose that when I say,
as I do there, that I have reason to believe
witnesses would give valuable testimony, that
would be enough.
Question. But we cannot summon them with-
out names.
Answer. I have been a member of your
body, and my statement is entitled to some
consideration.
Question. But yon have not given us the
names of the men, and we caenot summon
them unless we know their names, can we?
Answer. But you said you could not sum-
mon them except I give ray reasons ; you have
asked me to state my reasons for belief.
Question. We cannot send upon mere vague
rumor.
Answer. But it is not to be supposed that I
would act upon a mere vague rumor. I have
too moch at stake myself, and I have already
given names.
[Upon reading over the foregoing testimony
the witness adds:] I remember, upon reflec-
tion, that the time when Root was Lieuten-
ant Governor was in 1861. when Mr. Pomeroy
was first elected, and the obligation I gpeak of
incurred.
Washington, D. C.,
Monday. May 2?, 1872.
Isaac S. Kalloch sworn and examined.
By Mr. Logan .-
Question. Please state your name iu fall,
and your age.
Answer- Isaac S. Kalloch forty years.
Question. Give your residence and occupa-
tion.
Answer. Lawrence, Kansas; editor of a
newspaper.
Question. The waiter of investigation before
this committee, Mr. Kalloch, is in reference
to charges of corruption in proctuing votes
for the election of Mr, Pojibroy. in 1887.
Will you please state what you know iu refer-
ence to that matter?
I was iolerabi; intimate with the
campaign preparatory to the election and dur-
ing the election. 1 was through the Slate
somewhat in behalf of Mr. Pomeroy, some-
times with him, and sometimes by myself,
making public speeches referring to the mat-
ter. It was well understood ail over the
State that-he was & candidate. I was at
Topeka during the whole progress of ihe
campaign. I was in Mr. Pombroy's room
several times, day and night, and was as con-
versant, perhaps, with the workings of the
thing as any gentleman there. I never saw
or knew of any itnpioper means of any de-
scription being used to secure votes for him,
I was in a position where 1 must have known
it if they were used.
Question. You say you were in his roo^.?.
Attswr. I say I was in his room every day
several times.
Question, State what the impressions of the
people were, generally, as to Mr. Pomeroy'h
success in that election ?
Amwer. It was confidently anticipated that
he would be eleeted.
Question- What was the belief when the
Legislature first assembled after the candidates
were known ?
Answer, h was always the general opinion
that he would be elected. It was admitted
by his opponents as well as his friends, by the
lime he had been there a few days, that he
would be elected.
