1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
671
Here are fourteen States, with a population
of 562,602, unrepresented, or if represented at
all, then Represented by States which already
have an excess of representation beyond what
their numbers really entitle them to.
If the seven States first named on the list,
with fractions not represented, were to have
equal favor with the seventeen States to which
Representatives have been accorded upon frac-
tions, they would have in the aggregate about
four more Representatives than the House bill
allows to them, and each one of these States
it will be seen has au unrepresented fraction
larger than the whole population of at least
one of the States of the Union. The fraction
now to be unrepresented in Vermont would
have entitled her some years ago to two addi-
tional Representatives.
This conspicuous revolution, this injustice,
must be submitted to if it shall be found to be
unavoidable; but it appears to me that it
should be remedied by proper consideration
upon the part of the Senate, and an appeal to
the "sober second thought" of the House to
considerwhethersome substitute more satisfac-
tory cannot be devised. To show how crush,
ingly the bill operates upon the smaller States
having large fractions, let me contrast its
effects upon them as compared with the larger
States. For instance, take Vermont; this State
is allowed but two Representatives, which
makes her ratio of representation 165,275,
while that for the larger States is nominally
134,075 and practically considerably less, as
many of tliem secure representation upon frac-
tions. If Massachusetts were subjected to the
rigid rule applied to Vermont with 165,275
for its ratio, that State would have but eight
Representatives instead of eleven, Illinois
would have butfilteen instead of nineteen, and
New York would have twenty-six only in-
stead of thirty-two. Apply the same unbend-
ing- ratio to smaller .States, for instance, to
Arkansas, and the injustice to Indiana, Ala-
bama, Vermont, Louisiana, and other States
which have been left out in the cold by the
House bill, becomes even more conspicuous,
as Arkansas instead of four would be i educed
to two Representatives—a falling off of one
half.
But try the ratio enforced upon Vermont—
and what I say of the State I in part represent
is more or less applicable to other States—try
that ratio upon the entire Union, and instead
of two hundred and eighty-three Represent-
atives you would only have two hundred and
thirty! Here are fifty-three Representatives
for which Vermont has no equivalent what-
ever." 1 think that is a great injustice, and so
flagrant that no just legislator can be unwill-
ing to have it rectified. If it cannot be recti-
fied in some other and more acceptable man-
ner, it surely can be by taking a step or two
further in giving additional representation to
seven or eight States more having fractions next
in rank. Nor would this increase but rather
diminish the whole number of States having
fractions represented, as the augmentation oi
the number of Representatives would diminish
the ratio so much as to entitle at leastan equal
number of States to all the representation they
would have without fractions.
Should the House remain after careful con-
sideration of the fixed opinion that it is sound
policy to add forty or fifty to the numbers of
its body, then I think the Senate may yield, as
far as possible, the determination of that ques-
tion to them ; but should we concede the gen-
eral question of enlargement, then wo may
most properly revise their action and correct
any plain and palpable inequalities by slightly
increasing their divisor or diminishing it,
whichever will best accomplish the object.
The Senate in 1812 rejected the bill sent to
them by the House, on the ground that it was
unequal in its operation, giving an undue ad-
vantage to the larger States, and they returned
the bill so amended by reducing the ratio from
thirty-seven thousand to thirty-five thousand,
thereby increasing the number of Representa-
tives from one hundred and seventy to one
hundred and eighty-six.
There may be some, more than content with
the allotment of the House bill, who seek to
" fire the heart" of the membes of the House
to make them stand by their bill, right or
wrong, on the point of honor, so called, that
the House alone should decide upon questions
of apportionment, as though that body was to
be alone atfected thereby, and as though the
Senate might be too unmindful of their honor.
The House will doubtless appreciate this esti-
mate of their character. They understand
that this is a question which penetrates every
part of our country, fixing the number of pres-
idential electors as well as of Representatives,
and that it is not akin to a revenue measure,
which the House alone can originate, much
less to those petty questions over which each
House claims the exclusive control by pre-
scription, like, for instance, the number of its
officers or the amount of its contingent fund.
The heart of the House cannot be touched off
by this sort of fire. The united wisdom of
both Houses will forever be needed in the
disposal of this question.
To show how unequally the House prop-
osition operates, and how prejudicially against
the smaller States and in favor of the larger
States, contrast the representation of three
States, Louisiana, New Hampshire, and Ver-
mont, with Kentucky.* The former have a
population of 54,755 more than the latter, and
are to have only nine Representatives, while
Kentucky is to have ten 1 Again, contrast
four States, Florida, Louisiana, Vermont,
and New Hampshire, with Massachusetts,*
and while they have 106,163 more popula-
tion, they are to have only ten Represent-
atives, while Massachusetts is to have eleven !
I do not make these criticisms in any spirit
of contention, but I have ventured to suggest
them as deserving the considerate attention of
the Senate. Nor do I wish to delay the passage
of a proper apportionment bill one moment
longer than may be necessary to give it reason-
able perfection, as I fully recognize the con-
venience of an early statute on the subject.
It is with some natural grief that I look upon
a proposal to cutoff one third of the represent-
ation to which Vennontisnowcntitled. With
a population larger than evc!r before, our Rep-
resentatives gradually recede from view, and
six dwindles to five, then to four, then to three,
and now to two. With a smaller House we
had six Representatives, and now with a much
larger House we are to have but two. But,
if a relative proportion had been preserved
according to "respective numbers," no com-
plaint would have been made, for no real injus-
tice would have been perpetrated. Now, it
appears to me that the patriotism of the State
from which I come is invoked to .tolerate a
measure which expands when applied to us
and contracts when applied to others, and
we are called upon to make a sacrifice which
the public good does not require. But I do
not appear here with an^ purpose to truck
and bargain for the promotion of the interests
of any particular State, forif I prove,, as I think
I have proved, that injustice and wrong has
been done to Vermont or to any other State,
* Popula-
tion.
Louisiana   726,915
Now Hampshire  olb.-UU
Vermont    330,^1
1,375,766
Kentucky l.«$l ,011
Florida ......... |S7,748
Louisiana  ZfSHnn
New Hampshire     
Vermont  330,o5l
1*563,514
Massachusetts....  1,457,315
lieprripnt-
<xtivcs.
5
2
2
9
10
1
5
2
2
10
11
all Senators, without distinction of party or
locality, will hasten to make reparation, even
though it should concern but a single State.
But in this instance the injustice touches
more than one Stale. There are not less
than fifteen which have a right to complain.
Of these, two only are New England States,
and the others are western and southern Slates.
The fractions of all these comparatively small
States are accumulated to the advantage
mainly of the larger States. It is not a sec-
tional question, but one of sheer justice and
equality. Will you take from those who have
little and give to those who have much? To-
day the question may touch some parts of the
Union lightly which hereafter, by the applica-
tion of the rule for which this bill will he the
precedent, will be more oppressively affected.
The new or western States have a deeper in-
terest in the proper adjustment of this bill
than any or all others. Their population for
years to come will undergo the greatest changes,
and hereafter the largest number of fractions
to be properly disposed of will be found to
crop out in the West. I have no jealousy of
the growth or power of that healthy portion of
our country, but I am proud of its eolossal
dimensions. It has no interests antagonistic
to those of Vermont, and its prosperity is
interlocked with the life-blood of more than
one half of our people. There is not one of
the States whose reputation I would diminish.
When some light-headed politician attempts
to win the favorofhis constituents by sneering
at New England as State copartners of infe-
rior stamp, I know ho has not pondered upon
the origin of our Government, and will have
but a brief career, as his own people will soon
be ashamed to acknowledge as their represent-
ative one who traduces the land where so
many of them had their birth, and from which
they do not wish to stop any exodus that will
further augment their growth. If some man
from whom better things might have been
expected takes up the stale cry of former
rebels, I know that dyspepsia has found a
lodgment m his bosom, and that his ambition
is showing signs of reckless decrepitude.
These are pustules on the face of the body-
politic, which will soon vanish without leaving
a pock-mark behind.
Strike down New England, if that were pos-
sible, and the West, moved by the throbbings
of its great heart as well as by its widest ma-
terial interests, would spring forth to restore
it as swiftly as the gods were wont to leap from
the skies to rescue the fallen heroes in the
Trojan wars. New England pays for all she
consumes, and there is no other so great and
so constant a consumer of western products
as New England. She gives liberally, and
she gives of her first born—the most precious
gifts of all.
After men are elected to the House of Rep-
resentatives they become an integral part of
the representatives of the nation, and are not
merely the agents and attorneys of the States,
although their local knowledge of the interests
and wants of their constituents, to whom they
are bound by the strongest ties of affection,
will make them always stand as vigilant sen-
tinels when danger threatens their own dis-
tricts. But the sentiment of justice which gt ows
strong in the heart of any legislator will
soon accord to others all he demands for him-
self. I invoke that justice to-day.
May I not, therefore, confidently expect,
while some inequalities must exist in any
apportionment bill, that by some fiuther effort
these will be finally reduced to the minimum
point which will leave but the smallest account
to be ultimately balanced by the fractious tiow
thrown in favor of some Stages hereafter
thrown in favor of oilier and different States ?
Every year large numbers of our people change
their citizenship from one State to some other.
All these are parties interested in having jus-
tice meted out to all.
And now all that I ask is for some amend-
