1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1567
should have a fair trial, which it has not yet
had; and money is necessary to continue the
advisory aud examining boards.
It is evident that something must be done
to lighten the burdens of the President and
hca'ls of Departments in the responsible and
delicate duty devolved on them of filling the
vacant offices with proper men. What was
pracicable in the early days of the Republic,
when the Spates were only one third of their
p. esent number, when the offices were few and
our population but one tenth of what it now
is. when the duties of the executive depart
merit weie light in comparison with the pres-
ent time, is no longer so. Why, sir, we are
told in tins report ot the commission that the
President, with the advice of the Senate,
makes appointments to thiee thousand offices,
in tins same report we are inlormed that the
heads of Departments fill by appointment fifty
thousand more. I do not include the appoint-
ments and promotions in the Army and Navy,
but the offices only belonging strictly to the
civil branch. Think of it, sir, a moment; how
vast the labor must be of supplying the vacan-
cies, they occur, 111 fifty three thousand
offices where care must be exetcised in every
,se ection. Yet this is dune under a constitu-
tional duty irotn which there is no escape. In
enumerating the duties of the President occurs
the following provision in the Constitution:
*' He sha.ll havepovver, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to make treaties, provided
two thirds of the Senators present concur; and tie
shall nominate, and, by and with the advice and
consent, of the Senate, shall appoint embassadors,
other public ministers and consuls, judges of the
Supreme Court, and all other officers ot the United
State?, whuseappointments are not herein otherwise
provided for, and which shall be established bylaw;
but the Congress miiy by law vest the appointment
of such inferior officers, as they think proper, in the
President alone, in the courts of law, or m the heads
of Departments."
Now, leaving oat of view the offices of the
Vice President and the two Houses of Con-
gress, for tilling which special provision is
made, all other appointments to office must
proceed from the President aione, or from the
President and Senate, or from the courts of
law, or heads of Departments. Substantially
the great mass of appointments is devolved
upon the President and the members of his
Cabinet. Consider for a moment, sir, what
this implies; trace upon the map the bounda-
ries of the Republic, and compute the area
they include. Over this wide reach of terri-
tory, wtieie are clustered thirty seven States
ami nine Teiritories, these appointing powers
aie to rill fifty three thousand offices with hon-
est and capable men; and the selection is to
be made, not from the mere handful when
Washington was President, but from forty
million people, scattered over four million
squat c miles, extending through fifty-eight
degrees of longitude from ocean to ocean,
and through twenty-five degrees of latitude
from the chain of the great northern lakes
to the Gulf of Mexico.
The problem is how shall proper men to fill
these public employments be selected; what
responsible agency shall bring them to the
notice of the President and heads of Depart-
ments; how shall these high officers of Gov-
ernment discharge their multifarious duties
and yet fulfill this constitutional duty too, that
of selecting the right men to fill these offices?
Mr. President, I need not dwell on the old
system, the one which has prevailed from
the beginning. That* is but too fresh in all
our memories. No one can forget the scram-
ble for office which took place on the inau-
guration of General Grant. No fitter illustra-
tion could be cited ot' the evils of that system
when appointments were made chiefly upon
the recommendation of members of Congress.
For weeks the public business was obstructed,
and Senators and members thronged the
rooms of the President and his Secretaries
seemng places for their constituents. The
mails were loaded with applications and rec-
ommendations. Delegations in great num-
bers from the most distant States were here
after office. Little was thought of or done by
members of Congress but to weigh the merits
of applicants and seek for them some unbe-
stowed office. I recur to it, sir, as a horrid
dream, and I hope never to be subjected to
such humiliation of solicitation again. The
system is all wrong. The people are deprived
of the services of the men they send here to
make laws, not to hunt for offices. The ap-
pointing power is misled very often when com-
pelled to rely upon the representations of
members of Congress, made in good faith no
doubt m most cases, but upon imperfect knowl-
edge of the fitness of the candidates. Some-
times these members are constrained by polit-
ical influences brought to bear to make rec-
ommendations against their own convictions
of right.
What the people object to is that these pub-
lic employments should be bestowed, notupon
the m.ost capable, trusted, and respected men
in the community, but upon those whose chief
claim is activity in party service, and the aid
they have given in conventions, on the stump,
at the polls, or otherwise, in promoting party
success or the elevation of particular men to
office. It is notorious that the office-hunters
belong chiefly to this class, and make such a
parade of party services, of sacrifices of time,
and many are so clamorous for reward, and
press their claims with such assurance and
zeal, that modest men who can make no such
exhibitare crowded into the back-ground ; and
thus it has come to pass that the people have
become disgusted with a system which ignores
real merit and fitness in the selection and
rewards mere place seekers.
There are certain points in this controversy
about systems upon which all are agreed. We
agree that employment in the public service
should be open to all citizens, that the men
selected should be honest and fit for the office,
that they should be well affected toward the
Government, and not its enemies, and that
they should remain in office no longer than
they are efficient and honest. But here the
problem occurs, how shall the appointing
power discover the proper men ? This is what
the civil service commission, instituted by the
President, has attempted to solve. The very
first difficulty it encountered was a constitu-
tional one. I do not see that it is or can be
overcome. Furnish what aids we may in the
shape of advisory and examining boards to
the President and his Cabinet officers, the
duty and the responsibility still rest on them
of making appointments. It is a duty which
may not be transferred or delegated. It is
inherent in and must be exercised by the
President and the heads of Departments, for
so the Constitution reads, and it cannot be
tortured to read otherwise. They may not
simply ratify or authenticate selections made
by others ; they must appoint, and to appoint
requires the exercise of judgment and will, as
the Attorney General has happily expressed
it in his letter ; and Congress cannot with any
decent regard to the Constitution enact a law
which shall limit the power of appointment to
any three or dozen men which a board of
examiners unknown to the Constitution as
sharing in this duty shall recommend as most
capable and fit. We look in vain in that
instrument for any such division of responsi-
bility or any such limitation of the range of
selection. It may be that Congress could by
general law in creating an office prescribe that
the person who should fill it should possess
particular qualifications. But even this power
may be doubted in respect "to such offices as
are enumerated in the Constitution, and which
are filled by the appointment of the President
with the consent of the Senate.
I doubt whether any limitation could be
placed on the President's power to nominate
embassadors, other public ministers, consuls,
and judges of the Supreme court; but as to
such offices as are created by law, I think it
but reasonable that Congress in establishing
them should have the power of declaring the
qualifications essential to fill them. When
this is done tbe power of selection must of
necessity have no limitation save such as the
law imposes. Every man who possesses the
prescribed qualifications must have the right
of submitting his claims to the appointing
power, and that power cannot be restrained in
the selection to any three ineii or any three
hundred men. While, therefore, a board of
advisement or examination, or both, may be
necessary instrumentalities to aid the Presi-
dent or the heads of Departments in coming
to a proper choice, they can only be advisers
after all, and no law we can pass can orshould
bind the hands of the appointing power.
Therefore, Mr. President, I heartily approve
of the scheme which furnishes to the President
and the heads of Departments these boards of
advice and examination as convenient agencies
to aid them in this most difficult duty of selec-
tion ; but they can only recommend. They
Can group and classify and grade and mark the
degrees of merit, in the applicants, and regis-
ter the States and localities wnence they come.
They can place before the appointing power
the means of making proper selections ; but
when they have done this they have exhausted
all the power Congress can safely confer on
them. The power of the President still re-
mains to reject their recommendations and
install in office the crippled Union soldier,
though the board has placed highest on the
list of qualifications an unrepentant rebel,
who for four years fought to overthrow his
Government.
I object to the principle that public em-
ployment in the administrative or executive
branches of the Government should be perma-
nent. The Government should have the tame
power which individuals and corporations pos-
sess of dismissing its agents. Idonotseehow
this power of dismissal can be safely restrained.
We have not established life tenures to office
in the civil service anywhere exue.pt in tbe
case of judges. The wisdom of this policy is
questioned every day.. Few of the States have
adopted it. Why in a Government of the
people like ours, where the road to public ser-
vice is open to alj, should there be established
a class with life tenures to block the way to
aspirants? Why should the public interests
and the general want be held m abeyance until
the death of an odious ot- inefficient, office-
holder conies kindly to the relief of a dissatis-
fied community?
Let me illustrate what I mean by the case of
a postmaster whose salary exceeds two hun-
dred dollars. He is no better qualified for the
office than a dozen men in the community, who
may need its emoluments more than he; yet
the civil service reformers make him a fixture
in the office until some cause potent enough to
require his removal shall occur. I might mul-
tiply illustrations. The truth is, the great
majority of offices under our system do not
require a high order of intelligence to fill them.
The staple requirements are a good common
education, common sense, honesty, application
to business, aud obliging manners. Few of
the offices require special or a high order of
skill or learning. And the people, sir, who
made this Government, who supply its daily
wants, who fight its battles, who have made it
great on the land and on the sea, and re-
spected in every quarter of the globe where
our flag has been carried, demand that all its
offices shall be open to honest competition
for them and their children, and that no one
shall be cut off by any arbitrary rule from the
opportunity of serving his country in such
employment as he is worthy and competent
to fill.
Therefore I object to the rule which limits
the selection to arbitrary groups and arbi-
trary grades of a group. I object to the
rule which seems to imply that when an ap-
pointee has passed his probationary term of
