2m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The Senator from
Vermont submits the following motion in re-
gard to the bill, which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows!
That tho bill bo referred to the Committee on
Commerce with instructions to amend the bill by
making provisions authorizing the Postmaster Gen-
eral to contract for mail steamship service on the
Atlantic as well as the Pacific ocean with the lowest
responsible bidders, and with a limitation upon the
aggregate amount of annual expenditures.
Mr. MOlUiILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, there is a curious feature in this bill on
the second page. It reads as follows:
Said scrvico to continue for a term of ten years, to
commcnce from the d:iy the first steamship departed
irorn the port ot San Francisco.
The same idea is adopted on the third page:
Sec. 3. That any contract which the Postmaster
General may execute, under the authority of this
act. shall take effect from the 7tli day of April, 1871.
Manifestly, if this service, or if in point of
fact any steamships are already established,
and have bean running since April, 1871, they
need no subsidy whatever, and this bill is use-
less. But, I am iu fiivoi' of encouraging mail
steamship service on the Pacific coast, and on
the Atlantic as well. I think it is a great sub-
ject, deserving the consideration of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and not merely the Com-
mittee ou l'ost Offices and Post Roads. They
are not supposed to have jurisdiction over
commerce, and commerce is emphatically the
thing we are after, and I might say, almost
nothing else. It is a mere fiction about the
mails. 1 therefore desire that this bill shall
be considered by the Committee ou Commerce.
Mr. KAMfcSKi'. Mr. President-, bills of
this character have always been committed by
the Senate to the charge of the Committee on
Post. Offices and Post Roads. It may be called
a fiction it you please, but there is actually and
substantially a great deal of correspondence
between these islands and 1 he United States.
At this time, on the arrival of the steamers
from Melbourne, Kidney, and New Zealand,
more than one hundred mail-bags, one hun-
dred and fifty in one or two instances, are
shipped over the Pacific railroad to the East.
Mr, MOIUULL, of Vermont. British mails,
not American.
Mr. RAMSKY. British mails from British
islands. Amuriean mails go from America to
those islands. I Joes the honorable Senator repel
the idea of receiving British mails liom Ureal
Britain, or I'Yeiieh mails from Kranc.-, or Ger-
man mails from Germany'/ Of course they
are foieign mails.
Mr. MORRLLL, of Vermont. If the Sen-
ator will excuse me, that mail passes through
this country because it is nearer.
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr. President, the only
liberal, generous scheme that the honorable
Semitor from Vermont ever advocates here
is the acquisition of these, two blocks on each
side of this building, [Laughter.] Every
other scheme looking to the extension of our
commerce, the carrying ol'oiu flag upon eveiy
sea, meets with his disapprobation. I have
no recollection of finding him advocating any
measuie except the acquisition of these two
blocks touching the public grounds adjoining
the Capitol, lie is lion ified at the idea that
these steamships of Mr. Webb, which sail
monthly fiotn Melbourne and Sidney, without
help and without assistance from the Govern-
ment, should carry British mails. What else
■would they bring from there? They could
not possibly bring American mails from Sid-
ney ; but, as a compromise, they will carry
back American mails to those ports.
The honorable Senator suggests as an anom-
alous thing that this subsidy is to commence
in April, 1871. To the credit of Mr. Webb,
be it said that without any assistance on the
part of the Government and iu tlie face of a
great deal of opposition, he went to those
islands and adventured m this line and at
considerable sacrifice has been running his
ships from that time to ttiis with the hope that
the Government would give him some support.
The amount of this commerce is not insig
nificant, and, as I have said, the mails are not
insignificant. Mr. Nimroo reports that the
foreign commerce of Australia and New Zea-
land amounts to $325,000,000 annually. Is it
notof someimportanceto our country to secure
her due share of a commerce so valuable as
that ? Why, sir, the whole trade of your great
Government with its forty million people does
not amount to more than a thousand million
dollars. Here is a trade one third as large as
that; and yet the Senator from Vermont would
not make this slight appropriation to give our
country a share in that great trade.
Mr. President, this line was established in
1871 by Mr. Webb, the first ship leaving San
Francisco for Australia, via Honolulu and New
Zealand, April 7, and it has since carried the
United States and Australian mails free of
charge to those Governments. Because Mr.
Webb has been thus generous, the Senator
from Vermont thinks we had better let him
persist in it and continue to carry the mails
for nothing; that the Government should take
advantage of his great generosity and liber-
ality.
This line was inaugurated for the purpose
of securing some portion of the commerce
of the South Pacific islands to the United
States and to prevent, its falling into the hands
of our rivals befor£ the importance of securing
it was fully understood by this Government.
The ships placed on the route by Mr. Webb
are rated at the American Lloyds A 1. They
are not of an inferior character, mere make-
shifts; but they are excellent vessels of the
first class, rated as A 1, and over two thou-
sand tons burden each, thus making a respect-
able line, such a line as the country may
favor and contribute assistance to, and such
a line as the country may be proud of. There
aie three ships at sea with an extra one at
ouch end of the route. A steamer is dis-
patched every four weeks, making thirteen
round voyages a year. The distances between
San Francisco and the colonial ports are : to
Melbourne, Australia, seventy-ono hundred
and sixty miles; to Auckland, New Zealand,
via Honolulu, fifty-nine hundred and forty-
two miles, showing the importance of the
service that Mr. Webb renders.
It seems, from Mr, Niiumo's report, that
the trade of Australia proper is $274,(5(>8,44(5,
and that of New Zealand $50,408,295, mak-
ing, as 1 said before, a grand total of $325,-
070,741; by no means an insignificant trade.
Certainly a trade so important as this no
country that, aspires to the extension of its
commerce can afford to neglect.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Senatorfrom Min-
nesota will allow me, I will call his attention
and that of the Senator from Vermont to the
statistics of the mail matter between Australia
and New Zealand on the one hand, and the
United Stales on the other. I think there is
no parallel for it in the history of postal com-
munication. The steamer Montana, I observe
by a paragraph in a newspaper of San Fran-
cisco, on her first trip this year carried out to
New Zealand alone three hundred and ninety-
five bags of mail matter.
Mr. RAMSEY. In addition to these im-
portant Australian islands under the Govern-
ment of Great Britain, there are lying between
our western ports and those islands the im-
portant Polynesian islands, Tahiti, New Cale-
donia, and others, having a population of more
than five hundred thousand people, and a
commerce which in 1800 amounted to over
four million dollars. France, England, and
Germany now monopolize the greater por-
tion of that commerce, and yet they lie right
at our door. The English press estimate that
this trade will exceed §10,000,000 for the
year 1872. We have made no provision
whatever other than such as Mr. Webb has
made for taking any part or parcel of it j for
taking that portion which properly belongs to
us in consideration of our position among the
nations of the earth. But for the enterprise
of Mr. Webb they would scarcely ever see the
American flag floating there.
Compilations from the market reports pub-
lished in New Zealand, Australia, and Hono-
lulu show large shipments of wool, flax, gum,
tallow, sugar, oils, spices, &c., to the United
States since this new line has been established.
1 think the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan, [Mr, Chandler,] when this question was
up about a year since alleged that no trade
could be attracted from that quarter of the
globe, and that wo had none with it. We have
had the most gratifying experience in the
result of this line. That trade has grown very
considerably since this line has been estab-
lished, and of course we are now merely on
the threshold of its importance. It is a sale
estimate that over one million dollars will
be paid into the Treasury for customs duties
alone the first year of this new commercial
development.
From the shipping reports it is shown that
the tonnage between those countries and our
own has increased tenfold during the past ten
months, ten large ships having cleared from
colonial ports al me for New York and Boston.
The following ships had sailed for San Fran-
cisco up to December 19, 1871, from Austra-
lian ports, and four more were loading for
New York and Boston :
Name. Tons. From,
Osceola     1,157 Australia.
Valleio        651 Australia.
John ltitsou  513 Australia.
Charmer 1,330 Australia.
North Star  410 Australia.
Sin-iimvvood  900 Australia.
St. Joseph 1,251) Australia.
Duntillan    853 Australia.
St. Nicholas 1,773 Australia.
St. John    1,885 Australia.
Aurora,  1,8,5,) Australia.
Isaac Kich    538 Australia.
N. Thayer    585 Australia.
Favorita 1,232 Australia.
Elwood Cooper  f53 Australia.
Horatio llunis 1,076 Australia.
Corsica  1,337 Australia.
Thatcher Magoun 1,155 Australia.
ltose M    366 Australia..
Comprising nineteen ships, with a tonnage
of l'J,779 tons. The development of this
trade is unprecedented. In return we are
exporting nearly every article enumerated in
Report No. 19, Miscellaneous Document, page
2, being Mr. Niiumo's report. Mr. Nimmo
reports the value of our entire imports from
Australia in 1870 at $'278,964. Of course the
trade was then in its infancy.
As the Senator from Michigan will probably
repeat the suggestion he made that we have
no trade with these islands, I have some evi-
dence here to the contrary, which I desire t.o
present to the Senate. The Melbourne Argus
of January 17, 1872, says:
" Woo/.—At the various sales held this month
somo 13,312 bales were sold in Molbourno and 2,884
bales m Geelong. The prices realized ranged trom
B'./. to Is. 3id. for greasy, Is. 3d. to 24id. for scoured,
and Is. 3Id. to 2s. 2M. for fleece. The purchases ot
the American houses for the season were completed
about a tortnight ago. Altogether 15,000 bales were
bought in this market on American account, a cir-
cumstance which may bo pointed to as one of the
many good results likely to arise from the opening
up of the Califorman mail route.'5
Those bales coulaiu four hundred pounds
each, and the duty is fifteen to thirty cents
per pound.
The Sydney Morning Herald of January
19 says:
" The Nebraska.—The California mail steamer Ne-
braska (\\ ebb's lino) is appointed to leave on Satur-
day for 8an Francisco, via Auckland and Honolulu,
ihe public have by this time had ample opportuni-
ties of not only closely inspecting the ships at pres-
ent employed on the line, but of judging by their
performances how well they are adapted tortheser-
vu-e. ihe Nebraska was the pioueer boat, and on
her arrival was placed in the hands of Messrs, Mart
& Co., for the purpose of being overhauled, but her
second tup (on which occasion she was docked,
caulked, and recoppered) afforded a sight of her
lines which were pronounced by all nautical men
as being in every respect worthy of the Mgh repu-
tation Americas steamers bear tor beauty of o^tlina
