3360
THE CON"GRESSIONXL GLOBE.
MayT^
Mr. HILL. I should like to have it re-
ported.
The Chief Clerk read the first section of the
amendment, as follows:
Sec.—. That it shall not bo lawful for any civil,
military, or naval officer of the United States, or
other person engaged in the civil, military, or naval
service of the United States, to order, bring, keep,
or*have undor his authority or control, any troops
or armed men at the placo where any general or
special election is bold in any State of the United
States of America; and that it shall not ho lawful
for any officer of the Army or Navy of the United
States to prescribe or fix, or attompt to prescribe or
fix, by pioclam.ttion, order, or otherwise, the quali-
fications of votors in any State of the United btates
of America, or in any manner to interlere with the
freedom of any election in any State, or with the
exercise of the tree right of suffrage in any Stato of
tho United States. Any officer of the Army or Navy
of tho United {Slates or orhor person engaged in the
civil, military, or naval service of the United States,
who viol.it esiinssection shall, for every such offense,
be linbloto indict merit us for a misdemeanor, in any
court of tho United States having jurisdiction to
hear, try, and detei mine cases of misdemeanor, and,
on conviction thereof, shall pay a lino not exceed-
ing $5,000, and sutler imprisonment in tho peni-
tentiary not loss than three nor more than five
years, at the discretion of tho court trying tho samo;
and any person convicted as aforesaid shall, more-
over, bn disqualified from holding any office of
honor, profit, or trust undor tho Government of
the United States; he > hall also bo liable in a civil
suit, to tho person injured in a penalty of $oOO,
which, with any damages accruing, tuny ho re-
covered in any circuit court having jurisdiction:
I'romttcd, That nothing herein contained shall pro-
vent jiny otli< or, noldicr, sailor, or marino from ex-
ercising the right ofsullVago in any election district
to which tie muy belong, if otherwise qualified
according to the laws of tho State in which ho shall
offor liia vote.
Mr. STOCKTON". I ask for tho yeas and
nays mi tlu; amendment.
Tho yeas and nays were ordered.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. .IOHNSTON. On tins question I am
paired with tho Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Oahpkntkk. ] 1 should vote lor this amend-
ment, and lie would vote n^alnstit.
Mr. STOCK TON. I oujjlit to havu stated
when the name of ttie Senator from Delawaie
[Mr. H a v a 111 > | was called that he was obliged
logo home on account, of an en^a^enuMit with
his consulting physirian, and he is paired wilh
the Senator from Michigan (Mr. Ciiandi.kkJ
on all ijuestions ol this character.
Mr. WKST. On this queslion I am paired
with the Senator from Delaware, | Mr. Sauls-
nruv. j He wouhl vote ik yea," mid I should
vole 44 nay."
Mr. HAMILTON, ol Maryland. My col-
league | Mr. Yu'ki<;us| is absent, but 1 believe
he is paired oil* with some Senator on this
question.
The lesult wan then announced—yeas 18,
nn\« <\ I , as follows:
YK-VS Alcoin, 111 air, Cie^erly. Cooper,
J) it v is «>t W'im V ii'Citii'i, C"ldih\v:nt<\ 1 land I ton of
M at vl .1 ml, II a no It mi <i i Texas, K < lis', Norwood, Raii-
M)iu, S e il U J /, Sin I true, Slevcnsnil, Stockton, Tliur-
iiinn. Tipton and Tiuinhull IS.
N \YS \]ii>'^. Anthony, I5orcinan, l uek-
ingh.im. Cal'iuill, Clayton, Pole, ('oihctt, Cra^in,
Kcny ot Ali'-tii^.m, Kl.m.igan, Fn'l inrlni>  on, (I it -
hcrt, 11 amhn. Aloi i il I ot V onuonl, M ort«> ,
N\c, O-hon!, IN' iiu'i o>, Pool, Pratt, K.uti-.c\. Rob-
ertson, iS,iw\ci. Sr.olt, Spencer, Stewart. Wilson,
Wjndotu, an.I Wu-ht - ill.
AliSK.NT .mosm- . l a\ard. llrownlow. Cameron,
(Jarpcntcr, {'handier. Conkliiur, l)avi> ot Kentucky,
Kdiuund^, Kenioji, Koiry ol Connecticut, llailan,
llili, llitch-oek. Howe, .Johnston, Lewis, Lojjthii,
Morullot Mann-, I'atiei-on, Ric<', Sauhbury, Sher-
man, Sumner, Vu-kor.-., and Wc^t-J."),
So the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PUKSIDENT. The question
now is on the second section of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Caliiornia.
Mr. CASSKRLY. I ask to have it read, as
it is some time since it was last read.
The Chief' Clerk read as follows :
Skc. — That no officer or person in the civil, mili-
tary, or naval *.er\ ice of the United States shall,
directly or indn ectly. order or advise, or directly or
indirectly by foice, intimidation, coercion, prom-
ises, rewards or any undue or improper influence or
inducement, or in any other manner wrongfully in-
terfere with, hinder, influence, or control any qual-
ified voter of any State of tho United States in or
about the free exercise of his right of suffrage ac-
cording to law, at any general or special election in
any State, or attempt so to do, or to that end con-
trive, make, distribute, or circulate for the use of
voters at such election any ballot or paper ticket for
voting different from that required by law, or having
upon itanywhere any mark, number, device, design,
or eolor, or other peculiarity or thing intended or
calculated to ascertain how the voter using it voted,
or otherwise in any manner to interfere with or em-
barrass him in the free exercise of his right of suf-
frage, or to destroy or impair the secrecy of the bal-
lot, or being of such unusual size, shape, or color as
might be intended or calculated to have tho same
rosult. Nor shall any such officer or person employ
anyone in or upon any work, labor, or service of the
United States for the purpose or with the view of
having him vote at any such election, whether at the
place of such employment or elsewhere, nor with or
upon any such understanding expressed or implied ;
and any officer or person violating any of the pro-
visions of this section shall bo liable in all respects
as provided in section of the said act of May 31,
1870, to which this act is araondatwy, and upon
judgment civil or criminal against him shall also be
disqualified from holding any office or employment
of honor, trust, or profit under tho United States.
Mr. CASSKRLY, I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TIIIJRMA.N. There is a blank there
in reference to a section in the original act.
Mr. CA.SS1SKLY. It should be section
four.
Mr. TI-IURMAN. The blank ought to be
filled.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The blank will
be filled by inserting the word u four."
Mr. ALCORN. \ ask if the amendment
that has been read has lieon printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT The Chair thinks
not.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas I'd, nays 20; as follows:
YKAS-- Messrs Alcorn. Blair, (Ja^serly, Cooper,
Davis ol West Viitfmi.i, (Joldthwaitc. Hamilton of
Maiyland, Hamilton ot Texas, Hill. Kelly, Nor-
wood, Hat ho ni, Sprauue, St even^m, Stockion, Thur-
niiin, Tipton, Trumbull, and YVe^t,—T.>.
N A YS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, lJoreman, ISuek-
inKh.nn, Cl,i\ton, Ool<, Crn^m, Ferrv ot_ Connecti-
cut, l'Ynv of Michigan, Flanagan, Krelimdiuysen,
11 u eh cock, Kellow. Norton, Nye, Oshorn, P.mieroy,
hntt, Ramsey, Kobei hun, Savv\ ci, Scot t, Shoi man,
St evvai t, \V il-ion. and YV i itrhi —2t*.
AHSKNT—Mt^srs. Bayard, Brownh>w, Caldwell,
Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Cotiklnitf, Coibett,
i avi^ ot Kontmky, lCdinund->, l-'enton, lidbort,
Hamlin, Harlan, llowe, John-ton, Lewis, Logan,
Moinll ot Maine, Morrill of Vermont, I'atteison,
Pool, Itice, Sauihbui>, Schui/-, Spcmoi, Sumner,
Y'iek oi's, and YV indont—^J.
So the amendment wa-< rejected.
M r. TRUM HI J LI j. I move to amend the bill
by inserting the following as a new section :
S ''(\ . That all disabilities imposed by the third
.section of the fouitcentii article of amendments to
the Constitution ot the United States on persons
therein mentioned he, and the ^.imoare hereby, re-
moved: I'rotutf'-ii, That thw act shall not npplv to,
or in any way affect or remove, t he disability of any
person included in either of the following clashes
namely ,* first, member.- of the Congress of t he United
States who withdrew therefrom and aided t he rebel-
lion ; i-ocond, officei.- of the Army or N.iw of the
Unit cdS lai es who, being above tho auc ot twenty-
one years, left ^aul Army or Navy and aided the
tebellion,
Mr. President, that is the first section of the
amnoMv bill as it passed the House of Repre-
sentatives, except that I have changed tho
phraseology a little bv striking out the words
"all leg il and political'' and simply saying
'•all disabilities imposed," which J think is
better phraseology: and I have left out the
second section of the bill as it passed the
House. This is the bill precisely as it passed
the House for the removal of political disabili-
ties, removing the disabilities of those and
only thos«-  that the bill as it passed the House
removed ; it contains the same exceptions.
Mr. PREUNCHUySEN. What was the
second section?
Mr. TIIUM13ULL. The second section re-
quired tile parties whose disabilities were
removed to go before a court and make oath,
1 have left tnat. out: but this removes the dis-
abilities of precisely those persons that the
House voted to remove them from, and none
others.
Mr. NYE. Is it in order to move to amend
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Illinois ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. NYE. I move to add the second sec-
tion of the House amnesty bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
to the amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the amendment by adding:
Sec. —. That before any person shall be entitled to
the benefit of this act, he shall, within tho district
where he resides, before a clerk of some court of the
United States, or a United States commissioner,
take and subscribe an oath or affirmation to support
the Constitution of the United States, and to bear
true faith and allegiance to the same; which oath or
affirmation shall be forwarded by said officer to the
Secretary of State of the United States, who shall
cause a list of all persons complying with the pro-
visions of this act to be laid before Congress at the
opening of each session thereof; and the officer be-
fore whom such oath or affirmation is made shall give
to the person taking it a certificate of tho fact, under
such forms and regulations as tho Secretary of State
shall prescribe.
Mr. SUMNER. Isthat open to amendment
now?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not; this
is an amendment to an amendment. The ques-
tion is on the ameudment of the Senator from
Nevada to the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I call for tho
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORTON. This is the vote on the
amendment of the Senator from Nevada. I
hope that will be adopted.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Amos, Anthony, Bore-
m;m, Buckingham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Chandler,
Clayton, Cole, Corbott, Crasin, Kerry of Michigan,
FlanuKsui, i'ltilmKhuyscn, (iilbort, llamlin, Harlan,
Hitchcock, IColloprg, Lotran, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Nyo, Unborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ram-
sey, Robertson, Scott, Sherman, Spencer, .Sumner,
Windom, and H'ritfht—36.
NAYS—Messrs. lilair, Oasserly, Cooper, Davis of
West Virginia, Ferry of Connecticut, (ioldlliwaite,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, IIiU,
Johnston. Kolly, Norwood, Hansom, Kico. Sawyer,
Sclnir/,, SpraKuo, Stevenson, Stewart, Stockton,
Thurmnii, Tipton, Trumbull, and Wilson—24.
A1JSENT— Messrs. liuyard, lirownlow. Cameron,
Conklinu, Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds, Penton,
llowe, hewis Morrill of Maine, Patterson, Sauls-
bury, Vickers, and West—21.
So the amendment to the ameudment was
agreed to.
Mr. BOIIEMAN. Mr. President, for rea-
sons given 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
stale to the Senator from West Virginia that
by the agreement made, an amendment must
be moved or there can be no debate. When
an amendment is moved the Senator can speak
five minutes.
Mr. MORTON. There is an amendment
ponding.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois has a pending amendment, and
the Senator from West Virginia can speak on
that live minutes.
Mr. BOREMAN. For reasons stated some
days since, I expect to vote for the removal of
political disabilities to the extent compre-
hended by the amendment now proposed ; but
it must be evident to every tnend of the ori-
ginal bill reported by the Senator from Indiana
that it this amendment is put upon this bill,the
Senator from Massachusetts will then come on
with his civil rights bill, which, as the votes
heretofore had shown, will be attached, and
that will defeat the original ptoposition. That
will be the result. Now, it may be well for
the friends of the original bill to consider this
matter before they cast their votes on this
amendment, for if this amendment is carried,
we have the other struggle which we have
passed over twice heretofore at this session ;
and it will result, as I have said, in the defeat
of the original bilj.
This is all I have to say. I merely rose to
call the attention of members to it. I am a
friend of the amendment now submitted if it
were offered as an original proposition; but
attached to this bill, which must result in its
defeat, I am opposed to it.
