1872.
the congeissioml globe.
3301
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, concurring
in all tbat the Senator from West Virginia has
said, I wish. to_ add that without reference to
the effectof this amendment upon the original
proposition, I shall vote against it upon the
ground which I have all along maintained; that
it is improper to tack together legislative
measures one of which requires but a majority
vote, and the other of which requires a two-
thirds vote. It seems to me it is about as
vicious in legislation as it would have been
in the old Jews to have violated the Levit-
ical law which said to them, " Thou shalt not
plowwith an ox and an ass yoked together." I
shall vote against all such propositions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was of the same
opinion as the Senator from Pennsylvania; but
the Senator from Pennsylvania and myself, I
trust, are both practical men. The Senate
has decided differently, and in our action
here we must conform to the decision of the
majority in establishing its rules. The ma-
jority of this body has said that it is1 proper
to annex a bill which can be passed by a major-
ity to a bill that can only be passed by a two-
thirds vote; that it is in order and a proper
thing to do. That being so, the Senator from
Pennsylvania, if he is in favor of amnesty,
cannot avoid the responsibility by saying, "I
will not vote for it; you do not bring it in at
the right time and in the right way," for am-
nesty has been defeated in the Senate twice
by attaching to it things that do not belong to
it. Now the Senator from West Virginia, I
regret to see, is disposed to abandon amnesty.
If there is a majority of the Senate for am-
nesty, as I believe there is, let us stand by it;
let the country be no longer deceived by these
professions for amnesty and votes to kill am-
nesty. Here is the very bill 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont May I ask
the Senator from Illinois a question?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly, though I
have got but five minutes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the
Senator vote for the bill if this is attached
to it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will vote for the bill
with amnesty on it certainly; and I ask will
the Senator from Vermont vote for it?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I should
vote for any amnesty bill on the principles of
the House bill. .
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. This is the very House
bill. Then I understand my friend from Ver-
mont is committed? I will vote for the bill
with amnesty upon it. I want amnesty so
much that I- v#ill vote for almost anything that
is not unconstitutional to get it.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator permit me
a question? Suppose, then, that following
out his practical ideas and his suggestions, the
civil rights bill gets on by the same process ?
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. I know of no civil
rights bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I know of one. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is a bill that has
been misnamed a civil rights bill, proposing to
establish social rights which is unconstitutional
in its provisions, and which I shall not vote
for. But the Senator from Pennsylvania and
myself agreeing, and the Senator from West
Virginia, I believe, agreeing, let us unite to-
gether and vote down this misnamed civil
rights bill, this monstrosity that has got a name
that does not belong to it, that seeks under
false pretenses to impose upon the country
and upon the colored people of the country by
giving it a name. You cannot make a mule
a horse by calling it a horse. Let us vote it
down. If there are in this Senate a majority
of the friends of amnesty, let them evidence
their faith by their works. By their votes ye
shall know them ; and if Hhey are not for am-
nesty and vote to put on it bills misnamed civil
rights—called bills to establish equal rights
when they establish no equality—if they are
for that and for defeating amnesty, let us un-
derstand it. But, sir, I think here is an oppor-
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 211.
tunity to pass the bill which the House passed ;
and let the friends of amnesty stand by it; as
we have got the whole bill on by the motion
of the Senator from Nevada, who has added
the second section, so that we now have the
precise House bill, I hope every friend of am-
nesty will vote against farther amendment to
it, however plausible. Let us hold on to this
bill and pass it.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I propose,
in spite of the earnest and almost menacing
language of the Senator from Illinois, to vote
against this amendment 
Mr. MORTON. That is right.
Mr. WILSON. The House of Representa-
tives has passed to-day an amnesty bill; it
will be here soon. They gave thirty-six ma-
civil rights bill in the House
jority for a
to-day.
Mr. SUMNER.
Mr. WILSON.
Mr. SUMNER.
Mr. WILSON.
They did to-day?
Yes, sir, they did to-day.
That is good.
But it was not enough to
pass it, it requiring a two-thirds vote. Now,
sir, an amnesty bill is on its way here. There
is.no contest in Congress about amnesty and
has not been for months.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But we cannot pass it.
Mr. WILSON. Then 
Mr. KELLOGG. Allow me to say that it
goes further to the satisfaction of the Senator
from Illinois than this bill.
Mr. WILSON. The controversy has been
about civil rights and not about amnesty. I
expect a civil rights bill from the House in a
very short time, and I want to see the amnesty
bill and the civil rights bill both here, and
then we shall not have them antagonized
against each other. We can take each up
separately and pass both bills, and have both
of them become a law at this session. There-
fore, sir, I shall vote against this amendment
to put amnesty on this bill.
1 have a word to say as to what the country
well understand. The country knows quite as
well what is going on here and what has been
going on all winter and whathasgone onat one
convention and what will go on at others as
the rest of us do, and the country is quite as
cool and quite as calm as we are about it. I
hope the Senate will vote down this proposi-
tion, pass this bill, and then take up the
bill that comes from the House of Repre-
sentatives at the proper time. I hope further
we shall have a bill for civil rights and we will
consider both and have them both pass sep-
arately during this session.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I give no-
tice that should the motion of the Senator
from Illinois prevail, and the amnesty bill be
fastened upon the pending measure; I shall
try to attach a much superior and more im
portant measure, which, notwithstanding what
he says, I shall insist upon calling the civil
rights bill. The Senator says my bill is for
social equality. Now, I have often said in
this Chamber that I preferthata colored orator
should answer a Senator like the Senator from
Illinois. I read from Mr. Frederick Doug-
lass's speech only the other day. I hope the
Senator will not go because I wish him to hear
how Mr. Douglass answered him. Mr. Doug-
lass anticipated the speech this day. You
would think he had the gift of second sight,
Mr. President, or second hearing or something,
of the kind:
"We are here to-night to urge equality in our
common schools, because thereof a!l other places
is the place to start right. The common school is
the basis of our whole system, and without it tbe Uni-
ted States would bo little better than uneducated
Jamaica. We are met with an objection at once. It
is urged that our zealous white friends are endeav-
oring to force social equality in the country."
There it is ; the very objection made by the
Senator from Illinois, 11 social equality." Mr.
Douglass proceeds:
" We do not aim at any such thing. The colored
people desire nothing so intangible. It is unknown
to the laws of this country or any other country. 1
understand what is meant by equality before the
law, but sooial equa-lity I am entirely ignorant of.
Iknow there are little rings and coteries where men
are equal, but there is no suoli tiling as social equal-
ity in a national soale. What is social equality 1 Is
it to walk the streets with others, to ride m the oars,
to drink the same water?- If these constitute social
equality, then I am for it. I don't think that even
the editor of the Pilot, if he drank at the sumo pump
with Fred. Douglass, wduid oonsider him his sooial •
equal, and Idon't know what l?red. Doualasswould
think on the other side. [Laughter.] Bat if it be
understood that we are endeavoring to force our
white neighbors to invite us to their drawing-rooms,
to allow us to marry their sons and daughters—if
this is social equality, then I contend that it is
wrong to confound the common-school subject with,
this idea. There was no distinction between color
when I was a boy playing with my fellows. It was
only when the black man asserted himself a man
a,nd endeavored to be a man among men, that the
line was drawn. I desire, and the Kent!union on this
platform desire, that the oolored child have the
same oouimon-sohool right"—
Mr. Douglass uses the term that the Sena-
tor from Illinois discards:
" the same common-school right"—
I wish my voice was much louder, that I'
might make that word thunder through this
land—
" as any other child has, and I say until this is
done there will be no such thing ia this country as
a ooiiitnon-sohool system."
That is the answer which I make to the
Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL and Mr. MORTON. Mr.
President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois first addressed the Chair, and
the Chair of course awards the floor to him;
but by the agreement there is to be only five-
minutes debate by any Senator on any one
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to strike out
the second exception in the peading amend-
ment.
Mr. MORTON. I rise to a question of
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana rises to a question of order,
which he will state.
Mr. MORTON. I rise to this question:
whether upon a fair construction of the rule,
and its fair and equitable administration, its
effect can be dodged in that way ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the word "dodged" is scarcely parliamentary.
Mr. MORTON. It may not be parlia-
mentary 
Mr. SCOTT. But is very expressive.
[Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
rule upon the point without expressing an
opinion upon that matter. By the rule of
amendments, amendments to amendments are
in order, and a Senator has a right to move
an amendment to an amendment. The Sen-
ator from Illinois, now moves to amend this
amendment as it has been amended by the
Senate. The Chair thinks he has the ri^ht
under parliamentary law to do so. The
Chair thinks that, under this five-minutes rule
as stated on Saturday, he believes by the Sena-
tor from Ohio [Mr. Titorman] or some Sena-
tor on the right of the Chair, debate can be
prolonged for a long time by moving amend-
ments. Still the parliamentary law allows the
Senator to move the amendment, and it is now
in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall occupy but a
moment, and would have been through be.fore
this if I had been allowed to proceed. I sup-
pose it is competent to answer the high
authority of the Senator from Massachusetts,
being that of a colored man, by the same high
authority, being that of a colored nrtan, nolessa
distinguished person than Professor Langstoa.
Now, out of the words of a colored man, I pre-
fer to answer the argument of the Senator from
Massachusetts. Let a colored man answer
that Senator.
Mr. SUMNER. Professor Langston au-
thorizes me 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall be through in a
moment. The Senator will please wait until
I am through.
