1872.]
APPENDIX TO TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
621
42d Cons....2d Sess.
Senator from Kansas—Report.
Senate.
Question. Look on the book and see if the
dates agree.
Answer. This is the same amount. This
check is dated the 3d of April, 1866. I will
look in the journal. [Examines the journal.]
Well, sir, I see that this check is dated April
3, 1866. There is no date on the journal tell-
ing what date the check was.
Question. Am I credited with this check?
Answer. Yes, sir; you are credited with
that amount of money.
Question. Did that balance the books ?
Answer. Yes, sir; that was June 27, 1866,
that the books were balanced. I will state
that the index of those books never came into
my possession ; it was never brought to me.
Question. You have already sworn that there
is no other account (with me) on the books
but that ?
Answer. No, sir; andl have hunted through
quite faithfully. I have also been called upon
[by a subpena duces tecum] to bring some
other papers, but I have never had them. These
are the only books of accounts that ever came
into my possession. I was called on for bank-
books, stubs of check-books, and account-
books. These are the account-books. I never
had any bank books or stubs of check-books.
Question. Are these all the books ever given
to you as administrator?
Answer. Yes, sir; these are all that ever came
into my possession as administrator.
Washington', d. 0.,
Tuesday, May 28, 1872.
Daniel C. Finn, called oh the part of Mr.
Pomeroy, sworn arid examined.
By Mr. Pomeroy :
Question. State your Dame, residence, and
occupation.
Answer. My name is Daniel O.Finn ; Ire-
side at Rocky Comfort, Little Eiver county,
Arkansas ; I am a practicing attorney-at-law.
Question. Have you seen this report of the
joint committee of investigation of the Kan-
sas Legislature in'1872?
Answer. I have not.
Question, (exhibiting the document re-
ferred to to the witness.) What does that book
purport to be ?
Answer. A report of the joint committee of
investigation appointed by the Kansas Legis-
lature of 1872.
Question. I call your attention to the testi-
mony of Mr. Macdonald, page 212. You may
read it aloud to the Oom mitt.ee.
Answer. It is a  follows :
"S. D. Macdonald, having been sworn, testified
as follows:
" Examined by the Chairman:
'' Question. Where do you reside?
" Answer. Topeka, KansaS. ....
" Question. Do you know sysy-Jbing abMiti the use
of money in the senatorial election of lob7 r
'' Answer. Y es^ sir. - -
" Question. State what you.jt-now sfbont it. , , .,
"Answer. Well. I was in Mr. Dowry's room in the
Capitol House during the, latWr part of the, session
of 1867, and.while. I was'there-: talking with',Mr.
Downs, Mr. Finn, a memberof the LeMSlatoe, qame
in for money, and Mr. Downs tojd, him he might
take$50G or nothing; and he paced the floor stime
time apd seemed* in&isps&ed .to taftseat, bat fiaaily
consented, and Mr, Downs gave hipi whfat^eiS^ijel
was$500, andl.think heboid him Ifepiust give,him
a receipt ifcfull. -1 irotfGrkood that, to be- for his
services in? election, but more'than
that I know notnms, ,,
" Question. Isrurat ttfeJ ohly lhstance m .which you
know ot the"usej'Or offer ot thW us©, of moneft* m
that campaiggr?j.
"^Question, 3Do yoUxs'eiiatb-
" Answer. ^ l i, J
•* < « T^r  xr/v
• Question. Do,.you.know for. whom Jfr. Jmn was
to nsohislhtoeAoefdttBayebHrfiMrktioif.r .
" Aim/in". X- doiQot> nOWi oWHahS," butmy ifnPres*
sion was that jt wa^forKoss."'
Mr: PomeroY. I Will1 afefe tohave; reari'tlie
evidence' <> t Mr. Ross. given on yesterday, con-
ceruiug'the voteofMr. Finn.
The clerk read as follows from the testi-
mony of Mr. Boss:
" I learned afterward that one man who voted for
Mr. Pomekoy and myself had received money; I
heard so afterward. I never had any direct evi-
dence in regard to it. I heard that he had, and was
inclined to believe it.
" Question. Who was he ?
" Answer. His name was Finn.
" Question. Received money for what 1
" Answer. Received money from both sides to vote
for Mr. Poke boy, myself, and also for Mr. Carney.
" Mr. Anthony. He did a good business.
"The Witness. I guess it is true, too. I was in-
clined to believe it.
"By Mr. Logan:
" Question. Who told you that?
" Answer. I could not name now any one per-
son who told it to me. There was so many who
suggested that that was probably the fact.
" By Mr. Anthony :
"Question. What made you believe it?
"Answer. Because it was so rumored and substan-
tiated in such a way ; it came very direct.
"Question. How direct?
" Answer. Men said they not only believed it to be
true, but-had good reasons for believing it.
" Question. Who were the men ?
"Answer. I have forgotten now, there were so
many of them. One man who told'me, Mr. Whit-
ing, is now dead.
" By Mr. Logan :
"Question. Receiving money for voting for you?
Did you authorize anybody to pay money for rotes?
"Answer. No, sir.
"Question. Did you pay him?
"Answer. No, sir.
"Question. How could you believe he- received
money for voting for you ?
"Answer. I said because I heard it so often and
from so many other sources that I was inclined to
believe it.
"By Mr. Anthony:
" Question. Who did you believe paid him?
"Answer. I do not know. I could not say with
any positiveness about that, on anything more than
belief. If you want to know who I believe paid
him, X can say."
The Witness. In reference to the statement
by Mr. Macdonald made in that book, it,'Is
false. Mr. T. B. Emmert is State senator
from the district comprising the counties' of
Bourbon and Cherokee 
Question. Which county did you represent ?
Answerf Cherokee; Mr. Emmert called'on
Mr. Pomeroy on our arrival at Topekal While
in Mr. Pomeroy's room, without any'request,
that is, without Mr. Pomeroy asking questions,
I told Mr. Pomeroy that my constituency had
instructed me to vote for him, and that'whom
I should vote for, that is, as a second man, I
could not say. Mr. Pomeroy remarked that
he didn't care; and I think that was all'that
passed between Mr. Pomeroy and myself uhtil
after he was elected Senator, when I met1 him
at the Topeka House and shook hands with
him and bade him good-by.
Question. I want to ask you, in view of the
testimony of Mr. Macdonald and Mr. Ross,
whether you received any money from any
source as coming from me or my friends, or
any one connected with me ?
Answer. No, sir; nor .did I receive a-dol-
lar as compensation for any vote I cast during
that session of the Legislature.
Question. Do you know Mr. Macdonald;
whose testimony is in that book ?
Answer. Yes, sir; I have seen the gentle-
man. He was a member of the Legislature in
1885. of which I was also a membe*.
Question. Do you know Mr. Downs, also
named there ?
Answer. I saw Mr. Downs the same day I
saw you ; I was introduced to him ; I do not
think I1 ever saw Mr. Downs'- during the sena-
torial canvass after that time.
Question. What was' the sentiment of' the
Legislature, so fat as you know, in the early
fiart-of thfe canvass after you got there, on this
subject?
AhswB". The Legislature, in the early part
of the eanvasiJ, waa, I think, a large majority
for you. The members'were very touch divided
in reference to the second candidates. It was
generally conceded that you would have a large
majority; and the question arose there Whether
he [Mr. Pomekoyj would1 receive the same
number of votes that General Lane received
four years before.
By the Chairman, (Mr. Morton:)'
Question. As to this statement which was
made, that you received $500, you say that
there was nothing of that?
Answer. No, sir; I received no money.
Question. Directly nor indirectly?
Answer. No, sir, for any vote I cast during
that session of the Legislature, or for any other
legislative business.
By Mr. Anthony:
Question. Or any valuable consideration f
Answer. No, sir.
By the Chairman, (Mr. Morton :)
Question. You committed yourself to Mr.
Pomeroy without being"asked?
Answer. Yes', sir.
By Mr. Pomeroy:
Question. Yo'u weire instructed- by your peo-
ple"?
Answer. 1 was instructed by my people.
Mr. Emmert 
Question!. He" was State senator?
Answer. Yes', sir. He visited me on the
neutral lands, and in making, several speeches
through the neutral lands he .spoke in favor
of Mr. Pomeroy, and wheu the people voted
for me, they voted" for" nie with the distinct
understanding, that I shoul'd* cast my vote for
Mr. Pomeroy. The" second choice of these
people was for D. P. Low, now a member
of the House of Representatives. The whole
border tier of counties, as it is termed, desired
to support Mr. Lowe for the short term.
By Mr! Anthony :
Question. Do you know of any Circumstance
or anything that couid have |£ive'n-rise to that
testimony which you pronounce false?
Answer. 1 do not.
Question. You think' it'is a pure invention ?
Answer. Yes, sir. f
[The foregoing testimony Having been read
over to the witness, he adds:]'"Mr. Lowe
was a-candidate up to about five days before
the election, but withdrew his name then.
Washington, D. C.,
Toesda-y, May 28", 1872.
W. F. Downs, called on the part of Mr.
PoMfcROY, sworn and examined.
By Mr. Pomeroy:
Question. State to the committee yo'ur'natoe,
residence, and-"opcupation.
Arisvt&. W. P. D.ow'ns; Atchison, Kansas;
general superihtende'dt' Central" Branch'Union
Pacific railroad.
Question. Have you ever seen.a book-called
tlie report of the joint committee of investi-
gation appointed; by the Kahs3s Legislature
of 1872?
Answer. I have.
Question. Has your attention ever been
called to the testimony of Mr. MacDonald, as
found on page 2-12?
Answer. It has.
Question. I will read a- portioil of it. He
was abked as follows:
"Question„ Do you know anything: a*boiiv.th& use
of uumoy in the, senatorial election of 1867?
"Answer. Yes,, sir. . ,
"Chietfinii. State what you'kTKtw abofit it. .
"A'nstcer. "Well,I was-ill Mr. Downis's room, in the
Capitol House, during the latter part of Mssup
of 1867, and while I w>s there talking with Mj-.
DotoiW. Mr. Finn, a memtier ot the Legislature,
came in lor .money, and-Mr. Downs'told*him lie
might take $500 Of'nothingi; .and he paced the.iioor
some time and seemed indisposed ti>. take it. put
finally consented, and Mt. Downfc' gkyfc hini what
he said was $500, and X think he told him he-must
give liiin a receipt in full- ,1 understood that to be
for his services in the senatorial election, but more
than that I know nothina.
