622
AffENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 3,
Senate.
Senator from Kansas—B&porl.
42d Cong.,..2d Sess.
" Question. Is that the only instance in which you
Know ot the use or the offer of the use of money in
that campaign?
** Answer* Vea, sir.
"Question, Do you know anything of the senato-
rial campaign last winter in that respect?
Answer. No, sir,
" Question. Do you know for whom Mr. Finn was
totpse his influence for that consideration ?
Answer* Idonotknowcertain, but my impression
was that it was for Ross."
Mr. Pomeroy. I now want the clerk to
read the testimony of Mr. Ross, as given on
this subject.
Ihe clerk read from the testimony of Mr.
Ross, as follows:
" I learned afterward that one man who voted for
Mr. Pomeroy and myself had received money. I
heard so atterward. I never had any direct evi-
dence in regard to it. I heard that he had, and
was inclined to believe it.
11 ' l*' UwllvVO 1 u.
Qtientioii. Who was he?
t'( Answer. His name was Finn.
(t Question. Received money for what?
Ansioer. Received money from both sides to vote
lor Mr. Pomkroy, myself, and also for Mr. Carney.
44 By Mr. Anthony :
" Question. He did a good business.
. i'be Witnkss. I guess it is true, too. I was
inclined to believe it.
"By Mr. Logan :
Question. Who told you that?
'Answer, I could not name, now, any person who
toid it to me, there were so many who suggested that
that was probably the fact.
"By Mr. Anthony:
'* Question. What made you believe it?
Anmoer. Becauso it waa so rumored and substan-
tiated m such a way ; it camo very direct.
^Question. How direct?
".Ansuw*. Men said they not only believed it to bo
true, but hau eood reasons for believing it.
^ Question. Who were the men ?
Answer, I have ioigotten now; there were so
many of them. One man who told me, Mr. Whiting
is now dead.
" By Mr. Logan :
" Question, Received money for voting for you?
Did you authorize anybody to pay money for votes?
Answer, No, sir.
" Question. Did you pay him?
41 Answer. No, sir.
"Question. IIow could you believe he receivod
money lor voting for you?
" Anxwcr. I said because I heard it so often and
from 30 many sources that I was inclined to believe
it.
"By Mr. Anthony :
^ Question. AVlio did you believe paid him ?
Anxw.r. X do not know. I could not sa.y with
any positivonoss about that, or any thing more than
beliel. If you want to know who I believe paid him.
X can say."
By Mr. Pomeroy:
Question. You have heard the statement
contained in this book, and heard that testi-
mony given by Mr. Ross. Tell the committee
what, if any, portion of it is true. Tell all
about it.
Answer. The statement is incorrect in every
respect so far as relates to myself. I never
had any communication with Mr. Finn and
never spoke a dozen words to him in Topeka.
By the Chairman, (Mr. Morton :)
Question. Did you ever pay him any money?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Did you ever give him a check ?
Answer. Never.
_ Question. Did you ever give him anything
m any shape whatever?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Did you have any such conversa-
tion with him?
Answer. No such conversation. I never
m6j '""j'll ^°.Pe'Kili except possibly to be in-
troduced to him once i'i Senator Pomeroy's
room. My memory is not entirely clear on
that subject, i have had no communication
at all with Mr. Finn until I met him here in
Washington within a few hours, when he
called my attention to the fact of my having
been introduced to him, which is probable.
Question. Do you know of any money being
paid by anybody for votes in that election?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Or of any corruption being used?
Answer. Not any, sir.
By Mr. Anthony:
Question. The witness testified that this
interview took place in Mr. Downs's room.
Was Mr. Finn ever in your room?
Answer. Not to my knowledge.
Question. Do you know of any circumstance
out of which this story could have been made
or imagined ?
Answer. I can conceive of none.
Question. You think it is entirely an inven-
tion 1
Answer. I do, sir. I will state further that
the testimony, as printed, does not correspond
with Mr. Macdonald's statement to me as to
what he had testified to, his statement having
been made to me before I saw the printed
copy.
Washington, Tuesday,
May 28, 1872.
Hon. Sidney Clarke, called by Mr. Pomeroy,
was sworn and examined.
By Mr. Pomeroy :
Question. State your residence and occupa-
tion.
Answer. Lawrence, Kansas; general busi-
ness.
Question. Also your age.
Answer. I am about forty.
Question. Were you at Topeka during the
canvass of 1867, when the election of Sen-
ators took place?
Answer. I was a portion of the time.
Question. Were you in the canvass before
the people that preceded that election ?
Answer. Yes, sir; 1 canvassed the State as
a candidate for member of Congress.
Question. Were you a cnemberof the House
of Representatives at that time?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. I want to have you inform the
committee, if you can, calling to mind the
canvass at iopeka. at what tune Mr. Ross
reached Topeka from Washington.; whether
you remember his being there, and what time
he reached there.
The Witness. Mr. Ross or myself?
Mr. Pomeroy. I want to know as to both
of you.
Answer. I ought to know that I do know
it, but I cannot fix it by anything in Mr. Ross's
case.
Question. At what time did you reach
Topeka?
Answer. I reached Topeka five or six days—
I think six—before the ballot.
Question. Was Mr. Ross there when you
arrived ?
Answer. My impression now is that Mr.
Ross reached Topeka about the same time
that I did.
Question. Now, the question I want to ask
you is this: you said you were acquainted with
members of the Legislature and the sentiment
of the people; what was the impression as
you received it about the time you arrived, in
regard to the probable election of myself?
The Witness. Shall I state when I 
Mr. Pomeroy. State just what you please.
Answer. I arrived at i'opeka, according to
the best of my recollection, about six days be-
fore the balloting, at about midnight, and took
rooms at the Capitol House, where Mr. Pome-
roy was located, and I became satisfied before
morning, afier looking over the list of mem-
bers of the Legislature and the information I
already possessed, that Mr. Pomkroy was cer-
tain of election, I had previously canvassed
the State as candidate for Congress, speaking
in nearly every county, and had a general ac-
quaintance with the members of the Legisla-
ture. In fact, I regarded the contest as set-
tled before I left Washington, so far as Mr.
Pomeroy was concerned.
Question. Can you state to the committee
when Perry Fuller reached Topeka?
Answer. A day or two after 1 reached To-
peka. I will make a statement about it if the
committee want it.
Question. It is no matter. How many days
before the voting, should you think?
Answer. I should think about four days.
Question. Do you know Kdward Russell?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Can you state to the committee
whom he supported or was supposed to be in
favor of for the Senate?
Answer. He was one of the special friends
of General a. L. Lee, who was one of the can-
didates for Senator.
Question. Were you often in my room during
that canvass?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Do you know of Ed. Russell beitis
there?
Answer. I never remember to have seen
him in your room.
Question. Do you know of any parties being
there who were supporting other candidates—
that is, being there often, frequently ?
Answer. I suppose it was quite common. I
will explain how that was. I suppose it was
quite common for men to run in there.
Question. Mr. Ed. Russell swore he was in
my room day and night, and found Perry Ful-
ler there, who had a room there, or in the
adjoining room. I ask you, as you were there,
whether you saw Ed. Russell there ?
Answer. I did not. Mr. Russell must be
mistaken about it.
Question. Do you recollect of meeting
Perry Fuller in my room, orknow of his occu-
pying rooms with me or adjoining me?
Answer. I feel quite sure Perry Fuller
never roomed at the Capitol House at all.
Question. Where do you think he roomed?
Answer. My recollection is that he was
stopping at Lawrence, and that he came up
and returned once or twice or three times
during the last days of the canvass.
Question. How far is Lawrence from To-
peka?
Answer. Twenty-five miles by railroad.
Question. Were the cars running?
Answer. Yes, sir.
Question. Do you know who Perry Fuller was
supposed to be supporting, or interested in
supporting, or anxious to elect during that
canvass ?
Answer. Mr. Fuller was understood to be a
supporter of Mr. Ross for the Senate. He
was running for the short term-—the four
years' term.
Question. State generally anything you
think of pertinent to this investigation; you
know the object of it.
By Mr. Anthony :
Question. Do you know of any moneys being
used in that election?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Or any valuable consideration?
Answer. No, sir.
Question. Or any improper mode of influ-
encing the election in promises of compensa-
tion for voting?
Answer. No, sir; I have no knowledge of
anything of the kind. Mr. Pomeroy having
been a candidate in the canvass, it was gener-
ally admitted that he had a majority—that a
majority of the members of the Legislatui e had
been elected to vote for him ; and the canvass
was generally regarded by myself and others
as a very easy one. There was, however, a
contest as to filling the short term, which had
been made vacant by the death of Mr. Lane.
Yr a, ' 'n reference to Perry Fuller being
at Iopeka, that I remember, since this comes
up, that while on my way from Washington to
Iopeka, as I was taking dinner over the depot
