3362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Illinois declines to yield, he cannot be
interrupted without his consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Professor Langston's
speech is reported in a paper printed in the
city of Washington, which i believe is known
as the Daily Morning Chronicle. Now, we
will see what he says :
** I am in favor of civil rights and common schools
and social equality. This is all I ask, aad I will
take nothing less than that."
Mr. SUMNER. Now, I have conversed
with Professor Langston on that very point, and
he told me he was misreported. The Senator
uses an authority which is no authority.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BOKEMAN. The coarse oftke Senator
from Illinois in regard to myself seems to me a
little singular. 1 care nothing for the fact
itself or for the course imputed to me, except
that he repeats to-day what he said in regard
to my course the other day. On that occasion
he had to make an explanation and withdraw
the statement which he had made. To day,
however, because I do not choose to follow
his lead and defeat the original hill introduced
by the Senator from Indiana, he hasuepeated
the statement that I have abandoned amnesty,
and without any foundation whatsoever, fol
lowing immediately upon the statement which
I had made, that if this bill wore here by itself
I should vote for it, and vote for it for the
reasons which F had given heretofore, ami that
I opposed it here simply because it must result
in the defeat of the bill uikW consideration
as originally introduced ; that, it would be Ibl-
lowedfns wo now have it. stated it will be,
by tho effort to taek on to it the civil rights
bill, afi it is called—the bill of the Senator
from Massachusetts—which, if it meets with
as many fiiends its it did a few days since, will
become a portion of it, and must ultimately
defeat Uhs bill, becauso it cannot get a two-
thirds vote. Now, sir, why the Senator from
.Illinois should to-day tcpeub the charge that 1
have abandoned amne.M.y when I have ex-
pressly stated that 1 was in favor of it and
would vote for it if it was hero separately, I
cannot understand.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. lieforn the Sen-
ator proceeds, the Chair will state that at half
past four o'clock, by order of the Senate, the
Senate takes a recess until half past seven
o'clock, the evening session to be devoted to
reports from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and the business now pending to be the unfin-
ished bubiness at the meeting to-morrow at
twelve o'clock, after the morning hour,
Mr. COLE. I should like to submit a report
from a conference committee now or after the
recess.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Indiana yield or decline to yield?
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest that we extend
the tune half an hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio asks thai the time for the afternoon
session be extended until five o'clock.
Mr. TRUM BIJ Eli mid others. Oh, no.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois objects. Does the Senator yield
to tlie conference report?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
^ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
first receive a message from the llouse of
Representatives.
MK&HQ12 FROM THK IIOUSK.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPijkrson, ilsOlerk, announced j
that the House had passed the following bills, '
in which it requested the concurrence of the j
Senate: I
A bill (II. It. No. 231U) to authorize the I
construction of a bridge over the tide-water i
of Dunstan river, in the State of Maine; and j
A bill (H. R. No. 2701) to remove political I
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth article I
of the amendments of the Constitution of the
United States.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. COLE. I now submit a report from a
conference committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask that the
time be extended for ten minutes, so as to
consider this report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we can get through
with the report by the time fixed for the recess.
My objection is simply this: if we are to meet
at half past seven o'clock this evening we
certainly should not sit here now until five
o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the report.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will take more than
live minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. To read the report?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will make no objec-
tion to extending the time so as to allow the
report to be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
not then announce the close of the afternaon
session until a quarter to live o'clock, unless
some Senator demands it or a vote be taken
on this question m the mean time.
The Chief Clerk read the conference report,
as follows:
Thi* committee nf conference on tho disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on tho amendment to bill
01. It. No. lii.M; making np propria! ion> to supply d o-
iicK'licit'•< in l liu n ppi opri.ii ions for t lie *ervioo of I ho
(ioveiiimi'nt l> r the lhe.il year ending Juno 30, 1872,
and for foi mer years, and for other purposes, hav-
ing met, iiti'-r full and tree conference have agreed
to reeomniend, and do recommend, to their respect-
ive Houses as follows:
That tho Senate recede from their auiemlmonts
numbered 20, 'Si, and .">7.
That the llonso of Representatives recede from
their disagreement, to tho amendments oi tho (Sen-
ate numbered 2, 5, 7, US, 30, 3.'«, 37, 53, 5t3, and 02, and
agi ee to I ho Mime.
The Senate reeedo from their fnst amendment,
and agree to tho amendment of tho House to said
amend ineut.
Thai tho llouse reeedo from their disagreement to
the third amendment of tho Senate, and agree to
the same with the following amendments : in lino
two of said amendment striko out tho words "to
pay tho" and insert m lieu tho following woids:
" that, tin- payment of," and in the same line, alter
the word "for," insert tlw word "actual;" and
sinko out of said amendment all alter tho word
President.," in line live down to tho eml of line
six, and irsert. in lieu tho following word*: "is
hereby authorised;" ami tho Sonato agree to tho
same.
That tho House lecedo fiotn the first clause of
their amendment, to tho sixth amendment of the
Senate; and that tho Senate recede from thoir di-.-
agieeinent to tho seeund clause ot the amendment
ot tho llouso to said amendment, and agree to the
same.
That tho Senate reeodo from so mueh of thoir
twoniy-lil i h amend men t at> proposed to insert words,
and tho House agree to said amendment as so
modified.
That tho llouse roeede from their amendment to
the t\vurily-M.\th amendment of tho Senate, and
agree to tho same with t ho following amendment :
in line live of said amendment, strike out tho wore!
"one" and insert hi lieu thereof tho word " two,"
and tho Senate agioo to tho same.
That the House recede Ironi their disagreement to
the thirty-firM amendment ot theSenate.and agrco
Jo tho same with tho following: restore the word
" tin ee " to the bill; and m hno seven, on page 13
of the hill, sti ike out tho words " and lil'ty;" and
the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
1 tho thirty-second amendment of the Senate, and
' agree to the s.unc with the following amendment:
i in hen of tho words stricken out by said amendment
I insert the words "and twenty-live;" and tho Senate
; ugi ee to tho same.
I That the House recede fiom thoir disagreement to
I the thirty third amendment ot the Senate, and
; agree to the same with tho following amendment:
j in lieu of tho words inserted by said amendment
j insert the following words: "six hundred andtweuty-
! h\ e;' ami tho Senate agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their foity-second
amendment, and agree to tho amendment of the
House to said amendment.
That the Route reoeds from their difagreemcnt to
the fifty-eighth amendment of tho Senate, and agree
to the sumo with the following amendment: in
lieu of the words stricken out by said amendment
insert the following words: Provided,'* Tlutthb
appropriation shall continue available until the
30th uf June. 1873, and the Senate agree to thesame.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to tho several amendments of the House, to the
eleventh, twenty-fourth, thirty-sixth, thirty-eighth,
forty-first, forty-third, forty-sixth, forty-ninth, and
fiftieth amendments of tho Senate; and agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their amendment to
tho sixty-fourth amendment of the Senate and agree
to the same with the following amendment, substi-
tute for saidSenateamendraentthefollowing: "that
the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to pay to the lawful owners,
or their legal representatives, of all cotton seized' ..
after the 30th day of June, lb65, by the agents of the
Government unlawfully and in violation ot their
instructions, the net proceeds, without interest, of
tho sale of said cotton actually paid into the Treas-
ury of the United States: Provided, That the receipts
thereof shall be taken and received in full satisfac-
tion of all claims against the United States for or
on account of the seizure of said cotton; and a suf-
ficient sum for such payment is hereby appropriated
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated: And provided farther, That the forego-
ing provisions shall not apply to any claim now
pending before the Court of Claims, nor to any claim
not filed in the Treasury Department within six
months after the passage of thisact; and the sum of
$20,000 is hereby appropriated for the payment of
the necessary expenses of delending the United
States in respect to claims for said proceeds, to be
expended under the direction of tho Secretary of
tho Treasury; " and tho Senate agree to the same.
C. COLE,
J. L. ALCORN.
Managers on the part *nf the Senate.
JAMES A. GARFIELD,
LUKE P. POLAND,
S. S. MARSHALL,
Manager* on the part vj the Houne.
I coneurin the recommendations of the conferees
except to thaton thesixty-fourth amendment of the
Senate, to which 1 respect fully dissent.
JOHN SHERMAN.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I can get the attention
of the Senate 1 will state in a word 
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate will
come to order. The Senator from Ohio de-
sires to explain the conference report.
Mr. SHERMAN, i do not iise to explain
the conference report, because I dissent from
the action of the committee on the sixty-
fourth amendment, or what is known as the
Morrill amendment. I was not able to agree
with my colleagues on the committee in regard
to that amendment. A s to the Mori ill amend*
ment itself, the House having rejected it, I
did not feel honnd to insist upon it, because the
rule in conference committees, as I understand
it, is always where one llouse rejects an inde-
pendent proposition the other House ought
not to force it upon them against their consent.
Therefore, when the llouse by a very largo
vote rejected the Morrill amendment I did not
consider myself bound to insist at the hazard
of the bill upon that amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. Aud did not see the folly
of putting it on ?
Mr.SHEUMAN. No,sir; I did not. But
the House attached to the MorrilLamendment
an independent proposition authorizing the
iSeeretary of the Treasury to pay claims for
cotton seized after the 30th of June, 1805.
The total amount of tho&e claims was about
live million dollars. The amount that would
have been covered by the amendment of tho
Llouse was said to be from one to two mil-
lions. After considerable controversy, this
was modified so that the amount was somewhat
reduced. But I never will sign a conference
report where a proposition is made by either
House that has not been discussed in the other
House, that cannot be discussed under our
rules, and that would involve the large sums
of money involved in this amendment.
This amendment authorizes the payment by
the Secretary of the Treasury, upon his own
examination, of claims to the amount of five
hundred thousand dollars and upward; how
much I do not know, depending entirely upon
the judgment of the Secretary. That subject
has never been presented to the Senate. The
vSenate cannot now take a vote upon it. There
is no way in which the Senate can amend the
proposition. It is the introduction of new
matter under eolo^ of an amendment to an
amendment, and I think it is a very vicious
practice. It carries the doctrine of conference
reports far beyond what I think is right and
proper.
Now, sir, there is no difficulty in either
