1570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
call on Senators and Representatives, and it
would be their duty to respond and give the
Departments the knowledge which they have
of the character of the applicant.
I think, then, that enforcing these rules will,
if they are defective, be the best thing we can
do-for the purpose of verifying the wisdom of
that statement of the President in his inaugural
message, that the surest way to secure the repeal
of an obnoxious law is rigidly to enforce it.
Let them be rigidly enforced let the inutil-
ity of this system, if it be inefficient, be dem-
onstrated, and then let us not falter if the first
plan fails, but go on to a thorough and reliable
reform in the civil service; perfect it will
never be as long as we are in this world, we
shall have to look to another Government for
that; but I am willing to make this appropri-
ation and fully test the experiment inaugurated
to correct evils which we all agree exist.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, this appropri-
ation of $50,000 for the use of the President
of the United States to improve the civil ser-
vice of the Government is asked for in pur-
suance of a law -which was passed a little over
a year ago, and to that I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate, and then there will be no
difficulty about getting a vote, I apprehend.
The last section of an appropriation bill passed
last year reads as follows:
"That the President of the United States bo, and
lie is hereby, authorized to proscribe such rules and
regulations for the admission of porsons into the
civil service of the United States as will best pro-
mote the efficiency thereof, anil ascertain the litness
of each candidate with respect to age, health, char-
acter, knowledge, and ability for the branch ofservieo
into which he seeks to enter; and, lor this purposo,
the President is authorized to employ suitable per-
sons to conduct said inquiries, to prescribe their
duties, and to establish regulations for the conduct
of persons who may receive appointments in the
civil service."
Last year to carry out the provisions of that
law an appropriation of $10,000 was made, ft
is thought necessary to make a larger appro-
priation this year; or at least to put a larger
sum within the reach of the President, for the
purpose of carrying out this law in other por-
tions of the country thau that in the imme-
diate neighborhood of the capital.
_ Now, this matter has been pretty thoroughly
discussed by Senators, and 1 hope we shall at
least obtain a vote upon it. Then1 are only
one or two other questions to bo determined
in connection with this bill, and then we shall
be through wilh it. We are very anxious—not
myself alone, but other Senators—that we shall
get through with it to-night, and if there should
be any further delay in the consideration of
this bill, I again appeal to Senators to stand
by the committee, and to remain in session
until this bill can be disposed of. [" Vote! "
"Vote!"] 1 am ready for a vote. The appeal
to me for a vote is always very acceptable.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, before the
vote is taken, I desire to say a few words in
response to the Senator from Illinois, i have
just returned from the West. I came back in
an excellent humor, and hoped to find the
Senate going on with its business, and that
the personal matter which had been involved
in the discussion of the arms question had
passed by; but to-day I find myself, I will not
say rudely but somewhat bitterly assailed by
the Senator from Illinois, and, as I think I can
show, without any cause or just provoeaiion.
The Senator says that in his speech to the
Senate some two weeks and more ago made
upon the resolution in regard to the sale of
arms, a speech of some two hours and a half,
in which, however, he never referred to the
sale of arms, but which was entirely of a polit-
ical character—he did not intend to impute
anything to my motives or the causes of my
political action. Without intending to contra-
dict the Senator on that point, I must say that
be was very unfortunate in his language upon
that occasion.
The Senator came into that debate—I be-
lieve he had taken no part of it before; there
scarcely had been a reference made to him in
the debate—and in an elaborate speech of more
than two hours in length, which was directed
almost entirely to myself, I thought he did
impeach the motives of my political action and
of those with whom I am accustomed to act on
this floor, and I think those who heard that
speech could understand it in but one way.
The Senator began by a reference to myself,
which I think is not sustained by the facts. He
began by saying:
"Chief among those who would subordinate the
public welfaro to party stands the Senator from
Iudiana, [Mr. Mokton.I who, in the discussion of
the resolution umlor consideration, hasdevoted sev-
eral hours in speeches made upon different days to
party politics."
And then the Senator went back to the time
when the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] was removed from the chairman-
ship of the Committee on Foreign Relations,
commented upon my course on that occasion,
and imputed to me motives entirely of a parti-
san character, wholly irrespective of the pub-
lic welfare. I think he did me great injustice
there.
But, coming on further, the Senator put me
in the position of opposing all investigations
for frauds and crimes committed by officers of
the Government, and used the following lan-
guage :
"And so, sir, when the country is reeking with cor-
ruption, and an investigation is proposed to ascer-
tain whether it exists among Government officials,
wo are mot with the cry of' party 1' ' party 1' ' pa.rty 1'
a.nd that is tho speech heard from the Senator from
Indiana in opposition to every inquiry."
No, sir, it is not in the memory of any Sen-
ator, it is not recorded in the pages of the
Globe, that I have opposed any inquiry or
that I have resisted any inquiry by the cry of
"party." I did resist the proposition to
appoint a joint committee of the two Houses
to be appointed by the Presiding Officers ; and
I gave my reasons, and I \vould do the same
thing again ; but I have shown that I am as
free to vote investigations as the Senator from
Illinois or any other Senator upon this floor,
and I have voted for every investigation that
has been proposed, and I shall continue to do
so. I gave my reasons for voting against that
committee, because I thought it would be from
its organization an unfair committee, and
because 1 thought, under the circumstances wo
should do gross injustice to the Administration
to appoint a committee to hang upon it from
that time to the election which, under the eti-
quette of tho two Houses, would in all prob-
ability have a majority upon it of those who
were unfriendly to the Administration. I will
not go over all that ground again, but when
the Senator charges me with opposing all
inquiry by the cry of "party," I appeal to the
memory of every Senator upon this floor, I
appeal to the Globe, as my vindication from
that charge. There is no foundation for it. I
But, Mr. President, coming on down to the '
question of civil service, the Senator continu- j
ing with references to me, and taking occa-
sion to criticise the conduct of no other Sena-
tor on this floor in this speech, if I remember
correctly, goes on to say:
" The present civil service system is demoralizing
to tho heads of Departments and members of Con-
gress. What more humiliating than to see the mem-
bers of this body and of the other House dancing at-
tendance in the ante-rooms of the Sooretanes, ask-
ing to have appointed to office some favorite who
had been active in tho canvass in their behalf at
some cross-roads, or among tho members of the
Legislature that returned them to this body?"
And then further on, and still addressing
himself to me, he used the following lan-
guage :
"The Senator from Indiana, in his speech the
other day, undertook to create the impression that
I was opposed to civil service reform. Why, sir, I
offered the very bill in this body which became a
law under which the civil service commission was
organized. I introduced bills here years ago in
tavor of a reform in the oivil service, and especially
to break up this running of members of Congress to
the Departments begging for offices. In my judg-
ment, there is nothing more disreputable or which
interferes more with the proper discharge of public
duty than this hanging around the skirts of power
begging for offices for friends."
That this was an imputation upon me that I
had been hanging upon the skirts of power,
begging for offices for my friends, could not
be denied, it seems to me, by anybody that
heard it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Was not that remark
general as to members of both Houses ?
Mr. MORTON. The Senator does speak
in a general way ; but taking the whole eon-
text and the whole spirit of this speech, that
it was intended for me I could have no doubt.
I replied to it. I did not intend to cast it up
to the Senator from Illinois that he had done
anything wrong in making recommendations
for office. I do not consider it a wrong. I
consider it the right of a man, whether he is a
member of the Senate or a private citizen, to
make recommendations for office. There is a
duty resting upon him that he shall make good
recommendations, or make none at all, and I
consider that duty all the stronger as it rests
upon a Senator or a member of the House.
It is not a matter of shame to be denied ; and
so far as I ain concerned, I am willing that
every recommendation I have made shall be
spread upon the Globe, that all may read. I
consider that there is nothing wrong in it.
But I took exception to the conduct of the
Senator in this: that while casting imputations
upon others for doing this thing, and saying
that it degraded members of Congress, his
conduct had not been consistent, that he had
done the very thing he was charging upon his
fellow-members on this floor, not only upon
myself, but upon others. There is where the
inconsistency comes in, and there is where the
wrong comes in.
The other Senator from Illinois [Mr. Lo-
gan] the other day said when this matter came
up that he supposed he had made two hundred
recommendations, and he would make more
if he was called upon ; he would recommend
every decent man that asked him. I have acted
somewhat upon the same principle ; I have no
concealments on the subject; but if after hav-
ing done this I should deny it and impute to
others what I have done as a crime or as a
political error, then I should hold myself amen-
able to correction on this floor. In that con-
nection, I said that I had understood that the
Senator himself had made recommendations,
and that I had seen a tabulated statement that
he had made one hundred and three rec-
ommendations for appointments during this
Administration.
I afterward had occasion to say that that
tabulated statement was not made out at my
instance. That was the truth. I had only
seen it on that very morning in tho possession
of a Senator on this floor. It had been shown
to me, not with any view, 1 think, that I
should use it, but it was shown to me in con-
nection, with what the Senator himself was
saying on that subject, and I do not know at
whose instance that statement was made out;
but when the Senator had made the statement
he did make, and I came to reply, I thought
it nothing wrong to state what 1 had seen and
what I had heard. If it was not true, it was
for the Senator to deny it. Now I will read
what took place in regard to that:
"Mr. Moktox. 'Never!' What does he mean
by "hanging on to the skirts of power?' Hanging
on to the Executive and asking him to appoint one's
friends. That is what he means, and how long has
it been since he has ceased to do that? Hotmore than
fifteen months, I am advised, and I saw a statement
which I am told was made up from papers on file in
the Departments, showing that during this Admin-
istration, and between the time of Grant's inaugu-
ration and the time when this great change came
over the Senator, he had made one hundred and
three recommendations for office."
If the Senator had done that, or anything
approaching to it, it was perfectly legitimate
for me to say so in that connection, and there
was nothing personal about it. There was
nothing that ought to be considered offensive
for one moment. If it was untrue, he had a
right to say so, and that would vindicate his
consistency; but if it was true, it was a proper
