2466
THE OOJSTGKESSION AL GLOBE.
April 16,
Mr. CHANDLER. I stated that I had not
last year's report. It-is not officially before
the Senate. I sent for the volume that should
have been out last September, but tbey were
not able to furnish it in the Clerk's office, and
consequently I used the' last document we
have on our files.
Mr. CASSERLY. The total exports to the
United States from Australia and New Zea-
land for that same period were $3,419,973; so
that the Senator must be referring to some
previous year.
. Mr. CHANDLER. I gave the year 1870.
I stated it when I read the report.
Mr. NYE. From the first of October, 1809,
to June 30, 1870.
Mr. CHANDLER. The last quarter of
1869 and the first two quarters of 1870.
Mr. CASSERLY. The latest figures of the
Secretary are in my hand, and they must be
correct, [ presume.
Mr. CHANDLER. These are the latest I
had before me, and I gave them as they were
obtained. Now, Mr. President,! am perfectly
willing to mako liberal appropriations for the
benefit of commerce, but 1 want to know that
the commerce is to be obtained before I vote
to make the appropriation. Now what do you
propose to do? You propose to pay substan-
tially $40,000 for every round trip, $500,000
a year—for what? I have read to you what
that commerce amounted to up to June 30,
1870. Since then it is possible we may have
purchased some wool in Australia, but if we
have purchased wool in Australia it has come
around the Horn and has not gone by steamer
to any appreciable amount. On the contrary,
these steamers cannot carry cargo when you
put oti board fuel enough to carry them across
the Pacific. You have prohibited them, by the
amount of fuel they must carry, from taking
cargo. They are not what you must have to
build up your commerce. You want ships
with cargo capacity, and then if they run the
ships they must have a cargo that builds up
your commerce ; but when you run a ship that
will simply hold tuel that has no cargo capa-
city, you are not building up commerco, and I
object to this as a commercial measure because
it is not for the interest of commerce.
The Senator from Minnesota says that a
large number of mail-bags were carried. Very
wjjll; those mail-bags come in transit through
the United Slates. They are landed by the
British ships, carried to San Francisco, and
from there shipped to Australia. What dif-
ference does it make to us whether the British
merchants get their mail one day earlier or
one day later? Those mails are not opened
on our soil. They come under custom-house
lock and pass through. Are we prepared to
pay $40,000 a round trip to accommodate
British merchants, not ours, not our com-
merce but English commerce? I trust we are
not. I want to see-the benefit to American
commerce before I vote any such large appro-
priation as this for ten years, for there is
$5,000,000 in the bill.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President, I
have but a few words to say. I do not know
that I can enlighten any Senator, but it is evi-
dent from the statement made by the chair-
man of the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads that this bill is not very essential
to the Post Office Department". 1 therefore
conclude; and 1 think reasonably, that it is a
bill to promote the interests of commerce;
and if it will promote those interests, promote
them to such a degree that we can afford to
pay that expenditure, I should like to be con-
vinced of it and aid in making the appropria-
tion ; but so far as 1 have information, so far
as I am able to understand this subject, it has
no such tendency; and I beg leave to state
what I regard as a commercial axiom that
there can be no profitable commerce between
two nations in articles of which those two
nations produce a surplus.
I think I can illustrate what I say by a single
example. Indiana and Illinois produce a sur-
plus of corn and wheat. There can be no
profitable commerce in those articles between
those States. I say the same in regard to
foreign nations; and the question comes up in
my own mind whether the productions of Aus-
tralia and the productions of this country are
such as to make trade necessary and impera-
tive from the necessities of the people.- This
proposed commerce is between Australia and
our western coast. Let us look for a moment
at the productions of our western coast. What
are they ? Gold in large amount. What are
they in Australia? Gold in large amount.
Can you exchange the oue for the other with
profit? Not very easily. But what are the
productions of California besides gold ? Grain.
The soil of Australia is as well fitted for
grain and can produce it in large quantities
as well as California ; and therefore there can
be no continued commerce in grain between
those countries. But the Senator from Cali-
fornia will tell me that there have been ship-
ments of grain in large quantities from Cali-
fornia to Australia. It is true; but they were
under peculiar circumstances, circumstances
which only occur occasionally. At the time
the mines were first discovered in Australia,
men left their agricultural pursuits and rushed
to the mines, and men rushed to Australia from
all parts of Europe, and there was a deficiency
of agricultural products which made a demand
for those which weie produced on our western
coast. But from that year to the present, from
the time men began to feel the necessity of
turning their attention to agricultural pursuits
in Australia and leave in some measure the
mining interests, the wheat and the grain of
that country have been increased and the
importations from our western coast have
diminished.
Another fact: Australia produces wool in
immense quantities. There are seventeen
hundred miles of coast from rthe southern to
the northern point all over the eastern shore,
and ranging from the shore back to the mount-
ains fifty or a hundred miles; those hills are
covered with sheep and with cattle. So that
the production of Australia, together with
the adjacent islands, is probably not less than
one hundred and thirty million pounds of wool.
How is it with Oregon and our western coast ?
There are flocks there, much to the credit of
the people, and they are raising this year, ac-
cording to estimate, not less than twenty-five
million pounds of wool. Now I ask, can Cali-
fornia use that wool? No, she seeks a market
for it. Can Australia use her wool? No, she
seeks a market for it. Transfer it from one
to the other, and have you increased the value?
Not at all. The wool must find some other
market.
So I might speak also of cattle, and I might
say that upon every hill, both in Australia and
California, the cattle range unmolested, and the
quantity of beef and of tallow which can be
produced will be very great; but can you ex-
change the one for the other at a profit? No ;
and therefore I say you do not want any steam-
ship line with a subsidy from the Treasury of
this Government to transport either of the
articles which I have mentioned from one of
these countries to the other.
What, then, must be the object? Why if any
good is to come to this nation from establish-
ing a line which shall equal the cost that is
proposed, it must be in consequence of the
transit of commercial articles across the con-
tinent. Wool is wanted. Wool has never
been in such demand since I have known any-
thing about manufacturing as it has been
within the last twelve months, and rarely have
the prices ranged as high as they do to day ;
and let me say to the honorable Senator fchat
it is because of this high price, not merely on
the eastern coast of this country, but in Europe
and all over the world ; it is because the prices
of wool have advanced so rapidly, that you
have brought your two or three thousand bales
to San Flancisco and transported them profit-
ably across the continent. But I say to you
that wool as it is produced in that country is
too heavy an article and too bulky to be trans-
ported with economy, and it is only in a pecu-
liar state of the market that you can ever
bring wool across this continent. London is
the central market for the wools of Australia,
and it has furnished the world with wool from
Australia until quite recently ; and it is only
because the price of wool has been so high as
to make it profitable for men in the eastern
section of this country to seek it from Austra-
lia direct, rather than in London.
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. What is the reason we cannot
make this a wool market as well as take it to
London ?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. You may make this
a wool market to a certain extent. Without
any doubt you can make this a wool market
for all that is needed in this country ; but there
must be a very great and serious change in
mercantile matters and business operations
before you can take the wool from London as
a center.
Mr. NYE. One object of this subsidy is to
commence and make a beginning in changing
that market. That is the object.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I thank the Senator
for suggesting the object. The way to accom-
plish his object is to row up stream agaiust the
current, against the current'of business and
agaiust the currentof commerce, and you may
just as well pour money from the Treasury of
this country into the hands of the farmers of
Connecticut to induce them to raise wheat, so
as to compete in the market with, the wheat
of Illinois.
Mr. NYE. My friend will remember that
the present seat of commerce has been estab-
lished by up-hill rowing for centuries.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. It is a great deal
easier to take it according to the natural course
of trade. I have no doubt that if we should
spend $5,000,000 annually in establishing this
line of steamships ihe commerce between Aus-
tralia and this country would be increased, but
the question with me is whether it will be worth
the cost.
I have stated, Mr. President, that the com-
merce between our western coast and Aus-
tralia cannot be of value. In what, then, can
the commerce of the two countries consist?
Australia must buy that which she needs. She
does not need wool ; she -sells it. She does
not need wheat, for she raises it. But the
statement in the report of the committee re-
fers to the importations, amounting to some
forty-three million dollars, and it is admirably
worded:
"The seven colonies of Australasia imported in
one year, of what might be designated as American
merchandise
Was it American merchandise? They do
not say it was.
Mr. RAMSEY. It was carried indirectly,
taken from England and shipped down that
way. We have uo direct trade.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Was any of it from
this country ?
Mr. RAMSEY. From this country.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Not $43,000,000
from this country ; 1 beg pardon.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am not speaking of the
amount, but the character of the trade. A
great deal of agricultural machinery is shipped
to London, and then shipped to Melbourne
and the islands.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Iagree tothat. Some
of it will go at any rate ; but what do they
want to purchase in Australia? They want to
purchase just the articles named here, articles
which are spoken of as American merchan-
dise, and very properly American merchan-
dise. They are hardware, tobacco, boots and
shoes, turpentine, and other articles, all, with
