4258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
Mr. HILL. Allow me to remind the Sen-
ator that this Government has recovered by
suit the postages due by postmasters to it after
the ordinance of secession was passed.
TUe PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. NORWOOD. I ask the attention of
the Senator from Ohio to oue fact in this con-
necfion. Solomon Cohen, postmaster at
Savannah up to the time of hostilities, died
duiing the war. After the war the sureties on
his official bond were sued, and the Govern-
ment held those sureties responsible upon his
bond up to the last of May. There was a suit
also against John Boston as collector of that
port; and my impression is that he was held
liable as collector up to the 31st of May. The
postal arrangements continued in Georgia,
notwithstanding the ordinance of secession
was passed on the 19t.h of January, up to that
period, and the officers of the Government
were held liable on their bonds up to that
time. I think, therefore, that if these con-
tractors are paid at all they should be paid for
carrying the mail during the time the Govern-
ment held the service in operation in those
States.
Mr. ALCORN. I desire to notice one
point made by the honorable Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] and that is with re-
gard to the liberality with which he charac-
terized this legislation on the part of Con-
gress. I would not put it on such a ground.
It is no liberality, it is simple justice. What
is the rule of law as between individuals?
(Jan the Government assume any other posi-
tion with regard to its creditors than that
■which it by law fixes as the relation to exist
between citizens? The citizen of the South
now can sue the citizen of the North, although
the citizen of the South was a rebel, for a
claim that attached, before the war. You
have made no provision that suits should be
barred on account of the rebellion. There is
no provision in the law that requires a party
to prove his loyalty before he brings a suit
against a loyal person. Then, upon what plea
is it that the Government of the United
States requires such a prerequisite here in
order to prevent a claim against the Govern-
ment? These are claims against the Govern-
ment admitted, ascertained by its own depart-
ment up to a certain period, and that is
the 31st of May, 1801. It is a fact known to
the history of the country that the railroads
in the South wore not disturbed or seized by
the confederate government until long after
the 31st of May, 1801. They wore finally
seized by the government, controlled by the
government, with or without the consent of
the owners. I happen to know that in the
State which I in part represent not one single
railroad president was in favor of the rebel-
lion ; but he had to yield, and was compelled
t# yield his road to the use of the rebellion.
But there was a provision in the section
that I think was proper ; it would covera con-
tingency: but it has been stricken out. I will
contend for nothing here that I do not believe
is right. If these parties did receive from the
confederate government payment, for t he trans
portaiion of the mails they should not demand
and ought not to be entitled to have compen-
sation from the Government of the United
States. If the confederate government paid
them any portion of the amount, whatever
portion it did pay should be held on the part
of the railroad contractor as an abandon-
ment of his contract with the Government of the
United States to that extent, and he certainly
ought not to be entitled to pay here also. I
would vote for a restriction of that kind,
because it would be, in my judgment, just and
right.
Mr. ROBERTSON. The State of South
Carolina passed the so-called ordinance of
secession on the 20th of December, 1860. The
United States mail contractors continued to
perform their service until the 31st of May,
1861. They were recognized and paid by the
Government until I think a few mouths pre-
vious to that time. The mails were regularly
made up at Washington and went through
without trouble or molestation as they are
now going through. The services were ren-
dered until about the time actual hostilities
began, when it became unsafe to transport the
mail, and all mail facilities were cutoff. I
think it an act of simple justice to pay the
parties who performed their duty, many of
whom were opposed to the rebellion and never
did act with it. My friend from Ohio speaks
as if these were claims of the confederate gov
ernment. This is not to pay the so-called
confederate or rebel government, but it is to
pay individuals and corporations for services
rendered to the United States. I think the
Senate understands this question, and there-
fore I am not disposed to make any further
remarks, but to ask for a vote.
Mr. THURMAN. When 1 heard the amend-
ment of my colleague my first impulse was to
vote for it; but on reflection I think it is wrong
in principle. This is really a question of con-
tract. Here was a contract between the Gov-
ernment of the United States and certain per-
sons who undertook to carry the mail. If they
performed their contract, they are entitled to
their pay, whether it was performed in loyal
territory or disloyal territory. How can the
fact that it was performed in disloyal territory
deprive them of the contract price of a contract
which they have performed? One would think
that it would give them more right to be paid
that they had, at risk perhaps, performed their
contract in hostile territory. It' wo were at
war with Great Britain, and it was essential to
the Government of the United States or im-
portant for it to have mails carried through
Canada, and a contractor should undertake to
doit and to carry the mails through the hostile
or enemy's country, surely we could not, with
any face, say, "We will not pay you because
you are iu the enemy's country." So if our
contractor has faithfully performed bis con
tract to carry our mails in hostile territory, it
seems to me rather a more meritorious service
than a less meritorious service. It would
seem to give him more right to his pay than
if lie had no obstruction, no danger to meet.
Therefore it aeems to tne simply a question
whether these persons performed their con-
tract where the Government required tliein to
perform the contract. Did the Government
cease to require them to perform their con-
tract in any State when that State seceded, or
did it require them to go on and perform their
contract? If it did, then just so long as they
obeyed the requisition of the Governmentand
performed their contracts, just for that time
they ought to be paid. What that time was I
do not know; but. the committee report up to
the 31st of May, 1861. I can only follow the
committee in_the absence of any knowledge
myself: and if the committee are right m
assuming that the Government did require the
performance of this service up to the 31st of
May, 1861, and that the contractors did per-
form the servicc up to that time, then I do
not see that the secession of the southern
States has anything whatever to do with the
question. The Government of the United
States never admitted the validity of that
secession, never admitted that that put an end
to the contract or relieved the contractors,
never admitted that it could not send t.he
mails wherever it pleased over the United
States, and if it employed contractors for that
purpose, or required those under contract to
perform the service, I eannot see that seces
siou has anything to do with their payment.
Mr. HOWE. There is some difficulty in
maintaining that a debt which the Government
of the United States owed to Mr. A or Mr.
B on the 31st of May, 1861, or at any other
time, was avoided orconfiscated or invalidated
by the treason or any other crime, that that
individual might have committed afterward.
I think war does not invalidate debts existing
at the time it breaks out, but it probably sus-
pends the collection of those debts during the
war. The obligation itself and the right to
recover on that obligation revive when peace
comes. That is my recollection of the matter.
But these obligations are of a somewhat
peculiar character. I thiuk the section is
drawn upon a mistaken principle in providing
the_ 31st, of May, if that is the date, up to
which these obligations should be redeemed.
Certainly we did uot owe anything to anybody
who did not render service for the United
States ; and I suppose, speaking from the his-
tory of these transactions, it would be very
evident to us all thjit nobody was carrying the
mails for the United States in many of those
Stales after the bombardment of Port Sumter.
Mr. HILL. Will the Senator allow tne to
say to him that I received the New York papers
as regularly by mail in the mouth of May. 1861,
as I did in May, 1860 ?
Mr. HOWE. I recollect very well that in
March, 1861, when it was very earnestly de-
bated whether the Union was already dissolved
or not then, some gentlemen, reasoning, I
think, not very profoundly, said " Certainly the
Union is not dissolved; are we not carrying
the mails regularly between Charleston and Bos-
ton, and between Charleston and New York?"
I remember it was retorted, I thought somewhat
severely, but with considerable truth, by a
Senator then on the floor from the State of
Virginia, "You are carrying the mails, to be
sure; we permit you to carry the mails for
us;" and that word "permit" was repeated
several times. My recollection is that a large
amount, I do not know how much, of the
earnings resultiwg from this very service was
confiscated by those governments; at all events
that it did not get into the Treasury of the
United States. Now, it seems to me very cer-
tain that no Senator on this floor will insist
that we ought to pay men who carried the
mails, though they might have had a contract
with the United States to carry them, who
turned right around and plundered the money
which they earned by carrying the mails.
Should you not, at all events, provide that no
one shall be compensated who did engage in
this plunder? Whoever did engage iu the rebel-
lion did engage in that very transaction which
resulted in the plunder, that is to say, which
resulted in depriving the United States of the
results of their earn lugs. It seems to me very
evident that you should guard against that.
Those men for that reason should not be paid.
They did not work for us, they worked for
themselves, or they worked for another com-
munity, because they took the very proceeds
of their labor or helped to take it and apply it
to another community.
Mr. SAULSBURY. It seems to me this
is a very plain question. I understand that
these parties had contracts with the Gov-
ernment of the United States to carry the
mails up to the 30ih of Jane, 1861, and
that the Government chose to let those con-
tracts exist until the 31st of May, at which
period it gave notice that it would terminate
the contracts. 1 hen, by the action of the Gov-
ernment itselt, the time was fixed for which it
was liable under those contracts, and I under-
stand that the records of the Post Office De-
partment show the precise amount which ia
due to the parties with whom the Government
had contracted up to that time. Now, it be-
comes a question not simply of contract, as
my iriend from Ohio says, but it becomes
a question whether the Government of the
United States will here openly repudiate its
obligation according to its own statement and
according to its own records.
For oue, as a Senator on this floor, I cannot
willingly sit by and see the Government of the
United States placed in the false position of
repudiating its just obligations, whether to a
citizen in South Carolina or Georgia, or any-
