1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
623
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Senator from Kansas—Report.
Senate.
at Pittsburg I saw Mr. Fuller and bis wife,
and from there we traveled on together. A3
to that newspaper matter, after General Lane's
death we had no paper at Lawrenee. The
Journal men came and asked us to help them,
and we (Mr. Pomerox and I) agreed to do so,
giving them not money but our notes. The
johnson party afterward nominated a ticket
and the Journal supported it, and of course
we did not pay the notes. It went to suit, and
we beat them.
By Mr. Pomerot:
Question. Does that record show it? [Sub-
mitting the report of the joint committee of
investigation appointed by the Kansas Legis-
lature of 1872 to investigate senatorial elec-
tions ol 1807 and 1871, and indicating the
record of the case of Reynolds vs. Pomerot
and Clarke, pages 201-272, which will be found
at the end of the testimony of this witness.]
Answer. Yes, sir; that is the record of the
case printed there. I never went near the suit.
Congress was in session. I understand that
my attorney, and I suppose Mr. Pomerot's in
the answer that he put in, stated that these
notes were given against public policy. That
is the only ihing that looks bad about ft, but
I take it that there is no force in that. That
is all there is about it.
By Mr. Logan:
Question. The question is what you gave
that fur?
Answer. We gave that to have the paper
support the party; because without it we
aniicipated we should be without a paper
there.
Question. You gave it to sustain the paper,
it being the only paper of the party there'?
Answer. Yes, sir; it was to sustain the
paper.
The record of the case of Reynolds vs. Pome-
rot and Clarke, submitted to the witness
abovp, and shown in the certified copy ot the
report of the joint committee of the Kansas
Legislature ol 1872, is as follows:
civil action.
M. W. Reynolds vs. s. C. Pomekoy and Sidney
Clarke.
Be it remembered that heretofore, to wit, on the
22d day of February, A. D.1870, an^J at tho February
term, A. D. 1870, of the district court, sitting in and
for Douglas county, Stale of Kansas, among others
tbe following proceedings, to wit, were bad:
Milton W. Reynolds, plaintiff, r*. Samufl C. Pome-
roy and Sidney Clarke, defendants. Civil action.
This day came the said plaintiff, bv Riggs, ^ evison
& Foote, his attorney*, a'ld the said defendants, by
their attorneys, A. H. Horton, Akin & Barker, and
in open court the said parties waived a trial by jury
in this action, and submitted the same to the court
upon the issue joined between the parties, and tbe
court alter hearing the evidence ami argumentsof
counsel, do find as facts in this ca^e as follows : ttiat
on the 12th day of March, A.D. 1866, the defendants
made the promissory notes as stated in the petition,
and delivered the same toG. A. Reynolds, tbe agent
ot M, W. Reynold*; that the consideration for the
notes was the promise on the parr of M. w. Rey-
nolds, through his agent, George A. Reynolds, to use
his newt-puper, the Lawrence State Journal, to in-
fluence the reelection of Sidney Clarke to Congress
and the reelection of Saiii'KL C. Pomkrot to the
United States Senate; that M. W. Reynolds did, m
pursuance ol his agreements, endeavor to influence
and secure the reelection ot Sidney Clarke to Con*
gress, up to ibo time of the nomination ot Clarke by
a convention of delegates of a party of the people
of Kansas in September, 1860, and did endeavor to
influence and secure the reelection ot Samuel t.
Po :kkuy to the United States Senate up to tue time
of the election of Pomrroy by the Legislature of the
State of Kansas in January, A. D. 1S67 ; and the
court do therefore further find, as a conclusion of
law in tmsease, that the contract attempted to be
entered into was uguinst public policy and void. It
is theiefore considered and adjudged by the court
here that said pluiutifi ought not to have Ins said
action against t he saiidefendants or either of then);
and it is therefore further ordered and adjudged
bv the court that the s-aui defendants recover ot
paid plaintiff the costs herein expended— taxed $ .
To ali of which findings and judgment of tht^ court
the said plaintiff, by his counsel, duly excepted and
gave notice of a motion—of anew trial ot said action.
State of Kansas, douglas county:
I, B, D. Palmer, clerk of the district court sitting
within and for said county and State, hereby eertuy
that the above and foregoing is a true and correct
copy of the order and pr>ceedtngs of the curt in
the above case as t he same now appear of record in
my office.
Witness my band and tbe peal of said court this
21st day of Febrnary, A. d. 3872.
[L. s.j R. D. PALMER, Clerk.
Depositions of sundry witnesses taken before me,
Niaholas C-tllan, a notary public, in and tor the
county of Washington, m the District of Columbia,
on the 31st day of January, 1&70, between the hours
of eight o'clock a. m. and six o'clock p. m., at the
office of said Nicholas Caliau, No. 448, Fifteenth
street, in said county and district, pursuant to the
annexednoticeto beread in evideneeon behalfof the
defendants in the cause pending in the Douglas county
district court, in Douglas county. State of Kansas,
in which Milton W. Reynolds is plaintiff, and Sam-
uel C. Pomeroy and Sidney Clarke are defendants in
said cause.
Samuel C. Pomeeoy, of lawful age, being by me
first duly examined, cautioned, and solemnly sworn,
deposeth and saith : That his home is in Atchison
county, in the State of Kansas, and that he has
resided in said State since 1854; that he is now at
Washington, District of Columbia, in attendance
upon the session of the Senate of the United States,
and must of necessity remain at Washington, Dis-
trict ot Columbia, during all the present session of
Congress, which will extend beyond March 1,1870,
and cannot be present at tbe February term, 1870, of
the district court of Douglas county, Kans.is, on
account of his oublic duties as such United States
Senator from Kansas, and, further, that he knows
the plaintiff and signed the notes mentioned m the
petition of the plaintiff in the above entitled suit;
that there was no consideration paid to himself or
to Mr. Clarke, either by George A. Reynolds or Mil-
ton W. Reynolds, at the time of signing said notes
by him and Mr. Clarke; and at the date of toe said
note3 neither himself nor Mr. Sidney Clarke was
owing or indebted to eitherGeorge A. Reynolds or
Milton W. Reynolds for any money whatever; that
the notes were signed and delivered without consid-
eration being paid to either himself or Mr. Clarke,
or to any one of us; that George A. Reynolds, tbe
prayer of the notes, acted for the plaintiff, M. W.
Reynolds, and was his ageot in this transaction;
that while tbe plaintiff well knew under what cir-
cumstances the saiddefendant signed and delivered
the said notes to George A. Reynolds for tbe benefit
of the plaintiff at the time said notes weresiened
and delivered, and was familiar with all the facts
concerning tbe purposes lor which said notes were
given and delivered, both at the date of the note
and even before he received them from his brother,
George A. Reynolds, the plaintiff obtained said
notes with full notice of all the facts con-
nected with their delivery to George A. Reynolds.
And he further states that at the date of the
notes, the said Milton W. Reynolds was connect-
ed with the State Journal, so called, a newspaper
published at Lawrence, Kansas, and was editor of
said paper, and continued to be editor and pub-
lisher of that paper until about February, 1869, when
it was merged into what is known as the Lawrence
Republican Journal. And the deponent further
states that he was at the times, is now, and was for a
longtime before the date of said notes, a member
of the Republican p.irry—a life-long advocateofthe
principles of freedom to all, and of the equality of
all men before the law; and that being thus inter-
ested in the success of the principles of the Repub-
lican party, and of thesuccessofthemembersof that
party in Kansas especially, be did, at tbe instance
of the plaintiff, at the date of signing said notes,
together with his coaffiant, Sidney Clarke, express a
willingness to aid and assist said plaintiff in^the
publication of the said Journal at Lawrence, Kan-
sas, provided the said plaintiff would continue to
publish such paper as a Republican paper, and
would in such paper support, sustain, and advocate
the principles and faith of the Republican party,
then existing in Kansas and other States of the
Union, and would in his paper in future, after the
date of said note, support and urge the election of
the nominees of the Republican State convention
of Kansas lor the vear 1866 and thereafter, aud the
nominees of the Douglas county Republican con-
vention of the same year; that iu consideration ot the
execution and delivery of the said notes to the said
plaintiff by the defendants, tbe said Milton W. Rey-
nolds then agreed, and thesaid George A. Reynolds,
f<«r and in his behalf, agreed that the soid Syte
Journal should bo published by him as a true Re-
public m paper, devoted to the success ot the Re-
publican party in Kansas, and the advoc ues of the
nominees of the party in Kansas in 1S66 and there-
after; and especially promised, in con>ideratiou of
obtaining said notes so sued on, that be. the plain-
tiff, would directly audind-reetly. through his wi ,t-
ings in thesaid State Journal, published at Law-
rence, Kansas, endeavor to procure the election of
all the nominees o1 said Stateconvention in Kans-as,
at the November election of that year, lor and to
the offices for which they were so nominated, and
would also support and endeavor to procute the
election of the Republican Senators at the hand?. of
tho Legislature of Kansas of 3807. And deponent
further states that upon said agreement and prom-
ises on the part of the plaintiff, said note" were
executed and delivered to George A. Reynolds, for
Milton W, Reynolds, his brother; aad further, that
in 1866, after the date of said notes, and before ttey
became due, the Republicans of the State met in
convention and nominated a fall set of candidates
for State officers in Kansas, and among the persons
so nominated were S. J. Crawford for Governor, and
the Hon. Sidney Clarke as candidate for Represent-
ative to Congress from tbe State of Kansas, and
tbe said S. J- Crawford and tbe said Sidney Clarke,
with the other persons so nominated at said conven-
tion, were the regular nominee-* of the Republican
party of the State for that year, to be supported by
the republican electors at the (ail election; and
this deponent further states, that the said plaintiff,
soon after the date of said notes, in violation of his
covenants, and promises, and agreements, and long
before either of said notes became due, refused and
! neglected to publish bis said paper, tbe State Jour-
nal, as an exclusively Republican paper, and failed
i and refused to fulfill his said promises and agree-
' merits; and did, before said notes became due, sup-
i port and sustain Democratic principles in his said
! State Journal; and did refuse and fail to su oport and
I advocate, by his writings in said paper, theeleetion of
| thesaidS. J. Crawford to be Governor of fbebtate of
! Kansas and the said Sidney Clarke to be Representa-
| tive in Congress from said State at the tall election
in 1866; and did fail to support and advocate tbe
j election of other of tbe regular Republican State
| convention candidates of 1866; and did fail to sup-
S port and endeavor to elect the county Republican
] candidates from Douglas county for the same year;
I anddid.in violation ofsald promiseandugreements,
S directly and indirectly sustain and advocate, througti
| the columns of the said State Journal, the election
. of James L. McDowell for Governor of Kansas at
1 the fall election of 1866; and did advocate and t-up-
i port the election of Charles Blair to be Represent-
' stive in Congress from Kansas at the fali election
; of 1806; and the said McDowell and the said Blair
were then the Democratic nominees and candidates
1 for positions pgainst the stfid S. J. Crawford and tbe
, said Sidney Cl.«rke; and during the said politic;.!
> canva>s of 1866 the said plaintiff support*.d the
■ claims and urged the election, through the columns
of said Journal, of thesaid Democratic candidate?,
\ and also other Democratic nominees of the Demo-
cratic convention of Kansas tor 1866, and also sev-
; eral Democratic nominees in Doughs county for the
i same year. And the deponent further states that
] during the said canvass of I860 in Kansas, after the
j date of said notes, and before the same bee ime'due,
' the said State Journal, published and edited at Law-
i recce. Kansas, by the said plaintiff, was injurious
i and detrimental to the Republican party and cause
j in Kansas, and used its columns to the injury and
i detriment of the nominees of the Republican party
; in Kansas for 1866; add the course of said paper was
! injurious to the said Sidney Clarke, and to ail tbe
1 advocates of Republican measures and principles
| in the State. And deponent further stuifs that at
! the time and after the said notes became due they
j were never presented to him for payment by said
; plaintiff, and it was distinctly understood between
■ the parties, that tbe support of the Democratic
: party by the plaintiff discharged both Sidney
f Clarke and this deponent from any obligation to
\ aid the paper of which the plaintiff was the pro-
- prietor. And the depouent further states that
] neither of said notes was ever protested, and that
' from the time they were given until jast before the
| commencement of this suit he had no intimation
1 that anything would be claimed from the obliga-
tion. And the deponent further states that in J-m-
' uary, 1867, after or about the time of his reelection
: to the Senate of the United Slates, he had a conver-
sation with the plaintiff, who declared that be was
in sentiment as much a Republican ns the depouent
himself, and that his support of the Democratic or
Johnson party and its candidate during the preced-
ing cauvuss was only becauseof his desire to sustain
his brother, George A Reynolds, in hi* office as
agent of the Seminole Indians, and that he judged
it better for the time being, on that account, to ius-
tain the Johnson party; but th.*t h^reat'er he
intended to support the Republic m party, at l*ast
he should support tbe Senators f'n-m the State,
meaning the deponent and Ilou. E. G. Ross; but
he mado no claim for payment of any money; he
exhibited no notes, and did not speak of Jiny. De-
ponent does remember pajinjr the plaintiff the sum
of $25-'; but that sum was paid at the time of this
deponent s visit to Lawrence and Topeka, s'bout the
beginning of the year 1S67, had no r dja^i to
these notes, and af this lime no notes RCie pre-
sented oi spoken of; but that sum was raid him
upon hi* representation of his expense? at Xopck i
and Lawrence and that ofhis friends in the cmtx-i
for Senators, about the first day of that year. (1607. •
S. C. POMEROY.
Also of Sidney Clarke, of lawful age. who, b?ing
first duly examined,cautioned, and soicma iy
dep> ses and says thyf he resides m tin city ot Law-
rence, and State of Knusas. and is iu'yuain'.cd with
ali tlie parties to lius suit; th-it he is at present a
member of Congress from the K; n,-;s?, ytrd
in attendance upon rhe second session of the Forty-
Fir*t Congress, which will continue beyond the 4ch
of March next, wnien render*, it impossible for him
to be present at the February teioi of the distiiet
court of Douglas count}   uud ho further state< that
in the case ot the above-mentioned suit he signed
the two notes o! $1,00*1, each, with Senator PouE-
itof ; that he frequently conferred with George A.
