1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1571
thing here to bring in in answer to the charges
that the Senator had made against his feliow-
members on this floor.
"Mr. Trumbull. If the Senator will allow me,
I will state to him that I have no means of knowing
exactly how many recommendations I may have
made for ofiiee ; but I do not believe I have made a
dozen in five years "—
The Senator has himself produced papers
here that contain, I think, more than two
dozen recommendations, as I shall have occa-
sion to show—
"and I know it must be utterly untrue that I
made any such number as the Senator states, and
any such statement is not correct. I do not beiieve
there are under the Government of the United
States five persons in office at my instance in five
years."
The Senator was undoubtedly greatly at
fault in his recollection on that subject, as his
own papers show.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no means of
knowing exactly; but I doubt whether there
are five persons in office on ray recommenda-
tion. If the Senator iooks at those papers
he will see that the persons were recommended
by others, and I indorsed papers signed by
others. I have no reason to suppose that the
appointments were at my instance when others
indorsed them also.
Mr. MORTON. I presume there are very
few persons appointed who are indorsed by
only one Seuator. Applicants generally bring
as many recommendations as they can get;
and when 1 said 1 had seen a statement that
the Senator had made one hunired and three
recommendations, I did not mean to say that
he had made these solely, that nobody else
had joined in the recommendations, for that
very seldom occurs. A man who is applying
for an appointment generally gets as much
backing as he can; and the Senator is gen-
erally the last person lie applies to, and he
expects that his recommendation will have
more potency than all the others. But he
gets recommendations ofien to secure the aid
of the Senator. I think recommendations are
brought to me as often to secure my aid as they
are to influence the Departments, and perhaps
ol'tener. And perhaps I have not made a single
recommendation for an appointment during this
administration in which 1 have not concurred
with others ; sometimes I have united with
two or three hundred; sometimes with half a
dozen; but I think I have not made one in
which I have not been sustained by somebody
else. I did not mean to say that the Senator
had made one hundred and three sole recom-
mendations. He could not have so under-
stood me.
That does not meet the point. I said :
" Mr. Mortox. Well, Mr. President, I shall
make no issue of facts with the Senator; but I can
only say, (and I am authorized to say this beeau e he
has been making broad imputations on the motives
of nearly everybody here)"—
That was as I understood it at the time, and
I think my fellow-Senators so understood it at
the time—■
" that I am advised by those in whose veracity I
have the utmost confidence, those who have the
means of knowing, that during this Administration
the Senator bad made one hundred and three recom-
mendations in writing for appointments, and I have
heard it said, too, that 
" Mr. Trumbull. I should like to see some evi-
dence ot that. X should like to see who it is that
has recommended people to office. J. hope the Sena-
tor will offer a resolution and let us see the recom-
mendations of persons to office by Senators."
The first suggestion of offering a resolution
to find out how many recommendations had
beer, made was made by the Senator from
Illinois. The Senator thought afterward on
the Monday following, when the Senator from
New York [Mr. Coxkling] took himat his
word, that it was a small business to find out
how many recommendations a Senator had
made. Now, 1 call the attention of the Sen-
ator to the fact that he is the first Senator
upon this floor, so far as I know, who sug-
gested the propriety of a resolution upon that
subject, and 1 think that when the Senator
from New York followed it on the next Mon-
day, he was merely carrying out the idea of
the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Had not the Senator
from Indiana himself stated that a tabulated
statement bad been made out of my recom-
mendations before?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I was not the first
one.
Mr. MORTON. I say the Senator is the
first one who suggested the propriety of a res-
olution, and I repeat that, and the Senator
does not break the force of it by referring to
what I had said before. I simply replied to
that:
" Mr. Mortox. If the Senator will offer it, I will
vote for it.
"Mr. Trumbull. I want to see some evidence of
this assertion. I sa.y this statement is not true.
" Mr. Mortox. Very well, I leave it just there.
I givo it as I have gotten it "
That was all there was on that subject at
that time. Now, to follow this up a little,
on the next Monday after that, if I remember
correctly, the Senator from New York came
in with a resolution to find out how many rec-
ommendations had been made by the Senators
from certain States therein named, one of
which was the State of Illinois. The Senator
from Illinois seemed to regard that resolution
as offensive, undoubtedly forgetting that he
had first suggested it himself, and in thecourse
of that made some remarks which I under-
stood he intended to apply to myself, although
he did not say so. He said ;
" Sir, I am entirely willing for the investigation,
and I want it to go a little further. I want it to
appearwho the sneaks are that go around in the De-
partments hunting after recommendations. I want
the resolution amended so as to inquire at whose
instance the Secretaries of the Departments have
been engaged in making out tabular statements as
to oneof the members ot this body. I want to know
who it was that called for the information. I want
to know whether that tabular statement was made
out in reference to all Senators or only in reference
to one." * * * * * * *
" Now, Mr. President, I am entirely willing that
the resolution shall pass, and I trust that abuses and
corruptions of the Government are not to be covered
up by attacks upon those who seek to expose them.
It is a matter of very little concern to the people of
this country whether a Senator has recommended
one or two thousand persons for office."
This was what the Senator said on Monday;
it was a matter of very little importance
whether a Senator had recommended one or
two thousand persons for office. That would
have come from me consistently, but coming
from the Senator from Illinois it was very in-
consistent with the fact that he had denounced
Senators in bitter terms for this very thing
only on the Friday before that speech was
made. The Senator seems to have changed
his views in regard to this question; it is a
matter of very little importance, a thing not
worth inquiring about whether a. Senator has
recommended one or two thousand persons
for office. If I agreed with him upon that
question, I might then ask him why talk about
it; why impute to Senators bad motives; why
talk about partisan purposes because we have
made recommendations? He continues:
" It is of great concern to the people of this coun-
try whether improper men are put into ofiiee, dis-
honest and corrupt men, and whether men are
placed there for personal, mercenary, and improper
ends. I want to see this resolution amended soas
to inuuiro further. I want to know at whose in-
stance the tabular statement referred to by the
Senator from Indiana was procui ed. I want to
know from the head of each Department, whether
he has prepared such a tabulated statement in ref-
erence to all the members of' this body ; and if Dot,
for what purpose it wa<= prepared as to one of the
members oi the body. Let us have the whole of the
facts; bring them out; and if anything is to be
made out ot it, let the Senator from New York and
the Senator from Indiana who bring the matter
here have the benefit of it. But so far as I am con-
cerned, I say to those Senators—
" 'Lay on, Macduff,
Anddamn'd be him that first cries, "Hold, enough,"'
when the contest comes. I am willing to meet all
these attempts to shirk and cover up abuses of the
Government by attacking those who come here to
expose them."
The Senator foils into the error of suppose
ing that he was attacked, forgetting that he
had made the attack and that he had first
brought the subject before the Senate, not only
upon that occasion, but upon at least a dozen
others that are within my recollection.
Then I come to what I said in reply. I
responded on the instant, and it may be that I
responded somewhat in the spirit of the re- :
marks made by the Senator from Illinois. It ■
must be admitted that what he said was per-
sonal enough. There could be no misunder-
standing on that point, that he was personal
in his remarks. But I beg to say in regard to
this matter that I have no personal feeling
whatever toward the Senator from Illinois.
I did not speak from that stand-point at all, I
was replying to him, and if I went too far, it
was because I followed him. I said:
"Mr. President, I will say to the Senator from
Illinois thn,t when I said on last Friday that I had
seen a tabulated statement giving the number
of his recommendations, that statement was not
made out at my request. I do not know at whose
request it was made out; but I had seen it, and I
should not have referred to it except for the insin-
uations he had made in his speech in regard to my-
self and others 'hanging on to the skirts of power
for mercenary purposes,' and I have a right to de-
nounce hypocrisy wherever I find it. It any man
comes upon this floor and casts insinuations upon
me that I am seeking for patronage, while he him-
self has gone as far, has recommended in writing
and verbally, has gone to the Executive and de-
manded personally the appointment of relatives
and friends, has been persistent, has been importun-
ate, such a man has no right to come upon this Boor
and cast imputations upon me, and I have a right
without being criticised to call his attention townafc
he has done himself."
In regard to what I refer to here, a personal
solicitation or demand of the President, I had
heard that the Senator—I am speaking frankly,
and he has referred to this matter himself this
afternoon—I had heard that he urgently urged
upon the President the appointment of his
brolher-in-law, Dr. Jayne, as pension agent,
which could only be accomplished by the re-
moval of General Bloomfield, a wounded sol-
dier against whom there was no charge. I
had heard that repeatedly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
of the Senator from whom he heard it.
Mr. MORTON. I had heard it, and I will
ask the Senator now if he denies it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to have
the Senator's information.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator if it is
not true.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator has made
a statement and I call for the information on
which he made it; I should like to know his
authority.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator when he was
on the floor referring to that matter did not
deny that he had personally urged upon the
President the appointment of Dr. Jayne, and I
think he will not deny it now. I gave him the
opportunity and will yield him the floor if he
will deny it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator will not
be permitted to ask me questions to deny
things. If he makes the assertion on his own
authority, I will answer it very promptly.
Mr. MORTON. I was not there ; I did not
hear the personal demand for the appointment
of Dr. Jayne. I stated that I had heard that
he had made it, and I heard it from authority
that I believed implicitly was to be relied upon ;
and now, if it is not true, the Seuator can
deny it. That is a short and easy thing for
him to do, and it is" very proper for him to do
it now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator sup-
pose that he can come into this body, retailing
what may be told him by irresponsible parties,
and that I am to be put in the position of ad-
mitting or denying. If the Senator on his
responsibility makes a statement ^ that calls
for an answer from me, he will get it and very
promptly. If he does not choose to take the
responsibility of making the statement, let him
not shirk under the somebody who has said so.
Let him state his authority for the statement
he has made.
