1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4259
where else. It would be an evil example to
set by The Congress of the United States, sol-
emnly declaring here in the presence and face
of the world that we will repudiate an obliga-
tion which is recognized to be due by the records
of our own Government. It therefore lises
infinitely higher than a mere question of con-
tract : it becomes a question of whether the
Government of the United States will openly
repudiate its acknowledged obligations. As a
Senator on this floor 1 will not consent that
my Government shall be humiliated in the lace
of the world by openly repudiating th# obliga-
tions which it acknowledges itself under.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator trom
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] to the clause proposed
to be stricken out.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. URAGIN. I ask that the amendment
may be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
read.
The Chief Clere. It is proposed to strike
out in line six the words " 31st day of May,
A. D. 1801," and insert "passage of a so-called
ordinance of secession by the State in which
the services were rendered."
Mr. ROBERTSON. I will only say one
word by permission of the Senate. The adop-
tion of tins amendment defeats the whole sec-
tion. The Government paid for mail service
long after the date of the ordinances of seces-
sion in some of the States. The State of
South Carolina, as I said previously, passed
the so-called ordinance of secession on the
20ih of December, 1800, and the Government
paid for mail service there long after that
time, 1 think up to about the 1st of March,
1801. The adoption of this amendment defeats
the whole measure. I hope it will not be
adopted.
Mr. POOL. I am paired with the Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds.] If he were
here he would vote "yea, " and I should vote
" nay. "
The question being taken by yea3 and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays '29; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Buckingham,
Chandler, Cole. Conkling, Cragin, Freiinehuysen,
Harlan,Howe, Morrill of Mnine, Murrillof Vermont,
Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Sherman, Stewart, and
Trumbull—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Casserly.
Cooper, Davis of West Virginia, Flanagan.Hamilton
of Maryland, Hamilton ot Texas, Hill, Hitchcock,
Johnston, Kellogg, Kelly, Lewis, Norwood, Osborn,
Ransom,Rice, Robertson.Saulsbury.Sawyer.Sehuiz,
Sprague, Stevenson, Stockton, Timrman, Vickers,
and West—29.
ABSENT—Messrs. Boreman, Brownlow, Caldwell.
Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton, Corbett. Davis of
Kentucky, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry ot' Connecticut,
Ferry of Michigan, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamlin,
Logan, Morton, Nye, Patterson, Pool, Scott,
Spencer, Sumner, 'Tipton, Wilson, Windom, and
Wright—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CONKLING. If 1 understand the prop-
osition before us, it is the most picturesque
preseutaiion yet made of the idea ot allowing
men who took part in the insurrection, and
who lived in the insurrectionary States, to re-
cover against the Government of the United
States. The amendment of the Senator from
Ohio having failed, the Senate has made pro-
gress toward this result, that we are to pay from
the Treasury lor transporting the mails in the
insurrectionary States after those States were
not only put upon a war footing but had form-
ally adopted ordinances of secession. That,
i repeat, presents to my mind, in a more pic
turesque form than it has been presented
before, the general subject to which the pro-
vision relates.
I have heard from no Senator the reason
stated why these claims cannot be referred to
the Court of Claims or proceeded with there.
I will assume that there is some reason; but
no recommendation from a Department is
here, no claim or petition has been presented
to Congress, as far as I know, and referred to
any committee 
Mr. ROBERTSON. By permission of the
honorable Senator, I will tell him why they
are not referred to the Court of Claims. There
proof of loyalty is required ; and it would be a
difficult matter in my opinion for a corpora-
tion to prove loyalty. I may say further that,
some of the owners of the different railroad
corporations in the South live North, and
there was no question as to their loyalty. It
is proposed to make them all suffer for the
act of the few. These mails were contracted
for by the Government, and the contract was
properly carried out up to the time mentioned.
Not to pay for that service would be simply
repudiation, in my opinion.
Mr. CONKLING. I am glad to hear from
my friend of course; but I differ with him. It
seems the difficulty as to the Court of Claims
is the proof of loyalty which would be required
there. Therefore it is presented to us as a
case, confessedly represented by those who
cannot prove their loyalty and who upon the
ground of disloyalty come here. They come,
1 repeat 
Mr. ROBERTSON rose.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg that my friend will
not interrupt me ; I have but five minutes al-
together and I have almost shared that time
with him already. They com$ without any
recommendation from any Department. They
come having presented no petition that I have
heard of to either House of Congress. They
come without the Committee on Claims of this
House or of the other having examined the
subject at all. And we are asked, with the
Senate in the condition in which we find it,
many Senators from this side being absent, to
hurry to a conclusion in this leap in the dark.
I think we ought to take notice of it. I think
it is a most instructive lesson. I think it
points with unerring finger to some conclu-
sions which lie in the future, and which have
been the subject of controversy heretofore.
Nearly half the Republican Senators are ab-
sent. Let that half remain absent until
questions of this sort can be considered at
large; and what result should we be likely
to have ? I have seen Senators upon the
othep side of the Chamber shocked by the ex-
travagance of suppositions we have heard here
as to what might be in the event of a change
of majorities here. I say to those Senators
that 1 have not heard put as a supposition any
case much more extreme than this, if I under-
stand it, that we are to pay men, confessedly
disloyal because the objection to going into
the ordinary tribunal is that they must be loyal
to go there, that we are to pay disloyal claim-
ants for carrying the mail in the insurrection-
ary States after they were in insurrection and
after by ordinances of secession they went out
of the Union, on paper 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) If the Senator's time is
to include that occupied by the Senator from
South Carolina, he has exhausted his five min-
utes. The Chair does not know what the rule
is in that respect.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not know.
Mr. SAWYER. I hope the Senator from
New York will be allowed to go on.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope the Senator will
be allowed to go on without counting that time.
I do not think it ought to be counted against
him.
Mr. CONKLING. If I am within the rule
I will go on ; but I do not wish to trespass. I
have said in substance all I want to say. I do
not mean to argue the proposition in detail ;
but I repeat that I can hardly see why any
Senator need be shocked by such cases as have
been put heretofore as likely to arise—paying
the rebel debt.to use a familiar phrase, paying
pensions to those who served in the reOel
army—I know not why any Senator need to
be shocked by that if this is to go unchallenged.
It is not the same thing, I am aware : but in
principle, in philosophy, in teaching, and in
destiny this legislation means, as I humbly
conceive, that nothing is to putan end to such
legislation if those who approve of this have
the power and the majority.
Now, Mr. President, one other word. This
provision has found itself in the House bill.
If it is not stricken out here it passes beyond
the power of the committee of conference that
will acton this bill. Thus weareactingfinally
and conclusively, and acting-ill the abs-nce of
nearly one halt', if not quite one half, of the
Republican Senators, 1 call attention to it,
for it marks an epoch, as I think, a new and
distinct step in the progress of this clans of
legislation. 1 shall vote against it at every
stage, and I hope that before we hurry to the
conclusion Senators will pause a little and con-
sider the light reflected upon this general sub-
ject by the provision before us.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Mr. President, it is
painful for me to differ with my distinguished
friend from New York on any occasion. I
love to follow him; but when we disagree I
hope it will be considered that it is an honest
difference. Therefore I thus proclaim that,
upon this occasion we do differ. I think it,
was unnecessary for my friend to have made it
known to the Senate that a number ot'Repub-
licans were absent. I am here as one, an
humble one I know; I feel that I ain, and I
atn considered to be such. There is no mis-
understanding about that. But 1 claim to be
as good a Republican as there is here, I care
not who any other may be.
Justice is what I demand. I look upon this
as no move in a political point of view, either
one way or the other. I know within iny
knowledge a case or two in the State of Texas
where the parties are now applying f.jr money
that is due them by the Government who were
Union men always until thej' went into their
graves. Oue, William B. Parnell, was a
delegate to the constitutional convention in
1806, and in 1868 subsequently a delegate
from the State of Texas to the 0nit-d States
Congress to try to bring about favorable recon-
ciliation and reconstruction. Heis now dead ;
but a better Republican I think never drew
breath than he was.
Mr. CONKLING. Is he one of these
claimants?
Mr. FLANAGAN. His estate is, and a
better man never lived.
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask my friend
from Texas, in whose statement, 1 have entire
confidence of course, why in such a case as
that the parties do not go to the Court of
Claims?
Mr. FLANAGAN. The time perhaps had
elap8ed,and they were a long way off. I went
myself at his instance and presented his claim
at the Department. They looked at it and
adjusted it, and found one thousand or fifteen
hundred dollars to be due him ; but the law
forbade payment of it, and thus it rested. He
is in his grave.
Mr. CONKLING. What law forbids the
payment of it?
Mr. FLANAGAN. The one that forbade
the payment to your humble servant for sub-
sistence that I furnished to the United States
troops when they went to Texas and could not
get it anywhere else. I was glad they should
have it; but when the claim was presented
here, the Treasury Department said, "Oh,
no ; you cannot get it; there is a little law
here; you unfortunately lived in a rebei
State." All right: I submitted, of course.
These are honest debts; I am no advocate for
anything else being paid than hon st debts.
They are all understood at the Department ;
and, by the way. as to those contractors who
carried the mails regularly, the presumption
is that they were Union men, that they were
in sympathy with their Government uutil the
contrary is proven, notwithstanding you have
legislated differently on that branch of the
subject. They went on in good faith and re-
