4260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
gretted it seriously, because it cut them off ia
contracts that they were doing well on. They
went as far as tliey could, however, in good
faith. The Government cannot say that they
acted otherwise; and subsequently in its mag-
r-animit.y it has amnestied them all, including
many, I have no hesitancy in saying, who were
not worthy of it; but sufficient it is that they
are free men now, politically and in every
sense of the word; and as you have settled
up with them politically, pay them what is
due to them, because then you can stand on
the proper basis, as they claim to rest upon at
this time. There never will be any satisfac-
tory adjustment between the different parties
until justice is meted out to one as to the
other.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, my friend
from New York, who is so able to discriminate
between things, seems to have been oblivious,
as it appears to me, when considering this
subject, of the most obvious points of differ-
ence in the world. He likens this to a bill to
pay pensions to the rebel soldiers. Pray, did
the Government of the United States ever
employ anybody to fight against the Union?
The ground upon which payment is here asked
i that these persons were employed by the
Government of the United States to do a par-
ticular service, and they did the servicc ; and
now they ask that you, the other party to the
contract, shall perioral your part of it. They
performed their part, and now they ask that
you shall perform your part,. Is there any
similitude between that, and the case of a rebel
soldier who not only was not employed by the
Government of the United States, but fought
against the Government, and whom the Gov-
ernment of the United States sought to kill
because Ins was fighting against it? There is
nothing in that whatsoever.
Suppose that the Government of the United
States had made a contract with the most dis-
loyal man in the South to.furnish to the Gov-
ernment so many barrels of beef for our
armies, or so many barrels of pork or Hour,
or so many pounds of gunpowder; and he
had done it, had furnished them under his
contract with the Government of the United
States, would you refuse to pay him because
ho was disloyal? What difference is there
between furnishing provisions for ourAiiuy,
or munitions of war lor our Army, and carry-
ing the mail at our request and under our
contract to pay for carrying the mail—carry-
ing the mail to our troops scattered through-
out tile South, and carrying the mail to the
loyal people too? How was it that this mail
wa  carried ? It was carried by order of, the
Postmaster General under the direction of
the Piesident. Mr. Montgomery Blair was
Postmaster General at. that time, and he re-
quired that mail to be carried, anil according
to my recollection it became a subject of debate
in Congress, and the sentiment was that it
was for the interest of the Union that the mail
should be carried, because it enabled the Gov-
ernment to communicate with the loyal people
of the South, it flooded the South with north-
cm newspapers, it Hooded the South, with the
messages and proclamations of the President,
and it was therefore for the interest of the
Government, apart from its direct communi-
cation with the Union men and with our
troops that remained in the South, that the
mail should be carried. But whether that
was so or not, whether that was a mistake or
not, is not the question. It is sufficient that
the Government had this contract, and that it
required the contract to be performed on the
part of the contractor, and that the contractor
did perform it.
Mr. STEWART. I cannot let this pass
without saying one word. It seems to me that
this is carrying the joke too far. I doubt
whether Senators have leally examined this
section so as to know fully and precisely what
it means :
The sum of $250,000, ur so much thereof as may bo
neoessary, is hereby appropriated to pay unsettled
claims against the Government of the United States
on account of services rendered in earring the mails
in the States lately in rebellion previous to the 31st
day of May, A, D. 1801: provided, That before any
payment shall be made under this act,, satisfactory
evidence shall be furnished that no compensation
has beon received from any source for such ser-
vice.
Those who carried the mail were acting
under contracts, and whether they actually
carried mail under them or not, according to
this provision they can come and draw their
money on their contracts. You recognize that
they have a right to draw it up to that time;
aud if they show that they were ready to per-
form the service, of course then they can draw
their money up to the 81st of May, 1801.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him for a moment to read a
sentence from the inaugural address of Presi-
dent Lincoln, which I think is in the line of
the argument? Speaking of what would be
done under his administration, Mr. Lincoln
said :
" In doing this, there needs to be no bloodshed or
violence; and there shall be none, unless it beforced
upon the national authority. The power confided
to mo will bo used to hold, occupy, and possess
tho property and plaoes belonging to the Govern-
ment, aud to collect the duties and imposts; but,
beyond what may be necessary for these objeots,
there will be no invasion, no using of force against
or among the people anywhere. Whero hostility to
the United States, m any interior locality, shall beso
great and univors il as to preventoompotent residont
citizens from holding the Federal offices, thero will be
no attempt to foroe obnoxious strangors among the
people lor.thatobject. While the strict local right
may exist in the Government to enforce the exercise
of these offices, the attempt to do so would be so irri-
tating, and so nearly impracticable witbaf, that X
doom it bettor to forego, for tile time, the usos of
.such offices.
"Tho mails, unless repelled, will continue to be
I'uriHshed m all-parts of tho Union."
That was after the secession of South Caro-
lina and several other States.
Mr. STEWART. That was on the 4th of
March, 1861. They were repelled.
Mr. TUUHMAN. If they were repelled
they were not carried, and there can be no
pay under this section.
Mr. STEWART. I maintain that they
would bo paid under this section whether they
were carried or not.
Mr. THURMAN. No.
Mr. STEW ART. Yes, if they had* con-
tracts, and the Government recognizes those
contracts to be in force aud not broken off by
the event of war. This section recognizes
tho contracts as in force between them and the
Government up to the 81st of May, and they
will be settled for and the parties paid up to
that time.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator will allow me
to say the words of the section are "on
account of services rendered."
Mr. STEWART. Do you suppose the Post-
master General would decide each claim upon
its merits as to a quantum meruit and determ-
ine the amount of service rendered iu each
case ?
Mr. SAWYER. If the contract was not
performed, of course he will not pay for " ser-
vices rendered," the services not having been
rendered.
Mr. STEWART. It is a performance of
the contract as far as the party was concerned
if lie stood ready to perform it. You say here if
he had a contract he shall be paid up to the
31st, of May. If it is proved that he stood
ready to perform it, he will be paid whether
he carried the mail or not.
Mr. NORWOOD. If the books of the Gov-
ernment show the balances due these parties
for carrying the mails, ought they not to be
paid ?
Mr. STEWART. That is not the question ?
Mr. NORWOOD. That is stated here to be
the fact. The accounts with these parties are
brought up to the 31st of May, 1861.
Mr. STEWART. I say under this section
whether the services were rendered or not, if
you roeognize the contract up to the 31st of
May, 1861, you are bound to pay. This is a
recognition of the contract up to the 31st of
May.
Mr. HILL. I will state that in the Post
Office Department I happen to know that they
require proof to be filed of the character of
claims.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time
of the Senator from Nevada has expired.
Mr. STEWART. It has been given away.
I have not had my time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor cannot be interrupted without bis consent.
He has two minutes left, deducting interrup-
tions.
Mr. STEWART. I say that the only meas-
ure of compensation here will be the contract,
and you recognize the contract up to the 31st
of May, 1861, and ou the 31st of May, 1801,
the whole South was in rebellion. You pay
in South Carolina for over four months after
she was in rebellion, after she had passed the
ordinance of secession. You pay for carrying
the mail when loyal citizens could not travel
through that State, and when a letter from a
loyal man would not be delivered. You pay
for carrying the mail under those circum-
stances, and to whom? To parties who brought
on the rebellion, who engaged in the rebel-
lion, and by their acts enabled the southern
confederacy to rob your mails and take the
money on hand at all your post offices. You
pay them for carrying the mail who enabled the
authorities there to take money that resulted
from carrying the mails. It seems to me that
this is carryiug the thing too far. It will not
do. I advise my southern friends not to press
this; it is dangerous; it will be looked upon
as dangerous, and will create a feeling that
will prevent claims that ought to be paid from
being paid. These ought not to be paid. If
there are any meritorious cases they should
be examined on their merits individually;
they should be presented here as claims ; you
should know when the parties carried the
mails and under what circumstances. They
Bhould not be paid iu this way. In fact, there
should be a report in each individual case,
and each bill should be in guarded language.
If you pay in South Carolina, for instance, for
carrying the mail duiing the time war was
flagrant, I say it will injure claims that ought
to be paid, and it had better not be done.
Mr. ALCORN. I wish to say a word in
reply to the Senator from New York and the
Senator from Nevada.
Mr. COLE. I think the Senator has spoken
onee on this question.
Mr. ALCORN. Not on this amendment;
I desire not to violate the rules ; but I rise to
say a word with regard to the point the Sena-
tor from New York made in reference to the
outrage upon the propiieties of Congress there
would be in passing this section and the pre-
cedent it would set. I submit to that honor-
able Senator that in this case he is not at all
antagonized with the rebellion at- the South.
The southern confederacy, so called, is in no
way concerned in this matter. It is the mail-
carrier, the man who rode his mule or his horse
through the swamps of South Carolina or
Mississippi in discharge of a duty to the Gov-
ernment, which he was held under bonds to
perform, and which not to have performed
would have made him liable to prosecution in
some cases. Men have in like cases been
prosecuted and their securities have been
made to pay for the defalcation.
Those persons come here to-day with a
claim against the Government of the United
States, a claim recognized, not, as the Senator
from Nevada says, unascertained, for the mere
contract is no evidence of its performance,
and before the money can be paid under this
section the party must show that he has com-
plied with his contract, performed the service,
discharged the duty, and is entitled to pay.
But when the contractor comes here, the man
who was under bonds to the Government,
and to-day has an adjudicated demand against
