1572
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March IX,
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator cannot avoid the propriety of his answer
by saying that I must first tell from whom I
heard this. I say I was not there ; I presume
nobody else was there when the demand was
made; but I stated it as I had heard it; and
as the Senator himself has personally referred
to Dr. Jayne, I state that I believe that Sen-
ator will not take the responsibility here or
elsewhere of saying that he did not make that
application to the President in person, and
more than oneo, for the appointment of Dr.
Jayne, which could only be accomplished by
the removal of General Bioomfield. Under-
stand me, Mr. President, I do not impute that
to him as a wrong. He has just as much right
to apply for the appointment of his brother-
in-law as he has for the appointment of any
other man, if his brother-in-law is competent,
and I have no reason to suppose he is not com-
petent. He has just as much right to apply for
the appointment of his brother-in-law as to
apply for the appointment of somebody else's
brother-in-law. The fault is not in the appli-
cation; but if there is a fault it is after having
made it to cast imputations upon others for
having done the same thing; and that is all
there is of it. That is the way I came to
make that reference.
That, perhaps, is all that I need say upon
that subject. I have read to you what the
Senator said in response to me, that he had
not, as he believed, made a dozen recom-
mendations for appointments in five years.
Now, the Senator has not, said here to-day
that he has not made one hundred aud three
recommendations in the same form, but he
attempts to break the force of that statement
by saying that in many cases he had simply in-
dorsed the character of others who had made
recommendations.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator wishes
me to make a statement on that point, 1 say
simply that [ never have made one hundred
and three recommendations iu any form. The
papers establish that.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator says one hun-
dred and three. It may be only one hundred
and two.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator is stick-
ling about numbers, as he seems to be. I say
to him distinctly that the papers do not show
one hundred and three, or one hundred either.
Mr. MORTON. It may be only ninety-
nine.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not consider that
it was a matter of great importance; but the
Senator is dwelling 011 numbers.
Mr. MORTON. I am not dwelling upon
numbers except so far as the general aggre-
gate is concerned. The Senator says he did
not make one hundred and three recommenda-
tions. 1 say it may be only ninety-nine. He
says he did not make one hundred; but will
he say that he has not made from seventy to
one hundred?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; I say so. I
have not made recommendations of any kind
from seventy to one hundred. It is no more
a recommendation to refer a paper to a De-
partment than it is to give a letter of introduc-
tion to a gentleman. I do not recommend
him for office. More than half of those are
simply the references of papers.
Mr. MORTON. Now the Senator is taking
a little distinction as to what constitutes a
recommendation. He seemed to "take the
distinction awhile ago that if he recommended
a man along with others that was no reeom-
.mendation. I think that distinction is not
good. He now seems to think it is no recom-
mendation unless he personally urges the
appointment of a man; but I say to him that
if he shall file a paper with the Secretary of
State and say that John Brown, whose name
is signed recommending the appointment of
Johu Jones, is a good man, and that his rec-
ommendation is entitled to credit, and ought
to be honored, -that is his recommendation in
broad common sense, and is so always under-
stood. In looking over these papers I see
that the Senator has only brought papers here
from two Departments. There are papers that
might come from them all. It is found that
he has recommended and personally urged the
appointment of the party himself, or that he
has indorsed those who did recommend and
say that their recommendations ought to be
honored and that they are entitled to credit.
Whenever I indorse a recommendation to
the President, and say to him that the gentle-
men whose names are signed to that paper
are worthy of all credit,, that they are good
Republicans, and that their recommendation
ought to be honored, I consider myself
broadly, in all common sense, as having made
a recommendation; and so does everybody
else. What more could I say, especially in a
case where I did not know personally the mau
who was recommended?
I do not know how many there are here
from the Post Office Department; but I think
between thirty and forty from that Depart-
ment; aud I will call the attention of the
Senator to some of these recommendations.
I cannot read them all. Here is one for
the apjiointment of a postmaster in Carroll-
ton, Greene county, Illinois. Mr. Trumbull
wiites as follows to the Department;
" So far as I am advised, the within represents the
feelings and wishes of the people at Carrollton.
The signers, many of them, are known to me as
prominent liepublicans."
This is one of the kind that I suppose he
says is no recommendation. He says this
appointment is according to the wish of the
people of Carrollton, and that the persons
whose names are signed are good Republicans.
Now I want to call the attention of the Senate
to the point that in this recommendation he
recognizes political influence, he urges the
appointment of this man because the persons
recommending him are good Republicans. In
his speeches upon civil service to-day and upon
all other occasions he has denounced political
influence; he has said that these appointments
ought not to be made because a man is of this
politics or of the other ; but the question is, is
he honest, is he capable. But in this very first
recommendation here he recognizes political
influence and says the men recommending
this man ate good Republicans.
I come down to Chicago, the most important
post office in the State of Illinois, and I invite
the attention of the Senate to the Senator's
recommendation there. He writes, " I most
cordially indorse and recommend the appoint-
ment of Colonel Eastman," I suppose there
is no doubt, about that being a recommenda-
tion. No distinction can be taken by which
the effect of that will be destroyed, and if there
is any place in the world where a man ought
to be appointed simply because he is compe-
tent, without regard to politics, it is Chicago,
Illinois. The post office there is a-very large
machine. The Senator comes forward with a
positive and very direct recommendation.
Now I come to Duquoin, Perry county, Illi-
nois, March 11, 1809. Mr. Trumbull writes:
"I am satisfied that the within represents the
wishes of the people of Duquoin, and that Mr. Gass
is a fit person for the place. I recommend his
appointment."
I think comment upon that is hardly neces-
sary.
Then take Havana, Mason county, Illinois,
March 8, 1869. Upon petition for reappoint-
ment of 0. C. Eastman, incumbent, Senator
Trumbull writes as follows:
"The within is from reliable gentlemen, and I
indorse their recommendation."
I suppose that is a recommendation.
I come next to Litchfield, Montgomery
county, Illinois, in which case the Senator
writes :
" I am personally acquainted with Dr. Hood, and
recommend his appointment. He is every way quali-
fied and lit for the place."
Is there any objection to that as a recom-
mendation ?
Then coming down to Marshall, Clark coun-
ty, Illinois, the Senator says :
" I am personally acquainted with several of tho
signers of the within, and know them to be promi-
nent and reliable citizens of Marshall. I cheerfully
indorse their recommendation, and trust the Post-
master General may find it consistent with his sense
of public duty to give Mr. Frost the appointment."
Is that a recommendation ? And I want to
remark right here that when the Senator has
made one recommendation, he has recognized
the principle; and it makes no difference, so far
as his example is concerned, whether he ha3
made one or has made one thousand, when
he makes one recommendation he recognizes
the principle of it; and whether he has made
one hundred or has made five hundred it is
simply a question of degree, it is not a ques-
tion of principle. The Senator has not only
recognized the propriety of making recom-
mendations, but, as 1 shall further show, of
making them upon political grounds.
Coming down to Pana, iu Christian county,
we find the Senator on the 8th of March, 1869,
writing:
" I respectfully recommend Mr. Bird's appoint-
ment."
If the Senator was to make an argument
that nothing would be a recommendation
unless the word " recommend " is contained
in it, it would hardly be a sound argument. I
call his attention to the fact that he uses the
word "recommend" in all these which I
have read. Then, again, he goes on to say in
regard to this very thing, March 15, 1869 :
"At the time I indorsed Mr. Bird's application
for postmaster at Pana, Illinois, I had forgotten that
Mr. Phillips was an applicant, and of my promise to
indorse his application."
The Senator here recognized the propriety
of making a promise, but he had got too many
promises out in this case, or had recom-
mended the appoiutineut of Mr. Phillips and
had forgotten it, and subsequently signed the
application of the other gentleman. Then he
goes 011 to say :
" Both are good men, but so far as my indorse-
ment is to have weight, Mr. Phillips is entitled to
its benefit."
Why? Because he had first promised Mr.
Phillips. I do not think there was anything
wrong in making the promise, and it was very
easy to forget it; but the Senator places
himself, it occurs to me, in a censurable posi-
tion when he finds fault with others for doing
just what he has done himself so repeatedly.
I cannot read all, but I will read on a little
while longer. We now come to Petersburg,
Menard county, Illinois, in which case he
writes :
"I recommend the within to the favorable con-
sideration of the Postmaster General."
The man was appointed, and I find that most
of those were appointed that the Senator
recommended. I forgot to notice that as I
went on. I suppose that is a recommenda-
tion. He does not say " I recommend this
man to be appointed postmaster," but only
" I recommend the within to the favorable
consideration of the Postmaster General." I
think that would be good as a recommenda-
tion upon general demurrer.
Now I come down to Pittsfield, Pike county,
Illinois. Senators Trumbull and Yates write
as follows :
"We recommend Mrs. Louisa M. Gilmer for:
postmaster at Pittsfield, Illinois. She is every way
qualified and competent for the position, and we
believe her appointment would be satisfactory to
those interested. Pittsfield is in a Democratic dis-
trict."
That gives the reason why the -Senator in-
terfered. It is a Democratic district; it is
not proper for the Democratic Representative
to interfere in that case, and the business goes
into the hands of the Senators. Therefore he
recommends. Perhaps he does not consider
this a recommendation because Senator Yates
united with him!
I come down now to Princeton, Bureau
