3364
THE COtfGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
sion at the rate of $2,000 per annum, from and after
the passage of this act.
The amendment was agreed to
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
GEORGE F. CUTTER.
Mr. CRAGIN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 171.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 171) for the relief of
Paymaster George P. Cutter. It proposes to
authorize the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury Department to credit George P. Cutter,
paymaster in the United States Navy, with the
sum of $254 in coin, now checked against him
on the books of that Department, being the
amount stolen from the funds of the United
States on board the ship Piscataqua, in the
harbor of Yokohama, Japan, in September,
18C8.
Mr. POMEROY. Is there a report in that
case ?
Mr. CRAGIN. There is no report, but I
have a statement in regard to it here. This
bill passed the House at the last. Congress, and
I will read what was said very briefly at that
time by Mr. Stevens, who reported it from the
Committee on Naval Affairs in the House:
" Mi. Sri-n ions. It. is a very small mutter, and if
tho itelillooiuil will Kivo mo his altnntiou twill itulo
the whole tacts in a moment. In September, 1SUK,
the Treasury chrsr.on bo;ii\i the stoiunei' l'isont <|ua
whh hrokon inlo and $2ot df Mi'X io:in coin Molcn
lVom the steamer. The parlies who committed the
theft. were tried, convicted, end went to the peniten-
tial y. The paymaster whs oxoncialod by loo court
l'rom all blame. itnd, according to I lie UMiiil custom
in suehcases where tile loss otherwise would fall on
nil innocent, party, we have reeoiutnendod thai tiiis
uionuy should be paid.
Mr. HAM UN. What is the amount ?
Mr. CRAGIN. Two hum]red and fifty-four
dollars. The board exonerated the paymaster,
and the thieves were arrested ami punished.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to ho I'ngiossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
1UU1UET 11. PKNDMSTON.
Mr. CRAGIN. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. lifili) for the reliefof Mrs. Harriet li. Pen-
dleton, widow of George H. Pendleton, late
of the United States Navy, was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It provides that
Mis. Ilaniet. B. Pendleton, widow of Ueorgu
II. Predict on, late acting master of the Uni-
ted Stales Navy, who was captured .January
7, J KIM, on tliu coast of South Carolina, in the
discharge of his dulit's, shall he entitled to re-
ceive tilt! share of all prizes captured by the
United Slates slenmer Montgomery during the
time of his imprisonment, to 'which vessel
George II. Pendleton was attached at the time
of his capture, and that his name shall be con-
sidered as being borne upon the ship's books
the same a? though he had been temporarily
absent. If'tlie money for these prizes, or any
of them, has already been distributed, then
the Secretary of the Navy is authoiized to
order the payment to be made from the moiety
thereof belonging to the United States.
Mr. POMliltOY. Is there any amount
provided for to be paid, or is it indefinite ?
Mr. CKAGIN. The bill explains itself as
well as it can. This man was captured and a
prisoner, and while he was a prisoner and
his name not borne on the roll, the vessel to
which he was attached took certain prizes.
This is to give him his share of the prize-
money as though he had been" temporarily ab-
sent. What the amount is, I know not. It
does not come out of the Treasury, I will say
to the Senator, but out of the moiety belong-
ing to the crew. I have no doubt there is a
balance moiety remaining.
Mr. SHERMAN. The moiety of the Uni-
ted States goes into the naval pension fund;
that is, it comes out of the Treasury of the
United States, in point of fact. It is lucky
for a man to be a prisoner if he gets his
share of the prize-money and is relieved from
the burdens and toil of the day. •
Mr. CRAGIN. The-bill is admitted to be
entirely just.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
PROFESSORS OF MATHEMATICS.
Mr. CRAGIN. I move to proceed to the
consideration of Senate bill No. 417, fixing
the rank of professors of mathematics in the
United States Navy.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It proposes to amend the
ninth section of the naval appropriation bill,
approved March 3, 1871, by inserting,' after
the clause relating to the chaplains, the follow-
ing clause :
There shall bo throe professors of mathematics,
who shall havo the relativo rank of captain ; four
that of ooiumandor; and fivo that ot lieutenant
comniandor or lieutenant."
Mr. SE1E KM AN. I think that is a singular
bill.
Mr. CKAGIN. Allow me to explain. In
the hill fixing the rank of staff ollicers a few
years ago, in the committee of conference
this clause was agreed to, but the elerk in
making out, the report omitted this provision.
It is simply to correct that error that this bill
is introduced.
Mr. SHERMAN. A professor of mathe-
matics is merely a stall' olliccr, I presume, at
the Naval Academy.
Mr. CRAGIN. Some are there, and some
are at the Observatory here.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is a mere mode of
getting increased pay.
Mr. CKAGIN. It does not affect the pay
at all. 11, is relative rank (inly—a mere matter
of ceremony.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does it not affect the
pay at all?
Mr. CKAGIN. Not nt all.
Mr. SHERMAN. They may put on all the
fuss and feathers they choose if it does not
affect the pay.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why not put a clause
of that kind in?
Mr. CRAGIN. It is simply that they may
have the relative rank of captain ; ncft the pos-
itive rank, but the relative rank. I am per-
fectly willing^ to put on a proviso if the Sen-
ator from Illinois desires it, but this does not
all'oct the pay.
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out. amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
W. J!. CUSltlNQ,
Mr. CKAGIN.- I move now to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 171!.
'IV motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 173) extending' the provisions of the act
of July 10, 1802, granting ten years' additional
active service to certain officers, to Lieutenant
Commander W. B. Gushing, was considered
as m Committee of the Whole. The bill ex-
tends the provision, of the net approved July
lb, 1802, granting ten years' additional ser-
vice on the active list to those ollicers of the
Navy who bad received or should receive the
thanks ot Congress, to include Lieutenant
Commander W. B. Gushing, who received the
thanks of Congress when a lieutenant, in a
resolution approved December 20, 1804.
Mr. CKAGIN. 1 his bill simply extends
the existing law to this officer, Lieutenant
Gushing, who blew up the rebel ram Albe-
marle. Now, by law an officer who receives
the thanks of Congress is to remain on the
active list ten years longer than he would
otherwise be entitled to do. That is the effect
which the passage of this bill so long in ad-
vance will have on Mr. Gushing. He is a
young man now, ana I know no reason why
the law should not apply to him as well as to
any other officer who received the thanks of
Congress. It does not affect the pay at all.
The committee thought he was a deserving
and very gallant officer.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
LAZARUS h. REAJ1EY.
Mr. CRAGIN. I move now to proceed to
the consideration of Senate bill No. 1027.
The motion was agreed to and ; the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 1027) to restore
Lazarus L. Kearney to the Navy of the United
States as a midshipman.
The Committee on Naval Affairs reported
the bill with an amendment, to strike out all
after the enacting clause and in lieu thereof
to insert the following:
That the President of tho United States be, and
he is hereby authorized, if in his opinion the good
of the service will bo promoted thereby, to restore
L.iz.uus [j. Iteamey to the Navy of the UnitedStates
as n midshipman at the foot of the class of 1870, of
of which ho was a member at the time of his resig-
nation.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to' the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendmetft was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
I'AX 01' RETIRED REAR ADMIRALS.
Mr. CRAGIN. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
51)5.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 595) to fix the pay of
certain rear admirals on the retired list of the
Navy. It provides that fiom and after the
I8th of June, 1870, rear admiralson the retired
list of the Navy, who were retired as captains
when the highest grade in the Navy was cap-
tain, at the age of sixt.y-two years, or after
forty-five years' service, and who, after their
retirement, were promoted to the grade of
rear admiral, and performed the duties of that
grade in time of war, shall, when not on duty,
be entitled to and receive the pay of rear admi-
rals on the retired list.
Mr. CRAGIN. There are standing at the
head of rear admirals on the retired list four
officers, relics of the war of 1812. At the
beginning of the war of the rebellion the
highest grade in the Navy was captain, and
at the age of sixty-two every officer in the
Navy must be retired, and these officers were
retired. When the grade of rear admiral was
established, the law provided that the Presi-.
dent might select nine captains on the retired
list to be promoted as rear admirals, in these
words :
/'That there_shall be allowed on the retired list
nine rear admirals and oighteen commodores. The
rear admirals shall be selected by the President, by
and with tho advice and consent of the Senate, from
those, captains who have given the most faithful
service to their country,"
These men were retired as captainsand now
draw the half-pay of captains only. Since the
passage of the law of 18G2, creating the grade
of rear admiral, many men who were juniors
to these four rear admirals have been promoted
to the grade of.rea admiral on the active list
and retired as rear admirals, and now draw the
half pay of rear admirals. All four of these
men have been in service over sixty years, and
they can in any event incumber the list but a
very short time longer. At the head of them
is Kear Admiral Sliubrick, who is eighty-two
years old. The next is Joseph Smith, eighty-
two years old. Then there is Paulding, and
one other that I do not remember. They were
