1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2469
tralia, and they will continue to do so. The
communication from San Francisco to Aus-
tralia cannot prevent that. The heavy ma-
terials, the materials of low value which are
produced in Australia and are wanted for the
eastern market, must come by the cheapest
means of transportation; and that is not by
way of a railroad for three thousand miles.
Now, I will ask the Senator to inquire into
the cargo which is being shipped from Aus-
tralia to-day, and he will find that which is to
be transported to Boston and New York is
mainly wool, because wool is higher to-day
than it almost ever was ; it is because there is
a scarcity of wool throughout the world. The
demand for it has been greater than the pro-
duction the last two years. Let that con-
tinue, and while it continues you may get a
portion of the wool across the continent; but
let that cease, and let the market be supplied,
and you will find 110 such transportation of
wool across this continent.
Mr. COLE. I cannot remember all of the
long interrogation I have had from the Sen-
ator ; but I remember the point of it, I believe.
He says that those vessels do now load in the
ports of Boston and New York, and that they
will continue to load there. That is the mis-
take which I think lean convince the Senator
he is laboring under. Cut off this steam com-
munication between our western ports and the
ports of Australia, and the communications
will go more speedily by the Peninsular and
Oriental line through the canal and Isthmus
of Suez, and the British and French and Ger-
man merchants will be informed first of the
wants of Australia; and then, instead of these
ships loading in Boston and New York, they
will be loading in Liverpool and London and
Havre and other European ports.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Let me say to the
Senator that I have a little experience, and I
am shipping goods every month to Austialia,
and not one package in fifty goes by way of
London.
Mr. COLE. Of course not. They go directly
from the Senator's own State to Australia, and
in consequence of information first received
of the wants of that country by him and his
constituents in Connecticut, which is received
over this line established at present in con-
nection with the Pacific railroad.
I believe I am right in this matter. If I did
not think so, I would not be so emphatic in
regard to it. I believe that the advantage con-
sists not so much in the commerce that is car-
ried on in these very ships, for that does not
amount to so much; but by looking over the
trade reports and the commercial reports you
will find that large numbers of vessels load in
those ports for our ports and in our ports for
those ports, and this is something that has
sprung up of late. It is a commerce that is
growing, it is a commerce that is increasing
rapidly, and the question now is, will you let
it drop ?
Mr. President, I have to hurry over the
points, because I have no time to elaborate
them. There is another objection raised to
this bill, that it will aid aparticiilar line which
has been running already. To be sure, it has
been running for a year. The gentleman who
is running the line (Mr. Webb) was here a
year ago asking the aid of Congress to estab-
lish it. Having the spare ships, he has com-
menced to run them, receiving a good deal of
encouragement from members of Congress
and others that he would be supported m his
enterprise. He believed that others would
take the enlightened view of the subject
that he himself took, and that his Gov-
ernment would stand by him in a matter of
so much importance to the whole country.
He has been running those ships without
aid thus far by putting down the price of
freight and passage. He has been able thus
far to maintain himself; but his ships are
wearing out; his ships are naturally decaying;
be has no find being laid up with which to
replace them when they are entirely useless
from wear and tear. It is but fair that the
Government of the United States should aid
and support him in his enterprise. As was
stated by the chairman of the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, he has by his
enterprise been putting a large amount of
money into the Treasury of the United States.
It was stated that the increase of the revenue
since the establishment of this line was some-
thing more than a million dollars. I do not
doubt that. I do not know the exact figures,
of course; we cannot get the exact figures
down to any particular date, but we know that
the increase is large ; we know that it amounts
to a considerable sum; and by sustaining him
in his enterprise we should be only paying him
back a portion of what he has himself put into
the Treasury, and enable him to continue his
great enterprise.
Other nations have not hesitated to afford
assistance in cases like this. The French Gov-
ernmentin establishing their line advanced the
means to the company ihat built the ships and
guarantied them a percentage, I think five or
six per cent., upon the whole amount of invest-
ment during a certain period, I believe fitteen
years. The English Government has also
afforded large assistance to her lines of this
kind, not for the commerce that is done upon
them, but as I said for the purpose of expediting
the communication between that country and
the ports with which she is connected by these
lines. That is the end she has in view, and
she has not hesitated to pay out of her treas-
ury large sums of money in the way of this
assistance and for carrying the mails, as you
pay out money for carrying the land mails.
She knows full well that that is the way in
which she has controlled commerce. She
knows full well that these things return ten-
fold and twenty-fold sometimes. We, as I
have said, have had the proof in our own
little experience to the same effect. Now, all
I ask is that the Senate shall under stand this
matter as it is. I know that in the multi-
plicity of business which is brought before
members of the Senate and the other House
it is difficult for them to look through the
figures in relation to a matter of this kind, but
I hope that the Senate will be disposed'to give
some heed at all events to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, who have looked
into the matter thoroughly and have examined
it carefully.
There is one other point. This is assumed
to be a matter for the advantage of California.
I disclaim that. It is true that it is some ad-
vantage to California, but it is an advantage
to the nation at large, and not to California in
particular. It is true that this commerce, or
a small portion of it, such as is done by these
vessels, will come through the Golden Gate. It
is true that is the entrepot of it, but the Golden
Gate is simply the mouth through which the
aliment that is to feed the whole body-politic
enters. Making it a local question is like
trying to excite a feeling between the different
parts of this Republic, and it reminds me ol' the
fable of the dispute that once took place be-
tween the different members of the human
body. They concluded that they would not
support each other, and they particularly
found fault with the lazy stomach that, received
all the aliment that was provided by the hands
and feet. It was by agreement between the
members withheld, and finally the whole body
perished. We are likely to commit a like
error in this case in believing this is for the
benefit of California in particular. It is not
for her benefit more than for any other por-
tion of the country. It happens to be there
that this line touches our country, and that is
all. It is a benefit to the whole.
It has been of vast benefit to the lines of
railroad across the continent, to the different
cities in the interior, and New York sees the
advantage. New York herself is not jealous of
San Francisco or of California. She memorial-
ized Congress by her Chamber of Commerce a
year or so ago. So did Chicago and Philadel-
phia, and I think Cincinnati and other cities
have done so likewise.
I cannot go into this matter as fully as I
should like. I only regret that there is this
want of time; and being desirous that we shall
obtain a vote on this bill to-day, in order that
it may not longer be held to be a source of
trouble to this body, as it has been in the past,
because I know I have tried to get it up several
times, hoping to get a vote, I shall say no more
on this occasion.
Mr. President, the bill as reported is in the
form that it ought to pass. I am satisfied of
that. It is just, it is fair toward the company,
toward those who are running the line. It pro-
poses to combine with the line you are now
subsidizing to the Sandwich Islands, a limited
little group, this line, which will connect with
other groups in the south Pacific and with the
fifth continent of the world, Australia, which
has large cities, larger than San Francisco,
and almost as large as Cincinnati, St. Louis,
and Chicago, which will be connected with us
by this line of steamships. Unless you do
this, you will see in a short time, in a few
months I fear, the great error that you have
committed in letting go the advantage which
you have the right to enjoy by reason of your
location between the old countries of Europe
and the ancient East. We are in a position
to command this commerce to a very great
extent, and we ought to do it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I hold
in my hand now more recent statistics than I
had before me a few moments ago when I was
on the floor. It is as well, perhaps, to rely on
the official figures, and not make loose esti-
mates. When 1 was up before I gave the com-
merce of the port of Melbourne with the whole
United States for three quarters of a year. I
ain able now to give the whole commerce of
Australia and New Zealand for the entire year
closing June 30, 1870. The amount of mer-
chandise during the fiscal year imported by us
from Australia and New Zealand in American
vessels was $06,715 ; in foreign vessels, $2l2,-
249 ; or in all for the whole year, $278,964.
The whole amount of exports shipped by
American vessels to Australia and New Zea-
land, which covers petroleum, tobacco, and
every other product, was but $2,272,723 in
American vessels, and in foreign vessels
$1,147,250, and the total amount for that year
was $3,419,973. Then the whole amount for
the year ending June 30, 1871, which brings us
to the last year, is represented by the follow-
ing figures : merchandise imported in Ameri-
can vessels, $28,552; in foreign vessels, $256,-
859; in all, $285,411, or an increase of about
$7,000. Then there was of domestic produce
exported carried in American vessels, $1,481,-
354. and in foieign vessels $887,992, or a total
of $2,309,810, or afalling off of over $1,000,-
000; and during a part of thatyear this line was
running. This simpiy shows that if the enorm-
ous sums represented here are paid into the
Treasury by this line, they must come from
some very uncertain source, for the whole
amount of every sort, kind, and description,
free goods and everything else, was $1,000,000
less in 1871 than it was in 1870, when our
whole trade with New Zealand, Australia, and
from all, amounted to about two and a half
millions.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I have
looked at this bill as one of the series of bills
which are to be pressed upon Congress to take
i something like four, five, or six millions a
i vear irom the Treasury to promote commerce,
j I have endeavored to compare these different
routes and the value of them to the commerce
! of our country, to see which, if any, ought to
I be assisted. There is one line to Biazii, a
! very important line, by which we procure the
0 great body of the coffee consumed in this
|j country. There is another line to China,
1 winch is the most important of all, and for which
