1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1573
county, Illinois, where upon a petition for the
retention of the incumbent the Senator writes
as follows:
" Respectfully referred to the Postmaster General,
The signers of the within are among the most
prominent and influential Republicans of Prince-
ton."
There is a distinct recognition of political
influence. I suppose the Senator did not know
this gentleman, personally, Mr. D. McDonald,
but he knows that the men who recommended
him are " prominent and influential Repub-
licans." Will the Senator say that in all these
recommendations he has not recognized the
propriety of political influence, the very thing
that he has imputed as a fault to other Sena-
tors on this floor?
Then I come down to Rushville, Schuyler
county. I did not know there were so many
places in Illinois. In this case Mr. Sweeney
was the applicant and the Senator writes thus :
"I recommend Mr. Sweeney's appointment."
I take it that is about as short and direct a
recommendation as could be made.
In the case of the Yandalia, Payette county
(Illinois) post office, upon the letter of T. Ro-
maine, recommending the appointment of J.
N. McCord, the Senator writes as follows:
"Mr. Romaine is one of the most efficient and
reliable Republicans at Vandalia. and his recom-
mendations deserve favorable consideration."
Again, upon another letter he says:
"Vandalia is in a Democratic district. Mr. Ro-
maine, the writer, is perhaps the most prominent
and influential Republics residing at Vandalia.
I should reiy on his opinion more than that of any
other person living there, and X do not hesitate to
indorse his recommendation."
Here the Senator brings out in a very strong
light his recognition of political influence. He
indorses the recommendation of Mr. Romaine
because Vandalia is a Democratic town; Mr.
Romaine is an influential Republican, and he
would rely upon his recommendation more
than upon anybody else's, and then says he
indorses his recommendation.
I now come to Weslfield, Clark county, Illi-
nois. "Westfield is in a Democratic district.
" Upon a letter of V. 0. Robinson, recommending
the retention of R.S.Briscoe, incumbent, Senator
Trumbull writes as follows: 'Westfield is in a
Democratic district formerly represented by the
■writer, and unless there be reasons not stated by
Mr. Robinson, I hope Mr. Briscoe will not be re-
moved. The office is of very little importance.'"
There is a recommendation for an officer
not to be removed. I take it there is not a
very great distinction in principle between rec-
ommending the appointment of a new post-
master or the retention of an old one when an
attempt is made to bring about his removal.
In the case of Theodore L. Holbrook, pro-
moted to a third-class clerkship in the Post
Office Department, May IB, 180'J—
"Senator Trumbull appears as one of the signers
to a letter addressed to the Postmaster General in
favor of Mr. Holbrook, which commences: _ 'We
desire to recommend to your favorable considera-
tion Mr. T. L. Holbrook.' Also. ' we believe he is
capable of and deserving a better position.'"
This seems to be a sample, but I suppose
it is not a recommendation because the Sen-
atorunites with others in doing the same thing.
Again, in the case of Joseph G win, appointed
route agent September 27, 1870—
"Senator Teumbull being asked by letter of Gen-
eral Lippincott to assist in procuring the appoint-
ment of route agent for Gwin. says: ' General Lip-
pincott, writer of the within, is the present auditor
oftheStateoflllinois; was Doorkeeper of the House
of Eeprescntatives of the Fortieth Congress, and is a
gentleman whose recommendation deserves weight
with the Department.'"
These are from a single Department—the
Post Office Department. I believe the Sen-
ator stated that there were twenty-six similar
recommendations of about the same character
as these Post Office recommendations in the
State Department. I think he did not say how
many there were in the Interior Department.
There is a paper here containing some at least.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Twelve.
Mr. MORTON. Twenty-six in the State
Department, and two, I think he said in the
Department of Justice ; I do not know what
he said in regard to the other Departments,
but I think according to the Senator's own
showing the number comes up to about a
hundred. It may not be exactly a hundred
and three or an even hundred, but it is in that
neighborhood, according to his own showing.
These are the papers that he brought here
himself that I am reading from. I find among
those from the Treasury Department the fol-
lowing :
"James Newman appointed July 18. 1865. sur-
veyor of customs, Alton, Illinois, under date of
March 17, 1869. recommended for retention by W.
C. Flagg, esq., and other citizens of Alton and in-
dorsed by Senator Teumbull, as follows: ' The sign-
ers of within are among the most prominent and
influential of our friends in the locality, and I am
satisfied there will be no cause for Mr. Newman's
removal.'"
Here is a recommendation to retain Mr.
Newman, based upon the ground that his
recommendations come from our political
friends. Again:
" Willis Lord writes Senator Trumbull, March 24.
1869, recommending J. C. Grier for collector for the
filth district Illinois. Mr. T. indorses the recom-
mendation as follows: 'The inclosed is from Rev.
Dr. Lord, and deserving of the highest considera-
tion.' "
Then again in regard to the appointment of
James Fishback as assessor of the tenth dis-
trict, the Senator indorsed the recommenda-
tion as follows:
"The within recommendations are from leading
and influential citizens and Republicans of the
tenth district, and entitled to lav arable considera-
tion."
I call that a recommendation, and all of
these. I never heard the distinction taken
before.
In regard to the appointment of Charles Ste-
phani as assessor of the twelfth Illinois dis-
trict., he was recommended by ex-Governor
Koerner, and the Senator forwarded the let-
ter to Commissioner Pleasonton, with the fol-
lowing indorsement, under date of June 10,
1871—that seems to be pretty late:
"You may rely on the statements of Governor
Koerner as being entirely correct."
(Appointed.)
Again :
"A. C. Matthews, collector ninth Illinois: under
date of May 27.1869, Senator Teumbull writes Com-
missioner Delano as follows: 'I am satisfied that
Colonel A. C. Matthews is the choice of our friends
for collector of internal revenue for the ninth dis-
trict of Illinois, and that he ought to beappointed.' "
That comes very near being a recommenda-
tion.
"He is a gentleman every way qualified for the
position, served with credit in the Arm>, and has the
indorsementof Colonel A. C. Babcock, General Lip-
pincott, and other leading citizens of the district,
which is represented in Congress by Mr. MgKeely,
a Democrat. I recommend Colonel Matthews' ap-
pointment."
In regard to the appointment of Thomas J.
Kinney, under date of May 8, 1869, the Sena-
tor writes the President as follows :
" Colonel A. C. Babcock having declined the ap-
pointment of assessor for the ninth, a Democratic
district of Illinois, and he and other friends having
united in the recommendation of Colonel Thomas J.
Kinney for the place, I trust he may receive the
appointment."
It will hardly be denied that that is a recom-
mendation.
In regard to the appointment of "W. H.
Barlow for assessor of the eleventh district
of Illinois, on a letter addressed to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury by Governor Palmer
and others, the Senator makes the following
indorsement:
" The gentlemen who have signed the within are
prominent and influential friends of the Admin-
istration, whose recommendations should receive
favorable consideration, and I am not advised of
any other applicant for the place."
The Senator thought then that the recom-
mendation of the " friends of the Adminis-
tration" ought to receive consideration. I
do not know whether he thinks so well now
of the recommendation of the "friends of the
Administration."
Here is a letter dated December 1, 1871:
" I have been personally acquainted with General
B. J. Sweet lor several years. He is a gentleman
of high character, of great executive ability, and of
capacity equal to any position to which he would
aspire."
That I think is about the strongest recom-
mendation he has made. I should consider that
in the light of a very strong recommendation.
But, sir, enough on this subject. From the
papers presented by the Senator himself from
two Departments only, from the Treasury and
Post Office Departments, it appears very clearly
that the Senator was mistaken when he said
he had not made a dozen recommendations
for five years and that not five persons were in
office upon his recommendation. He admits
that he made twenty-six to the State Depart-
ment and twelve to the Interior Department.
I do not know how many to the Treasury
Department; but here is a large number; I
have not read the half of them. There must
be twenty or thirty in the Treasury. Thcu
there are thirty-odd in the Post Office, tweniy-
six in the State Department, twelve in tin: Inte-
rior Department, two in the Department of
Justice, and I know not how manyin the War
Department or the Navy Department. I there-
fore submit that the Senator himself has sub-
stantially sustained the statement that was
made upon the floor of the Senate the other
day.
I can only say in conclusion that I never
should have referred to this subject again but
for what the Senator himself said to-day, and
I never should have referred to it in the first
instance but for what I regarded as a personal
attack made some two weeks ago by the Sen-
ator, on the occasion of a resolution offered
by the Senator from New York.
Mr. COLE. I rise only to express the hope
that we shall reach a vote. I hope Senators
will not indulge in making these political
speeches, as they are supposed to be, although
their character as such I can hardly see, but
will allow us to take a vote on this bill. It
has been before us for a long time, and I
really hope we may not be delayed in the final
disposition of it any longer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Indiana [Mr. Mortos] has again
occupied very considerable time in an effort
to place me personally in a position that he
thinks, I suppose, would be one of disadvan-
tage. Admitting the propriety of everything
that has been done, he at the same time takes
up time to read these papers, and states that
I have had reference to the Republican party
in these appointments. I suppose I need not
tell the Senator from Indiana or the country
that appointments are made, and have been,
from political considerations ; that that is the
general rule. Do we not all know that? And
because I desire to make a reform and correc-
tion of the abuses of the Government, is it any
reason why it should not take place because 1,
in common with others, have favored the ap-
pointment of Republicans to office ? Undoubt-
edly I did, and I never said anything to the
contrary.
The objection that I make is that a man
should not be appointed simply because he
is a Republican. If he is a competent and
qualified man for the office. I think a Repub-
lican Administration would be more likely to
appoint him than they would a Democrat.
What I object to is, not that Republicans have
been appointed to office, but that a man is
appointed simply because he is a Republican.
If he is a qualified man, and a competent
person for the office, it has been the practice
to appoint a person friendly to the Adminis-
tration in power. That is the general rule,
undoubtedly ; but the abuse of it is when you
appoint a man because of his agreeing with
the party in power without refpi-ence lo his
qualificaiions, or for party reasons outside of
his political opinions.
It will be observed that most of the papers
