626
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 13>
Ho. of Beps.
Fish Culture—Mr. Jtoosevdt.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
have not read all the testimony. I have merely
read portions of it. #
Question. Were you a member of the Legis-
lature of 18§7 ? •
Answer. No, sir.
Question. From your knowledge of the pol-
itics <rf:the Slate, do you know whether I was
a candidate before the meeting of the Legis-
lature? '
Answer*. I do not.
Question. Do you know whether I was a
candidate before the people in the canvass?
Answer. I do not. Let me think a minute.
Is not that the yeaf you-canvassed through that
county?
Mr. Pomeroy. Yes.
The Witness. It was generally understood
that Mr, Pomeroy was a candidate. I had no
special knowledge. I at first did not remem-
ber it. -
Question. Were you at Topeka at the time
the canvass was in progress before the election
took place?
Answer. I was. I do not remember just
how many days before, but during the sena-
torial canvass.
.,By;Stf. Logan:
Question. Were you familiar with the man-
ner in which that senatorial election in the
Kansas Legislature in 1867 was conducted, so
far aa it! could be observed and was generally
known? ' '
Answer. Yes, sir-, I was there and around
the rooms of the candidates, and saw, so far
as an outsider could see, and everything was
all right. I didn't see anything wrong or
hear of anything wrong.
Question. Did you see or do you know of
any improper meaii3 being used in that can-
vass by Mr. Pomeroy or by his friends, with
his knowledge, in securing votes in the Legis-
lature ?
Answer. I do not; I know of nothing im-
proper at all.
Question. Were you a friend of Mr. Pome-
roy in that election ?
Answer. I was not. I was there as a friend
of Mr. Carney, for a few days, who was a
candidate at that time.
Question. Were there stories current at that
time in reference to Mr. Pomeroy, of im-
proper means being used?
Answer. I did not hear anything of the kind
at that time that I remember of. 1 heard that
after the election was over.
Fish Culture.
SPEECH OF HON. R. B. ROOSEVELT,
of new york,
It? the House op Representatives,
May 13, 1872,
On the bitl for the ereotion of establishments for the
artificial cultivation of salmon and shad by the
United States Government.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. Mr. Speaker, the art
of cultivating fish by artificial means is no new
thing, it is not an untried theory, resting more
in hope than in experience, but has passed
from the realm of experiment into absolute
certainty. It has become a fixed art, and,
although as yet scarcely developed, has grown
into business of considerable magnitude and
great importance. Persons unacquainted with
the matter have little idea of the discoveries
which have been made and the wonderful suc-
cesses of those who have devote! themselves
to the study and investigation of this subject,
and do not appreciate the extent of the
influence which ^it is certain to exercise on
the future of this country, a 'country that is
wonderfully blessed in this particular as in
all others, and is adapted to fish culture to a
degree that exists nowhere else.
The older nations had a vague notion Of this
industry. In China it has been carried on for
centuries, as well ages ago as it is now, like
most of the discoveries of that unprogressive
people. The Romans were scarcely so well
informed, and only developed the natural
method; and the first real attempts which pro-
duced practical results were made in France
in quite modern times, when the discoveries
of the past were discovered over again. In
that scientific and cultivated nation, however,
the matter attracted immediate attention, and
its importance was appreciated by a people
which has long been forced to make the most of
its food resources. The Governmenttook it in
hand, and, soon satisfied of its practicability,
built the national establishment at Arcachon.
At first blunderB, of course, were made. Find-
ing uncertainty, an uncertainty arising solely
from ignorance, in impregnating and hatching
the artificially impregnated eggs, resort was had
to collect the ova from the various streams
of the country, after it had been deposited
there, in the natural method, and developing
it under proper supervision and guarded from
enemies and disease. Directions were at the
same time published for stripping the parent
fish of their eggs, so that the ripe spawn might
also be saved from any mature individuals
which should happen to be caught.
This plan, however, was unsatisfactory; it
was but little more than robbing Peter to pay
Paul. Not only was much unripe and worth-
less spawn taken through ignorance or cupid-
ity, but the natural supply was carried from
the streams to such an extent that they were
greatly denuded, and were run down to a
degree which was hardly made good by the
supplies of young fry which were afterward
sent to them from the national establishment.
These errors were, however, corrected in time;
greater knowledge and skill were attained,
better methods and machinery were invented,
and in the end Arcachon became a success, fish-
culture triumphed over the obstacles in its way,
and many of the waters of France which had
been entirely depleted were replenished, and
the fisheries were restored to a condition of
fruitfulness which they had not known for
years, while a most important article of diet
was furnished to the people at cheaper rates
and in more abundant quantities. Up to this
time deterioration and increasing scarcity had
been the rule, but soon an improvement began
which has far more than repaid the expense
incurred by the Government, and has led to
consequences the public value of which cannot
be overestimated.
England was not long in following the ex-
ample of France. The salmon fishery has been
the principal estuary and fresh-water fishery
of Great Britain, and it also had been injured
by mismanagement and neglect and overwork.
Salmon had long been far beyond the reach
of all but the wealthier classes, and even they
were beginning to experience trouble to obtain
as much as they needed at reasonable rates.
Streams which had yielded abundantly within
the memory of man were comparatively unpro-
ductive, and in some instances were absolutely
bare offish. The Irish and Scotch fisheries
were not so badly off as those of England, but
even they were reduced far below what they
bad been. Steps were taken to replenish
these, partly by private action, partly by public.
Parliament, appointed boards of fish conserv-
ators and an inspector of salmon fisheries and
paid liberal salaries, and passed wise laws for
the protection of the young and the spawning
fish. The consequences were the same as they
had been in France, and soon fioh became
more plenty; the salmon fishery in one river
having more than doubled in actual rental in a
few years, while the yield was proportionally
increased. Germany, Austria, Russia, all fol-
lowed the example; all made this a national
enterprise and found it to their interest to pay
liberally to restock their waters with a means
of supplying food to the people which had been
so nearly annihilated. In all, establishments for
the artitical propagation of the most valuable
varieties are established at various points, and
yearly furnish most gratifying evidences of the
industrial value of this, which promises to be
the most widely beneficial of all the discoveries
of modern times; for if it is true that that man
is a public benefactor who has made two blades
of grass grow where one grew before, much
more so is he who has restored to the people
a food supply which had almost ceased to exist,
and the extinction of which was looked upon
as the necessary consequence of the increase
of population, it being expected to expire
precisely when it was most needed.
Such is a cursory Statement of what has
been done abroad. It alone would justify the
United States in following the example of the
older nations, and taking this matter under
national protection. It is essentially a national
matter; the States alone cannot take charge of
it and manage it efficiently ; they cannot even
pass laws which will thoroughly protect the
fish at seasons when they should not be dis-
turbed. Rivers run through different States, or
are the boundaries between them, and the laws
made for part or for one shore might not be
identical with "those made for other places.
Unity of action is essential, for it is useless to
protect in one locality if wanton destruction is
permitted in another.
Many species are migratory; that is, pass
from the ocean at certain seasons of the year
after they have grown fat feeding there during
their perio of rest, up the streams into the
fresh water, where alone can they deposit their
eggs and hatch their young. In these cases
the fishermen along the coast are jealous of
those on the upper waters; the former com-
plain that the latter destroy the parents wbile
they are spawning, and in this way destroy the
race; while the latter complain that the coast
fishermen use improper and murderous methods
of fishing, and kill out the entire supply before
they can have a chance to reach their spawn-
ing .beds. Unfortunately, both these com-
plaints are too well founded. Each class
takes all it can, blind to the future, which
presses closer and closer on the heels of such
want of foresight; it looks only to immediate
gratification, and accepts the proverb, " after
me a famine."
The navigable streams of this country are
subject to the jurisdiction of the national Gov-
ernment, and this is even more clearly the case
with the coast line within three miles of the
shore. This is a general rule of law, and if
there are any exceptions to it they do not
exist in the western States, where the rivers
were expressly reserved to the nation. It is
not necessary for the purposes of this applica-
tion to maintain so broad a proposition, as it
is not intended to take any actual control of
legislation on this subject at present, but only
to develop the natural resources by artificial
means, restock waters which have been' ex-
hausted, spread information concerning the
matter, and lead the people either to protect-
ing their own rivers or to granting unques-
tionable authority to Congress to do so. And
it is to that alone which the proposed law
addresses itself.
The progress made abroad has been stated,
and it has been shown to be sufficiently en-
couraging to induce our country to tollow the
example, but the cases are different in many
points, and in every point to the advantage
of the United States. The extent of our inland
waters is something that is hardly understood
abroad, and is not properly appreciated at
home. Our vast lakes, enormous riveis, in-
numerable streams, brooks, ponds, bays,
lagoons, creeks, and rivulets, are not equaled
