1574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
which the Senator has had r£ad refer to in-
dorsements which were made three years ago,
about the time that the present Administration
came into power. I do not agree with the
Senator from Indiana that it is a recommenda-
tion of a man to office when his papers are
referred to a Department. A Senator or mem-
ber can do no less than that. If a petition
came to me in favor of the appointment of a
person to a post office, whether 1 was favorable
to the person or against him, I would refer
those papers to the Department. I do the
same tiling in reference to a pension case ; I
do the same in reference to anything that may
come to my hands relating to business in any
of the Departments. It is my practice to
indorse upon the backs, "respectfully referred
to the proper Department," or, "allow me to
call the attention of the Secretary of State to
the within but I never supposed that I wa3
to be regarded as recommending that claim 1'or
payment, or as recommending that pension to
be allowed. I supposed it was a proper duty
to perform to a constituent, and without any
examination or knowledge as to the correct-
ness of his claim, I hold that it is proper to
refer it to the Department. However others
may understand it, I never understood it as
carrying with it a recommendation at alt upon
my part. Those things must be understood
according to the intention of the persons who
make the indorsements. The Senator from
Indiana may have considered them as recom-
mendations. I never did.
Mr. MOIiTON. If the Senator will allow
me, such a reference as he speaks of I would
not consider a recommendation ; but I have
read none of that kind.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There are several of
that character, simple references. The Sena-
tor of course selected those which he wanted
to read. Nor do I consider it a recommend-
ation of a parly for an office if 1 indorse his
character, not in reference to any office. The
Senator has read a paper within a few min-
utes, not addressed to any Department, and
which was given to the gentleman at the time
with the distinct understanding of a refusal on
my part to recommend him to any ollice.
Where I know persons, and they apply to me
for letters vouching for their character and
standing in the community, I never refuse to
give a statement of that kind. But because I
do that, that is not hanging about the Depart-
ments.
Now, what is the point of controversy? Did
auybody over complaint of the reference of
papers to the Departments? llave I made
any complaint of ttiat as an abuse of the civil
service? The complaint which I have made
is that members ot Congress—not all mem-
bers but some, as is testified to by Mr. Cox—
haunting the Departments, press the appoint-
ment of persons who are not qualified, asking
it as a favor to them, and that they even write
recommendations of that kind when they have
written other papers asking that the recom-
mendation be not regarded.
The Senator dwelt at some length upon the
paper in reference to the post office at Pana,
where a second nolo was written by me.
There were two sets of petitions. One of
the applicants had spoken to me about his
papers, and I had said that I would indorse
tbern. The other party came before I had
done so, and I had forgotten the previous
promise, both beiuggood men, and I indorsed
his papers. Then, on being reminded of my
first promise, [ wrote a uote stating the fact,
and stating also that they were both good men.
I do not think there was any impropriety in
that one way or the other.
Then the Senator comes into the Senate
with another matter and undertakes to detail
conversations between the President of the
United States and myself. I should like to
know, and I pressed the Senator to find out,
if he comes into this body to detail conver-
sations had with the President, and if the
Senator is authorized here to state what con-
versations take place with the President of
the United States, and if he has been to the
President of the United States making inqui-
ries as to what I have said to him or not
said to him. I do not think it proper to reply
to the questions of irresponsible persons. If
the Senator from Indiana will make the state-
ment on his own responsibility, or if he will
make it on the responsibility of the President
of the United States, if he thinks proper to
come here and make a statement from hira, I
shall be prepared to answer it. It then will
have .a responsible source; but I certainly
shall not allow the Senator from Indiana to
ask me in reference to reports that he will
neither vouch for himself nor give the author-
ity for.
The Senator says that one recommendation
recognizes the principle. I have never said that
I never recommended anybody for office; but
I think it is a system that ought to be broken
up. I do not know but I do wrong to abstain
from recommending as much as I do. While
the system obtains, is it inconsistent in me to
advocate a change of the system and yet con-
form to it while it prevails? I have not done
so to any considerable extent. More than a
year and a half ago, one of the letters read
here shows that I wrote to the Department
that I never asked the appointment of any
person as a personal favor. The mostof these
papers, nearly all of them, relate to transac-
tions that occurred about three years ago.
But is there any such inconsistency as the
Senator from Indiana seeks to fasten upon
me in my conforming to the practice while it
prevails? Suppose I did, until we can legis-
late and get a better one, or until the Presi-
dent will adopt a better otic, am I to stand olf?
Although I have generally done so, I am not
sure that there would be any inconsistency at
all in taking as much part as the Senator from
Indiana does in appointments to office; and
it is pretty notorious I think, without going
into the Departments to inquire—and I will
state that I have made no inquiries as to his
course; I have made 110 inquiry as to how
many men he has hail appointed——
Mr. MOIITON1. If the Senator will allow
me, he imputes to me the use of large
patronage.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I said I had made no
inquiry 011 the subject.
Mr. MORTON. I think I can make a state-
ment which will be borne out by the records,
that the number of men appointed to Federal
offices from the State of Illinois as compared
with the number appointed from Indiana,
accoiding to the relative population of the
two States, is at least one half greater from
Illinois than from Indiana. I have done very
little of this business. 1 do not know bow
many recommendations I have made; but at
the same time I have no concealment about
the matter. I do not think it is any disgrace ;
I do not think there is anything wrong about
it. I would just as soon admit that there were
three hundred as fifty, if that were the fact;
but I think it will turn out that the Senator
from Illinois has made as many as I have.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, Mr. President,
as I have said once or twice before, I think it
is a very small business to be engaged in. I
have not undertaken to ascertain and am not
prepared to say how many appointments the
Senator from Indiana has had made, but the
country understands pretty well in reference
to him and myself both, probably, in regard to
appointments.
The Senator said that he had returns from
but two of the Departments. I have the
others here if he wants to read them. I
thought it would take up too much time.
There is one from the War Department, where
my name is mentioned in connection with two
recommendations.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator did not furnish
me any papers except from two Departments.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then there are two at
the Department of Justice; in the Navy De-
partment one. I think I stated in reference
to all of them. I did not take up the time of
the Senate in reading all these papers, and I
confess I owe an apology to the Senate for
reading any of them. I only brought them
here in consequence of the statement made
by the Senator from Indiana in reference to
myself personally. I called for those papers,
being satisfied that it was a mistake when the
Senator, in connection with recommendations
to office and importunities, left the impression
that I had made impoituniiies in one hundred
and three cases. I knew it must be a mistake,
and I therefore called for the papers them-
selves, and on getting them I found it to be a
mistake. It is not even true as to the number,
thatmy name appears in connection with that
number in any shape ; and it is only true as to
very few that there are any recommendations
made. However the Senator from Indiana
may consider it. and I do not wish to go into
a discussion of that subject, it was not consid-
ered by me as a recommendation to office
when I referred papers to the Department or
when 1 indorsed the character of the persons
who made the leeommendations. I did not
suppose that that was a recommendation of
the individual himself, and it certainly does
not come at all within that category ot which
we are complaining.
Now, what is the complaint? The com-
plaint is that members of Congress lose their
independence by asking appointments as per-
sonal favors to them, which are granted by the
Departments, and that they get incompetent
peisous into office; that the Departments arc
occupied 111 hearing these applications, that
their time is taken up, and the public service
suffers. Have those eases any application at
all to the reference of papers asking the ap-
pointment of postmasters? Do they come at
all within the category of the complaint which
I have been making against the manner in
which the civil service is carried on? Why,
sir, it is another matter entirely. But in oider
to correct what is an abuse in regard to appoint-
ments, I think it would be better to cut off the
whole system, so that we should have nothing
to do with the papers in any shape.
The Senator says that in several of these
papers, in the indorsement I have stated that
litey are m reference to local offices in Demo-
cratic districts. Does not the Senator know
that the piactice obtains of appointing Repub-
licans in those distiicts? Would it have done
any good for me to recommend Democrats fur
office? Is that the understanding? It is not
the understanding; it is not the usage of the
Government, ifyou can find persons who are
in harmony with the Administration, the usage
and the custom is to give them the appoint-
ments where they are competent and qualified.
That has been so ad the time, and I have acted
and conformed to that usage. But that, does
not reach the subject of the complaint, as I
have already said.
I do not wish to prolong this matter, which
is of entirely a personal character, raised by
the Senator from Indiana upon me. I may
conclude by stating that there are I think about
sixty thousand civil offices in this Govern-
ment ; there are more than two thousand in
the State of Illinois; and in reference to all
of them for more than three years, neither by
reference or otherwise does my name appear to
the extent of one hundred even, and in refer-
ence to recommendations it is not a fourth of
that. I do not think there is one single case
in all these papers where I have made or exer-
cised any personal influence in obtaining the
appointment. I do not believe there is one
case of them all where he appointee owes his
appointment to any personal influence of mine,
unless it should be in the indorsement of other
