4262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
them. At first they were willing to pay, and
these very contractors received confederate
mouey, which for a time was pretty good,
would buy something, ia payment of these
claims. As long as this proviso remained a
part of the section, I thought we should have
some safeguard against paying over again debts
that the confederacy had paid; but when I
learned that that proviso had been stricken
out f began to think we had been treading on
dangerous ground. Before I say anything
further I should like to know whether that
is so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing amendment is to insert a proviso. The
proviso in the hill has been stricken out; but
the Senator from Vermont moves another
proviso, which will be reporied for information.
The Ohiet Clerk iead as follows :
Provided, Tbut before any payment shall be made
under this aiat satisfactory evidence shall bo fur-
nished that no compensation has been received or
promised Irnin any source(orsuoh service other than
from tho Unuod States.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, let us have a vote
on that.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I ask my friend from
Vermont who offered that amendment to strike
out the words "or promised," or to insert in
lieu of them ''in so called confederate money
or any other paper representing money."
Mr. AlORRlLL, of Vermont. 1 should be
very glad to oblige my Irietid from South Caro-
lina, but he will see that would defeat one
great object of the amendment. The object is,
not only 10 prevent, claims being paid where
they have been previously paid, but where
they have been assumed by ilie confederate
government; and il there has been any default
of that government in paying those claims
I see no justice or equity til the claimants
coming to Congress for it.
Mr, HILL. The promise ought to be
accepted m order to make a contract. A sim-
ple voluutaiy promise without an acceptance
amounts to nothing on the part of the party
who is to be benefited.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move to amend the
amendment of the Senator lVom Vermont by
Btiiking out tile words ''or promised'1 and
intjerlinj; "or contracted for."
Tim PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
South Carolina lo the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Vermont.
Mr SHERMAN. Instead of the words "or
promised'' 1 suggest to the Senator from Ver-
mont that he had better insert the words "or
assumed," because these very debts were as-
sumed by the confederate Stales, and I waa
about to refer lo an ofik-ial document to show
that (hey were. No doubt ilie then existing
contracts between ihu United Slates and these
persons weie continued, t'lio debts were as-
sumed by the confederacy, ami i he contracts
wore continued, and the contractors went on
in pursuance ot ibis legslution by the con-
federacy and completed the contracts, so that
they accepted ihe change of the contract made
by the rebel couledt-racy ; in other words, they
accepted the sombero confederacy as their
obligors instead of the United -States.
'Ihe PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Vermont modify his amendment
in accordance witu the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Ohio ?
Mr. MOltRILL, of Vermont, I do not
understand the suggestion of the Senator from
Ohio. 1 do not see any place where the words
"or assumed" would come ill legitimately. I
perceive the idea, and it he will suggest a
mode of cariying it out 1 will accept it.
Air. SHERMAN. J suggest that the pro-
viso its n siood in the section be restored, and
then it will be open to amendment. The Sen-
ator's amendment is not now open to amend-
ment, as 1 understand.
Air. MORRILL, of Vermont. Oh yes, it
is, if the Senator from South Carolina will
withdraw his amendment to allow me to per-
fect it.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I withdraw it for the
time being, to hear what propositions are
made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont can now modify his amend-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Now I will
hear the Senator from Ohio.
. Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to have
five minutes in regard to this section at gome
period before it is disposed of. I have made
two or three efforts, but have not spoken on
the section at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator will be recognised whenever he first rises
and addresses the Chair.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will allow
the Senator from California to occupy the floor.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I heard
the Senator lrom Nevada, who is not now in
his seat, in his criticism upon the possible
effect of the language " services rendered,"
in line four of tins section. It seemed to me
by inserting the word "actually" before
"rendered" the criticism of the Senator
would be disarmed. Then no payment could
be recovered except for services actually ren-
dered. That would get. rid of the difficulty
suggested by that Senator, that possibly the
post office contractor might claim that he had
tried to render the service, or was in readiness
to render it, though lie never actually rendered
it. I think the insertion of the word "actu-
ally" would probably remove the Senator's
objection so lar as that, point is concerned,
and if there be no objection I move that the
word "actually " be inserted before the word
"rendered," m line four.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California moves to amend, in line
four of section six, by inserting afer the word
" services" the word "actually."
Mr. CASSERLY. If there is no objection
to that amendment, and it is considered as
made, I should like t.o say something on the
section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will take the sense of the Senate on the amend-
ment when the Senator yields the floor.
Mr. CASSERLY. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. I rise to offer a supplement
to ilie amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia, to insert in the fifth line after the word
"mails" the words "of the United States
exclusively," so that the clause will read:
"is hereby appropriated to pay unsettled
claims against the Government of the United
States on account of services rendered in
carrying tin mails of the United States ex-
clusively."
Mr. ROBERTSON. 1 see no necessity for
the insertion of those words, although 1 do
not know that they will do any harm.
Mr. PRATT. The meaning of the amend-
ment is simply this: I am in favor of the pay-
ment of these contractors while they continued
to perform their contracts with the Govern-
ment, even after the war with the confederacy,
in carrying exclusively the mails of the United
States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Although they broke their
contracts afterward?
Air. PRATT. Although they broke their
contracts afterward. I flunk good faith re-
quires that the Government pay them during
the time they were performing their contracts
with the Government in the States in rebel-
lion ; but I do not want to pay them for carry-
ing the rebel mails. I want to pay them for
carrying the mails of the United States, and
those exclusively; and that is the meaning of
this amendment.
Mr. ROBERTSON. We do not propose
by this section to pay for carrying the mails
of the so-called confederate government, or
any State in rebellion against the Federal
Government; but we propose to pay for ser-
vices actually rendered the United States Gov-
ernment. under contract. I am fearful that if
the word " exclusively " is inserted here there
may be some technical objection laised why
they should not be paid. That ia the reason
why I object to the word being put in.
Mr. THURMAN. If I understand the
amendment or its proper interpretation, it is
unnecessary, but it will do no harm. I wish to
know if I do not understand it aright. If I un-
derstand it, it is to insert in line five, after the
word "mails," the words "of the United
States exclusively." Certainly there can be
no unsettled claims against the Government
of the United States on account of services in
carrying the mails except the mails of the Uni-
ted States; so that 1 do not think the words
are necessary; nor do 1 think th-y will do any
harm, unless they are open to this interpreta-
tion which I suggest to my friend lrom Indiana,
that saying " of the United States exclusively "
might seem to be limiting it to mail matter of
the-General Government, and as the railroads
tbatcarrythe mail under certain contractshave
carried it by weight, so much per ton of mail
matter, his amendment might open the section
to the interpretation that they were only to be
paid for carrying the mail matter of the Gov-
ernment and excluding other mail matter,
letters of individuals, and the like. If this
amendment would not have that effect, then
I see no objection to it; but I suggest to him
whether it would not have that effect, and
whether, therefore, it would be well to put
it in ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am sorry there is so
much haggling about this beneficent measure
ot justice to an oppressed people. Where is
the use of confining this business to the
"mails of the Uniied States exclusively?"
Was not the confederate government com-
posed of citizens of the United States, and
were not those citizens entitled to the dissem-
ination of information, I s.iould like to know ?
Did they not believe they had a constitutional
right to do what they were doing? It seems
to me, according to the way things are said to
go nowadays, it is rather an ungenerous piece
of business to be making sharp distinciiona
here between- one character of mail and an-
other. These people, it seems, ought to be
paid; they ought to be made good for all
they have lost by going into the rebellion.
Here is a contractor on a mail route who
agrees to carry the mails of the United States
for four years. He finds it convenient when
his four years are half out to transfer his
allegiance and his contract to a government
at war with the Uniied States, and when at
last the unhappy war is over, as the language
is, and he comes back here to be paid up to
the moment he chose to violate his contract
and transfer his allegiance, Senators are hag-
gling about it and trying to cotifilie the pay-
ment to him to the mail matter that the United
States Government has sent through that ter-
ritory. Why not make one clean bite at this
cherry and be done with it, and completely
indemnify these people who violated their
contracts with the United States in otder to
transfer themselves and their services to a
belligerent government defacln, by providing
that they shall be paid for all the services they
did, no matter what they carried, nor for
whom.
Mr. CONKLING. Even if it were a mus-
ket.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Even if it were a musket
that went by mail, if that were ponsible. They
were serving citizens of the United States in
some of the States, and as eveibody says,
they were acting in good faiih. Now where-
fore be so sharp upon them if you are to do
anything? Mr. President, generosity is not,
to be measured by the rule or the basketful.
It is ft thing which is too broad for measure.
