678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
State elections for members of Congress in
execution of this article. Hence there is not
only the State manner now in these elections,
hut there is also the congressional, the national
manner, both oombined.
Now we are providing for a vacancy, and the
House bill says that if there is a vacancy you
shall act upon the State manner and upou
that alone. We say leave out the word " man-
ner;" merely declare that the election shall
be at the time fixed by the State, leaving the
State manner as far as it operates, and the
national manner as for as it operates, in full
force; so that I disagree with my honorable
friend entirely when he says that this is no
repeal by implication and inconsistency of our
previous condition respecting the manner in
which and under which these elections shall
be conducted.
Now, if the Senate is desirous, for the mere
purpose of saving twenty minutes of time by
sending this bill to the House of Representa-
tives, to go back in respect to vacancies from
the provisions and securities that we have
provided in respect to regular elections, very
well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment of the commit-
tee to the fourth section, striking out the
words "in such manner."
Mr. EDMUNDS called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 32 ; as follows :
YE AS—Messrs. Ames.Anthony, Boreman. Carpen-
ter, Chandler, Conkling, Corbett, Edmunds, Ferry
of Michigan, Gilbert, Hamlin, Hitchcock, Howe,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Osborn, Pat-
terson, Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey. Sawyer, Scott, Spen-
cer. West, Wilson, and Wmdom—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard. Blair. Caldwell, Cameron,
Casserly, Clayton. Cole, Davis ot Kentucky, Davis
of West Virginia, Frol nu;huyi;cn. Goldthwaite, Ham-
ilton of Maryland. Hamilton of Toxas, Hill, John-
ston. Kellogg, Kelly, Norwood, Rice, Robertson,
Saulsbury, Seliurz, Sherma.u, Sprague, Stevenson,
Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull,
Virkers and VVrriKht—32.
ABSliNT—Messrs. Alcorn, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Cooper. Cragin, Ponton, Ferry of Connecticut,
Flanagan. Harlan, Lewis. Logan. Morton, Nye,
Pratt, and Stewart—15.
So the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next and last amendment of the
Committee on the Judiciary, which is to add
to the bill a new section.
The Chief Clerk read the next amendment
of the Committee on the Judiciary, which was
to add as an additional section to the bill the
following:
Sec. 6. That should any State, after the passage
of this act, deny or abridge tho right of any ot tile
male inhabitants of such States, being twenty-ono
yoars of ago, and citizens of tlio United States, to
vote at any election named in tho Constitution,
article fourteen, seution one, oxccpt for participation
in tho rebellion or other erime, the number of Rep-
resentatives apportioned in this act, to such States
shall bo reduced in the proportion which the number
of such male citizens shall have to tho whole number
of male citizens twenty-one years ot age in such
State.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 ask for the yeas and
nays on agreeing to that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mi-. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
second section of the fourteenth amendment
to the Constitution read. Probably it is not
familiar to the Senate. I send it to the desk
to be read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Jf we are going to stand
by any agreements, probably my friend had
better be quiet-
Mr. SHERMAN. You have no objection
to having that section read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; I would be glad to
have it read every day. It ought to be.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is in the
nature of debate, but if there be no objection,
the Secretary will read the section of the
fourteenth article called for by the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senate and the
Chair think it is in the nature of debate, I will
withdraw the call.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in the nature
of debate; but the Chair does not enforce the
agreements of the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. I only wish to repeat
in a single sentence what I said on Friday,
that 
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senate do not
mean to stand by the agreement, and let it be
all afloat, very good.
Mr. THURMAN. What agreement ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. To vote at four o'clock.
It is now after four.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And to vote without
debate.
Mr. THURMAN. I did not know anything
had been said about that. Certainly I will
stand by the agreement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment adding the new section
to the bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I have paired
with the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Lewis.]
If he were here he would vote in the affirma-
tive, and I in the negative.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—-yeas 28, nays 25 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Cameron, Car-
penter, Chandler, Conkling, Corbett, Edmunds,
Ferry of Michigan Frelinghuysen, Gilbert. Hamil-
ton of Texas, Harlan, Hitchcock, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill ot Vermont, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy,
Pool, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Scott, Spencer,
Sprague, Wilson, antlWindom—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Caldwell, Casserly,
Clayton, Cole, Davis of West Virginia, Goldthwaite,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hill, Johnston, Kellogg,
Kelly, Norwood, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sherman. Ste-
venson, Stockton, Thurman. Tipton, Trumbull,
Vickers, West, and Wright—25.
ABSUNT—Messrs. Aleorn, Anthony. Brownlow,
Buckingham. Cooper, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky,
Kenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan. Hamlin,
Howe, Lewis, Logan, Morton, Nye, Pratt, Schurz,
Stewart, and Sumner—20.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As that amendment has
been adopted, a verbal correction ought to be
made in it; in the fourth line to insert after
the word "the" the words "amendments
to the;" so as to read, " in the amendments
to the Constitution, article fourteen."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That correction
will be made if there be no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no article
fourteen in the original Constitution; but it
is article fourteen of the amendments that is
referred to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amend-
ment is agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to amend the
House bill by striking out the fifth section. I
do not know whether I have any tight to make
any observations upon the amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; we shall all under-
stand it on its being read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Debate is in-
hibited by the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate. but it is for Senators themselves to enforce
it, and not the Chair.
Mr. POMEROY. I want my amendment
read, and then I want the yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is proper,
because every Senator has the right to demand
the reading of that on which he is called upon
to vote. Tho Secretary will read the section
proposed to be stricken out by the Senator
from Kansas.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 5. That no State shall bo hereafter admitted
to the Union without having the necessary popu-
lation to entitle it to at least one Representative
according to the ratio of representation fixed by
this bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 34; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Boreman, Cald-
well. Clayton, Corbett, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas,
IJ arlan, Hitchcock, Kelly, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool,
Ramsey, Rice, Saulsbury, Spencer, Sprague, Tip-
ton, Wilson, and Windom—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Cameron, Car-
penter, Casserly, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Davis
of Kentucky, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry of Michigan,
Frelinghuysen. Goldthwaite, IlamiltonofMaryland,
Hill, Howe, Johnston, Kellogg, Morrill of Vermont,
Norwood, Patterson, Robertson, Sawyer, Schurz,
Seott, Sherman, Stevenson, Stockton, Sumner, Thur-
man, Trumbull, Vickers, and Wright—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Brownlow,_ Bucking-
ham, Cooper, Cragin, Davis of West Arirginia, Ferry
of Connecticut, Flanagan, Hamlin, Lewis, Logan,
Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nye, Pratt, Stewart, and
West—17.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. PATTERSON. I should like to offer
an amendment in order to infuse a little justice
into this bill, if I can have permission to say
two or three words to explain it. Otherwise,
I presume it will be of no account. If there
is no objection I would just like to say 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Hampshire desires unanimous con-
sent to speak briefly upon a proposed amend-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will it not bo under-
stood by just stating it?
Mr. PATTERSON. I only want to state it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Just let it be stated
what the amendment is.
Mr. PATTERSON. By this bill the State
of New Hampshire loses a Representative.
We thereby lose one third of our entire repre-
sentation. Now, Ohio has nineteen members
if she loses a member, she loses but one
nineteenth of hers. That results from the fact
that you use as a common denominator the
common ratio. If you take the population of
the State and use that as the denominator of
each fractional remainder, it will vary the rep'
resentation in only four of the States, and will
bring the representation more nearly to exact
justice. I will indicate the changes I would
make in the House bill.
Mr. THURMAN. What is the amend-
ment ?
Mr. PATTERSON. I will indicate it now:
it will give three Representatives to New
Hampshire instead of two ; it will give three
Representatives to Vermont instead of two;
it will give nineteen Representatives to Ohio
instead of twenty; it will give eighteen Rep-
resentatives to Illinois instead of nineteen ;
twelve to Missouri instead of thirteen ; two to
Florida instead of one, and four to West Vir-
ginia. It makes four changes only, giving to
New Hampshire, Vermont, West Virginia, and
Florida an extra Representative.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. What is the
whole number ?
Mr. PATTERSON. The same as in the
House bill, two hundred and eighty-three. It
simply makes these four changes by changing
the denomination of the fraction, instead of
using the common ratio—using the number of
people in the State as the denomination of the
fraction. It is more just altogether than the
method which is used here. I move those
changes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Hampshire has moved an amend-
ment, which he will please state, that tho Sec-
retary may take it down exactly.
Mr. PATTERSON. In the eighth line, to
substitute "three" for "two," after the word
"New Hampshire;" in the ninth line, after
the word " Vermont," to substitute "three"
for "two," and "ten" for "eleven," after
" Massachusetts;" in the eighteenth line to
substitute " nineteen for "twenty," after
"Ohio;" in the twentieth line to substitute
"eighteen" for "nineteen," after "Illinois ;"
in the twenty-first line to substitute "twelve"
for "thirteen," atter "Missouriin the twenty-
second line to substitute "two" for "one,"
after "Florida;" and in the twenty-seventh
line substitute "four" for "three," after
" West Virginia."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will now report the proposed amendment of
the Senator from New Hampshire.
The Chief Clerk read tho amendment.
Mr. PATTERSON. On this amendment I
ask for the yeas and nays.
