1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Fish Culture—Mr. Roosevelt.
Ho. of "Reps.
in any other quarter of the globe. In the
Btate of New York alone we have far more
area of water than in Great Britain and France
united, the actual acreage being 4G6.457
acres, while entire foreign States might be
almost swallowed up in several of our larger
lakes. Our rivers run a distance equal to one
fifth of the circumference of the globe, and
are navigable thousands of miles above their
mouths. But more important than all this is
the character of our fish, for we have the finest
fish in the world for artificial cultivation, the
most prolific, the easiest managed, and the
most remunerative. This is a superiority more
important than the other matters, and in this
Nature has been wonderfully kind to us.
In order to explain this difference I shall
have to describe with some detail the method
of manipulating the parents and raising the
young under the artificial method. Fish are
exceedingly prolific; nature seems to have
made them the great store-house of food
which was to be held in reserve until an in-
creasing population should have required it for
support. Every need of the human kind seems
to be met as it is developed, and the earth ap-
parently holds in its recesses the secrets which
are to keep the world thriving and progress-
ing for ages, and until it shall be covered with
a swarming and happy population, denser than
is now imagined to be possible, or than learned
essayists on a subject they do not comprehend
would permit as at all prudent. Fish food is
manifestly one of the means which are to
make such a result possible, and intellectual
care is to develop this resource to a degree as
yet hardly dreamed of by the most enthusiastic.
Different species of fish, however, vary re-
markably in the extent of their fecundity. A
cod and a herring each deposit a million
eggs, so that a dozen females of either,
weie all their eggs to hatch and attain ma-
turity, would furnish the entire yield of the
present time. Twelve million cod is an in-
credible number, and unless nature had pro-
vided a means of reducing this fecundity the
ocean would long ago have been filled, till
there would have been more fish than water,
and the sea would have been foul with their
decaying bodies. There is, however, no danger
of any such state of affairs : the difficulty at
present lies in the other direction. These are
the most prolific species, but the others do not
come so far behind, shad producing-from ten
to twenty thousand eggs to each pound of their
weight, and consequently yielding from thirty
thousand to one hundred thousand eggs each.
Salmon and trout are not so productive, hav-
ing only about two thousand eggs to each pound,
and not even that in the largest. \\ e have not
yet learned to breed cod or herring, but we can
breed shad, and hence we have an advantage
over the European nations that is precisely
proportionate to the relation that two bears to
twenty. Here is an immense point gained,
for shad grow as rapidly or nearly as rapidly
as salmon and far more so than trout, and they
are as delicious a fish oil the table if not quite
so substantial a meal.
Nor is this all. Salmon and trout require
three months or thereabouts to hatch, while
shad hatch within a week. The former must
be carefully watched and have special appli-
ances in the matter of water and location; the
latter need no attention, and hatch in a com-
mon box with a wire grating fastened over the
bottom. Salmon and trout are helpless for
thirry days alter they are born, being weighed
down with what is called the umbilical sack,
the unabsorbed portion of the egg. Shad are
able to take care of themselves and seek their
own food the moment they burst the shell. The
former must be fed when young and pro-
tected from their enemies for months, salmon
not leaving the fresh water and descending to
the sea usually till a year or more after bitth,
whereas the little shad seek the ocean as soon
as they are turned loose, and need 110 care or
food till they come back grown fish ready for
the gridiron or the baking-pan.
To explain these differences fully, and to show
also what can be done even with the least pro-
lific fish, it will be necessary to describe the
mode of raising the young by hand a3 it were,
for it is not intended to confine the national
operations of fish culture to shad by any means,
or to exclude the nobler and more valu-
able if more troublesome salmon. There are
three great classes of fish as viewed from the
stand-point of the fish-culturist, each having
a different mode of laying its eggs and raising
its young. First, the salmon tribe, what
ichthyologists call the salmonidee, which de-
posit their eggs in fresh cold water, digging
nests for them and covering them up as fast
as they are impregnated by the male; sec-
ondly, the herring family, which includes the
shad, another migratory species, but whose
eggs are left uncovered to drift in compara-
tively still fresh water; and, thirdly, the
perch family, which includes the black bass,
which deposit their eggs in a mass kept together
by a mucous or gelaienous substance which is
exuded with them. The latter cannot be
hatched artificially, the mode of manipulating
either fish or spawn not having been discov-
ered, and it is only with the fiist two classes
that the fish-culturist has anything to do at pres-
ent, aud these differ wholly in their methods
of incubation, if that word can be used in
default of a better.
The female salmon digs out a hollow with
her nose and tail in the bottom of some cold
stream, near its head-waters, and where the
current has a gentle and regular flow. She
brushes away the dirt and sand with her fins
and leaves a bottom of broken stones the size
of a bantam's egg. All this while her accepted
mate, who has won her favor possibly after
many a tough battle with rival suitors, watches
near at hand to drive off interlopers. As soon
as she has prepared the nest to her satisfac-
tion and the first throes of egg birth come
upon her the male darts to her side, presses
close against her, often seizing her by the gills
and exudes the fertilizing fluid with his body
in contact with hers, so that the eggs receive
it the moment they issue. This act over and the
male retires for a time to resume his watch,
calmly devouring any stray eggs which come
in his way or have been carried off by the
current, while the female proceeds to cover
those which have been impregnated. To do
this she brings stones with her fins carefully
and places them so as to protect but not injure
her precious deposit. She is aided by the fact
that salmon eggs are almost as heavy as shot
and have the faculty of sticking for almost
half an hour to whatever they touch when
they are first exuded, although they afterward
become free. So they sink at once and adhere
to the bottom long enough for her to cover them
before they are washed away. As soon as the
first deposit is properly covered, the operation
of spawning is renewed, and so on perhaps for
several days, till quite a mound of small stones
is erected on the spot where the fishy labors
have been expended. Then the parents,
weary, exhausted, ugly, ungainly, almost dead,
descend slowly to the sea, sickly in themselves
aud worthless as food until fine living on fat
crustaceans and lively minnows shall have re-
stored their flesh, strength, and beauty. At
this season they are utterly unfit for food, and
those who eat them often eat maggots as well,
and the ignorant epicures who put on their
tables these fish in December have the satis-
faction of knowing that they are eating salmon
flavored with worms, and very poor and thia
at that.
But 110 sooner has that pair of spawners
left their uest thau another pair comes along,
and here begins the first difficulty m piscato-
rial housekeeping, for the second pair are
exceedingly apt to select for their operation#
the identical spot chosen by the first, not only
destroying the nest utterly but devouring* with
apparent gusto all the eggs which were 80
carefully housed. By instinct the most favor-
able spots, as where a brook comes in, Or ft
spring bubbles up from the bottom, are first
chosen, and these will be dug over half a
dozen times, perhaps, before the last pair
visits it and secures it for their young. Nev-
ertheless, the perils of the embryotic state
are not over by any means, for all creatures
that live on or in the water seem to be fond
of fish-roe. Eels wriggle about it, ducks
poke their bills among the stones to reach
it, little shiners and minnows devour It,
and water-bugs of many varieties live on it.
Nor is that all; sediment settles on it, silt
washes over and smothers it, and fungus grows
on it. It must be free to a steady flow of
water or it will perish, and one bad egg will
contribute the contagion to a dozen healthy
ones.
The wonder is not that fish are so scarce,
but that there are any at all. Still, some of
it hatches, and what Lave we now? A poor,
miserable little fish, half an inch long, left
to his own resources in the world to get his
.breakfast, dinner, and tea as best he can;
and not only that, but actually loaded down
with a big bag like an extra belly, which he
must carry about with him and which impedes
his every motion for thirty days. No wonder
he hides his head under the stones and falls
an easy prey to enemies too numerous to men-
tion. Suppose he makes his way to shallow
water, and there near the shore be hide? till ho
has gathered strength and activity. He has
to wait from six to eighteea months before he
can venture to the sea, for weie the fry in
their then condition placed iu salt water they
would perish at once. The eggs are laid in
November or December, and the fry appear
in January, February, or March, according to .
the temperature of the water—the warmer
the water, the quicker the young hatch, bat the
more slowly they are developed the stronger
they are supposed to be, their period of gesta-
tion. varying from seveuty-five to one hundred
and twenty days. Next fall about one half of
them will change their appearance aud become
covered with visible scales. They are then
technically called ssuolts, and the scales, smalt
scales, and then they are ready to descend to
the sea. The residue will not undergo their
change till a year later, when they also will
seek a new life. When they have attained this
age they are, comparatively speaking, safe, and
are pretty sure to return the following spring
as grilse, which is the sporting name of a
salmou that has not spawned, aud will weigh
from two to six pounds, aud be as beautiful fish
as ever gladdened the heart of spoitsman or
stomach of epicure. After spawning they will
again go to the sea and ouce more return the
ensuing year the magnificent salmon pffrom six
to twelve pounds, aud thereafter gain every sea-
sou nearly bait a distil pounds till they come
to kick the beam at seventy or eighty, baviug
attained an age that is a mere matter of con-
jecture.
Salmou invariably return to the river where
they were bred. This has been conclusively
proved by many interesting expeiiaieuts, one
alone of which need be mentioned. The sec-
ond back tin, the small adipose dorsal as it 13
termed, has been cut off before they "were
allowed to descend the liver, and whilo tiiey
were shut up in some fresh-water pond. Grilse
and salmon were afterward taken in the same
stream without this fin. Thia habit seems to
rule with ail fi-sh of an aoadromous dis-
position, and although there was a doubt
whether it held good with shad, that doubt
