1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3867
is not founded on justice, it seems to me that
now is the time for us to correct that ruling
and found it upon justice. Take a mechanic
who is employed by the day's work by an
individual or by a corporation. Certainly it
will not be argued that because he has invented
a machine by which much labor and expense
is saved, he is to be deprived of the benefits
of that machine or that patent on account of
that employment. Neither should the Gov-
ernment because it employs an individual—
and, in the language of the Senator, sub-
stantially his labor belongs to the Govern-
ment—deprive him of the benefits of the exer-
cise of his mind and his genius. The result
of such a policy, if pursued, will be that
mechanics will follow in the old ruts; in other
words, there will be no stimulus to invention,
and their employment will be just such as
those who preceded them.
In this case a board of officers who exam-
ined the work that has been performed by this
mechanic through his invention for the last
four years states that the Government have
been benefited to the amount of $40,000.
Now, it is proposed not only for the past use
of this machine, but for all future use of it
during the life of this patent, to give this me-
chanic but $10,000, thus giving not its value,
but as it were a royalty for its use on the part
of the Government. Now, is it just in this
connection to attempt to deprive this mechanic
of the use of his machine elsewhere? The
Government should not step in and become
the beneficiary of the invention of an employ^
of the Government. If so far as the Govern-
ment is concerned it derives all the benefit
growing out of the success of the invention
of its employ^, then the Government has got
its full right and to the full extent of all the
relations pertaining to an emploj'6 of that
Government.
Now, sir, I believe the just course would be
to lix a fair, moderate compensation to the
mechanic, that you may stimulate him to in-
vention, and thus make the Government the
great beneficiary of the genius ofyour laborers,
and then open to the whole world the benefit to
be derived from the'invention, giving the ben-
efit of it to the mechanic. The Government
is not the sufferer, for it is benefited and saves
in expense and labor. I call the attention
of the Senator from Illinois to this matter. I
know his mind has run in the military line so
far as this subject is concerned, and what he
has stated may be the practice in that Depart-
ment, but if it has been so in the Navy De-
partment, 1 hope that he, with other Senators,
will now cooperate in changing it, and fixing
a rule that will be based upon justice, and
thus open a stimulus to the mechanism of tlie
country.
Mr. LOGAN. I did not expect to get into
any discussion on this subject. As 1 before
stated, I have nothing farther to say in ref-
erence to the practice of the Government,
whether it be right or wrong. But, in answer
to the argument of the Senator from Michigan,
I will say that if the course now proposed is
calculated to stimulate inventions, it should
be calculated then to put brains in men's
heads. I suppose if a man is of an inventive
mind, has a genius that way, it naturally stim-
ulates itself. The natural desire to work out
problems is sufficient to stimulate it.
My objection is not because this man is a
mechanic; that is not the reason, for I tried
myself once, when I was going through an
investigation of this subject, to have the Gov-
ernment pay a man employed in the navy-
yard here for an invention of his in reference
to shells, which they failed to do, and they had
the use of his invention for one dollar, and
finally he was dismissed afterward because he
made complaint. But the objection I have is
this: most of the inventions in ordnance that
are necessary for warfare which are in use to-
day are said to be the inventions of officers
of the Army and Navy. Whether they are or
not, I do not know; but the patents are in their
names, and they are said to be invented by them.
The usual course after they make an inven-
tion of this kind is to still remain in the Army
or Navy, have the Government make use of
their patent without any consideration, re-
ceive their pay at the time they are working
out this invention, use their time in this way,
and then sell their patent to spme party for
a large amount of money ; or if not, transfer
it to some one so that it may be used, and then
require a royalty to be paid. This is the
usual course which has been adopted hereto
fore. Now, I do say that when any officer in
the Army or any officer in the Navy or any
officer in the Government employ, invents
anything that is necessary for the perfecting
or carrying on of the business to which he is
attached at the time, and receives his pay for
his services while he is bringing out the in-
vention, the Government is entitled to the use
of that invention.
Mr. FERRY of Michigan. The Senator
does not understand me that I am arguing
here that the Government should not be bene-
fited by this invention to a larger extent. I
think the case before the Senate proves that
while this is to cover the life of the patent,
four years' use of this invention has been a
benefit to the Government of over forty thou-
sand dollars. We propose to give him bijt
$10,000 for the whole use. It shows that the
Government is the greatest beneficiary, and
that the mechanic is only paid a very small
moiety of the benefit which has been derived
by the Government.
Mr. LOGAN. I have no doubt of that;
but if this principle is established that every
person in the employment, of the Government
is to receive pay for the use of his inventions
by the Government, you will have applications
by the hundred for payment for using guns
that have been invented by Army officers.
There are not less than a half dozen around
the Capitol to day at least there have been
within a few days, with their different patterns
of guns of different kinds, wanting the Gov-
ernment to take them.
But establish the principle once that a per-
son in the employ of the Government shall be
paid a large amount for the use of an inven-
tion that his ingenuity caused him to produce,
and you will be paying, not ten thousand dol-
lars, but you will be paying millions of dollars
in a few years j for all your inventions to-day
of the machinery of war are claimed by men
who belonged to the Army or the Navy. When-
ever you adopt the principle that you will pay
them for the use of their inventions, you will
be paying hundreds of thousands of dollars
just as you did in a case not long ago, as I
understand—I never read the bill; I was not
here when it passed—pay a royalty toa widow
for the use of guns invented by her husband
while he was receiving pay from the United
States as an officer. I can say to you that a
majority of the shells that were used during
the late war were claimed (whether truly or
not) as the invention of Army officers, and so
of nearly all the guns. If you are to act upon
that principle, they have as much right to
come in and ask that you pay them for the use
of their inventions by the Government as you
have to pay this man for the use of his patent
by the Government, unless you pay him for
his patent and take it. If his patent is worth
more than $10,000, pay him the worth of it;
but do not pay him $10,000 for the use of it
by the Government, letting him have posses-
sion of the patent outside.
Mr. NYE. Wou'd the gentleman have the
Government selling patents.
Mr. LOGAN. I would not have the Gov-
ernment go to selling patents; but I say that
the principle is not correct for the Government
to pay for the use of any patent. My theory
would be that, the Government should pay for
the use of no patent. Every man who receives
a patent from the Government as a protection
to his invention should give the Government,
so far as its purposes are concerned, the use of
that patent without pay. I would apply this to
all patents, not to those obtained by men in
office particularly, more than anybody else.
The Government gives all patentees its pro-
tection ; and for the Government's purposes
it ought to have the use of any patent that it
needs, letting the patentee have the use of it
as against anybody but the Government,
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. . Mr. Presi-
dent 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
boy in the chair.) The Chair must remind
the Senate that the bill was laid aside by unan-
imous consent and is not now before the Sen-
ate. It can be resumed if the Senate desire
to consider it further.
Mr. CRAGIN. In order to get our bills
along, I move to resume the consideration
of the bill.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 2200) for
the payment of R. J<L Green for the use of his
patent by the Government.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Michigan is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CRAGIN. I will offer an amendment
prepared to meet the view of the Senator from
Illinois, and I will say that I for'one do not
see any particular reason why this inventor,
who is now in the employment of the Govern-
ment—I am not sure that he was when he
obtained this patent, but I think he was—
should not be allowed to sell his machine to
others than the Government. It is nothing
that should belong to the Government exclu-
sively, being a machine for bending chain-
cable links; but I see no good reason why he
might not have the , privilege of selling to
parties outside of the Government. But we
shall probably never reach this bill again if it
is passed over. I move to strike out of line
seven all up to the word " his," and after the
word "patent" to insert "his patent on a
machine." If that leads to any further dis-
cussion I shall ask to lay the bill aside. If
the Senator from Michigan desires to debate
it, it, can be laid aside now.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I am not in the
habit of taking up the time of the Senate in
the discussion of questions, but inasmuch as I
am a member of the committee, I think I will not
take the remark of the chairman to apply to
me, because 1 feel at this time, so far as my
own action is concerned, as a member of the
committee, that I desire the instruction of the
Senate, and their vote upon this question, to
guide me in my future action upon questions
similar to this. It is for that reason that I
presume to occupy a little of the attention of
the Senate.
In relation to the remarks made by the sen-
ator from Illinois, it is well known that these
mechanics who are taxing their brains by
these inventions for the benefit of the Govern-
ment while they are in the employ of the
Government, are paid only the wages of daily
labor ; they are getting no great salary ; and
if the Government treats them in this wise,
there is no real stimulus to them to try to
economize time or money. _
I wanted, while the Senator from Illinois
was on his feet, to call his attention to the
prize law. When your seamen are upon the
waters ; when the officers are in your Navy for
life, and are paid higher rates than common
laborers are paid, why is it that you put upon
your statute-books a law giving to the sea-
men and officers of a vessel that makes a
capture one half of the amount of the net
proceeds of that capture? It is to stimulate
activity, courage, and invention, to induce them
to invent methods of outwitting and captur-
ing your enemy. It is on that basis that the
law is enacted, and for that object.
In the emplovmentof men by the different
departments of"y°ur Government, if the rule
