1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
2471
law. His answer was this: that from the
nature of the commercial relations which sub-
sisted between a colony of Great Britain and
the mother country it must necessarily go to
London for a maiket. Why? Because the
wool of Australia is paid for one year in ad-
vance. The factors in London advance money
to the wool producers in Australia a year in
advance, and the crop is mortgaged and must
necessarily be sent to London for a market, and
the only place that the American consumer of
this wool can get it is by going to London for
it. These are things which we cannot change
until labor in this country is cheaper than it is
in Engiand, until money in this country is
cheaper than it is in England, and until Aus-
tralia ceases to be a dependence of the British
Government. This is the answer.
Mr. President, it is impossible to divert the
productions of a colony from the mother coun-
try. The only reason why Great Britain for
years has maintained her colonial policy is
that she monopolizes the trade of her colonies.
That is the only reason ; and the wisdom of
her commercial policy is so acute that all her
treasury regulations, all her commercial regu-
lations, are framed with a view to compel every
colonial product that is possible to go to the
mother country to seek a market. We cannot
change it, nor can we change it until labor is
cheaper in this country than in Australia or
England, until money is worth less here than
it is there, and until Australia ceases to be a
dependency of the British Government.
Mr. President, in my judgment whatever
may be thought of the general principle of a
subsidy, it is not wise for the Government of
the United States to expend $5,000,000 in
rowing up stream, as my friend from Connecti-
cut described it, in endeavoring to change the
current of trade from a colony of Great Brit-
ain to the United States. It is impossible to
do it. This line may be established ; it may
to a certain extent succeed ; it may transport
even the products of Australia via San Fran-
cisco and New York to London ; it may trans-
port the mails of that country in the same
way ; but what good is that to Americans ?
What good is that to us? Very little. Un-
doubtedly it is some gocrd ; but is it worth
$500,000 a year? Is it worth $5,000,000 in
ten years? In my judgment it is not. There-
fore, if we are to enter on this principle of
granting subsidies let us take a case where
the argument of commercial intercourse is so
strong as it is with China or with Brazil.
Mr. KELLOGG. Or Mexico.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps with Mexico;
that is a short line; but it must be remembered
that this seven thousand miles from San Fran-
cisco to Melbourne arid Sydney is longer than
the distance from here to Liverpool and from
New Orleans to Mexico, and I was about to
say from New York to Rio de Janeiro; but
that is not true; but it is longer than two or
three of these other lines. 1 therefore shall
vote against this subsidy, because I do not
believe that the interest of the Government is
involved to the amount that is now proposed
to be granted by this bill, and certainly I never
would vote for your bill to go as a mere bounty
for a service already done, and even antedat-
ing the contract more than a year, and paying
$500,000 for that.
Why, sir, something is said about ship-build-
ing. Some gentlemen say this will promote
ship-building. Sir, this contract does not re-
quire this company to build a single vessel.
They are running American-built vessels, per-
haps very good ones; and therefore this is for
the employment of American vessels in this
trade. It is not for building new vessels. If
they have occasion to build new ones, they are
bound to build them of American structure of
a certain kind and ot' a certain character, and
very good vessels ; but there is no stipulation
here, which I have seen, that requires them
to build so many vessels per year or so many
vessels in the ten years. They may buy the
vessels. There is no stipulation here as to
the number of vessels they shall build.
Mr. COLE. All they need.
Mr. SHERMAN. They have carried on
the stipulations of this contract with the ves-
sels they have on hand. Is there any stipula-
tion that they shall build new ones? They
must have had enough to earn $500,000 the
last year, or else the Senator from California
would not propose to grant it to them. I see
no stipulation here in this contract for the
interest of the Government. Whatever bene-
fit is derived is derived by the English Govern-
ment. Now, to-day, it would be just as advan-
tageous for the people of the United States,
including California, to have every dollar of
this stock owned by English subjects, and every
one of these vessels sailing under the English
flag, so far as the money view is concerned.
Mr. President, this is only theentering-wedge
to a great question which I am anxious to
approach whenever it is presented in a broad
and catholic way; That is how to build up the
commerce of this country and restore it to its
ancient prestige. My own judgment for some
time has beeu that the only way is to admit
foreign built vessels at a reasonable duty into
our ports to carry the American flag in com-
petition on the seas with all the vessels of the
world until we can encourage the building of
vessels here at home, as I believe in a short
time will be the case. My confident anticipa-
tion is that within five years from this time the
iron interests of this country will be so rapidly
developed that we can build in this country
iron vessels, as we formerly did wooden ves-
sels, to compete with the world. For some
time we maintained a protective system in
favor of our wooden vessels, until finally the
Baltimore clipper and some of our other ves-
sels were the most famous in the world, and
our commerce was rapidly increasing until the
war broke out. Then, in a spirit of false patriot-
ism, because some of our vessels were com-
pelled by stress of circumstances to raise the
British flag, to change their colors in time of
war—when it was impossible for us to protect
them theypulled down the American flag, and
there are now hundreds, I might almost say
thousands, of American vessels bearing the
flag of France, of England, and of other na-
tions—-from a mere false sentiment of pride we
refused to allow those American vessels, Amer-
ican built, to raise again the star-spangled
banner after the war was over, because we said
we would not allow a deserter, to use the lan-
guage of my friend from Michigan, to come
back under the old flag. Why, sir, the deserter
was a prisoner, and there was no reason in the
world except this false principle of pride that
prevented every one of those American-built
vessels from coming back into the American
-navy and swelling our merchant marine.
So now when by your mn igation laws you
absolutely prohibit any foreign-built vessel
from carrying the American flag, a thing that
no ot.her nation does, when by your naviga-
tion laws you absolutely prohibit under any
circumstances a foreign-built vessel from car-
rying our flag and carrying on our commerce
internal and external, you deny yourselves
the proud privilege of being the most power-
ful naval nation in the world.
Why, sir, if you were to proclaim now that
foreign-built vessels might by paying a certain
tonnage duty raise the American flag and be
registered as an American vessel, in a week
from this time one half of the lines that now
ply between New York and Liverpool would
raise the American flag. Americans now own
a large portion of the stock in many of the
leading lines, but they are compelled by your
navigation laws, by the laws which you have
passed, to still carry the British flag. Some
of those vessels are owned by American citi-
zens. One of them calls itself an American
line, but it must Have a British registry.
These are questions which are to be devel-
oped, which are a problem that we are to pass
upon. 1 am waiting with patience until the
honorable Senator from Michigan shall report
a bill on this subject that will be comprehen-
sive in its character, and will, I trust, in a
short time, without our engaging in the danger-
ous operation of subsidies, again establish our
commercial marine, not only on the Atlantic,
but on the Pacific.
Sir, I was a member of the House of Rep-
resentatives some twelve or thirteen years ago,
when this subsidy business was debated at
great length and abandoned—abandoned de-
liberately after full debate and on a full vote.
My friend from California [Mr. Cole] says
that was in pro-siavery times. Yes; and it
was done by anti-slavery votes. What were
the circumstances? We endeavored to main-
tain by subsidy a single line between New
York and Liverpool called the Collins line; we
heaped tVeasures upon that line, and what was
the result?- It did not prevent the superior
competition of English vessels, and finally they
had practically the whole trade except that
which was sustained by these bounties. After a
long discussion, participated in by both Houses,
the subsidy system was then abandoned.
We cannot maintain our present system of
navigation against the English by any subsi-
dies that we may grant. The English Govern-
ment now subsidizes vessels to the amount of
$6,000,000, about a million and a quarter
pounds sterling given to various lines. But
their subsidies would not give the British
supremacy. That supremacy is owing to the
fact that they can build vessels in England
cheaper than they can in this country or any
other country, except probably in Belgium. It
was not the subsidies, but it was her interest
in commerce, it was the cheapness of the
construction of her vessels, her superior facili-
ties in manufacturing all the parts and ele-
ments of a ship, that gave her the advantage.
We never can regain our old position until
-we have the advantage in ship-building just as
we had twelve or fifteen years ago in building
wooden ships. Why, sir, twelve or fiiteen
years ago the people of Maine, the people of
Maryland, the people all along the sea-coast
did not want any advantage in regard to ship-
building. Their ships had the vantage ground.
We never can regain our ascendancy in ship-
building until we can build ships as cheaply
as any other nation.
The policy that is wise in England in regard
to subsidies is not wise m this country. Eng-
land depends mainly upon her commerce. She
produces no raw materials. She is insular.
She depends on her colonies. She draws from
Australia, from Canada, from India, and all
the countries of the world the raw products of
her industry. We produce everything of that
kind. She is insular; we are continental. It
seems to me we cannot adopt the English
policy when the reason of the English policy
fails The idea of our voting six millions of
the money of the people of the United States,
or any similar sum of that kind, to maintain
in sickly existence a few lines of steamers on
the ocean would be an unwise financial and
commercial policy. We must wait a little
longer. The time will soon come, in my judg
mew, when we shall be able to compete with
Great Britain and all other nationsra the world,
but not by the system of subsidies.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, 1 believe the
real question now before the Senate is whether
this bill shall be referred to the Committee on
Commerce. It would seem that those who
favor these applications for subsidies to aid
our commerce are exceedingly unfortunate in
time, place, and opportunity. It is known all
over the Senate and all over the country that
this subject has been under discussion before
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
for more than two years. It was reported
upon last year, and reported upon this year
with, I believe, entire unanimity by that com-
mittee. It has been under discission around
every man's hearthstone almost the whole
