1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1575
parties where the Departments became satis-
fied from what I had said in reference to them
that they were persons to be trusted and upon
whom they could rely.
It will appear from this statement that I
have had very little to do comparatively with
appointments for several years. I have been
here, as is known to you, sir, for many years,
and when I come to answer this personal
attack which has been made upon me, it turns
out that my name has appeared in compara-
tively few cases, and those unimportant. Do
you see how unimportant these cases are?
Little post offices, some collectorships and
assessorships. Is there one office of any im-
portance in them with which my name appears ?
They are comparatively insignificant offices,
and mostly merely the references of papers,
to give the Departments the benefit of such
information'as I happened to have in regard
to the appointment which was sought.
The Senator says they were generally
appointed. I have not counted them over to
see whether they were generally appointed or
not. I had no personal interest in them
beyond serving the public good, and prob-
ably never knew in most of the cases whether
the persons were appointed or not. I gave
such information as I possessed, acting upon
the usage which has obtained, and I have
given that sparingly.
Now, sir, as far as I am concerned, I am
willing to leave this matter. I hope that I
may not have occasion again to call from the
Department in reference to myself papers for
the purpose of setting right an impression
which the remarks of any Senator may make
in regard to my action.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee ot the Whole.
Mr. LEWIS. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. COLE. I hope not. Let us get through
with this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. ANTHONY called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Boreman,
Casserly, Chandler, Clayton, Cooper, Davis of West
Virginia, Goldthwaite. Hamilton, of Maryland,
Hamilton, _oC Texas, Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston,
Kelly, Lewis, Norwood, Spencer, Stevenson, Stock-
ton, and Vickers—22.
KAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Caldwell, Cam-
eron, Cole, Corbett, Edmunds, Ferry of Michgan,
Flanagan. Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Harlan, Howe,
Kellogg, Morrill of Maine. Morton, Nye, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Schurz, Scott, Sher-
man, Sprague, Trumbull, West, Wilson, Windom,
and Wright—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Buckingham, Car-
penter, Conkling, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Fen-
ton, Ferry of Connecticut, Hainlin, Logan, Morrill,
of Vermont, Patterson, Pool, Robertson, Saulsbury,
Sawyer, Stewart, Sumner, Thurman, and Tipton—20.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on concurring m the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole in regard to the
civil service.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. On that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RICE. On this question I am paired
with the Senator from New York, [Mr. Pen-
ton.] If he were here he would vote " yea,"
and I should vote " nay."
Mr. SCOTT. On this question I am paired
with the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Car-
rEJTTER.] If he were here he would vote
against this amendment, and I should vote
for it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Blair, Cole,
Cooper, Corbett, Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds,
Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Johnston, Kellogg, Kelly, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morton, Norwood, Nye, Pratt, Schurz,
Sherman, Trumbull, Vickers, and Wilson—25.
NAYS — Messrs. Alcorn, Boreman, Caldwell,
Chandler, Clayton, Gilbert. Goldthwaite, Hamilton
of Texas. Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock, Howe, Lewis,
Osborn, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Spencer, Sprague, West,
Windom, and Wright—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Cameron. Carpenter. Casserly, Conkling, Cra-
gin, Davis of Kentucky. Fenton, Ferry of Connec-
ticut, Hamlin, Logan, Morrill of Vermont, Patter-
son, Pool, Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer,
Scott, Stevenson,Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Thur-
man, and Tipton—27.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. COLE. An amendment was proposed
on page 32 of the bill, after line seven hun-
dred and seventy-nine, which I now desire to
renew.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to insert after line seven hundied and
seventy-nine, on page 32, the folllowing:
Office of depositary at Tucson, Arizona:
For depositary, (in addition to his pay as post-
master,) $1,500.
Mr. COLE. I have a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury on this subject,
which I do not think it worth while to read
now, unless it is called for by some Senator.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On reading the letter
from the Secretary, I think the amendment
is right, although I opposed it the other day.
I hope we shall adopt it now.
Mr. HILL. We cannot finish this bill to-
night. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Several Senators. No, no; let us finish
the bill.
Mr. COLE. I think we can finish the bill
in a few minutes now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator from
Georgia will withdraw that motion. Let us
pass one bill at this session and have done
with it.
Mr. HILL. How long will it take?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know. If the
Senator does not wish to stay, I hope he will
let the rest of us stay and finish it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Georgia withdraw the motion?
Mr. HILL. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to hear that
letter read from the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. COLE. I think my colleague on the
committee [Mr. Sawyer] has the letter at this
moment; I do not find it on my file. I will
pass the amendment over for a moment, if the
Senator desires it.
Mr. HOWE. 1 wish to know if the Secre-
tary recommends this appropriation ?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir ; he does.
Mr. HOWE. Can the Senator state upon
what grounds the recommendation is made ?
Mr. COLE. On the ground that the depos-
itary, who is the postmaster at that place, has
to give bonds in the sum of $200,000, and is
constantly charged with the possession of from
seventy-five to one hundred thousand dollars
of the public money, for which, unless this
amendment is passed, he will get no compen-
sation, and there are no banks or other exist-
ing depositories except the post office at this
place. I have one recommendation here, but
since this was written I have received another
from the Secretary. This one is as follows:
" I also desire that the sum of $1,500 be appropri-
ated for salary for the depositary at Tucson, Ari-
zona, in addition to his pay as postmaster, for the
fiscal year ending June SO, 1873."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
California.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. On page 15 there was an amend-
ment reserved at the request of the Senator
from Kansas, [Mr. Pomeroy,] relating to
printing the laws in the newspapers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is an amend-
ment that was discussed at some length in
Committee of the Whole, and then reserved
in consequence of the committee being thin,
so that a vote might be taken upon it in the
Senate.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to insert on page 15, line three hundred
and forty-four, after the word "dollars," the
words " and all laws requiring the publication
of the laws and treaties in the newspapers are
hereby repealed."
Mr. MORTON. I hope that amendment will
not pass.
Mr. COLE. I am willing to have a vota
upon it without debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. An agreement
was made in committee that a vote should be
had in the Senate on this amendment before
the passage of the bill. It is now pending.
Mr. POMEROY. There are two objections
to this amendment. The first is that the Com-
mittee on Appropriations have undertaken in
an appropriation bill to repeal a law, which is
bad legislation ofitself. The committee gener-
ally resist all such amendments of their own
motion. It is certainly a singular place to find
the repeal of a statute, in an appropriation
bill. It is a vicious way of repealing laws, in
the first place, to put that repeal in an appro-
priation bill; and this is proposed now from
the Committee on Appropriations for the first
time. 1 hardly ever knew before of a recom-
mendation from the Committee on Appropria-
tions to repeal an existing statute in au appro-
priation bill. I have seen the committee
resist measures of that kind very successfully.
But to come to the merits of the question
itself, I want to know why it is that we resist
the publication of the laws in the States? It
was stated the other day that there are other
means by which the people can know the laws,
that they are in volumes, that they are in libra-
ries, that lawyers have them; but that is not
furnishing them to the people. You require
the people of this country to know the laws.
It is a presumption that they do know them.
Every criminal goes into court with a sup-
posed knowledge of the law. From time im-
memorial we have had a system in this country
that has put a knowledge of the laws within
the reach of the people lay providing that they
should be published in every State. Now, for
the first time in the history of this country, at
least for a great many years, the Committee
on Appropriations propose to repeal the law,
and thereby take away from the people a
knowledge of the law. I object to that. I
objected to it in Committee of the Whole.
The Senator from California waived a vote
then; I thought he gave it up; but now he has
renewed it again and insists that we shall vote
now, as we have come into the Senate, on au
amendment which was not concurred in and
did not meet the approval of the Senate when
it was in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Will the
Senator inform us what will be the probable
cost of this publication?
Mr. POMEROY. The chairman of the
committee stated what it was the other day. I
do not remember the precise cost.
Mr. COLE. I will state it when you are
through.
Mr. POMEROY. I think it was somewhere
between sixty and seventy thousand dollars,
but I am not certain as to the cost. I only
know that the publication of the laws in the
newspapers is a very cheap way of publishing
them. Our papers generally do not seek their
publication. The Government do not pay
enough to make it any great object. They
merely pay enough for setting up the type and
for the paper. But the people value this pub-
lication. There are several newspapers in my
own State that publish the laws for no purpose
that I know of except to have it said that they
publish the laws, and therefore the people
subscribe for their papers, and they get a
better circulation. It is one of the cards they
use to obtain circulation, that they publish the
laws of Congress, and the people who want to
know what new laws are passed take those
papers. If we were to rely upon our statutes
