628
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[May 13,
Ho. os Reps.
Fish Culture—Mr. JRoosevelt.
42d Cons....2d
has been removed, and it is now established
that not only will these return to the place where
they first saw life, but to the particular spot,
rarely stopping short, or ascending higher,
even, than that locality.
It is perfectly apparent, from this short ex-
planation, that the ova incur innumerable
risks and are far more than decimated before
they hatch. The only wonder is that any live,
and it has been estimated that not one in five
hundred comes to maturity. With this explan-
ation it ceases to be a matter of surprise that
nature has given this class of creatures such
wonderful recuperative power; were it other-
wise the race would die out in the face of so
many difficulties and enemies. But at the same
time the slightest thought will show how enorm-
ously this fecundity can be made to work in
the interest of man, and what a ready means
is here offered for the increase of food for the
human race. Care can remove these dangers
and drive away or exterminate these enemies,
and turn this fertility to full advantage ; and
the method of doing so I will proceed briefly
to explain.
The salmon, when they ascend the river to
spawn, are shut in some suitable part of the
water, beinj* either inveigled there as a favor-
able s'pawmng-ground or caught in nets and
forcibly put there; and when they are fully
ready, when they are ripe, as it is termed;
that is, when the eggs lie perfectly loose and
free in the stomach, they are taken from the
water, held over a tin pan, and forced to ex-
trude the spawn and mill by gentle pressure oil
their sides wiih the hand. And in this oper-
ation a wonderful advance has been made
within the last year. Heretofore it was ihe
custom to fill the pans with the water, as this
was supposed to most nearly resemble the
natural method; but now little or no water is
used, it being found that water drowns the
spermatozoa or life principle of the milt.
"1 his change of practice alone has made a
difference of fully twenty per cent, of the
yield, as it is found that the impregnation is
far more certain by this plan. Care must be
taken, however, tlmt the fish are entirely ripe,
and that the eggs will run out under a slight
pressure; if they will not the fish is returned
to the water till it is in proper condition.
The eggs are left for half an hour undisturbed,
and then are washed and spread in troughs
which are filled to the depth of an inch with
cieau pebbles, and through which (lows a gen-
tle current of filtered spring water, and there
they remain away from fowls and fish and
bugs, safe from sediment and fungus till they
hatch. They only require occasional exami-
nation for the purpose of preventing the col-
lection of deleterious matter, and to remove
such as may die and endanger the others.
When they hatch they are lelt in the troughs
till the umbilical sack is absorbed, when they
are placed in ponds and fed on beef liver finely
grated. Under this management all the seri-
ous perils of the natural method are averted
and the difference in the result is almost in-
credible, being little less than as a thousand
to one.
These directions apply to all the salmon
tribe—the salmon, the trout, the salmon-
trout and the white-fish, ail of which have the
same peculiarities. To explain the process
more fully, I will quote tiorn the report of the
New Yoik commissioners of fisheries, pie-
sented to the Legislature of that Stale March
19, 1872:
''State Ilniehmg-Uoitijc.—By the last amendment
to the act oi iheLegtsi.uure, concerning the protec-
tion ot fish in this State, the commissioners ot fish-
eries were authorized to build a State hatching
establishment tor the purpose ot breeding the better
kinds ot' fisli for distribution throughout the waters
of the State. Jfhis building was erected during the
summer ot 1870, and was completed in time for use
iu the artificial incubation of salmon-trout and
white-fish. It is neither a very large nor a very
costly establishment, but is the most efficient, prac-
tically, and the most produetive-in results of any in
the world. The water is introduced in the ordinary
way, through a number of flannel sieves, and is
led into twenty-four troughs, which are sixteen feet
in length by fifteen inches in the clear in width.
These troughs are raised about two feet from the
ground, so that a person sitting on a stoolalongside
of them can readily examine the condition of the
ova during the period when they are hatching. The
lower end of the trough is an inch'lower than the
upper end, so as to give a gentle motion to the
waters which are introduced into them. The water
flows from a spigot about an inch in diameter, and
through another flannel screen, whtcti is ail .idduionsil
protection against the accumulation of sediment.
"The troughs stand in pairs, so that the workmen
can readily overlook them by passing on each side
through a passageway left for that purpose. They
are divided up into compartments at every two feet,
and at first, when the eggs are being hatched, the
water running through tnem is only about half an
inch deep. The moment, however, the fish are out
of the egg, screens are introduced at each compart-
ment, and a piece of board being put' across the
lower end of the trough the water is raised to about
three inches in depth.
"The State hatching-house has been greatly en-
larged the past season, and operations for the winter
hatching of fish have been, on an unprecedented
scale, commenced. Millions of the spawn of salmon-
trout were taken there from the great lakes to bo
distributed through the State, or to be developed and
then distributed. It is mueh easier and less expen-
sive to distribute the ova than theyoung fishes. The
ova may be transported anywhere during the month
of December, but no later. More attention than
heretofore has been paid to the cultivation ot salmon-
trout, and less to that of white-tish, for it was found
that objection was made to the introduction of white-
fish in many of our ponds, on the ground that they
have to be caught with a net, and tha,t while they
are being taken, many other lish which could be
caught with a hook and line are destroyed at the
satno time. With salnion-tiout this is altogether
different; and as they bite readily at a hook, are a
handsome game fish, and good for the table, it is pro-
posed hereatter to raije afar greater portion ol them,
and few, if any, white-fish.
"A full detailed account of these operations is
appended, and the commissioners pride themselves
upon not only buildiug the cheapest and largest
fish-breeding establishment in this country or in the
world, but also in building one that has in every way
proved an entire success, and which l* capable of
supplying all the public waters in this State with all
the salmon tribes offish."
So much for salmon. Now for shad; and it
is rather remarkable that the whole process is
dissimilar, so much so that it had actually to
be discovered over again. So entirely differ-
ent are the two processes that I cannot do
better thtiu describe the manner in which the
latter mode was discovered. The credit of
this is due to our country, and to Mr. Seth
Green, of Rochester, New York, who is the
ablest pisciculturist to-day in the world, and
whose name will hereafter be written in the
list of those who have deserved well of the
Republic. He offered his services to the New
England commissioners, and proceeding to the
Connecticut river set about his operations in
May, 1857. He had little difficulty in catch-
ing ripe fish and none ill extracting the
spawn, to which he was accustomed from
handling trout, although he afterward ascer-
tained that the true time to take the parents
was at night, from eight to twelve p. m.,
as they seek the spawning beds principally
during the dark, but he soon found other and
more serious troubles. lie naturally pursued
the same method he had followed with trout,
placing the impregnated eggs in a trough and
turning on a gentle current of water. What
was his surprise, however, when he saw all
the eggs wash out over the lower end of his
trough. Here was the first striking difference,
whereas trout eggs are almost as heavy as
shot. The ova of sliad have litile more spe-
cific gravity than water, and will nearly float
of themselves. Then he reduced the current
and the egss all died. This was failure num-
ber one. He next tried leaving them in a pool
near shore, where there was no change of
water, and found the eggs all opaque and
lifeless next morning—failure number two.
He then built a low dam of small stones so
as to make a pond in ttie course of the cur-
rent, and so that the water would find its way
through the crevices, but still only a trifling
quantity hatched—failure number three. He
next tried boxes, putting wire sieving over the
ends and the bottoms and the sides, but in
vain, till he was almost in despair, and the
season had nearly reached its close. Then
fortune favored him. He happened to be
standing in the water experimenting with a
box that had the wire sieving on the bottom,
and which was filled with eggs, and accident-
ally elevated the front end so that, the current
struck the bottom at an angle. He observed
that some of the eggs lying in the lower end
were lifted and kept in motion like the bub-
bles boiling up in a tea-kettle; he elevated the
further end a little and more eggs boiled up ;
he raised it still further and they -all com-
menced boiling uiadly, although the water did
not pass over the top of the box at the lower
end. The question was solved, and thereafter
shad hatching was a certainty and a success,
and no ordinary success either, for while of
trout and salmon nearly ten per cent, are lost
even now with dry impregnation, with shad the
loss is so trivial that, practically speaking,
absolutely all are hatched.
Mr. Green felt jubilant, but he was by no
means out of the woods. He soon had his
boxes filled with young, for instead of taking
mouths, like salmon, shad issue from the egg
in a few days, and he proceeded to dispose of
them as he would do with trout. The latter,
as soon as they can swim, seek the shore to
hide under grass, weeds, and stones, but when
the shad were set free in the shallow water all
the shiners, dace, minnows, killeys, and other
small fish in the entire neighborhood collected
as though they were invited to a feast, and
proceeded to devour them ill a way that was
exceedingly painful to a parent's eye. Here
was a second perplexity, and there was noth-
ing for it but to wait for an explanation or an
inspiration. So a pond was built on the side
of ihe tiver, and the youthful adventurers left
there till some one should find out what to do
with them. Next morning they hud appar-
ently all disappeared, and were finally found
huddled together at the ouler edge of the pool.
Ileie was a suggestion, and to test its S'gmfi-
Cdin;e another pond was made, narrow, but
running far out into the stream, and into this
the fry were transferred. Next morning they
were again discovered collected at its outward
extremity, evidently trying to reach the center
of the river, and that problem was solved.
Now, the moment the shad are hatched, the
boxes are towed out into mid-stream, and
there, away from the small but dangerous foes
along shore, and too minute to attract the
bigger denizens of the deep water, the litile
fish are turned loose to find their own way to
the ocean, which they do by gradually floating
down stream, keeping their heads to the cur-
rent to catch such food, invisible to man, as
may come aloDg, and feebly wagging their tails
to acquire strength and activity. In two years
the males return weighing something under a
poutid, and in threeyears they reappear, males
and females, the magnificent fish, from two to
live pounds, that are so welcome to our table.
The difference between the natural and arti-
ficial method is too great almost to appreciate.
Take the case of a shad depositing by the
natural method sixty thousand eggs. Of these,
at the utmost, one hundred and twenty hatch,
and this is probably the outside limit. Of this
number say one quarter mature, the proportion
in this stage being a mere matter of conjec-
ture, and we have a final return of thirty for
two or fifteen for one.
Now, by the artificial method the entire
sixty thousand are hatched and started in life
away from their enemies. Of these, if a
quarter reappear, we have fifteen thousand in
lieu of thirty. Keep this up at a geometrical
ratio and the resulis are simply incalculable,
liivers that are now deserted could be filled to
