4264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is that amend-
ment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is to in-
sert after the word "mails," in line five, the
words "of the United States exclusively."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have not spoken to
that amendment before, [laughter,] and I have
not spoken five minutes. I respectfully appeal
tothe Chair; I have notspokeuon that amend-
ment at all, and I had not been speaking two
minutes when the honorable Senator from
Georgia interrupted me.
Mr. HILL. I should like to hear the Sen-
ator on this amendment and all the rest, five
minutes on each.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor will be indulged for five minutes on this
amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 do not ask to be in-
dulged ; I ask only for my rights.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator will be entitled to speak five minutes on
this amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not speak by the
grace of the Senator from Georgia, or anybody
else, except that of my constituents. I repeat
what I was going to say because 
Mr. HILL. It the Senator will allow me 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg the Senator not to
interrupt me. I am afraid of hiiu, and I do
not want to get confSsed about this business.
[Laughter.]
I was Saying, and I repeat, that I do not
think this provision in this bill will pass with-
out a thorough discussion. Senators may as
well understand that now as ever. If it turns
out to be right, of course everybody ought to
be for it. if it turns out to bo wrong, some
people ought to bo supposed to be against it,
how many I do not know.
[ was saying to the Senator from South Caro-
lina that a man of Jlis sense and sensibility can
well understand that you cannot legislate upon
information lliat Senators go to the Depart-
ment and get for their own satisfaction in favor
of this claim or that claim. If there was any
Rolid ground upon which these claims ought
to bo settled—and they are nothing but private
claims, by the way—it ought to be in the form
of a responsible report from the Postmaster
General or the Secretary of the Treasury,
which all the world can see, which the people
who have to foot the bill and have a right to
eriticifje (lie action of the Government can
scan, instead of (lie statement of my frieud
from South Cmoliim, which 1 know to be sin-
cere, that this is all right, that he has cross-
examined the Postmaster General in a corner
'..ojnewhoie, and has found out that the thing
ought to be done. The people cannot see that.
Therefore, I submit to my friend from South
Carolina that this is not quite the way to take
money out of i be Treasury. If ho was asking
us to hold it where it is until we could make
 u inquiry, then there would be some force
in it.
I have said this much not in order to delay
action, but to express my opinion, and now
sit down.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not wish to speak,
but to remind the Senator that this provision
is in the House bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know that that
helps it any. I suppose the Senate is inde-
pendent of the House yet.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana, to insert after the word "mails," in
the fifth line, the words "of the United States
exclusively."
The amendment was agreed to—ayes thirty,
noes not counted.
Mr. S TEWART. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment dispensing with
proof of loyalty was adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing question now is ou the amendment moved
by the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Mokrill,]
which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment,
which was to insert in lieu of the proviso
stricken out the following:
Provided, That before any payment shall be made
under this act, satisfactory evidence shall be fur-
nished that no compensation has been received or
promised from any source for such service other
than from the United States, and that the contract
for such service has not been assumed by any person
or persons in hostility to tho Government of the
United States.
Mr. SAWYER. Is that open to amend-
ment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. SAWYER. Then I move to amend it
by striking out the words " orpromised and
also the words " and that the contract for such
service has not been assumed by any person
or persons in hostility to the Government of
the United States;" so that it will read:
Provided, That before any payment shall bo made
under this act satisfactory evidence shall be fur-
nished that no compensation has been received
from any source for such service other than from
the United States.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. STEWART. On that I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, as I suggested that
amendment, let me explain it, and I do not
believe any Senator will vote against it under-
standing^. . Among the first acts of the rebel
confederacy, when they met, they assumed
these and other contracts between the United
Slates and citizens of tho southern States, and
undertook to execute them on the part of the
United States. Mail contracts were not im-
mediately relet for the benefit of the rebel
confederacy, but all the contracts then exist-
ing in the southern States declared to be in
rebellion between private citizens there and
the United States were assumed by the con-
federacy, and in many cases, and in nearly all
cases, those contracts went on to their end.
Why, sir, when the war commenced there were
existing contracts between the United States
and contractors iu nearly all the southern
States which bad two or three years to run.
The contracts did not expire by their own
limitation at the time fixed, May 81, 18G1; but
tho government of the confederacy assumed
those contracts, undertook to take tho place
of the United States, and those contractors
went on and completed their contracts with
the United States, receiving, however, the rebel
confederacy as paymaster. That was all the
difference. Under the circumstances, in a case
like that, where by the common consent of both
parties tho rebel confederacy continued and
executed a contract made with the United
States, and the contractor received the rebel
confederacy as paymaster and went on and
executed the work in pursuance of it, certainly
the United States ought not to be responsible.
Why, sir, the very moment that a power
within a State overthrew the authority of the
Government of the United States, all eon-
tiacts on behalf of the United States were
determined by international law. A contract
in favor of the United States could not be by
all act of the public enemy turned into a con-
tract for the benefit of the enemy of the
United States. The very moment South Car-
olina seceded and had power to make her
secession complete and absolute by over-
throwing all appearance of authority of the
United States, that very moment all contracts
of the United States for service to be done in
South Carolina ceased and determined by in-
ternational law. It was the act of the king's
enemy, the act of the enemies of the country,
and therefore the contract ceased ; and itwouid
be a good plea in court to determine a con-
tract to show that by a power superior to the
Government, in hostility to the Government,
the abilityto complete the contract was putan
end to. That in any court or tribunal m the
world is a full defense of any citizen against
the execution of a contract.
Mr. PRATT. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Ohio whether the courts of the
United States have not held contractors re-
sponsible upon their bonds for services under
these contracts up to the 31st of May, 1861,
so that where the money or postages received
were confiscated by the confederate govern-
ment, the postmasters have been made re-
sponsible to the United States?
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not the question.
Here is the question: suppose these con-
tractors had expressly or impliedly received
another person, another party, another power
in hostility to the United States as their pay-
master, and had either expressly or impliedly
changed their contract so as to assume another
party to that contract, ought the United States
to be responsible then on such a contract?
That is the case now presented. This amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont only goes
to the extent of declaring that where these
parties have been paid by some other power,
or have received and accepted an implied or
express contract with another power to pay
them, that is an end of their contract with the
United States. It seems to me that touches
the whole matter.
Mr. COLE. We commenced this bill at
twelve o'clock, and it is now nearly three
o'clock, and we have made no progress at all.
We have not advanced one line or word or
syllable in the bill. I hope Senators will real-
ize that we are approaching very pearly the
eud of the session, and that it is necessary to
proceed with this bill. There are other ques-
tions that are as much likely to excite discus-
sion as this, but if all the time is spent on this
one proposition, we shall find ourselves in the
difficulty after a little of being unable to con-
sider questions of great importance to the
country. I hope Senators will permit us to
have a vote on this question without further
discussion.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senator from
California who has charge of this bill will keep
us here until very material progress has been
made in the bill, even if we have to sit until
midnight without a recess.
Mr. COLE. I very much fear that I have
not the power to do that. I should like to do it.
Mr. ANTHONY. We will all support the
Senator if he will take that stand.
Mr. COLE. I am very anxious to go
through with the bill, and I shall ask the Sen-
ate to stand by me until the bill is brought
very nearly to a conclusion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I wish very
briefly to call the attention of the Senate to
the distinct proposition that is now before it.
The proposition is that where the rebel gov-
ernment assumed to pay, and by any default
of theirs have not paid, then the Government
of the United States shall step in and make
good such default. I trust there is no more
purpose on the part of any Senator to become
the indorser and responsible payer for the con-
federate government than there would be to
pay these parties twice over. My amendment
is merely that they shall not be paid where
they have once been paid, or where the con-
federate government assumed and agreed to
pay them.
Mr. ALCORN. If the Senate will indulge
me a moment, I will say no more after this. I
desire, however, to present the point made by
the honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] in its true light. Under this amendment,
if the government of the confederate States
assumed to pay, the contractor can obtain no
pay at all from the Government of the United
States. Now, I ask that Seuator whether he
is so much of a State-rights man as to declare
here that the States of the confederacy had
the right and the power to transfer the allegi-
ance of their citizens? It was an act of power
on the part of the government. They seized
contracts and said, " We will assume the con-
tracts." Many of the contractors abandoned
their contracts at once, but others of them
