3368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
is to obtain now that the mechanics are not to
be paid for their inventions, you give public
notice to mechanics that when they come into
the employment of the Government they must
place a quietus upon the activity of their brain.
That brain is not particularly necessary to any
great extent in doing their mere work ; that
is done more by habit and by repeated blows
of the muscles. But. sir, there are many
works pertaining to the Government where
brains can be exercised to a profit; and^ a
mechanic not commissioned, paid but daily
wages, may save to the Government in econ-
omy of labor and money more, ten times over,
than the money value of his mere kbor for a
life-time by some small invention. Ifbecause
you give him a small royalty, you are to de-
prive him of the right of using or having his
machine or invention used outside of the wants
of the Government,, where it does not compete
one particle with the interests of the Govern-
ment, youthen say to him, " When employed
by the Government you shall not exercise
your brain ; but when employed by individuals
outside of the Government, then we give you
stimulus to tliat brain."
Mr. ALCORN. It occurs to me that there
is a distinction to be taken, in regard to this
question, between officers of the Government,
who are commissioned by the Government, in
the pay of the Government,, and whose widows,
should they die, are pensioned by the Govern-
ment,, and mechanics employed at daily wages.
The officers are the children of the Govern-
ment, and whatever they may do in the way of
invention should properly go to the Govern-
ment for the uses of the Government, because
the Government has already provided for such,
and when they die their widows are cared for.
lint with the<laily laborer the case is different,
lie works in the Government departments as
a laborer; his muscle, Ins sweat is the depend-
ence of Ins family for bread. Should he die
to-tuorrow, his widow is left without that, mus-
cle and without that, sweat. Now, practical
legislation issomething we should look to. If
you establish the principle that the laborer is
not to be paid for any invention he may dis-
cover, ho has hut to withdraw from I lie Gov-
ernment service when he apprehends a dis-
covery. When he sees it within his grasp he
has to withdraw from the Government, service
and the invention is his. Then why would you
establish here a precedent that he is not to
be paid for his invention? Why not, continue
bim in the Government serviee? You have
had the benefit of litB muscle, and he pro-
poses to give the Government the benefit of
his brains.
Another distinction I may mention. The
ofiicer of the Government woiksout his inven-
tion at the expense of the Government, lie
is furnished and supplied by the Government,
with all that is necessary in applying the lesls
and for working I ho changes necessary to
develop liis discovery. It is in truth and in
fact property of the Government, unquestion-
ably and unmistakably. I say with the
laborer, his inventions are inventions that he
works out in peiiods of time that do not
belong to the Government,; in the hours of
the night,, in the hours of recess, he applies
now his brain and his muscle in concurrence
to bring out a result. It occurs to me that
he should be entitled 
Mr. LOGAN. Will the Senator allow me
to make a suggestion right, there ?
Mr. ALCORN. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. The Senator speaks of the
laborer not being paid for his invention. He
certainly misapprehends what I have said. I
have no objection to paying him for his in-
vention, because I am willing to go for the
810,000 for his invention; but my objection
is to paying for the use of it by the Govern-
ment. There is tha distinction. Let me put
a case to show where you will place the Gov-
ernment, and we ought at least to guard the
rights of the Government as well as the rights
of the individual. As I said before, I am not
opposing paying this man because he is a me-
chanic. I am as good a friend of the laboring
man as anybody. I labored pretty hard once
myself. Mr. Allin, at the Springfield armory,
invented what is called Allin's patent gun,
which is the breech part of what we call the
breech-loading rrtusket that is now in the
hands of our troops. He is a mere mechanic
employed by the Government of the United
States. It is called Allin's patent, invented
in 1860, I think. The Government of the Uni-
ted States has made probably three or four
hundred thousand of these muskets ; at least
two hundred thousand. Anyhow, they are
used by our troops. The royalty on a musket
is one dollar. Now, if Mr. Allin is entitled
to pay, as he would be under the theory of this
bill, originally for the use of his invention, and
he can prove that the royalty ought to be one
dollar a gun, (for that is the royalty the Rem-
ingtons charge and all the other gun men,)
you will have to pay him two or three hun-
dred thousand dollars for the use we have
made of hia patent. Hence I say the prece-
dent you are going to establish by this bill is
one that will mulct the Government in mil-
lions of dollars. I have no objection to pay-
ing this man for his patent, but 1 do object
to paying him for the use of his patent. That
is the distinction. If you do, you will have to
pay a great deal more money than you think.
Mr. CRAGIN. I move to lay this bill
aside for the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from .New Hampshire moves to postpone until
to-morrow the further consideration of the
bill.
The motion was agreed to.
ASSISTANT ENGINEERS.
Mr. CRAG IN. T move now that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
2055.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (II.
U. No. 2055) for the relief of 11. C. Chris-
topher, G. W. Heard, C. A. Uber, Edward
Stiles, and N. II. Lamdin was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. The bill pro-
vides that 11. C. Christopher, G. W. Beard,
0. A. Uber, and Edward Stiles shall, from and
after its passage, be entitled to and receive,
while on the retired list, the pay of retired
second assistant engineers in the Navy. It
also pioposes to authorize the President of
the United States to appoint N. II. Lamdin,
at the foot of the active list, a second assistant
engineer in the United States Navy.
-The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, road
the third time, and passed.
JOHN SYVANSON ANI) t., K. CHESTER.
Mr. CHAGIN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 2051!.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the bill (II. II. No. 2053) author-
izing the nomination and appointment to the
retired list, of the Navy of certain volunteers
on the active list of the Navy who aredisabled
in consequence of wounds received during
the late war. It authorizes the President of
the United States to nominate, and, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate,
to appoint, upon the retired list of the Navy,
with the rank of master, L. R. Chester, form-
erly an acting ensign in the Navy.
The Committee on Naval Affairs reported
an amendment in line six, to strike out " L.
R. Chester, formerly an acting ensign in the
Navy," and insert:
John Swanson, a mate, who has been in the naval
service for nearly twenty years, and who was dis-
abled in tho lino of his duty ; and if^uis It. Chester,
who was disabled in tho attack upon l?ort Fisher,
while an aotmg en&ign in the Navy.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time.
The bill was read the«third time, and p&ssed.
CRKW or TIIE VICKSBURG.
Mr. CRAGIN. I move now that the Sen:
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 1026.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (8.
No. 1020) for the relief of the officers and crew
of the United States steamer Yicksburg was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to authorize the Secretary of the
Navy, in cohjunction with the Secretary of
the Interior, to draw from the Navy pension
fund the moiety of the proceeds of seventy-
eight bales of cotton picked up at sea by the
officers and crew of the United States steamer
Vicksburg on the 31st day of May and 1st day
of June, 18G4, that moiety having been erron-
eously credited to that fund, and to direct the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury to
distribute and pay the same to the officers and
crew of the vessel as provided by law.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
CORRECTIONS IN PRIZE LISTS.
Mr. CRAGIN. I move to proceed to the
consideration of Senate bill No. 849.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 849) authorizing corrections to be made
in errors in prize-lists was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It provides that in all
cases where corrections in the distribution of
prize-money have or may become necessary,
and in all cases where the names of parties
entitled to share in prizes have been or may
by error bo omitted from the prize lists the
Secretary Of the Navy is authorized to direct
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
to correct and pay the same, the former upon
the piinciple that the provisions of the act in
force at the date of final adjudication govern
distribution, and the latter to receive their
proportion of the prizes claimed, the same as
all others of like rank and pay who have been
paid, using for such purposes any money in the
Treasury not, otherwise appropriated.
Mr. CRAGIN. 1 will state that this bill
was drawn by the Fourth Auditor of tho Treas-
ury and is recommended by the Treasury De-
partment and also by the Secretary of the
Navy. It is merely to correct errors in prize
lists.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
CHARLES W. WHITNEY.
Mr. CRAGIN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 329.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 329) for the relief of Charles W. Whitney
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to appropriate $G1,000 to pay
Charles W. Whitney for the enlargement of the
iron-clad battery Keokuk, upon the execution
and delivery by bim of a receipt in full for all
demands against the United States on account
of the construction of that vessel.
The Committee on Naval Affairs proposed
to amend the bill by striking out in line three
the words "sixty-one thousand dollars" and
inserting "(ifly thousand dollars."
Mr. CRAGIN. Charles W. Whitney took
the contract to build the iron* clad Keokuk at
certain dimensions. He made a verbal con-
tract here in Washington. He went to New
York and employed some engineers there,
and ascertained that the vessel must be en-
larged, but the contract was made with the
Department according to the understanding
when he was here in Washington, but the en-
largement was approved of by the Depart-
ment,, and the vessel was completed and ac-
cepted, and did good service, fie simply
