1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
629
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Fish Culture—Mr. Roosevelt.
Ho. of Reps.
repletion, so that there would beabundancefor
netters, seiners, and fishermen of all kinds,
whether they fished in season or out of season,
early or late, and with murderous or legitimate
implements. This is the object to be obtained,
arid although at first it may be desirable to
have protective laws till the pr«pagating-
houses are established and in working, in the
end they should be all swept away and the
people allowed to pursue, catch, and eat when-
ever they might feel so inclined. No river on
our continent yields more than a million shad
annually; so that with a moderate effort the
supply could be immensely augmented; but
the effort should not be suspended until at
least one hundred million young fry are placed
alive in every stream of considerable size at
present visited by these fine fish.
The vast superiority of shad raising over
salmon raising is perceived in a moment by
a comparison of the two systems. The for-
mer requires merely a few hundred boxes of
common wood, with wire sieving over the bot-
tom, covered with coal-tar to protect it from
the action of the water. These boxes have
pieces of wood nailed on their sides to act as
floats, and at such an angle as to keep the
bottom slightly inclined against the current,
the degree of inclination being regulated by
experiment. The boxes are strung behind one
another in long lines, their floats projecting
beyond the ends, and connected with ropes.
The whole swings with the tide if in a tide-way,
or tails out under the influence of the current,
and needs no care except at slack-water, when
they need jogging now and then to keep the
eggs from being smothered. The expense
of all this is so trifling as hardly to be worth
mentioning, while the product is immense.
The spawning-grounds are always near fish-
ing-stations, and the fishermen can readily be
induced to haul at night by a little extra
remuneration, as they use the fish whether
stripped or not. As soon as the net is hauled
ashore and the fish thrown into a boat a pan
half full of water—for dry impregnation has
not yet been tried, although it will probably
be universal in time—is placed near the oper-
ator, to whom the fish are handed one after
the other. He manipulates them, throwing
them aside as fast as they are stripped, and
when they have all been used he sets the pans
aside for half an hour, during which time the
eggs swell and become firm and turgid and the
water falls ten degrees in temperature. This
is repeated as often as the nets are hauled, and
fiually the pans are taken to the boxes and
emptied into the latter, where the eggs remain
till ihey hatch, the period varying according to
the heat of the water from two days to seven.
Nothing can be simpler than all this, and
though, like everything else, it requires a little
practice, the roughest and mo3t ignorant man
can soon acquire the requisite knowledge to
manage the establishment.
The great results which are promised by this
enterprise are not mere matters of guess-work ;
salmon have been cultivated abroad so as to
restock abundantly many streams which had
been entirely depleted, and here the conse-
quences of shad culture have proved them-
selves to be exactly what it was predicted they
would be. The same fall that, the first experi-
ments were made in the Connecticut, shad fry
were noticed as being unusually abundant in
the lower part of that river, more so than they
had been known to be within the memory of
the inhabitant!!. Thiee years later they re-
turned—they were not expected sooner, such
being their habit—and in numbers surpassing
anything that the fishermen had experienced
in years. At, first this was supposed to be
only an accident, and was explained by the
unbelievers upon various theories, and these
asked a suspension of judgment until the
next year. But all theories in opposition were
put to rout next season when the fishing was
actually unprecedented, being better than had
been known in fifty years. So decided was
the effect of this improvement that the price
of shad fell in the northern markets to less
than one third of what it had been previously.
And I will in this connection again quote from
the report of the New York commissioners :
" Shad were far more abundant and far cheaper
than they had been for years, both on the Connecti-
cut and the Hudson; especially so on the iormer
river, the yield from which actually glutted themar-
kets and reduced the wholesale price from eighteen
dollars a hundred down to three. This was mani-
festly the consequence of the previous efforts, and
confirmed the prediction* of those who had studied
the habits of the fish. It was expected that the
great body of such as were hatched would return in
three or four years full grown ; and it was exactly
four years previous that Mr. Setb Green, under the
auspices of the New England commissioners, had
first discovered the method of hatching shad, and
had placed many millions of yoang fry in the Con-
necticut.
"Most of these returned to the river where they
were born. The effect on the market, however, was
mainly attributable to the yield of that river, which
supplied New York and other adjacent cities so
abundantly as seriously to reduce the profits of the
fishermen on the Hudson. It is perfectly plain,
from these results, that unless active steps are taken
to restore our_ fisheries, and unless we keep pace in
this matter with our eastern neighbors, our fisher-
men will be entirely ruined. So entirely are the lat-
ter satisfied of this, that there is no difficulty m ob-
taining their consent to anymeasures thatwill tend
toward accomplishing this end. The experiences
of last season convinced the most incredulous, and
they are now a? anxious to encourage fi.h culture as
they were once bitterly prejudiced against it."
When a process to add to the wealth and
resources of the nation is so simple and yet
so valuable, it would be criminal in the Gov-
ernment to refuse to lend a helping hand, as,
for the reasons already given, this can never
be a matter of private enterprise or even
of State industry. Trout can be preserved
in private ponds, and should be, as they are,
left to professional fish culturists to produce,
and these drive quite a trade and Biake large
profits, there being many hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars invested in the business: but no
one individual can retain any ownership over
a fish which must go to the sea, nor can even
any single State, except in the rare case of
the river being entirely within its own juris-
diction. We have established a National Bu-
reau of Agriculture on a large and expensive
scale. Why should there not be a similar in-
stitution for pisciculture? At least we can
take a step in that direction, and begin on so
small a scale as is proposed by this provision
of law.
The relative fertility of the water and the
land is altogether in favor of the water. An
acre of land will produce corn enough to sup-
port a human being, but an acre of water will
support several persons, and could readily be
made, with proper aid, to sustain the lives of
mauy more. The former requires m inuring,
working, planting, and harvesting; the latter
merely requires harvesting; and that where
the fish are sufficiently abundant is hardly a
labor at all. While the yield from the land is
reasonably large, the profit is exceedingly
small. The field must he plowed, and
harrowed, and fertilized ; the corn must be
planted; it must be plowed again ; and still
again, must be hoed ; and at last the ears must
be stripped, husked, and ground. What is the
net result of this compared with the natural
increase of fish grown in abundance, almost
without, effort, finding their own food, and
finally taken iu some net which does its fish-
ing while its owner is sleeping?
I'hen the relative productiveness: the ear
of corn grown from a single kernel will more
frequently fall below than rise above a thou-
sand grains. A shad lays, say sixty thousand
eggs, of which we have said fifteen thousand
can be brought to maturity with the care and
oversight of mau. Were the farmer to strew
his corn broadcast over sod and rock alike*
'•by the wayside and on the stony places,"
and leave it to come up with weeds and tares
without manure or attention, he would hardly
expect a good crop, and would find much
trouble in living on the proceeds, no matter
how much land he owned, and yet tbis is pre-
cisely what we do with fish. To judge by what
has been effected it may be confidently asserted
that fish culture is yet to add a very large pro-
portion to the wealth and resources of the
world, above all to the riches of this continent..
At preseut our vgist lakes are left untitled,
some of the smaller ponds and many streams
in the older and more thickly settled States
have absolutely no edible fish in them, and
some no fish whatever; the hook, the net, the
spear and the "jack"—night-spearing—has an-
nihilated the last one. They teemed once with
their natural inhabitants. Why cannot they
be made to do so again? The evidence of oar
own and other countries clearly prove they
can.
The decrease of fish is attributed to over-
fishing and unseasonable fishing, which is
true; but these are the ordinary concomitants
of advancing civilization and increasing popu-
lation, and only admonish us that man must
use his mind to increase the supply. It has
been alleged that the food had diminished
even in the sea; and here again I cannot
do better than quote from the report before
ailuded to of the New York commissioners:
"A familiar explanation of the decrease of fish,
given by all those who are interested in keeping op
the present unwise mode of destruction of tbe fish-
eries. is that their food has disappeared. It was
essential in the first place to ascertain whether this
was true; and to determine tbe question dredges
were drawn over the mussel beds, and the water ia
various parts of the bays and ocean was examined,
to see if it contained much animal life. These exam-
inations demonstrated that instead of any decrease
in the supply of food, it must absolutely have in-
creased from reduced consumption and tbe destrue.-
tion of its natural enemies; the biv alves, crnstacears,
and all manner of similar creatures were abundant
on the bottom, while the water was literally alive
with animal matter, with polyps, infusoria, jelly-
fish, kc. A bucketful taken from it anywhere was
simply full of such animaicula. Here was one point
setiled conclusively: true that the menhaden had
been used for their oil to an extent that bad made
them searce, and their disappearance had injured
the more ravenous varieties ol fish, but the bottom-
feeders and the slow swimmers had around thein
more food than they could possibly consume."
The truth is the food is too abundant, for
these creatures often prey on one another,
the,smaller varieties devouring the eggs and
young ot the larger, and becoming, in their
turn, a prey to those of maturer growth.
And here is the true explanation of the rapid
extinction of fisheries when they become
depleted beyond a certain limit. Nature bal-
anced tbe number of each kind, providing
that mutual destruction of one another should
keep all in check. Mau destroys this equi-
poise by killing those only that he can use.
fbe rest then augment at an increased ratio,
the enemies of all sorts of the edible kinds
have no check, they multiply, and multiply
until they obtain the mastery, and then quickly
comes the end when the better sorts are exterm-
inated. This is apparent, but is .sustained
by the fact that new varieties when introduced
into unaccustomed waters increase for the
first few years with inordinate rapidity. For
a time their natural foes do not exist in suf-
ficient numbers to curtail this growth, but as
the latter develop the counterbalance is re-
stored and the stimulated activity ot reproduc-
tion ceases.
The time may come in the distant future
when the edible fishes shall be made so abun-
dant by artificial cultivation tbai the food of
the piscivorous sorts may fail; then it may be
accessary to breed those whicti live on water-
grasses and vegetables to supply the others
with sustenance. At present, however, there
is no such necessity ; not only is the sea alive
with food, but the large lakes are equally well
