1872;
THE CONGRESSIONAL {xLOB!.
3369
asks pay for the extra pounds of iron he put
in for this enlargement. He enlarged it more
than twenty-five per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is there a report?
Mr. CRAGIN. Here it is.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it had better be
16 Mr. CRAGIN. Very well; but I thought
I could state it in briefer time.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted July IB, 1870, by Mr. Cragin, from
the Committee on Naval'Affairs:
That the memorialist, on or about the 16th clay of
March, 1862. contracted to build for tbo United
States Government an iron-clad vessel one hundred
and fifty feet in length and thirty feet in breadth, to
draw eight feet of water, and to cost $220,000. This
contract, though verbal, was explicit in its terms,
and was regarded as binding on the parties.
Rear Admiral Smith, chiet the Bureau of Yards
and Docks in the Navy Department, on being asked
by the memorialist if he should wait in Washington
to sign the contract, replied in emphatic language:
'Wait for nothing; go forward with the work;
the contract will follow you.' And Mr. Fox, the
then Assistant Secretary of the Navy, urged, in the
strongest terms, that the vessel should be pressed to
completion at the earliest possible moment.
'Iron-clads' were at this juncture, in great de-
mand. The country needed their services, Within
the ten days previous the memorable battle between
the Monitor and the Merrimack had electrified the
people, and the public mind was impressed with the
belief that the Monitor, with her gallant commander
and crew, had saved our fleet in Hampton Roads
from destruction.
Without delay, Mr. Whitney, m obedience to in-
structions, immediately left Washington for New
York city, and commenced preliminary arrange-
ments for building the iron-clad Keokuk.
The construction of iron-clads was then m its
infancy. The most experienced ship-builder at that
time had comparatively very little experience in
this branch of naval architecture.
Though his plans and proposals had been before
the Bureau of Yards and Docks for many months,
and had been carefully examined and thoroughly
approved of by officers of known ability, yet Mr.
Whitney, "to make assurance doubly sure," after
receiving the contract, but before laying the keel of
his vessel, employed two of the most skillful and
reliable men he could find to go over the figures
again before he commenced the work, and to esti-
mate as cl&eely as it was possible all that the ship
would be required to carry in the way of coal, pro-
visions, armor, and munitions of war. From the
investigations of the two gentlemen employed, Mr.
Whitney became satisfied that sufficient leeway had
not been allowed for all the vessel would be required
to carry to make her a success; and without stop-
ping at the time to bargain with the Department
for extra compensation, he at once determined to
increase her size, and added one hundred and sev-
enty-two tons—over twenty-five per cent.—to the ori-
ginal capacity of the vessel he had contracted to
build, and on which the contract price hrfd been
based. Thisdetermination was communicated to the
Department at Washington, and was fully approved
of in the Bureau of Yards and Docks.
The verbal contract, made on the 16th day ot
March, 1862, provided for aVessei one hundred and
fifty feet long and thirty feet broad. The*written
contract, bearing date March 25,1862, subsequent to
the suggestions of Mr. Whitney as to increase oi
size, provided for a vessel one hundred and ntty-
nine and one half feet long, and thirty-six leet
broad, with a corresponding increase oi steam-
power. But we find in this written contract no in-
crease of compensation whatever to the contractor.
He claims to be allowed the value of'extramaterials
furnished and extra work performed in making the
enlargement of the vessel, and this constitutes his
claim now pending before Congress.
An increase of one fourth in the size of a vessel
must necessarily very largely enhance its cost.
Mr. Mara, who superintendpd the construction ot
the work, in his certificate made under oath, and
which will be found on the seventeenth page oi the
printed memorial of Mr. Whitney, estimates .the
increased and proportionate amountoi iron required
for the enlargement at 307,957 pounds; and Mr.
Wheeler, the constructing engineer, as will appear
from his certificatajpn the eighteenth page oi toe
same memorial, estimates the cost oi constructing
such enlarged steam machinery, over and above the
cost of the machinery of the dimensions originally
designed, at $10,000.
The jron alone (307,957 pounds) at fifteen cents per
pound, theprice allowed to the contractor for some
extra work done by direction of the Government,
amounts to   $46,193 5o
And the cost of the enlarged machinery ^ ^ ^
Total   55
It is conceded that Mr. Whitney did not, when
the contract was about being reduced to writing,
demand an increase in the contract price, reeun-
iary considerations did not at that time e"sage
his attention. "Hismind, as Rear Adnlira1 Smith
in his letter to the Secretary of f^e Navy.wlaica
will be found on the seventh,
3 of the accompanmg memorial, well expresses
the idea, seemed to be wholly absorbed in his
vessel." His pride and seal were in her success,
and led him to# incur heavier expenses than his
contract would justify. He embarked his private
fortune in the enterprise, and has lost all he was
worth. The Government has had the benefit of his
expenditures, and he now seeks redress through
Congress. There is unquestionably much merit in
his application. ■
The career of the Keokuk, though brief, was emi-
nently successful and highly creditable. When
ready for service she was ordered from New York to
Charleston harbor, and arrived there some nineteen
hours in advance of the vessels sent as her convoy.
Though the convoy was driven to shelter by a severe
storm,the Keokuk continued her course andreaohed
Charleston in good order,and thus established her fit-
ness for sea service. She was regarded by the rebels
as the most formidable of the fleet at Charleston,
and participated in the heaviest of the engagement
then in progress. When in range,every battery was
directed against her. Out of the ninety-odd shot
whioh thundered against some portion of her surface
(many of them being at short range and of the
heaviest caliber) not one penetrated ber side armor
or her forward turret; two only penetrated herafter
turret, and eve'ry man who went into the conflict
under her iron-clad protection oame out of it alive.
But the service she was required to perform proved
more formidable than a vessel of her size could en-
dure, and she sunk at her anohorage the next day
after the battle. Favorable mention has been made
of her services by her commander in his report to
Admiral Du Pont, and she was justly regarded as
one of the most useful and handy vessels of the
Navy.
Mr. CRAGIN. I suggest that the Secre-
tary may omit reading the other part of the
report, which refers merely to prices thathave
been paid for other vessels.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The further
reading of the report will be dispensed with.
Mr. CRAGIN. I will state that in -the
House Of Representatives for three successive
Congresses this bill has been reported from
the Committee on Naval Affairs unanimously.
They have reported it at this session giving
him $60,000. He never was allowed any extra
pay. He does not claim anything for the in-
creased price of labor or materials. He
simply claims the cost of the iron that went
into the vessel and machinery over and above
the original size of the vessel as contracted
for.
Mr. LOGAN. If the chairman will allow
me I will offer an amendment, which I think
he will accept. I would not offer it if it were
not for the fact thatan amendment has already
been offered to the bill, and it will have to go
back to the House. It is to add at the end of
the bill " including all extra labor, material,
and all damages."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
question will be on the amendment of the
committee.
The amendment was agreed to 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Illinois.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish only to observe
that here is a large appropriation for the in-
creased cost of building a vessel under a ver-
bal contract. The contract must have been
in violation of law to commence with.
Mr. CRAGIN. I think the Senator is mis-
taken. The contract was afterward reduced
to writing, and reduced to writing in the form
of this enlargement, but the original contract
was made verbally for a vessel of a particular
size. Afterward the size was increased, but
the price was not increased. , ,
Mr. SHERMAN. Then it seems that this
party entered into a contract afterward with
full, knowledge of the change. Besides, the
increase in the value of iron did not occur
until a year after the vessel was built. So that
if the bill is passed, it ought not to be passed
on the pretense of any increase in the price
of iron. T . . ,,
Mr. CRAGIN. It is not. It is for the
actual price of the quantity of iron that he
put in on account of the extra size, lhat is
all the bill proposes to give him, and it does
not give him even that. By the estimates of
the engineers you will see that three hundred
thousand pounds of extra iron went into this
vessel.
Mr. PRATT. I desire to ask the chairman
of the com mittee why it was that this contractor
consented to the change in the plan of the
vessel, increasing the cost of it so much with-
out some safeguard for an increase of com-
pensation ?
Mr. CRAGIN. That was his fault. He
proposed this change himself, as he belieyed,
after the examination of his engineere, that it
was necessary to make the vessel a ^success.
The Department accepted his proposition, but
he did not say a word about extra compensa-,
tion. He was so anxious to complete the
vessel, and the Department was pressing him
with such force that he did not think to have
put in the contract any provision for compen-
sation for increased work, and this simply is to
pay him the additional money cost of the iron
that he was put to by this increased size of the
vessel.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-'
tion is,on the amendment moved by the Sen-
ator from Illinois.
The amendment was agreed to. ,
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, was read the third time,
and passed.
CHILDREN OP OTWAY H. BERRYMAN.
Mr. NYE. I now move to take up the bill
(S. No. 929) for the relief of the children of
Otway H. Berryman, deceased.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It directs the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury to allow and
pay to Mrs. Columbia N. Payne, Mrs. Alice
Jiromwell, Calvert O. Berryman, and William
M. Berryman, children of Otway H. Berry-
man, deceased, $2,160 02, being the amount
of losses sustained by him while commanding
and acting as purser of the United States
schooner Onkahye ; but it is not to exceed the
amount which a purser would have received
for performiug the same duties on board of the
vessel.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
PRIZE-MONEY OF SCHOONER ONKAHYE.
Mr. NYE. I now .move to take up Senate
bill No. 899, for the relief of the children of
the same man and some other parties.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 899) for the relief of
tlie children of O. H. Berryman, deceased,
and others. It directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Mrs. Columbia N. Payne,
Mrs. Alice Bromwell, Calvert O. Berryman,
and William M. Berryman, children of Otway
H. Berryman, deceased, and the other officers
and crew of the United States schooner Onka-
hye, $20,664 69, being the balance of the
prize money obtained by the capture of the
bark Laurens by the schooner in the year
1848; and this sum is to be distributed among
the officers and crew in such proportion as
shall be designated by the Secretary of the
Navy, according to the provisions of the sixth
section of the act of April 23, 1800, entitled
"An act for the government of the Navy of
the United States." •
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a,
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
GEORGE O. iSKSTOR.
Mr. NYE. I now move to take up Senate
bill No. 107. '
The motion was agreed to; ana the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 107) for the relief
of George C. Bestor. It proposes to direct
the payment of$125,000to George C. Bestor,
of Peoria, Illinois, in full satisfaction ot all
I his claim for compensation for extra work
