2474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
ator from Connecticut to give way? I do not
think this bill can be finished to-night; and I
wish to ask the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate to allow a vote to be taken on the coalbill.
They have been very kind to me to-day and
passed one bill for me.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will give way for
anything. I would have closed in a moment
more.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing question is on the motion to refer.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask for the
yeas and nays on the question of reference.
Mr. FENTON. It is getting late, and in
view of the services that are to take place in
the Hall of the House of Representatives this
evening, I think it is proper that we should
adjourn. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think we ought to go
into executive session. There are some mes-
sages from the President that ought to be
disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New York moves that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. FENTON. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Before the doors are
closed I wish to ask to be excused from serv-
ing on a committee of conference on some
post office bill that I understand my name is
connected with.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there
be no objection, the Senator will be excused.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business ; and after twelve min-
utes spent in executive session the doors wore
reopened, and (at five o'clock and ton min-
utes p. m.) tho Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 16, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
POSTAL CONTRACTS.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 ask unanimous
consent to take from the Speaker's table the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. l'J30) relating to proposals and contracts
for transportation of the mails, and for other
purposes, in order that there may be a com-
mittee of conference.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the amendments of the Senate will be taken
up-
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to non-
concur in the amendments of the Senate, and
ask for a committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
FORT KEARNEY MILITARY RESERVATION.
The SPEAKER. The chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs has called the
attention of the Chair to the fact that among
other bills referred to that committee the other
day was a bill (S. No. 545) to confirm the title
to certain lands on the Fort Kearney military
reservation in Fremont county, Iowa, which,
in his judgment, belongs to the Committee on
the Public Lands. If there be no objection,
the Committee on Military Affairs will be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
bill, and it will be referred to the Committee
on the Public Lauds.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
MORSE MEMORIAL SERVICES.
The SPEAKER. The Chair lays before
the House a report pf the committee appointed
to cooperate with the committee of arrange-
ments for the memorial services in honor of
the late Professor Morse.
The Clerk read as follows:
The committee appointed to cooperate with the
committee of arrangements for the memorial services
in honor of the late Professor Morse, to take place
in the Hail of the_ House of Representatives this
evening, desire to give notice:
I. No one will be admitted to the south wing of
the Capitol on that evening without a ticket of
admission.
II. Tickets will be issued for admission to the floor
of the Hall to the President, the Vice President, the
Cabinet, the Judges of the Supreme Court, Senators
and Representatives in Congress, the family and
early coadjutorsof Professor Morse, and other guests
specially invited.
The north entrance to the Hall will be closed.
Admission will be secured by the eastern and west-
ern doors.
III. The ladies' galleries will be reserved for
ladies invited by gentlemen entitled to admission to
the floor, to each of whom a ticket will be issued
admitting one lady.
IV. The diplomatic gallery will be reserved ex-
clusively for the diplomatic corps, and the report-
ers' gallery for reporters.
V. The northeastern and northwestern portions
of the north gallory will be reserved for ladies and
gentlemen accompanying tbem. •
ELLIS H. ROBERTS,
F. W. PALMER,
F. E. SHOJBER,
Committee.
Mr. BANKS. At the request of officers of
the House, I hope we will have an under-
standing to have as early an adjournment of
the House to-day as possible, in order that
they may make the proper arrangements for
the services which are to take place in this
Hall this evening. I would suggest that the
Speaker be authorized to adjourn the House
at half past three o'clock this afternoon.
Mr. DICKEY. Say three o'clock.
Mr. BANKS. They say that half past three
o'clock this afternoon will give them sufficient
time to make the proper arrangements. I ask
that at that hour the Speaker shall be author-
ized to adjourn the House.
Mr. HOAR. I object.
JUDICIARY COMMITTEE. *
Mr. BINGHAM. I am instructed by the
Judiciary Committee to ask unanimous con-
sent of the House that two days of next week
may be assigned to the Judiciary Committee
for making reports. I desire to state there
are many bills before that committee of pub-
lic interest on which the committee have
acted and are ready to make report, and the
business, a great deal of it, is of such import-
ance that, if it he the pleasure of the House
to act on it, should be passed upon some day
early next week. I suggest that Wednesday
and Thursday of next week be set apart for
that purpose.
Mr. DAWES. I must insist on the usual
exception in favor of the'Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. And the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. DAWES. I do not know it may be
necessary, but I should like to have that ex-
ception made. There may be no absolute
necessity, but I should not like the order to
pass without that exception being made.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 do not object to the
exception in the cases of those two commit-
tees.
Mr. SHANKS. I must object, unless the
Committee on Indian Affairs be also excepted.
Mr. BINGHAM. The business of that com-
mittee is in the morning hour, and I suggest
that two days of next week, Wednesday and
Thursday, be set apart for the business of the
Judiciary Committee after the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's motion
is that Wednesday and Thursday of next week
after two o' clock be set apart for reports from
the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. SHANKS. If it be after the morning
hour I do not object.
Mr. BINGHAM. Two o'clock is after the
morning hour.
Mr. BANKS. One day last week the morn-
ing hour did not commence until long after
two o'clock.
The SPEAKER. After the morning hour.
That will probably enforce the calling of the
morning hour promptly. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] now submits the propo-
sition that the two days of next week which
he has named, after the morning hour until
the hour of adjournment, shall be devoted to
the business of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
COMMITTEE ON INVALID PENSIONS.
Mr. MOORE. I ask unanimous consent
that there be a session of the House on Thurs-
day night to hear reports from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions. If that will not suit the
House, I will say Tuesday night of next week.
Mr. RANDALL. I would suggest to the
gentleman that he take both nights. Both
will be necessary for getting through with the
business of the committee.
Mr. MOORE. T make that request.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it will
be better for the gentleman to ask to have
both nights assigned in next week.
Mr." MOORE. Very well.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois asks that the House shall meet at half past
seven o'clock on the evenings of Tuesday and
Wednesday of next week for the purpose of
considering reports from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions. Is there objection?
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2822)
to reduce duties on imports and internal taxes,
and for other purposes; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. DAWES. I move, Mr. Speaker, that
this bill be printed, and that it be committed
to the Committee of the Whole, and made a
special order for Tuesday next, after the morn-
ing hour, and from day to day thereafter until
disposed of, to the exclusion of all other busi-
ness.
Mr. RANDALL. We have just assigned
two evenings of next week for the business of
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
The SPEAKER. The order asked by the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
will not interfere with that order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts will except busi-
ness of the Committee on Appropriations.
The SPEAKER. There can be no conflict
with the Committee on Appropriations. A
special order in Committee of the Whole does
of itself take precedence of all subsequent
orders. The Chair is under the impression,
although he has not consulted the Calendar,
that only two special orders in the Committee
of the Whole are nowpending, the West Point
appropriation bill and the fortification appro-
priation bill, which will probably take a very
short time. These will necessarily take prece-
dence, and then the bill reported by the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
will be considered to the exclusion of other
business.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. How will
this affect the consideration of the bill relating
to mints and coinage?
The SPEAKER. That bill is in the House,
and not in the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We expect
next week to report the sundry civil appropri-
ation bill. I hope that will not be excluded by
this order.
The SPEAKER. It necessarily would be,
because special orders are taken up in the
