630
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 29,
Ho. of Reps.
Pensions—Mr. Duett.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
peopled. It is a curious fact that in Lakes
Hurdn and Superior is found the salt-water
ghrimp in the deeper parts, and in quantities
equal to that in the ocean. This shrimp, which
itself is. exceedingly prolific, is the principal
food of the trafe salmons the salmo salar, and
is supposed to constitute the red color of the
flesh. But if it were requisite the cyprinidae
t could be cultivated or introduced, or some other
1 variety which lives solely on a vegetable diet,
but which of themselves are not good for food.
This will doubtless be dope as soon as it is
needed, and has already been successfully
tried ih Europe, so that should the present
supply of fish food give out it could be re-
plenished.
The fisheries of our coasts are among the
most valuable commercial interests of our
country. Millions of money are invested and
hundreds of thousands of men are employed,
while the food thus obtained is a large per-
centage of the total supply of the eastern mar-
kets. Not only ia the profit, of this business a
matter of general advantage, but the residents
along .the eastern bays and lagoons and upon
the larger rivers derive their principal means
of sustenance directly from these waters, and
in all these districts far more families are sup-
ported by tile water than by the land. In the
West there is nothing of this sort. The mar-
kets are almost bare of fish; a few catfish,
suckers, and pickerel constitute the wretched
and meager bill of fare t hey offer. The muddy
Mississippi contains little or nothing. The
beautiful Ohio has but one or two sorts of
pike-perch, which the inhabitants flatteringly
call salmon, while catfish hide in most, of the
discolored streamsofourcoritirientand suckers
expjore the bottom for their food.
If anything can be done to improve this
state of affairs, to make fish And fishermen as
'abundant in the West as they are in New
England, and to develop the same activity in
this matter that exists in the East, it is well
worth thfe Serious consideration of the Gov-
ernment. By this means a new industry, an
additional source of income, an entirely dif-
ferent species of food would be introduced,
and an immense increase added to the wealth
of the whole region of country. There is no
reason why the waters of the West should be
less prolific than those of the Kast, provided
the right, species were introduced; and were
trout, salmon, bass, shad, and sturgeon to
take the place of catfish, pickerel, and suck-
ers, the gain would be manifest.
It seems to me clearly to be the duty of the
Government to assist in this very work of
introducing new varieties, as well as replenish-
ing the old where they have been reduced.
No private person can own a shad which is
here to-day and in mid-ocean to-morrow,
nor is a single resident, on a river's bank suf-
ficiently interested to incur the expense of
importing fish for the benefit of his neighbors.
This is the nation's duty or it is nobody's.
The mighty rivers of the southern and western
States, which now produce generally only the
poorer sorts, could readily be stocked with the
most palatable and prolific sorts. The shad
has already been acclimatized in some of the
Alabama rivers, where it never before was
known, and the Potomac has been filled with
black bass almost to repletion ; but that was
the unaided effort of individuals as a mere
matter of experimental curiosity. Other riv-
ers remain still unimproved, and several foreign
species of fish should be introduced. For
instance, the magnificent Danube salmon,
which a'tains a weight of a hundred pounds,
might be acclimatized in the Ohio and the
upper Mississippi, while the true salmon might
be brought to the Delaware and Susquehanna.
This is perfectly simple and easy. Salmon
have been transported while in the embryo
State from England to Australia, half way
round the globe; our white-fish, trout, and
salmon-trout have been sent to England, and
living shad were actually transported from the
Atlantic to the Pacific, offering the possibility
of supplying that entire coast and ocean with
a new fist. This latter was a remarkable feat;
but trout spawn are sent from one end of our
country to the other with as little trouble or
danger as letters, and are delivered by express
precisely as any other packages. The slow-
hatching fish are the more easily handled in
this particular, as the eggs develop slowly and
will live perfectly well packed in damp moss,
but other kinds only require care and ex-
perience.
The cost of this undertaking is insignifi-
cantly moderate. A salmon-hatching house
can be built for $1,000 while the neces-
sary implements for shad raising are too in-
expensive to be worth mentioning. Some
labor must be employed, but it is mostly un-
skilled and cheap, while the outlay for trans-
portation is simply the mere charge of express
or traveling fare. The people of this country
would not grudge this were it a hundred times
as great with the certain prospect of develop-
ing a new food resource and of diminishing
the price of living to the poor.
The importance of this matter can hardly be
overestimated. We raise animals for man's
use, cross their breeds, study their food, and
try and adapt their surroundings to their great-
est development. We cultivate plants and
vegetables, and strive to obtain new species
and improved varieties. We import cattle
from Europe, horses from Africa, sheep from
Spain, wheat from Egypt, sorghum from Asia.
Our daily struggle is to make the most of what-
ever can be turned to the support of the human
race, except with one great class which has
always contributed, and, unless exterminated,
always witl contribute largely to that end.
Who would have thought twenty years ago
that a despised "love apple" could ever be
converted into the useful tomato? And in
earlier days who would have expected the
change from the poisouous wild potato into
th"e succulent root which now supports a na-
tion and adds to the comfort Of every human
being?
What, was done with the common tomatoes,
potatoes, onions, and hundreds of other vege-
table productions, which, as wild, were worth-
less, may in a higher degree be carried into
effect with fish. Wild rice scarcely produces
enough seed to continue the supply ; but pro-
tected, developed, encouraged, it feeds a tenth
part of the world. Pish neglected, destroyed,
poached and wasted, can soon be annihilated.
Their reproductive power ran only maintain a
certain equilibrium; incline that toward de-
struction, and the entire class will quickly dis-
appear. Treat them like wild animals, and
they will inevitably be exterminated ; domes-
ticate them, as it were, encourage their growth
by putting them under heathful influences, pro-
tect them from unseasonable disturbance, let
them breed in peace, guard the young from
injury, assist them by artificial aid, select the
best varieties for appropriate waters, and we
will soon angment the supply a-s greatly as we
do with either land animals or vegetables.
Pensions.
SPEECH OF HON. R. H. DUELL,
01? new york,
In the House of Bepresentatives,
May 29, 1872,
On the bill (S. No. 1073) increasing the rate of pen-
sions to certain Demons therein described.
Mr. DUELL. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
call the attention of the House to a bill of
great merit, sent to us' from the Senate, and
which I trust will become a law before the
adjournment of this session of Congress. The
biil to which I refer is entitled "An act
increasing the rates of pensions to certain
persons thereia described," and is in the fol-
lowing words :
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the act entitled "An act supple-
mentary to the several acts relating to pensions,"
approved June 6,1866, beso amended that from and
after the passage of this act all persons entitled by-
law to a less pension than hereinafter specified,
who, while in the military or naval service of the
United States and in line of duty, shall have lost
the sight of both eyes, or shall have lost both hands,
■or been permanently and totally disabled in the
same, or otherwise so permanently and totally dis-
abled as to render thein utterly helpless, or so
nearly so as to require the constat) t personal aid and
attendance of another person, shall be entitled to a
pension of forty dolfars per month; and all persons
who under like circumstances shall have lost both
feet, or one hand and one foot, or been totally and
permanently disabled in the same, or otherwise so
disabled as to be incapacitated for performing any
manual labor, but not so much as to require con-
stant personal aid and attendance, shall be entitled
to a pension of thirty dollars per month ; and all
persons who under like circumstances shall have
lost one hand, or one foot, or been totally and per-
manently disabled in the same, or otherwise so dis-
abled as to render their incapacity to pertorm man-
ual labor equivalent to the loss of a hand or a foot,
shall be entitled to a pension of twenty-five dollars
per month, the intent of this act being to increase
the rates of pension to the persons severally above
described twenty per cent, on the present rates
from and after the passage of this act.
Provision is made by this bill for a class of
surviving soldiers who are justly entitled to the
sympathy and gratitude of the people of the Uni-
ted States. We owe them a debt greater than
the means allotted to man can ever pay. But
a grateful people and a just and generous Gov-
ernment should be active in discharging as far
as possible its obligations and duties to those
who fought the battles for its perpetuation.
Such sacrifice and devotion as were exhibited
by the men who volunteered in the war for the
suppression of the rebellion should not go
wholly unrequited.
I am for increasing the pensions to the
maimed, crippled, and disabled soldiers enum-
erated in this bill as an act of justice, and in
the discharge of a binding and solemn obliga-
tion. I would as far as possible make them
comfortable for the balance of their days. What
is to become of many of our one-armed and
oi.e-legged soldiers ? Heaven forbid that they
should be compelled to beg, and yet some can-
not maintain themselves without resorting to
the tricks of beggars, and the degrading com-
petition to which such condition subjects them.
There is scarcely a street corner or a public
place of resort in your large cities which is
not beset with veterans ot the service, or at
least those who appear to be such—for doubt-
less some are impostors. The street cars and
ferry-boats are beset by this class of unfortu-
nates, "under various guises of industry, ask-
ing charity. And the cold rebuff they daily
receive from those who, not from unkindness,
but from being constantly and unpleasantly
annoyed in that direction, is not calculated to
make them more manly, or to induce them to
think more of the country in whose cause they
have suffered.
I am not complaining of the Government
because we are compelled to witness these
things. The nation has not forgotten these
men. Over thirty miilion dollars are annually
paid in pensions to wouuded and.diseased
soldiers, and to the parents, widows, and
childien of those who have died. Over two
hundred millions have been paid in bounties to
soldiers, their parents, widows, and orphans.
Preference has been given to soldiers under
the homestead laws, and more will yet be done.
The Government is making as fast as possible
most excellent provision for a portion of those
soldiers who from wounds or disease have
become incapacitated for labor. There are
homes or national asylums located at Au-
