3370
THE CONGKESSIOtf AL GLOBE.
May 13,
done, delays, and damages, and expenses
caused by such delays on the part of the Navy
Department in the completion of his contract
of 24th of June, 1863, for the construction of
an iron-clad steam battery.
Mr. ALCORN. I move to amend the bill,
with the consent of the Senator from Nevada,
by inserting the words "his heirs or legal
representatives."
Mr. NYE. Certainly; I intended to make
that motion, to insert the words '♦ his heirs or
legal representatives." The poor old man
died this morning.
The"PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Nevada proposes to amend the bill
by inserting the words " his heirs or legal
representatives," so that it will read, "that
there shall be paid to George C. Bestor, of
Peoria, Illinois, his heirs or legal representa-
tives."
Mr. LOGAN. I suggest a change in that
amendment, to say " to the legal representa
tives or heirs of George C. Bestor."
Mr. SCOTT. I suggest that there had
better be some certainty about this matter.
If you put. in the word '■ heirs,"' it may go to
the children and may go into wrong hands. I
know nothing about the circumstances of the
man or his estate, but it ought to go into the
hands of his legal representatives, his execu-
tors or administrators, so that if there be cred-
itors they may be paid. I think the words
"legal representatives" would be sufficient
without, "heirs."
Mr. LOGAN. "His heirs or legal repre-
sentatives" is the usual language of the law.
Of course it will go to the administration first,
anyhow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will bo considered as agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 should like to hear the
report read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Nvii from the Committee on
Naval Affairs on the 12th of February last:
This petitioner, on the 2lth day of Juno, 18(53,
entered into a contract with the Uovcrnmoiit,
through till) Navy Depart moot, lo construct one
iron-ciad steam battery, of iron nntl wood com-
bined, to bo completed in eight months from thodato
of the contract, and lie wad to bo paid therefor tbo
sum of $:ixii.t)0lh
In tho said contract it was agrocd—
"That tho parties of the second part shall havo
tho privilege of making alterations and additions to
tiio plans and specification*, ul, any (lino during tho
progress of the woilc, tin thoy may doom necessary
and piopcr; ami if said alteiations and additions
shall cause extra expense to tho parties of tho tirst
part, thoy wilt pay tor tho same at tair and reason-
able rules; and should such changes ciiu.sc loss work
and expense to the parties of tho tirst part, n corre-
sponding reduction to ho made fioin tho contract
nrieo, mid in oach ease the cost of tho alt erations to
be determined wlicli tho changes are directed to bo
made."
It appears in ovidenco that immediately after this
petitioner had commenced the building of tho bat-
tery, tho .Navy Department began to make alter-
ations in_ and additions to tho original plans and
specifications upon winch the contract was founded,
and continued such alterations till October 111, IHtio.
These changes in tho plans proposed and required
by the Navy Department to bo executed by tho
petitioner were uuito numeious, and tho local in-
spector. David D. Wells, states that "the general
plan was not altered, but the details were, through-
out the vessel;" and Mr. Atban 0. Sttiners, who was
then chief engineer in the Navy, says;
"Acts, therefore, which I perfoimed, which af-
fected Mr. Bestor and affect his ease, were to direct
him to make a different vessel from the one he con-
tracted to do."
The effect of these alterations and additions was
to delay tho completion of the battery till Novem-
ber, 3805. The water of the Mississippi being then
po low, (ho draught of the vessel having been in-
creased some two feet by tho said alteiations and
additions, above what was originally intended, the
contractor was obliged to keen tho same on his
bands till the rise ot water in the following spring,
and could not deliver tho vessel at Cairo, tho ap-
pointed place, till March, 18(30, when the same was
inspected and acccpted, some two years beyond the
time fixed lor the dcliveiy in the contract.
'lhis delay was 111 no part tho fault of tho con-
tractor. and Chief' Engineer ri tuner says:
"In my opinion, if the contractor had known that
he was to have completed his vessel in accordance
with tho contract and specifications without any
changes whatever, he could have had it done before
the expiration ot his contract, and I have no reason
to suppose that he would not have had itdono."
There seems to be no question but the work was
well done, and the materials satisfactory, as the
local inspector, Wells, says, "The quality of the
material and workmanship was first class, as I had
been instructed to pass nono other;" and that ho
" examined the work according to tho specifications
and contract."
The petitioner claims $171,762 50 as justly due him
in consequence of changes, delays, rise in materials
and labor after .the time when the battery would
have been completed under his contract, and indi-
rect damages resulting therefrom, to which he was
necessarily subjected by the action of the Govern-
ment.
In the examination of tho schedule of such losses
and damages as tho petitioner claims to havo sus-
tained, the committee are not prepared, on the evi-
dence furnished, to recommend the payment of the
entire claim, but cannot avoid the conclusion that
ttiia contractor has suffered severely from causes
herein stated.
They havo accordingly agreed upon the sum ot
$125,000 as tho amount which this petitioner may
justly ask from Congress, and they therefore report
the accompanying bill and recommend its passage,
provided it shall be in full satisfaction of all claims
and demands on this contract.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask the committee
why this claim lias not been sent to the Court
of Claims like other claims of a similar char-
acter ?
Mr. NYE. It has never been proposed to
send this claim there, and the committee have
recommended the passage of a bill for its
payment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know there is a gen-
tleman in Cincinnati who built one of these
steam vessels and has been waiting here for
years 
Mr. HAMLIN. And this man has waited
here until he has died.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know : but the case to
which 1 refer was finally sent to the Court, of
Claims. Now 1 want to know why this claim
is not sent to that court also ?
Mr. NYE. For the reason that the vessel
was not accepted until 18GG. We kept it on
his hands for two years.
Mr. SHERMAN. That makes it no worse
than oilier cases.
Mr. NYE. The committee thought it was
one of that class of cases which should be con-
sidered by Congress—a case entirely different
from those sent, to the Court of Claims. There
is an immense package of papers on the sub-
ject which have been thoroughly examined
during the past two or three years.
Mr. LOGAN. This same bill has passed
both Houses at different times.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed ;
and its title was amended so as to read : A bill
for tho relief of the heirs or legal represent-
atives of George C. Bestor.
DAlll.OllKN GUN PATTERNS.
Mr. STOCKTON. I should lHte to call up
Senate bill No. 105!).
'The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is it re-
ported by the Committee on Naval Affairs?
Mr STOCKTON. Yes, sir. I move to
take it up.
'The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. HI.')'.)) authorizing a settlement of the
claim of the estate of the late Rear Admiral
•lohn A. Dahlgren was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill proposes to refer the claim of Made-
lene Vinton Dahlgren, widow of the late Rear
Admiral John A. Dahlgren, and administra-
trix of his estate, to the Court of Claims,
which is vested with jurisdiction, and whose
duty it is to bo to hear and determine; first,
whether Admiral Dahlgren was the original
inventor ot' the Dahlgren gun and rifled pro-
jectiles, or either of them, as described in his
several patents; secondly, what amount of
compensation, if any, is his estate justly en-
titled to receive for the use of his inventions
and patents as claimed, up to the time of ad-
judication, for a full and entire transfer of his
several patents to the United States. In de-
termining the amount of compensation to be
paid the estate for the use and transfer of the
Dahlgren guns and rifled projectiles, the court
is, in connection with the evidence in the ease,
to take into consideration the facts if proved,
that, while Dahlgren was engaged in perfect-
ing the inventions for which the patents were
granted, he was in the service of the United
States as an officer of the Navy, and that
while holding such cfficein theNavy, his time,
services, and skill were due to the United'
States, and that theexpense of making experi-
ments, trials, and tests for the purpose of per-
fecting such inventions was paid by the United
States. Either party may appeal to the Su-
preme Court of the United States upon any
such question where appeals now lie in other
cases arising during the progiess of the hear-
ing of the claim, and from any judgment in
the case at any time within ninety days after
the rendition thereof; and any judgment ren-
dered in favor of the claimant is to be paid
in the same manner as other judgments of the
Court of Claims, and the payment of such
judgment is to vest the full and absolute right
to the patents, and each of them, in the United
States.
Mr. LOGAN. I did not hear the reading of
the bill. What is it for? An appropriation ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
again reported.
Mr. STOCKTON. Perhaps I can explain
it in less time.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well.
Mr. STOCKTON. I think this bill, if it
had been drawn for the very purpose of meet-
ing the objection that the Senator from Illi-
nois made to a case of a somewhat similar
character that came up this evening, could
not have been drawn more perfectly.
Rear Admiral Dahlgren, as every one
knows, made very important inventions in
artillery and obtained valuable patents for
many of those inventions. The United States
not only used these guns, but they are the
only guns in use in the Navy at the present time,
and these guns have absolutely been sent
to Japan, and my friend, the Senator from
Pennsylvania, showed me to-day a letter from
Iwakura, alluding to the fact of the receipt of
these guns. 'They have been sent all over
tho world.
Mrs. Dahlgren simply asks that the Court
of Claims shall say what her husband's estate
is entitled to, and to that request of hers the
committee has added that the Court of Claims
shall take into consideration the fact that he
was an officer of the United States Navy, that
his time and services and skill were due to the
Navy at the time, that the means by which he
tried his experiments were at the expense of
the Government, and shall award any sum
which after that consideration may be due to
Mrs. Dahlgren.
In addition to that the objection that the
Senator from Illinois made to the last bill is
met directly. We are not to get tho use of
these patents merely, but the absolute patent
for all these inventions is to be handed over to
the United States. These patents were all
before the committee, and all the papers. T
may state that a bill I think was brought up
in the House, appropriating a considerable
sum, and I do not know but that it passed the
House. If any Senator knows I should be
glad if he would tell me. But it was in the
course of passage when it occurred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs here, the, matter
being before us, that this was the most proper
l course tor it to take.
Now, in reference to inventions made by
persons in the employ of the Government, it has
seemed to me th,at the proper and just course
is this; the fact that they are in the employ
of the Government and that their time and skill
are due to us should be taken into considera-
tion, and they have no right to make the same
claims that outside people might make. But
then it must be remembered that if we want
to encourage their ingenuity and their ability
in making inventions, and making inventions
