682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
SLUMAN S. BAILEY.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 1288) for the relief of Sluman
S. Bailey, collector of internal revenue for
the fourth district of Michigan; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
MIDDLE ISLAND, SAGINAW RIVER.
Mr. SUTHERLAND introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1289) to authorize the sale of Middle
Ground, or Island, in the Saginaw river, in the
State of Michigan ; which was read a first and
second time,"and referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands.
INTER-STATE TRADE AND COMMERCE.
Mr. CONNER introduced a bill (H. K. No.
1290) to regulate trade and commerce between
the several States and Territories of the Uni-
ted States; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
W. A. SAYLOR.
Mr. CLARKE, of Texas, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1291) to indemnify W. A. Saylor, of
Texas, for internal revenue taxes illegally
assessed and collected during the years 1867
and 18G8; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
INDIAN RESERVATIONS IN TEXAS.
Mr. CLARKE, of Texas, also introduced a
joint resolution (H. R. No. 90) providing for
the cession by the State of Texas of certain
territory in that State to the United States
for Indian reservations and other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
PAYMENTS J!V UMITUO STATUS OFFICERS.
Mr. IIERNDON introduced a joint resolu
tion (II. R. No. 91) amendatory of the joint
resolution prohibiting payments by any otlicer
of the Government' to any person not known
to have been opposed to the rebellion, and i'n
favor of its suppression, approved March 2,
1867 ; which was read a first, and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to bo printed.
DAKOTA RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. OKU introduced a bill (II. 11. No. 1292)
granting the right of way to the Dakota South-
ern Railway Company ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
MGIIT-UOUSE ON LAKE WINNEBAGO.
Mr. ELDR1DGE introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1203) making an appropriation for the
construction of a light-house at the mouth of
the Fond du Lae river, on Lake Winnebago, in
the State of Wisconsin ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
HARBOR OF SAN FRANCISCO
Mr. HOUGHTON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1294) making an appropriation for the
improvement of the harbor at San Francisco ;
which was lead a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
REPORTER OF THE UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. HOUGHTON also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1295) relating to a short-hand
reporter of the United States courts in the
State of California; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
LAND TITLES IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. SARGENT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1296) t,o amend an act to quiet land titles in
the State of California; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES, ETC.
Mr. SLATER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1297) amendatory of an act donating public
lands to the several States and Territories
which may provide colleges for the benefit of
agriculture and mechanic arts, passed July 2,
1862, and acts amendatory thereto; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
HEIRS OF ELI MOORE.
Mr. LOWE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1298) for the relief of the heirs of Eli Moore;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
LIEUTENANT JOHN F. WOTRING.
Mr. McGREW introduced a bill (PI. R. No.
1299) for the relief of Lieutenant John F.
Wotring, a resident of the State of Michigan ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
WILLIAM B. WILSON.
Mr. KENDALL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1300) for the relief of William B. Wilson,
for extra services in carrying the United States
mails ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
II. P. DKNMAN.
Mr. TAFFE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1301) for the relief of H. P. Denman, late
superintendent of Indian affairs; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
UTAH SOUTHERN RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1302) granting the right of way
through the public lands to the Utah South-
ern Railroad Company; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be
printed.
USELESS MILITARY RESERVATIONS.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1303) to amend the
first section of an act entitled "An act to pro-
vide for the distribution of useless military
reservations;" whieh was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, aud ordered to be printed.
MONTANA.
Mr. CHAFFEE introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 130!) amendatory of an act approved
March 2, 1867, entitled " An act amendatory
of an act to provide a territorial government
for the Territory of Montana, approved May
26, 1864;" which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Terri-
tories, and ordered to be printed.
NEW TERRITORY ORGANIZED FROM DAKOTA.
Mr. ARMSTRONG presented a memorial
of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory
of Dakota, asking for the organization of a
new Territory out of the northern portion of
Dakota; which was referred to the Committee
on the Territories, and ordered to be printed.
ASSAY OFFICE IN IDAHO.
Mr. MERRITT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1305) supplemental to an act to establish
an assay office in the Territory of Idaho, ap-
proved February 19, 1869; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Coinage, Weights, and Measures, and
ordered to be printed.
TERRITORIAL COURTS.
Mr. CLAGETT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1306) to more clearly define the nature
of certain courts in the several Territories, and ,
for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
ASSAY OFFICE IN MONTANA.
Mr. CLAGETT also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1307) to locate and establish an assay
office in the Territory of Montana; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Mines and Mining, and ordered
to be printed.
COLUMBIAN COLLEGE.
Mr. CHIPMAN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1308) to amend the act incorporating
Columbian College; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
EQUITY PROCEEDINGS IN THE DISTRICT,
Mr. CHIPMAN also introduced a bill (H.
R, No. 1309) for the regulation of equity pro-
ceedings in the District of Columbia ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
GEORGE W. STURDEVANT.
Mr. HAZLETON, of Wisconsin, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1310) for the relief of George W. Sturdevant;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
AMERICAN INDUSTRIAL LEAGUE.
Mr. WALDRON, by unanimous consent,
presented the following memorial of the Amer-
ican Industrial League; which was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed in the Globe :
To the Senate avd House of Representatives of the Uni-
ted States in Congress assembled :
Tho president and executive officers of the Amer-
ican League, representing the interests of American
producers, respectfully petition that such discrim-
inating duties bo levied on alf imported manufac-
tures as will render substantial protection to the
labor of our hands.
The peoplo who own the country are rightfully
entitled to perform tho mechanical and other work
requiredto supply the national demand for labor; and
as American citizens wo claim the exclusive right to
the home markets of tho country.
If foreigners want access to our better markets,
and on an equality with ourselves, let them emigrate
to tho United States with their capital and machinery,
and pay not only our higher wages, but the taxes to
support our schools and other institutions as wo
have always done.
The home-market sustains our industries, and it
is the mainspring of our prosperity. But if the mar-
ket for the salo of the products of our labor tails, the
work stops, and the employer and employe go out
of the factory together. If, therefore, to please for-
eigners, wo throw down tho barriers of protection
and permit our home markets to be supplied with
the manufactures and productions of other coun-
tries, wo destroy ourselves and sink to the level of
slaves and paupers.
It appears to us plain that the free-trade scheme
nowurged before Congress isnothingless than a plot
to crowd out American workingmon from our home
markets and rob them of a large share of their labor.
We call your attention to the fact that every day's
work of imported manufactures whieh competeswith
our domesticindustriespracticallyrobs ourmochan-
ics and workingmon of just that amount of labor ;
and experience shows that, tho moro we have to
do the greater the demands for labor, and conse-
quently the more we prosper and improve our
condition.
We ask, therefore, at the hands of our Represent-
atives such legislation with reference to the tariff as
will secure to us, so fur as possible, the complete
monopoly of the labor of the country.
The benefits growing out of such legislation would
fall upon the toiling millions, and all have the right
to labor. Moreover, we think the mechanics and
workingmen of the United States have n. reasonable
claim to such fostering legislation as will stimulate
domestic industry and augment tho labor of tho
nation, for labor is the only sourco of wealth to
nations as well as individuals.
We have seen printed petitions sent out by the
iree Trade League in favor of heavy duties on tea
and colfee, but for free trade in tho manufactures
produced by the labor of England and other foreign
countries; but-we think these petitions aro not enti-
tled to much weight, as it is^ a notorious tact that
tne League is operated by alien employes, and sus-
tained chiefly by British subscriptions, a featuro
sufficient at least to suggest the inquiry whether
such mission work is carriod on for the prosperity
and gain of England, or for charity fend kindness to
the people of tho United States.
In conclusion, wc refer to the fact that nineteen
twentieths of tho votirig population of tho country
depend on labor for maintenance and happiness.
Yv e therefore claim all the mechanical and maohia-
