1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
which in nine oases out of ten are of no earthly
value to them or to anybody but the United
States, which they sell to nobody else unless
they sell to a foreign Government, which we
would not like to permit, we must give them
. some reward and encouragement.
There was a case before us, I remember, at
the last session of a man who invented a lift,
a hydraulic pump, which raised the turret of a
monitor. The invention to our Navy, so far
as monitors were concerned, was invaluable.
Jt took the place of fifty men. With one sin-
gle hand that man could pump a turret right
up in two or three minutes where fifty men
would be employed with a battering-ram to
force_ it up by the old process, and in nine
cases out of ten would not get it up then, for
it would be clogged in trying to get it up.
You rewarded that man. You gave him at
the last session a handsome compensation—r
forget the exact amount—for that invention,
and he was in the service of the Government.
The just and proper principle, in my judg-
ment, as I said before, is not to pay a man
who is in our employ as we would a stranger
who brought a patent to us and we adopted it,
hut to take the fact of his employment by us
into consideration and yet in some way to en-
courage ingenuity fn making these inventions.
I do not know myself but that the whole pat-
ent system is wrong. In the latter years of
my professional life I have been inclined to
think that patents are a* great nuisance. I
read with a great deal of interest a short time
ago a little book published by Longman, in
which the debates that have taken place on
this subject on the continent are collected to-
gether and my judgment is rather against pat-
ents anyhow ; but while we do grant patents,
while we retain the system, it is our duty to
encourage the ingenuity of our own mechanics.
We certainly ought not to deprive ourselves
entirely of-the services and the ingenuity of
our own men, the only men in the United
States who have their attention directed to
-these minutiae, who stand day after day and
look at the trouble, the toil, and the labor that
are being expended, and weary their brains
with thinking how they can manage to do it
easier and better and save money to the Gov-
ernment, and when they have perfected an
invention of that sort, they certainly ought
to be encouraged in some way.
I think every difficulty that the Senator
from Illinois made to the other bill is obviated
in this. Can there be any better way to fix
the sum that Mrs. Dahlgren or Admiral Dahl-
gren's estate ought to be entitled to from this
Government'? What that sum should be I
think would puzzle almost anybody to determ-
ine. If you gave the estate a royalty on the
guns hereafter to be made, it would be a mag-
nificent fortune, as far as we can see, unless
some new improvement is made, for there is
no other gun, as I understand it, in use in the
Navy. The main point of his principal in-
vention was, as I understand it, to strengthen
the gun at the point where the greatest strain
comes upon it, to leave it lighter in weight
than other guns, and strengthen it where the
wain strain comes on. and it has been adopted
everywhere. Now, if Admiral Dahlgren's
estate is entitled to compensation, as we can-
not settle the matter, as it is utterly impossi-
ble for the committee to fix the sum, we have
no way of estimating it, I can see no earthly
means of adjudicating this matter better than
by referring it to the Court of Claims, and that
is all that this bill does. It refers the case to
the Court of Claims, telling the Court of Claims
at the same time, which they probably would
have considered without its being in the bill,
but it is put in the bill to avoid all mistake,
that they must take into consideration the
fact of his position in the Navy, that the ex-
periments were made at the expense of the
Government, and all other matters of that
character. If we cannot trust the Court of
Claims in a matter of this sort, I do not see
where we can intrust so delicate an exercise
of power.
Mr. LOGAN. Inasmuch as the Senator
from New Jersey referred to me, I will state
to the Senate, if they give me their attention,
the reasons that will actuate me at least in my
vote.
I am very certain thatl have as much sympa-
thy for the widow of an officer decased, or the
widow of a person who has not been an officer,
as any one in the Senate ; but if our sympa-
thies are to carry us beyond a principle that
ought to be laid down in this Government for
its guidance in matters of this kind, there is
no telling where we shall end. This proposi-
tion, as I understand it, is to refer this ques-
tion to the Court of Claims, for what? The
mere reference of it to the Court of Claims to
adjudicate upon the amount to be allowed, is
an admission by the Government that we owe
something, and that we refer it to them for the
purpose of ascertaining the amount. We are
thereby establishing the principle that the use
of every invention used by the Government of
the United States shall be paid for.
Now, let us see what hardship there is in
this case. Admiral Dahlgren was a gallant
officer, a gentleman beyond all question, a
man that our country honored ; but the fact
that he was a gallant man and that we honored
him is not sufficient to cause us to deviate
from that rule by which we ought to be gov-
erned. I do not know whether Mrs. Dahlgren
receives a pension or not. I presume, how-
ever, she does.
Mr. STOCKTON. No, sir; she does not
receive any ; and I will say, while I am on my
feet, that at the commencement of the Sen-
ator's obs'ervations he intimated that I was
governed by sympathy, for he said that on ac-
count of sympathy to the family of a deceased
officer we should not deviate from principle.
I made no appeal to any sympathy for Mrs.
Dahlgren at all; I simply advocated a bill
which I considered just.
Mr. LOGAN. I said nothing of that kind
as to the Senator. Let us see as to the justice
of it. I will show that injustice will arise
from this very thing.
Admiral Dahlgren belonged to the Navy of
the United States. Where an invention is
made of a gun by an officer of the Army, if
that invention is considered worthy of a test,
it is tested by the Government at the Govern-
ment expense. There is no expense to the
invSntors attending the testing of inventions
made by persons belonging to the service of
the Government of the United States; it is
done at the Government expense. They are
employed in advancing the interest of the Gov-
ernment, it is true, by inventing a better gun.
This gun is a good gun, it is true. I have
used myself the Dahlgren gun or had it used
under me by my men at Vicksburg. I know
the value of the gun, and I could state to
the Senator why it is valuable. But the
fact that we use it in the Navy and use it
to-day in earth-works in the Army, does not
justify us in paying an amount of money if
that payment is in violation of a principle that
the Government ought to establish. Now,
what is that? That where persons in the em-
ploy of the Government officially, drawing a
salary, performing no duty whatever at the
time they are perfecting this invention, except
in connection with the Government service,
devote their time to the purpose of bringing
out an invention, it ought to be the invention
of the Goversment and the property of the
Government. The Government ought not only
to have the use of it, but it ought to be its
property. Officers are not put in the Army
or in the Navy merely to make inventions and
then have the Government pay them in excess
of their salary for that purpose.
Mr. STOCKTON. Will the Senator permit
me to ask him a question ?
Mr, LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. S l'OOKTON. Why then does the Uni-
ted States at that very time grant him a patent
for his invention, securing to him the exclusive
right to use it ?
Mr. LOGAN. Because the Government of
the United States grants a patent to every
inventor. , : .
Mr. STOCKTON. Why should it not be
a cause of caveat that the invention was the
invention of a man in the servient of the Gov-
ernment and Only useful to the Government?
Mr. LOGAN. I maintain the correct doc-
trine to be that the Government of the United
States should never pay for the use of a patent
invented by one of its own citizens, and in my
judgment that is the correct, principle. Where
the Government grants a patent for a principle
or an invention, the protection the. Govern-
ment gives the inventor by defend ing him
against any infringment from anybody else,
by allowing him to be the only one who can
use the invention, should secure to the Gov-
ernment the use of the invention for its own
purposes. Thatis,in my judgment, thecorrect
principle.
Mr. STOCKTON. If I understand, the
Government, then, could go into the sewing-
machine business.
Mr. LOGAN. If the Government is en-
gaged in sewing it should use the sewing-ma-
chine, but it is not engaged in that business.
1 say where the Government uses the article
patented for its purposes, it ought to have a
right to do so. The purpose of the Govern-
ment are not to enter into making shirts and
trowsers for Senators or anybody else; but
when the Government is engaged in war, it is
a part of the purpose of the Government to
use implements of war, aud it should be free
to use all warlike inventions without any im-
pediment whatever, and without any payment
therefor. ••
If the Government protects individuals, the
Government itself ought to derive some benefit.
The Government in the protection of its citi-
zen, and the citizen in being protected, should
derive mutual benefit. The Government is
entitled to receive support from ihe citizen in
all times of trial and of danger. In reference
to matters of this kind, I say to the Senate to-
night, that if you pay n royalty on the inven-
tion of Admiral Dahlgren, you will pay a roy-
alty on every gun that the United States has
ever used. How much will you pay the heirs
of Itodman for the invention of the Hodman
gun, a gun almost universally in use to-day?
Hodman died but a few months ago, down at
the liock Island arsenal, an officer of the Army
of high rank, drawing a large salary. How
much royalty will you pay him for his inven-
tion? How much royalty will you pay Gen-
eral Dyer for the invention of the Dyer shell
used during the war? How much will you
pay the heirs of Parrott for the Parrott gun?
How much the heirs of General James foi-
the James rifles used in the beginning of the
war? You will go on and you will pay mil-
lions of dollars by establishing a precedent,
that has never been established in the Gov-
ernment before. It never was thought of till
recently. It has never been pretended by the
officers of the Army or the Havy until very
recently that they should ever acquire one cent
for an invention brought about by them during
their service, while they were drawing a salary
from the Government. I stated awhile ago
that they required the mechanics while work-
ing in their shops to transfer the use of their
inventions to the Government for a nominal
sum. That has been the practice of the Gov-
ernment. Why? Because of the principle I
have stated that the Government was entitled
to the use of such patents as they gave protec-
tion to, especially those that are produced by
men in the employment of the Government.
What is an Army officer employed for? He
is employed to drill troops, be is employed to
