1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1579
biitdoe across ohio river.
Mr. McHENRY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1893) authorizing the erection of a bridge
over the Ohio river at the city of Henderson,
Kentucky ; which was read a first and second
lime, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
relief of army officers.
Mr. ADAMS introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 112) to construe a joint resolu-
tion for the relief of certain officers of the
Army, approved July 26, 1866; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
income tax.
Mr. RICE, of Kentucky, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1894) to provide for the collection
of a tax on incomes in excess of $2,000;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. GARRETT introduced a bill (EI. R.
No. 1895) to amend section two of an act
entitled "An act making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending
June 30, 1872," passed March 3,1871; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
mrs. clara ida grass.
Mr. GARRETT also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1896) authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay, out of any money not other-
wise appropriated, to Mrs. Clara Ida Grass, of
Nashville, Tennessee, the sum of $1,850, as full
compensation for property taken and destroyed
by the Army of the United States during the
war of the late rebellion; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
strawberry plains high school.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, introduced a
bi!! (H. R. No. 1897) for the relief of Straw-
berry Plains High School, of East Tennessee ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
indiana agricultural college.
Mr. COBURN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1898) to extend the time for providing a col-
lege under an act entitled "An act donating
public lands to the several States aud Terri-
tories which may provide colleges for the ben-
efit of agriculture and the mechanic arts,"
approved July 2, 1862, in the State of Indiana,
to March 1, 1873 ; which was read a first arid
second time, referred to the Committee on
Agriculture, and ordered to be printed.
w. t. bowers.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1899) for the relief of W. T.
Bowers; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Claims,
and, with the accompanying papers, ordered
to be printed.
william h. ii. anderson.
Mr. VOORHEES introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1900) granting a pension to William H.
H. Anderson, late a private in company B,
first heavy artillery volunteers, of Indiana;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions, and,
with the accompanying papers, ordered to be
printed.
a. e. cowles.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1901) for the relief of A. E. Cowles;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
david sergeant.
Mr. STOUGHTON introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1902) for the relief ofDavid Sergeant;
which was read afirstandsecond time, referred
to the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
telegraphic and postal service.
Mr. PALMER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1903) to connect the telegraph with the postal
service, and to reduce the rates of correspond-
ence by telegraph ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
c. s. mooers.
Mr. PALMER also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1904) granting a pension to C. S. Mooers,
of Des Moines, Polk county, Iowa; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered
to be printed.
m'gregor and missouri river railroad.
Mr. DONNAN, by request, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1905) to giant the right of way
through the public lands and other aid to the
McGregor and Missouri River Railroad Com-
pany ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
la crosse a port of delivery.
Mr. RUSK presented the memorial of the
Legislature of the State of Wisconsin, praying
for the establishment of a port of delivery at
La Crosse, in the State of Wisconsin ; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
harbor in menomonee river.
Mr. SAWYER presented the memorial of
the Legislature of the State of Wisconsin, ask-
ing an appropriation for a harbor at the mouth
jof the Menomonee river, between the States of
Wisconsin and Michigan ; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
queen bay and superior railway.
Mr. SAWYER also presented the memorial
of the Legislature of the State of Wisconsin,
asking for a grant of land to aid in the con-
struction of the Green Bay and Superior rail-
way; which was referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
repeal of bankrupt laws.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin, presented
a memorial of the Legislature of the State of
Wisconsin, praying for the repeal of the bank-
rupt law : which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Revision of the Laws of the United
States, and ordered to be printed.
farm mortgagers.
Mr. ELDREDGE presented a joint resolu-
tion of the General Assembly of the State of
Wisconsin, instructing the Senators and re-
questing the Representatives from that State in
Congress to use their best endeavors to secure
a grant of land for the benefit of farm mort-
gagers; which was referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
niagara ship-canal,
Mr. ELDREDGE also presented a memo-
rial of the General Assembly of the State of
Wisconsin, relating to a ship-canal around
Niagara falls; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
homesteads.
Mr. ELDREDGE also presented a joint
resolution of the General Assembly of the
State of Wisconsin, for a homestead law for
officers, soldiers, and seamen of the Ariny
and Navy of the United States; which was
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
milwaukee harbor.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I expected my colleague
from the Milwaukee district [Mr. Mitchell]
to present a memorial of the General Assem-
bly of the State of Wisconsin, asking Con-
gress to refund to the city of Milwaukee cer-
tain moneys advanced for the construction of
the straight-cut harbor at Milwaukee. As he
has been detained from the House I will pre-
sent it for him, and ask that it be referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
ARKANSAS AND ROCKY MOUNTAIN RAILROAD.
Mr. HOUGHTON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1906) to incorporate the Arkansas Valley
and Rocky Mountain Railroad Company, and to
grant the right of way through the public lands
to the same; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
san diego, california.
Mr. HOUGHTON also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1907) to make San Diego, in the
State of California, a port of entry ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, ana ordered to
be printed.
chinese immigration.
Mr. HOUGHTON also presented joint res-
olutions of the Legislature of the State of Cal-
ifornia, instructing the Senators and request-
ing the Representatives of that State in Con-
gress, to urge upon the Federal Government
the adoption of such treaty regulations and
legislation as shall discourage further immi-
gration of Chinese into the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
mail routes in california.
Mr. COG HLAN presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of California, asking for the
establishment of a mail route from Red Bluff
to Yreka, California; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COGHLAN also presented a joint reso-
lution of the Legislature of California, asking
for the establishment of a mail route from.
Red Bluff to Shasta City, California; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
hastings and dakota railroad.
Mr. DUNNELL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1908) to grant the right of way through
the public lands and other aid to the Hast-
ings and Dakota Railroad Company; which
was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
army promotions.
Mr. DUNNELL also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1909) to repeal section six of an act
entitled "An act making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending
June 30, 1870," approved March 3, 1870;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
tualatin valley, etc., railway.
Mr. SLATER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1910) granting the right of way for a railway
from Tualatin valley to Tilamook bay, Ore-
gon ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
capitol buildings for colorado.
Mr. CHAFFEE presented a joint memorial
of the Legislative Assembly of Colorado Ter-
ritory, in relation to capitol buildings in said
Territory; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Territories, and ordered to be
printed.
wagon-koad in colorado.
Mr. CHAFFEE also presented a joint
memorial of the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of Colorado, for the construction of
