8372
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13, 1
educate them in discipline and in drill, to
march them to the field ; to invade the country
of the enemy; to defend his own country; to
ascertain the best arm and the best manner of
use ofthat arm. And everything that ad vances
the interests of the Government in the mode
of warfare, is the duty of an officer of the
Army. If a musket is rusty, you burnish it;
why ? To prepare it for use. If you can make
the musket better than it was before, it is your
duty as an officer of the Army to do it. If
you see how you can improve that gun by
inventing a different breech, or a rifle, or any-
thing else in connection with it, it is your duty
to do it in the interest of your Government, if
you are receiving its money as an officer of the
Army. It is a part of the officer's duty, and
it has always been considered so. No man
ever thought of being paid a royalty for an
invention, while he was an officer of the Army
or Navy, until recently.
Why, here is an old gentleman, without
mentioning his name, who has served the
Government for forty years, who invented a
gun years ago, one that I consider a good gun,
too, a rifle for the use of infantry or for cav-
alry, by changing it to a carbine. He has a
patent on it. A board of officers a few years
ago were ordered to report on the best arm
for the use of the troops, and they did report.
They reported lour or five different gnus as
the best patterns and required a trial of these
different guns. The Government was to make
five hundred of each ; they were to be tried in
the hands of troops to see which was the best
gun, so that, the Government could adopt which-
ever gun proved to be the best. But all hough
that was the report of this board, they never
have been tried Nave one. This old officer
has been put off time and time again. Why?
I will not say why; and yet he has, in my
judgment, one of the best guns that have
ever been invented for the use of infantry,
lie aHks no royalty from the Government;
he expects none. IIin profit he expects to
derive by the Government adopting his gun,
and then having it made. Men have always
done ho, and never expected any royalty ;
never thought of anything of the kind; but
if you commence giving royalty on guns in-
vented by men in the Army or Navy, what
will be the result? No man's gun would ever
be adopted unless he belonged to the Army
or Navy.
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator from Illinois
allow me to ask a question?
Mr, LOGAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. NYU. Does he not think there is a
distinction between a man who invents heavy
ordnance and a man who invents a musket?
The musket passes into the hands of every
one; but this heavy ordnance never,goes into
anybody's hands but the Government's hands.
In that case nobody would derive any benefit
from it save the Government itself.
Mr. LOGAN. The Senator is certainly
very much mistaken. The difference is not, as
he states it. He says the musket is used by
everybody, but the heavy ordnance only goes
into the hands of the Government. Does be
mean of our own Government? If so, be is
very mucli mistaken. The man that invents
a guu makes it for all Governments that will
buy it.
Mr. NYE. That is the very tiling I ask the
honorable Senator. lie makes it for all
Goxermnents; but is it wise to let it pass into
the hands of other Governments?
Mr. LOGAN. How will you help it?
Mr. NYE. Help it by our Government
holding the patent.
Mr. LOGAN. But will that affect them in
England ? Will they not make the gun there?
Mr. NY E. Only one patent is taken out.
Mr. LOGAN. They will make them, and
do make just the same kind of guns we do,
but call them by different names. The Arm-
strong gun, the best gun England has to day,
was copied from an old gun that lies at the
arsenal down here, and I can prove it to any
man, and improved on by Mr. Armstrong.
So it is in reference to guns everywhere. They
are made to be sold to everybody, to every
Government. The patents that you have
used are of muskets, though the principle is
the same as to pieces of heavy ordnance.
Take Allin's patent, Remington's patent, and
so on, do they not sell these guns to Europe ?
Is there any reason why if Remington makes
a heavy piece of ordnance he cannot sell it to
Europe the same as he does a musket? It is
simply absurd. They are sold everywhere.
But, as I said, if you pay an officer of the
Army or the Navy a royalty, I tell you the
Government of the United States will never
use any gun except that which is made by an
officer of the Army or Navy.
I did not want to go into this discussion.
There is a report now m print that I will refer
the Senate of the United States to. I refer to
the report on ordnance made by a joint com-
mittee of the House and Senate, and I ask
them to read that and see whether they think
there is any chance for any one outside to ever
have a gun adopted if you admit this prin-
ciple. There are reasons that I do not wish to
give, at least in a discussion of this kind, why
it should not be done, other than the mere fact
of its violating principle. I know it. is the
hardest thing in the world for an outside man
to get a shell that is to go into a gun adopted
by the Uuiled States. It costs a great deal
of money on trial and experiments in order
to get it done. 1 do not say why ; but.it is a
(net,; and the evidence has been before Con-
gress to show that to be true.
I venture the assertion to-day that if yon
refer this case to the Court of Claims with the
principle established (and you establish that
doctrine by the bill) that the Government will
pay for the use of patents, you will not, stop
.short, of $10,000,000 in less than five years
for the use of guns that you have already made
use of, as just too as this would be. There is
u gun in use, the best gun that we have in the
way of heavy ordnance. The invention is
what? It is the mere fact of cooling the gun
from the interior instead of from the exterior.
That is the patent, and on that patent you will
pay hundreds of thousands of dollars if you
agree to this proposition. All the changes
that have been made in ordnance in reference
to rifling ordnance, changing the manner of
cooling the matter so as to prevent quick ex-
pansion and quick contraction, are subjects
of different patents. Will not all these patent-
ees be entitled to the very same thing that
you vote here?
All that I have said in reference to this is
merely to put my protest on record against
establishing this principle, so that it may be
seen when the time comes that the Govern-
ment is called upon to pay millions of dollars
which it will be if this precedent is set. I will
to-morrow, or to-day, or any time, vote for a
law saying that the protection that Govern-
ment gives to patentees shall be a guarantee
that the Government shall use their patents
for its use when the article is necessary in
anything the Government proposes to do,
without pay or emolunlent whatever. That
principle, in my judgment., ought to be estab-
lished in this Government, and ought to be
inserted in a statute.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, my former
position on the Committee 011 Naval Affairs
led me to have some knowledge of the ques-
tion involved in this pending (jill. I do not
propose to go into any discussion of the merits
of the several guns, the patents for which are
involved in this bill ; but I will say a few
words upon the question that has been started
by the Senator from Illinois. He takes the
ground that where patents are granted by the
Government to those who have been in the
employ of the Government, they should be
owned by the Government. That is the ■ '
logical effect of the position which he takes. ■
Now, Mr. President, the very converse of that
is the truth, for when you come to look at the >!
original provision which gives rise to all these '
questions of patents, we find it reads thus.
The Constitution in enumerating the powers
of Congress gives authority—
" To promote the progress of science and useful
arts, by securing for limited times to authors and
inventors the exclusive right to their respective "**
writings and discoveries."
"The exclusive right." Now, Mr. Prea
ident, when we remember that 110 right of this
character can be granted until after an appli-
cation has been made to thfe Government it-
self, and the evidence laid before it of the
originality of the invention and of the merits
of the invention, when letters-patent are issued,
those letters-patent give to the patentee an
exclusive right as against all parties, whether
private individuals or the Government. The
only difference between the Government and
private individuals is, that if'the private indi-
vidual uses the patent, the patentee has a rem-
edy at law against him ; when the Government
steps in and uses the patent, the patentee has
no remedy as against the Government, unless
he conies and makes his appeal to Congress.
That is the only difference between the private
individual and the Government, and 1 do not
think that it would be good policy to hold that
all persons in the employ of the Government
should be discouraged from exercising their
ingenuity in inventions in the particular line
in which they are engaged, upon those par-
ticular subjects to which their thoughts are
directed ; but if it should be the policy of the
Government, that ought to be declared, and
the letters-patent which are issued to any pat-
entee ought to have in them the reservation
of the right to the Government to use that
patent, instead of saying upon its' face that it
does grant the exclusive right for the limited
time of fourteen years to the patentee of that
invention.
Now, sir, what have wc in this case? Here
is an officer, a gallant officer, a meritorious
officer, as the Senator from Illinois admits,
who during the time of his employment by
the Government directed his attention to the
improvements which could be made in oid-
nance, and made these improvements. He
made his application to the Government; the
Government did not demur to it. If there
has ever been any rule such as the Senator
from Illinois refers to, of requiring a mechanic
to assign to the Government any invention
which he makes before the letters-patent are
issued to him, I have never heard of it; and
if that rule applies to the mechanics simply,
it seems to mo it has been an unwarranted
exercise of power in their superiors to demand
the assignment.
Mr. LOGAN. I did not say they were
required to assign the patent, but the use of
the patent to the Government; and that is the
rule, and I can refer the Senator to a docu-
ment that will show it by plenty of evidence
given by Army officers. That is the rule in
the Army in reference to officers or mechanics,
and so it is in the Navy.
Mr. SCOTT. A rule established by whom ?
Mr. LOGAN. By the Departments of the
Government.
Mr. SCOTT. Is there any such rule laid
down in the War Department or in the Navy
Department, or is it a rule simply of the shop
in which these mechanics have been at work?
Mr. LOGAN. There is no law laying down
such a rule, but it is the rule in both the De-
partments; and it has been over and over test-
ified to before committees here, by ordnance
officers, and other officers of the Government,
that it is the rule. Mechanics who have made
inventions have testified the same. I can tell
you, too, some of them who testified recently.
Mr. Taylor, a mechanic in the navy-yard in
