mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
a, wagon-road to White river Indian agency,
in Colorado- Territory; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
internal improvements in territories
Mr. ARMSTRONG introduced a bill (H.
R. No.1911) to encourage internal improve-
ments in the Territories; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Territories, and ordered to be
printed.
■ government of montana.
Mr. CLAGETT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1912) to amend section seven of an act
to provide a temporary government for the
Territory _ of Montana, approved May 26,
1804; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Territories,
and ordered to be printed.
territorial corporations.
Mr. JONES introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1913) in reference to incorporation in the
Territories, &c.; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
the Territories, and ordered to be printed.
shoshone and bannock reservation.
Mr. JONES also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1914) to authorize the Secretary of the
Interior to negotiate with the chiefs and head
men of the Shoshone and Bannock tribes of
Indians for the relinquishment of a portion
of their reservation in Wyoming Territory ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
four million loan.
Mr. CHIPMAN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. .1915) to define the meaning of the four
million loan act, passed by the Legislative
Assembly for the District of Columbia; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
point lookout railroad.
Mr. CHIPMAN also introduced a bill (II.
R. No. 1910) to authorize the Washington
City and Point Lookout Railroad Company to
extend a railroad into and within the District
of Columbia; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
omioial gazette 01? patents.
Mr. CHIPMAN also introduced a bill (II.
R. No. 1917) authorizing the Commissioner
of Patents to sell the official gazette at cost iil
certain cases; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Pat-
ents, and ordered to be printed.
private land claims.
Mr. CHIPMAN also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1918) to authorize the issue of patents
to lands in cases of private land claims; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHIPMAN also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1919) to repeal several acts which pro-
vide for the survey of confirmed private land
claims at the expense of the claimants ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
order of business.
•The SPEAKER. The States and Territo-
ries having been called for bills on leave and
joint resolutions, they will next be called for
resolutions, and the pending bill under this
call is the bill (H. R. No. 1G47) supplement-
ary to an act entitled " An act to protect all
citizens of the United States in their civil
rights, and to furnish the means for their vindi-
cation."
Mr. ELDREDGE, For the purpose of con-
sidering ..that bill, I move that the House
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
on a motion of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Niblack,] that the bill be laid on the
table. Pending the consideration of that
motion, the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Eldredce] moves that the House adjourn.
On the motion, there were—ayes 51, noes 85.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Eldredge
and Mr. Starkweather were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 42, noes 74.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Wednesday next.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman merely
wishes to exhaust the morning hour, his last
motion is not necessary, as a single call of the
roll will do it.
Mr. ELDREDGE. If that will do it I with-
draw the motion. I only wish that we may
have time to consider this bill. [Laughter.]
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 12, nays 156, not voting
72; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Caldwell, Crossland, Du Bosc
Eldredge. Ely, Garrett, Morgan, Niblack, Read.
William R. Roberts, Van Trump, and Wood—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Arthur,
Avenll, Banks. Bavbor, Beatty, Book. Bovoridgo,
Big by. Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Austin Blair, Brax-
ton, Bright, George M. Brooks, James Brooks,
Buckley, Bufflnton, Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin
Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Froeman Clarke.
Cobb, Coburn, Coghlan, Comingo, Conger, Connor
Crebs, Critcher, Dan-all, Davis, Dawes, Donnan,
Box, Ducll, Dannell, Farnsworth, Farwell, Fitik-
olnburg, Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Fryo,
Garfield, Getr„ Golladay, Goodrich, Haldeman,
lialsey, Ilambleton. Hancock, Handley, Harmer„
Harper, John 1. Harris, Havens, Hawley, Hay,
Hays, Gerry W Hanelton, John W. Hazelton,
Herciord, Hill, Hoar, Holman, Hooper, Houghton,
Kelley, Kerr, King, Lamport. Lansing, Leach,
Lewis, Lowe, Lynch, Marshall, McClelland, McCor-
mick. McCrary, McGrew.McJunkin.McKee, McKin-
iiey.Mcrcur, Merriam, Benjamin F. Movers, Mitch-
ell, Monroe, Morey, Leonard Myers, Negley. Orr,
Packard, Palmer, Isaac C.Parker, Peck, Pendleton,
Force, Aaron F. Perry, Eli Perry, Piatt. Poland,
Potior. Price, Pnndle, Randall. Edward Y. Rice,
John M. Rico, Ellis H.Roberts, Rogers, Rusk, Sar-
gent, Sawyer. Secley, Shanks, Sheldon, Shoemakor,
bloss, Jl. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Worth-
ltigton C. Smith, Snapp, Thomas J. Sneer, Sprague,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stoughton, Strong, Swann,
Sypher, Xaffo, Terry, Washington Townsend, Tur-
nor, Iwichell, Tyner, Upson. Voorhees. Waddcll.
Wakeman, Walden, Waldron, Warren, Wolls,
Wheeler, Whitcloy, Willard, Williams of Indiana,
Williams of New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and
Winchester—156.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Barnum,
Blair, Boles, Campbell, Car-
roll, William T. Clark, Cotton, Cox. Creely, Crocker,
Do Large, Dickey, Duke, Eames, Elliott, Forker,
llcnry IX loster, Griffith. Hale. Hanks, George
Ii. Harris, Horndon, Hfbhard, Kellogg, Kendall,
Ketcham, Kilhnger, kinsella, Lainison, Manson,
Maynard, Mollenry, Mclnt.yre, McNeely, Merrick,
Moore, Morphis, Packer, Hosea W. Parker, Peters,
Porter, Rainey, Ritchie, Robinson. Roosevelt, Sco-
field. Sessions, Shcllabarger, Sherwood,Shober, Sla-
ter, Sloeum, Snyder, R. Milton Speer, Steven-
son, Storm, Stowell, St. John, Sutherland, Thomas,
wvi?htwf?w,nsend- T Tuthill, Vaughan, Wallace,
Walls, Winttliorne, John T. Wilson, and Young—72.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The morning hour having expired the bill
went over.
atchison, topeka, and santa fe railroad.
Mr. LOWE. I offer the following bill, and
ask unanimous consent to consider it at this
time. It is a bill to extend the time for the
completion of the Atchison, Topefea, and
Santa P6 railroad, and to secure lands to
actual settlers.
The bill, which was read, provides in the first
section that the time for the completion of
the Atchison, Topeka, and'Santa F6 railroad,
as prescribed by an act entitled " An act for a
grant of lands to the State of Kansas, in alter-
nate sections, to aid in the construction of
certain railroads and telegraps in said State."
approved March 3, 1863, be, and the same is
hereby, extended to March 3, 1877; provided
that said railroad company shall complete its
railroad and telegraph from the city of Atchi-
son, on the Missouri river, to the crossing of
Pawnee Fork, near Fort Larned, by the 1st
day of January, A. D. 1873. The second
provides that the lands granted by the act
of March 3, 1863, and lying west of the point
at which said road and telegraph shall be
constructed subsequent to March 3, 1873,
(excepting only such as are necessary to re-
serve for the use of the company,) shall be
sold to actual settlers only, and in quantities
not more than one hundred and sixty acres to
any one person, under such restrictions and
regulations as may be prescribed by the Sec-
retary of the Interior, at such prices as will
secure to said company, its successors, or as-
signs, an average price of not more than
$2 50 per acre for the land actually certified
for each completed section of twenty miles of
said railroad, subject to the foregoing condi-
tions and limitations. Said company, as fast
as each section of its road shall be competed,
shall receive patents, as provided in said act
of March 3, 1863, for such odd sections of land
as may be necessary to make up deficiencies
in said section, or on any other completed sec-
tions of said road, and which may be situated
within the indemnity limits prescribed in said
act of March 3, 1863.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object. I would like to
ask the Speaker whether the proposition is to
put the bill upon its passage ?
Mr. LOWE. I hope I will be permitted to
make three minutes' explanation. I do not
think anybody will then desire to object to the
consideration of this bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not un-
derstand the request is to put the bill upon its
passage, but merely to introduce it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Mr. LOWE. 1 move, then, that the rules be
suspended and the bill passed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the motion will be
amended so that the rules may be suspended
to have the bill brought before the House for
consideration. This is a grant which was
made ten years ago.
Mr, LOWE. I will accept the suggestion
of the gentleman from Indiana, and move that
the rules be suspended to bring the bill before
the House for consideration.
Mr. HOLMAN. What length of time does
the gentleman from Kansas propose to give
for the consideration of this bill?
Mr. LOWE. All the time the House may
desire for the consideration of it.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then the gentleman will
not call the previous question 1
Mr. LOWE. 1 will state to the House that
I do not desire to prevent the House from con-
sidering it to the fullest extent it may desire.
Mr. SHANKS. The scope of this bill will
interfere with the Osage reserve lands, and 1
wish to prevent any such interference.
Mr. LOWE. I do not propose to limit
debate on this bill to an hour, but will agree
to further time if the House should desire it.
I will not interpose any obstacle to whatever
consideration of the bill the House may desire.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman allow
three hours for the consideration of the bill?
Mr. LOWE. I want to have a vote on it
to-day.
Mr. LOWE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Holman and
Mr. Lowe were appointed.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
65, noes 53; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER. No quorum has voted,
although the Chair is satisfied that a quorum
of members is in the Hall. As no quorum has
voted, the only motions in order are a motion
to adjourn or a motion for acall of the House,
either of which the Chair is ready to entertain.
Mr. POTTER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot pro-
ceed to entertain any business until a quorum
