2476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
whisky; it has removed many of the annoy-
ing and restrictive provisions of the existing
law obstructing the business of the distiller and
harassing the commerce in that article; it
has provided instead of sixteen cents for smok-
ing tobacco and thirty-two cents for chewing
tobacco, a uniform tax of twenty cents per
pouud upon all kinds of tobacco, and has at
the same time provided a safe method for ex-
porting tobacco as well as spirits directly from
the manufactory without cumbersome forms
and unsatisfactory drawbacks of existing law,
and it has been its endeavor, while reducing
taxation, to make more efficient, and if possible
at the same time less burdensome and annoy-
ing, the laws that shall enforce the duties and
taxes which remain.
It is manifest to those who have had any ex-
perience in the adjustment of tariffs and the
imposition of taxes, that a bill so framed that
every item shall be satisfactory to all the
members of the committee engaged in that
work is an impossibility.
There are doubtless different provisions in
this bill to which each member of the com-
mittee in turn might have objections.
I have the permission of the committee to
state to the House my own emphatic dissent
from some of the essential provisions of this
bill, and also their permission to move in the
House such amendments as will remove those
objections.
What those provisions are, and the rea-
sons for my dissent from them, 1 will more
fully sot forth whenever in the extended
debate upon this bill I shall have an oppor-
tunity.
It would have better met my view if, first
and foremost, it had removed all possible
exactions and restrictions, as well as burdens,
now harassing the business and pursuits of
the people arising from internal taxes, except
those upon spirituous and fermented liquors
and tobacco; and. next, had presented a
larger and broader free list of articles now
dutiable, which enter into the manufactures
and industries of this country, and are not
such as can be produced at home, and had
distributed whatever balance of reduction the
exigencies of the Government would permit
more generally over the whole remaining list
of dutiable goods, thereby falling less heavily
upon some, and more generally and conse-
quently lighter upon all. In this way there
would be as little disturbance its possible of
the cm-rents and expectations and fait It of
trade and capital, and tin: ielianee ol' labor.
And I would have prefened in doing this that
the aggregate of the reductions should have
reached, as 1 hoped it might, instead of the
sum of $31,845,5l>l, at least forty to forty-live
million dollars, which I believe the revenues
of the future will justify. It will be my en-
deavor, by fair process of amendment, in the
progress of this bill, to reach that end ; and 1
have no doubt thai by the coiipeiation of the
House the bill will be so far improved as to
command its support and the approval of the
people.
Air. MAYNARD. 1 desire to say that the
bill reported by the majority of the Committee
of Ways and ileans failed to meet the views
of a minority, who have embodied their views
in a bill which we desire to bring to the atten-
tion of the House in connection with this sub-
ject, which is nccond in importance to no
other. I ask, thei etbre, that our proposition
be printed, that it may be examined by mem-
bers between now and the time when tli^ ques-
tion shall come up for general debate in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The SPEAJi lift. The Chair has several
times suhmitf <1 the proposition.
Mr. MAYNAHD. 1 do not asl: that the
bill be introduced now, but that it be ]>rinted.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [ilr. Mayxard] asks leave that the bill
which the minority of the committee desire to
submit at a futurs day for reference to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union may be printed. Is there objection?
The Chair hears none, and it will be so ordered.
military reservation in san francisco.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2324) to release
a certain portion of the military reservation
in San Francisco to settlers thereon, as de-
scribed in this act; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
seizures, etc., in revenue cases.
Mr. DAWES. I have a further report which
I would like to submit from the Committee of
Ways and Means. It is a bill of a good deal
of importance, which we desire to have put
upon its passage at once. I t.hiuk it will not
cause any discussion. It is not a report which
1 can force upon the attention of the House;
but [ ask the indulgence of the House to con-
sider it.
There being no objection,
Mr. DAWES reported from the Committee
of Ways and Means a bill (H. R. No. 2325) to
regulate the seizure and examination of in-
voices, books, and papers in customs revenue
cases which was read a first and second time.
The bill provides in the first section that
whenever it shall be made to appear, to the
satisfaction of the judge of the district court
for any judicial district in the United States,
by complaint and certificate as hereinafter
provided, that any fiaud on the revenue has
been committed in or about any importation
or entry of merchandise within such district,
and that an examination of the invoices, books,
or papers referred to in such complaint is
essential to the euds of justice, such judge shall
forthwith issue a warrant for the seizure thereof
as hereinafter provided.
The second section provides that the com-
plaint shall set forth the importation or entry
and the port or collection district to which it
relates, and, as nearly as may be, the names,
residence, and business of the parties con-
cerned or implicated in the alleged fraud,
together with the facts which induce the com-
plainant to believe that such fraud has been
committed, and shall also particularly de-
scribe the invoices, books, or papers to be
seized, which complaint shall be verified by
oath or affirmation before a United States
judge or commissioner or a judge of any
State court. The district attorney for such
judicial district is thereupon to duly examine
such complaint and make such inquiry con-
cerning the facts of the case, or of or concern-
ing the complainant, as he may deem needful,
and if in his opinion there is probable cause
for the issue of such warrant lie is to so cer-
tify, or, if he be of the contrary opinion, he
is to certify accordingly, which certificate shall
be indorsed upon or annexed to such com-
plaint before the judge shall consider the
same; but nothiug in this act contained is to
prevent such judge from issuing such warrant
without the concurrence of the district attor-
ney. But in such case the collector or other
chief customs officer of the port or district
where such fraud is alleged to have been com-
mitted shall certify, in writing, his belief that
the issuance of such warrant is necessary in
the interest of the United States. The com-
plaint. and certificate are, in every case, to be
duly filed on or before the actual issuing of
the warrant.
The third section provides that the warrant
hereby authorized shall conform to the com-
plaint with respect to the description of the
invoices, books, or papers to be seized. It is
to be directed to the marshal of the district,
requiring him to enter any place or premises
where such invoices, books, or papers, or any
or either of them may be, and to lake posses-
sion of and produce the same, with all con-
venient speed, before the judge issuing such
warrant. It is to be executed or served only
by such marshal or his regular deputy, and,
unless therein otherwise expressly directed,
only during the usual hours of business in the
port or place where such seizure is made. The
officer executing such warrant is immediately
to inclose and seal every book, invoice, or
paper so seized in such manner that the same
cannot be inspected or examined without break-
ing or removing such seal; and no seal so
placed is to be broken or removed, except m
the presence of such judge, or pursuant to his
order.
The fourth section provides that the marshal
shall make return according to the warrant,
but may, in his discretion, and upon his official
responsibility, permit books and papers, the
bulk or quantity of which may render their
removal inconvenient, to remain at the place
of seizure, under seal, as aforesaid, and in the
custody of an officer detailed by him for that
purpose, until special instructions concerning
the disposition thereof can be obtained from
the judge having jurisdiction of the case.
The fifth section enacts that on the return of
such warrant, and from time to time there-
after, or upon special application as aforesaid,
such judge shall and may make such order,
direction, or rule concerning the time, place,
manner, and extent of the examination ; the
books, invoices, and papers to be examined;
the perpetuation of any evidence obtained
therefrom or contained therein ; the custody
and control thereof for the time being, and
the final disposition, retention, or return
thereof, as may appear to him necessary and
proper, due regard being had to the interests
of the Government, the convenience of the
parties, and the probabilities of the case. But
such examination is to be commenced within
two days after the seizure, and prosecuted
without delay, and is to be confined to the
matter specified in the complaint. The per-
son or persons from whom said books or papers
were taken, or the claimant of the same, are
to have due notice of the time and place of
such examination, and the right to be present,
either in person or by counsel, or both. The
district attorney, or other person authorized
by him, and the collector or other chief cus-
toms officer of the district, are also to be noti-
fied, and the latter may attend in person, or
be represented by an officer of the customs, or
an agent of the Treasury Department detailed
for that purpose.
The sixth section directs that all orders and
decisions under the foiegoing section, made
by such judge, shall be entered as orders of
the court with the same effect as other orders
of such court, subject oniy to such general
rules, consistent with the provisions of this
act and applicable iu the premises, as may be
contained in or added to the rules govern-
ing the practice and proceedings iu district
courts of the United States. All copies or
extracts made or taken by order of such judge
of or from any books, invoices, or papers
seized and examined as aforesaid, are to be
duly certified under his hand and seal and
filed in the office of the district attorney, and
to be evidence in all causes or proceedings
relating to the matter complained of in like
manner and with the same effect as if the
originals were produced and admitted in evi-
dence. Every warrant issued under this act,
with the return of service and proceeding
thereon, is to be finally returned, together
with the complaint and certificate on which
the same was issued, to the district court over
which the judge issuing such warrant presides,
and remain as of record in such court.
The seventh section provides that any per-
son who shall knowingly abstract, conceal, or
remove, or in any manner deface, alter, or
destroy any book, invoice, or paper seized or
ordered to be seized under this act, or who
shall, without due authorization as aforesaid,
break, remove, or otherwise violate any seal
placed as aforesaid on or over any such book,
invoice, or paper, shall, on conviction, be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and fined
