632
APPENDIX TO THE COMPRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 30,
Ho. or Reps.
Woman Suffrage—Mr. Archer.
42d Cong....2d
and with Strong and Shaw fixed the stars and
stripes on the ramparts of Fort Wagner. With
Burnside they crossed the mountains of Ten-
nessee, and at Gettysburg with Meade drove
back the southern invader from the free soil
of Pennsylvania. In all the campaigns of the
East, in Sherman's march to the sea, with
Banks at Port Hudson, with Grant at Vicks-
burg, wherever and whenever there-was haz-
ard to be encountered or laurels to be won,
they carried the flag of the Union with unyield-
ing devotion and national renown.
The grateful task remains to us to do partial
justice at least to those whose toils and pains
in prison-pens aud bloody fields have pur-
chased the continuance of the blessings we
now enjoy. As one evidence of our desire to
do justice to these noble men, let us pass the
bill to increase the pensions of the seventeen
thousand maimed and crippled soldiers who
are embraced in its provisions.
Woman Suffrage.
SPEECH OF HON. S. ARCHER,
OF MAKYLAND, ,
In the House of Representatives,
May 30, 1872,
On the bill (S. No. 499) to give to women tbe right to
vote and hold office in the Territories.
Mr. ARCHER. Mr. Speaker, the intro-
duction of Senate bill No. 499 by the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
to give to women tbe right to vote and hold
office in the Territories induces me to address
the House upon that subject.
Sir, who but a veritable fanatic could have
-believed, ten years ago, that the question,
"Shall women be allowed to vote?" would
so soou come to be considered throughout the
greater portion of our country as one to be
seriously entertained, gravely pondered on,
and nicely decided, by the various political
assemblies, law-making bodies, and judicial
tribunals of the land ? There is probably not
one gentleman in either branch of this our
national Legislature—nay, of any Legislature in
the whole country, North or South, who would
not at that time, ten briefyears ago, have laughed
to scorn the proposition of woman suffrage; or,
rather, he would have felt with regard to it like
the big man who used to let his little wife whip
him everyday, because she liked the sport and it
did not hurt him, as he explained to a friend
who chanced to step in on the happy pair dur-
ing the height of one of these daily castiga-
tions.
But this socio-political aspect of affairs has
long since ceased to be merely funny. It has
become so serious, indeed, that all who are at
heart opposed to the success of the new move-
ment must leave off regarding these innovators
as mere petticoated harlequins, who, with
cap and bells, and clownish grimace, once
made us hold our sides with paiu of laughing.
A monstrous army is now coming down upon
us—a hundred thousand " whirlwinds in pet-
ticoats"—which we must meet firmly, or be
overwhelmed by the storm. The little wife
has attained to such size and strength that
her blows now make the big.man wince; the
wee finger-nails have grown to talons, and
tear now where they only tickled before : and
if the big, good-natured fellow does not look
well to the guard, he will be throttled, stretched
on his back, and brought to such terms as he
dreamed not of a short while ago.
But let us see what positive proof there is
that this agitation is really getting formidable
enough to demand serious attention.
In Maine, one branch of the legislative body
has already passed a law making female cit-
izens electors for President and Vice President
of the United States, and at last accounts the
other branch was debating the question. In
Utah, the convention to form a new State con-
stitution have incorporated woman suffrage in
that instrument. In Iowa, last year, the two
houses concurred in an amendment to the
State constitution striking out the word
"male." If this action is repeated by the
present Legislature—and the lower house has
already done its part, and it is thought the
senate will concur—woman suffrage will be
submitted to the voters of Iowa next fall. In
the lower house of the Pennsylvania Legisla-
ture, only a few weeks since, a bill to allow
women seats in the convention for revising the
State constitution barely failed by a vote of 38
to 81. In the Massachusetts Legislature there
was lately a tie vote on woman suffrage ; and
only a few days ago a legislative committee of
the same State reported in favor of so amend-
ing the State constitution as to allow women
the right to vote and hold office, and had it
not been for the extraordinary efforts of the
over-zealous chaplain, who put up an ill-timed
prayer that it might please the Almighty to
procure the passage of the measure by soften-
ing the hard hearts of men, it would most prob-
ably have been passed ; but that innovation
upon the method of engineering an enactment
through alarmed enough old fogies and
sticklers for parliamentary usage to cause
its defeat by a vote of about 130 to 70. But
Wyoming is ahead of them all. There women
have been allowed by law to vote, hold office,
sit on juries, &c. Of course many of the
strong-minded were at hand (for, indeed,
where are they not nowadays?) ready to avail
themselves of the enactment. So women have
voted, held office, and sat on juries. The mon-
strous thing has actually been done I
Prom Cape Cod. then, to the Rocky mountains
the work goes bravely on. But these suc-
cesses and these "glorious defeats," if we may
judge from certain other indications, are as
nothing compared to what will soon beachieved.
The successes will be upon us without the de-
feats, if the movement be not resolutely met.
These women, in the matter of getting what
they call their "rights," show on all occa-
sions an earnestness worthy of a better cause.
They could not be more in earnest if each
one were certain of a place in President Vic-
toria Woodhull's cabinet on the 4th day of
March, 1873. Mrs. Stanton, one of their most
prominent leaders, says:
"Let religion, philanthropy, charity, art. science
literature, center on woman's enfranchisement. Let
the churches go without lamps, pastors without
donations, the heathen without tracts, men with-
out buttons, and children without bibs. We have
worked six thousand years to lift men up into gods.
Now let us lift ourselves up and learn good and evil,
or, what is better, the difference between them."
Each one of these women, moreover, can
talk and write as much as any ten of the so-
called sterner sex. The consequence of all
this energetic earnestness is that their meet-
ings are trequent all over the land, and their
journals are met with turn which way you
will. The vast capacity of the Academy of
Music in New York city was not sufficient to
accommodate half of those who, in February
last, flocked to hear Mrs. Woodhull's lecture on
"the revolution of the period." Long be-
fore the hourannounced, according to the city
papers, throngs pressed against the closed
doors, aud when at length the doors were
opened there was such a rush that persons of
both sexes were lifted off their feet and car-
ried along in the eager press made to secure
seats; and when these were all occupied, the
aisles were packed with human beings like
herrings in a barrel—many of them gasping
for breath, screaming, and fainting, yet still
pushing forward in their eagerness to see and
hear. Hundreds could not get in at all, and
went off disappointed. Such is the picture
drawn by journals which, so far from magni-
fying the woman suffrage movement, endeavor
to be little it on all occasions. So we may well
believe the picture not exaggerated. This
city, too, has lately suffered several inflictions
of the kind, and it will be, no doubt, a fre-
quently recurring infliction until the question
which lies at the bottom of it shall be ad-
versely decided. God grant that the insane
movement may then stop, though there is but
little chance for that until the present genera-
tion of women, in whom the ferment has been
set to work, shall have passed away.
Inasmuch as agitations in England have had
of late a marked effect upon those in this
country, and vice versa, it may be well to state
just here in a few words, as germane to this
part of the subject, what is transpiring in Eng-
land in the matter of woman's rights. There
are upward of twenty woman suffrage asso-
ciations in full blast in that country, number'
among their members many lords and high-
born ladies. Last year one hundred and eighty-
seven thousand persons petitioned Parliament
in favor of the measure, and two hundred and
two members of that body it is known will
vote for its passage. Parliament has already
enacted that women may vote in municipal
affairs, and vote for and sit on school-boards,
which is in fact one half the victory already
gained. So that it will be seen that in the
great race thus far the English and American
marmsare about" nip and tuck," and the track
ahead clearing for both. The proceedings of
these associations and conventions can no
longer, as has been the custom both here and
in England, be published under the head of
" amusements." The thing has long since
got to be too serious for that. Nor would it
be advisable now, as it might have been a few
years ago, to turn these revolutionists over
to the ducking-stool as common scolds; nay,
considering their nature, no less than their
numbers, it would hardly be safe, unless backed
by an army of no small dimensions.
Now, what is tbe cause, or what are the
causes, of this unprecedented growth of the
Women's Rights party? How has this mere
speck on the political horizon gathered, within
the last decade of years, into an ominous
cloud, threatening tempest and devastation,
as I propose to show, to our social and polit-
ical fabric alike?
The secret is to be found chiefly in certain
erroneous principles which demagogues, for
the purpose of serving party ends, succeeded
in instilling into a large majority of the north-
ern people throughout the war and during the
various embittered political contests that have
taken place since. Inasmuch as it has been
decided that negroes, who before the war were
not so much as acknowledged to be citizens,
even in the northern States, are entitled to
vote and hold office, ay, though fresh from
their chains, with all their ignorance and de-
basement dense and dark upon them, how
can the same enfranchisement be consistently
withheld from intelligent and educated women
who have always been considered citizens, and
who are infinitely above the groveling freed-
men in everything that guaranties a judicious
exercise of the franchise demanded, and who,
moreover, strove as unceasingly in the hos-
pitals and elsewhere to secure the triumph of
those very principles? The very great prob-
ability that they made these heroic "loyal"
efforts for the selfish purpose of bringing up
their own claims to the same rights as soon
as the bloody struggle should cease, while it
tends to complicate the matter, affords no satis-
factory answer to the present clamor for those
rights.
It is difficult to conceive, even if we confine
our conceptions to the human race, what
limitation is to be placed upon the downward
advance of this question. So long as the right
to vote was confined to the white race, there
