1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
685
The SPEAKER. Debate is objected to on
both sides of the House.
Mr. VOORHEES. I do not object to the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
saying a word if I can be allowed the same
privilege.
Mr. COX. I object to debate.
Mr. BANKS. Thegentleman from Indiana
must allow us to object to any reservation
made in behalf of his friends to the doctrines
of the resolution.
Mr. VOORHEES. I could in a moment
explain it so that there will be no objection to
it upon the other side of the House. Is it in
order for me to say that there is nothing par-
tisan in the resolution?
Mr. SHELLABA RGER. I rise to a parlia-
mentary inquiry, and it is whether we can have
a separate vote 011 the different parts of the
resolution ?
The SPEAKER. There can not be a sep-
arate vote. The gentleman from Indiana
moves to suspend the rules and pass the reso-
lution, which will aii be done upon one vote,
and on that question the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
The question was taken, and there were—•
yeas 73, nays 110, not voting 50; as follows:
VISAS—Messrs. Acker, Arthur, Barnuin, Beck,
Biid, James U. lilair, Braxton, Bright, James
Brooks. Caldwell. Conner, Cox, Crebs, Cropland,
Box, Du Bosc, Duke, Etdridge, J?orker, Garrett,
Getz, Goiladay, GntlHb. llaldeman, Ilancock, lland-
ley. Harper, John T. Harris, Hereford, Ilerndon,
liolman, Kendall, King, Kmsella, Lamison, Leach,
Lewis, Maiwm, Marshall, ^McClelland, McCormick,
AJtHcnry, jUcIntyre, McKinney, MeNeoIy, Benja-
min F. Meyers. Morgan, Niblaek, Ilosea W. Parker,
iili Perry, Price, Head, lid waul Y. ltice, John M.
Bice, Rogers. Sheldon,Shobor, Slater, Slo^s, Stevens,
Sutherland, Terry, Turner, Tut,hill, Vauehnn, Voor-
hees, Waddell, Walls, Warren, Wells, Whitthorno,
"Winchester, and Young—7J.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Avcrill, Bank5!, Barry,
Beatty, Beveridge, Bigby, Bingham, Austin Blair,
George M. Brooks, Buckley, Buftinton, Burchard,
Burdett, Benjamin P. Butler, Roderick It. Butler,
Prccman Clarke, William T. Clarke, Cobb, Coburn,
Conger, Cotton, Critcher, Darral), Dawes, Donnan,
Duell, Dunnell, Eamos, Farnsworth, Farweli," Fmk-
elnbuig, Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Gar-
field, Goodrich, Hale, Halsey, George E. Harris,
Havens, liawley, Gerry W. Jlazleton, John W.
Hazleton. Hibbard, Hill, Iloar, Hooper, Houghton,
Kcllev, Iveilogg, Ketcham, Killinger, Lamport,
Lansing, Lowe, Lynch, Maynard, McGrew, McJun-
kin, Mercur, Mernaw, Merrick, Monroe, Moore,
Leonard Myers, Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer,
Isaac C. Parker. Peck, Pendleton, Perce, Aaron
F. Perry, Peter?, Poland, Porter, Pnndle, liainey,
Ellis 11. Roberts, Sawyei, Seoioy, Sessions, Shanks,
Sheiiabaiger. Shoemaker, John A. Smith. Worth-
ington C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Thomas J. Speer,
Starkweather, Stuugiiton, S towel I, Strong, Taffe,
Thoma-s, Twichell, Tjner, Upson, Wakcman. War-
den, Waldron, Wallace, Wheeler, Whiteley, Wil-
lard, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson,
and John T. Wilson—110.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adam?, Ames, Archer,
Barber, Bell, Biggs, Campbell, Carroll, Coghlan,
Comingo. Crecly,Davis, Do Large, Dickey, Edwards,
Elliott, Ely, Henry D. Foster, Fryo, llambleton,
Hanks, Harmor. Hay, llavs, Kerr, McCrary, MeKee,
Mitchell, Morey, Morphia, Negley, Piatt, Potter,
Randall, Ritchie, William R. Roberta, Itobin-on,
Roosevelt, itu^k, Sargent, SeMiold, Sherwood, Slo-
cum, ll.Boardniait Smith, II. Milton Speer, Spragnc,
Stevenson, Storm, St. John, Swann, Sypher, Dwight
Towxifeeud, Washington Townseiul. Van Tramp,Wil-
liams of New York, and Wood—5t>.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
Mr. VOORHEES. I now ask that the
joint resolution be referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, and printed.
There was no objection; and the joint reso-
lution (H. JR. No. OS) was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I would like
to have the resolution which I send to the
Clerk's desk referred in connection with that
resolution.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows :
cuba and mexico.
Jiefohed, That in the interests of civilization, phi-
lanthropy, and Christianity the interposition of the
people ot the United States is demanded for pacific- (
ation among our territorial neighbors m Cuba and
Mexico.
Mr. VOORHEES. I object to that in the
first place, because X do not understand what it
means, and in the next place, if it means any-
thing, it is already embraced in the resolution
I have offered.
protection oj life on stbam-yessels.
Mr. NEGLEY, by unanimous consent,
presented certain amendments to the bill to
amend the act to provide for the better secur-
ity of life on board of vessels propelled wholly
or in part by steam; which were referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
survey or curver river, missouri
Mr. KING, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War bo, and is
hereby, requested, at his earliest convenience, to
furnish this House with a copy of the report of tho
engineer department in relation to tho purvey of
the Cuiver rivor, Missouri, from its mouth to Mos-
cow Mills, in Lincoln eountv, which survey was
ordered by act of the Forty-First Congress, third
session, with tho report made by the engineers in
charge of said survey to tho engineer department.
diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. SWANN. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Appropri-
ations abillmakingappropriations for the con-
sular and diplomatic service of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1873,
which I am instructed by that committ.ee to
move shall be referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, ordered
to be printed, and made the special order for
Thursday next after tho morning hour, and
from day to day until disposed of.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to reserve all
points of order on the bill.
No objection being made, the bill (H. R.
No. 1323) was received, read a first and sec-
ond time, ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee of the Whole, and made the
special order, as moved by Mr. Swann.
preservation op forest trees.
Mr. HALDEMAN, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted :
Revolved, That tho Committoe on Agriculture bo
instructed to inciuiro whether measures should bo
taken or a condition exacted by the Government
whereby a certain percentage of each quarter sec-
tion of public lands sold to actual setthus or others
must be planted with trees, or a certain percentage
of existing forest preserved, in order that great
drought may bo provented or remedied in certain
localities.
additional land district in minnesota.
Mr. AVERILL. Task unanimous consent
to introduce for consideration at the present
time a bill to create an additional land dis-
trict in the State of Minnesota.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read at
length, after which the Chair will ask for objec-
tions, if any.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
President to establish an additional land dis-
trict in the State of Minnesota, embracing all
that part of the present Alexandria land dis-
trict which lies north of the township line
dividing townships one hundred and thirty-six
and one hundred and thirty-seven, and west of
the range line dividing ranges thirty-five and
thirty-six west of the fifth principal meridian,
and fix from time to time tho boundaries
thereof, which district shall be named after
the place at which the office shall first be
established, and the President shall have power
to fix from time to time the location of tho
office for said district. The second section
authorizes the President to appoint, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, a register
and receiver for said land district who shall
be required to reside at the site of the land
office for said district, and who shall be subject
to tho same laws and responsibilities and whose
compensation, respectively, shall be the same
as tli 't now allowed by law to the land officers
in said State.
Mr. 1IOLMAN. I think 1 must object to
this bill unless it is reported from the Com-
mittee on the Public Lauds,
Mr. AVERILL. I will say that this bill
meets tho unanimous approval of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. I wish furthermore
to say that this proposition to make a new land
district in Minnesota has been unequivocally
and heartily approved by the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, whose letter is as
follows:
Washington, D. C., January 25, 1872.
Sir: I have the honorto return herewith tho form
of a bill submitted by you, authorizing the President
to establish an additional land district in tho State
of Minnesota, to comprise that part of the present
Alexandria land district which lies north of the
township line dividing townships ono hundred and
thirty-six and one hundred and thirty-seven north,
and west of the range line dividing thirty-five and
thirty-six west.
In reply to your inquiries in tho matter, I respect-
fully siato that the completion of the Northern Pa-
cific railroad across tho State, and also of the road
from St. Paul to Breckiiilidge, has opened a way of
rapid communication with the westei n and north-
western portions of Minnesota, a fact of which set-
tlers are fully aware, and which lias induced them
to pres3 rapidly into that portion of tho State.
The'remoteness of tho present office (Alexandria)
from tho lands and settlements north of township
one hundred and thirty-six. and which would bo
accommodated by the new district, is a serious lim-
it crance to the development of that part of Minne-
sota, a journey of fifty to ono hundred and lifty miles
being requisite for the purpose of entering a claim,
tho expense attending which is quito a burden to a
person of tho class which generally seek tho frontier
lor homes. I therefore recommend the early pas-
sage of tho bill and establishment of tho land ollice.
Very respectfully,
WILLIS DllITMMOND,
Vom)iiinbii>ner,
Hon. J. T. Averill, Ilouie of Representative*.
It is a matter of public necessity, and one
that from my own personal observation is
perfectly just and proper, and is demanded
by hundreds and thousands of citizens and
settlers in that tract of country. I hope
there will be no objection to tho bill.
Mr. STEVENSON. I wish to say, as a
member of the Committee on Public Lands,
that this bill has the approval of that com-
mittee.
Mr. IIOLMAN. With that assurance I will
make no objection.
No objection being made, the bill (H. li.
No. 1324) was introduced, read a first and
second time, and ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
read the third time, and passed.
construction of steamships, etc.
Mr. BUKDKTT, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and adopted :
Revolved, That tho Committee on Manufactures be,
and they are hereby, instructed to inquire into and
report to this House what facilities exist within tho
United States lor the production of such manufac-
tured articles and materials as enter into the con-
struction of steam and other vessels, boats, and craft
adapted to the navigation of tho ocean and of the
internal waters of t,he United States, tho acccs-'-ibil-
ity and extent of the raw material found within this
country which enter into the composition of such
manufactured articles; whether suell facilities for
manufacture aro sulhcient to meet the demand of
such a supply as will restore the United States to
then former position among thomaratimo Powers,
and the comparative difference in the cost and quan-
tity of such manufactured material and tho like
material pioduced and used in other countiies,
removal op political disabilities.
Mr. YOUNG, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. It. No. 1325) to remove the
disabilities of certain persons therein named ;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill provides for the removal of polit-
ical disabilities from David Irwin, Lewis Turn-
lin, Warren Aken, James W. Harris, T. C.
Howard, and Lafayette MacLaws, of Georgia.
There being no objection, the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and (two thirds voting in favor
thereof) was passed.
state department building.
Mr. GETZ. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce for action at the present time the
following resolution:
Hcmlved, That the Committee oil Public Build-
ings and Grounds be instructed to investigate tho
