1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
633
42d Gong....2d Sess.
Woman Suffrage—Mr. Archer.
Ho. of Beps.
was a rational and definite barrier, beyond
which none other could hope to pass, nor in-
deed would have thought seriously of making
the attempt to pass, had they not been dragged
into the arena by those who wanted their aid
for partisan purposes. That barrier, however,
once broken down by admitting, or rather by
forcing the negro to vote, this barrier once
broken down, women can no longer be con-
sistently excluded. And if women be now
admitted, who shall say, and preserve con-
sistency, that any particular number of years
of age shall constitute the limit? If an ignorant
negro of twenty-one may vote, why may not
a full-blooded Caucasian of twenty? Then,
why should not nineteen have the right; then
eighteen, in fact, the whole family of"teens,"
negroes and negresses, as well as the whites of
both sexes ? Then why should not the little
child's clamors for suffrage be heard, the
pickaninny as well as the Caucasian? Surely
they know as much about the Constitution as
their great-grandfathers do. Is second child-
hood any more intelligent than first childhood?
In brief, when and where is the infernal thing
to stop? I say " infernal" advisedly, for I
verily believe that this whole brood of ruinous
principles was batched in the bottomless pit.
For the sake, then, of consistency—for error
no less than trnth must preserve its consist-
ency if it wishes to perpetuate itself—these
principles must be still upheld. It would
never do to repudiate them, at least during
the present generation. Leave that to pos-
terity, if it mnst be done at all. What! after
spending four or five thousand millions of
money and sacrificing half a million men to
establish the right of the most ignorant and
degraded race on the face of the earth to all
the privileges of the most gifted and intelli-
gent, after that to turn about as coolly as
though not a cent had been expended and
not a life lost and own that it would have
been better for the country had " the man
and brother" never been invested with those
rights at all? Never! Rather than that, let
negroes vote; let the " heathen Chinee " vote;
let Comanches and Diggers vote; let Hot-
tentots and Bushmen vote, if fate ever brings
them to our shores; indeed, let everything
vote, provided it has the human form and no
tail, or at most so short a one as to prove
that in each particular case Darwin's alleged
transformation from the monkey has at least
begun. Let all such vote and hold office, for
we are fully committed to the principle on
•which the right is based. We cannot back
down now, ruinous as it is going to be to the
country and to civilization throughout the
world. Nay, even let women vote, though
by so doing we wreck the social and, as a
necessary consequence, the political and reli-
gious institutions of the nation, and all go
down to perdition together.
The Radical party during the war found it
easy enough to raise the devil, but now the
war is over he will not down maugre all they
can do. And the fact that he now stalks oyer
the field of recent victory in petticoat, with
cut-a-way jacket and flashy necktie, makes
him none the easier to lay.
Such is one of the reasons why the woman's
rights movement has gained such a sudden and
marvelous impetus. Another reason is, that
the demagogues of the country, who are always
on the look-out for the main chance, as soon
as they saw that the movement was rapidly
gaining strength from the cause above ex-
plained, became alarmed lest the strong fac-
tion should grow into a party formidable enough
to hold at some future day the balance of
power; and lest they, the said demagogues,
should be found opposing it in that dky of its
triumph, when wo betide them and all their
•chemes for the advancement of number one!
Whether or not the present proprietors of
Webster's famous dictionary are demagogues
I do not know ; but there are certainly strong
reasons for suspecting it. In that work the
word "preposterous " is thus defined: " con-
trary to nature and reason ; not adapted to the
end ; utterly and glaringly foolish ; unreason-
ably absurd ; perverted ; wrong." Now, while
these definitions are precisely the same in the
latest edition as they were in the older editions
of the work, the latter gave the following ex-
ample by way of illustration : " a government
conducted by women would be preposterous."
Where is that wholesome "example" now
which was doubtless placed there by the great
lexicographer—not as a quotation, but in his
own words—for the express purpose of trans-
mitting to remote posterity his honest opinion
of the enfranchisement of women? "Contrary
to nature and reason; utterly and glaringly
foolish; unreasonably absurd." What has
become of that withering rebilke of gyneoc-
racy ? Shade of the mighty! it has fled from
your immortal pages before the frown of indig-
nant woman.
I think it was De Tocqueville who foretold
that innovations touching the extension of
suffrage would always succeed in this country
by reason of the timidity of professional poli-
ticians. An ultra democratic government
tends to make time-servers of all such. A
demagogue's constant query—though no one
can hide it at times better than he behind the
mask of patriotism—would seem to be not
" What can I do for my country or my friends?''
but " What can I do for myself?" In other
words, " What will be the most popular course
to pursue, be it rightor wrong?" The conse-
quence is, as soon as a party begins to loom
up in his particular State or section in such
dimensions as to indicate a possibility of suc-
cess, he forthwith withdraws all opposition he
may have made and passively awaits events.
Nor does he wait long. Just so soon as he
feels pretty well assured the innovators are to
be triumphant be hastens so to demean him-
self before them and so shape his policy as to
secure their approbation, and if possible their
support: and this he will often do even by
repudiating, should it benecessary, every prin-
ciple which for years he has professed to hold,
and has avowed perhaps a thousand times to
his constituents.
Now, will the people—not the demagogues,
we have seen what they will do, but the people
who compose the mass of the now predomi-
nant party—after having indirectly and unin-
tentionally fostered the woman suffrage move-
ment iuto a formidable faction by supplying
it with the false principles above set forth, on
which it mainly thrives—will the people of
that party have the moral courage to oppose
the movement? 1 doubt it much ; for, though
by such opposition they would save the coun-
try any further danger from the operation of
those pernicious principles, they would, at
the same time, lay themselves open to a charge
of inconsistency so serious that it might
weaken their party, and late events have
proved the melancholy fact that when the
choice is between patriotism and party, the
choice redounds but little to the country's
honor or advantage.
Again, will the leaders and controllers of
the predominant party, even such as are not
demagogues, those who shape its course and
hold its destinies in their hands, will these
leaders, looking to the possibility of the
woman's rights faction holding at some not
distant day the balance of power, be willing
so to act as inevitably to incur their enmity?
Both these are questions which it is difficult
to answer, yet on which I think the future
welfare of this country in a great measure
depends. For if women are to enter the polit-
ical arena on an equality with men, it will be,
in my humble opinion, the first step toward
the ruin, not only of the country, but of society
and of Christianity as well.
The favorite argument of women for their
enfranchisement—for argument they persist in
calling it, though it is no argument at all, but a
mere hypothesis—is that if they be allowed
to have a voice in public affairs "the political
atmosphere will be soon purified of those cor-
ruptions" that are now a stench in the nostrils
of the nation, and all will be loveiy. This, in
fact, seems to be the foundation on which they
mainly rest the justice of their cause and their
hopes of success. It has been repeated so
often in their conventions and their journals
that it has come to be regarded, in many quar-
ters even outside of Amazonia, as an unassail-
able trueism. It is very important to my present
purpose, therefore, that the fallacy should be
exposed, and I shall venture to do so at con-
siderable length. In the first place, I shall
endeavor to ascertain how the admission of
women to a participation in public affairs ia
likely to work in the future by examining how
it has worked in the past. For this purpose I
will cite some events first from the history of
the pagan world, and afterward a few which
have occurred since the Christian era.
It must be kept constantly in mind that in
the olden time women could exert no influence
whatever in public affairs by virtue of any laws
in their favor. They were, by tacit though uni-
versal consent, excluded from participating in
any matters pertaining to government so far
as any right to do so was concerned. No one
ever thought for a moment of allowing them
to act openly in the political arena. And
whenever we find any woman directing affairs,
as we sometimes do, we may be sure that she
acted wholly by sufferance, and not by any
legal right which she possessed, except, indeed,
in very rare instances, where a woman suc-
ceeded to a throne as the only surviving heir.
The fact is, the enfranchisement of women, so
far as I can learn, was never seriously proposed
until the present day in any age or country.
The thing is wholly unprecedented, even on a
small scale. And here is the great danger.
It is proposed to try on millions at once an
experiment which has never been tested oi*
hundreds. It seems to me that the mere prop-
osition bears on its face enough of madness to
keep going for a hundred years all the bed-
lams in the country.
In Egypt and Persia, the two most civilized
monarchies of the remote period of which I
shall speak, the king's will was the only Jaw.
He had absolute control of every person aud
of all property. But, although possessing this
unlimited power, we find some of these kings,
sometimes from indolence, but oftener from
favoritism, wilting to intrust those about the
throne, both in and out of their immediate
families, with powers and prerogatives which
varied in importance as well as in duration,
according to the caprice of the sovereign.
Sometimes these vicarious powers would be
well-nigh absolute while they lasted; then
again they would be comparatively trivial.
Sometimes the trust would be reposed for
years; at other times it would be withdrawn
in as many days, or even hours. _ Now, here
was a most favorable state of things for the
women about the court to distinguish them-
selves in directing public affairs, provided
their aspirations ran in that hazardous line.
And we sometimes see, as I shall presently
show, the wife or daughters of a kiug govern-
ing the realm with sway well-nigh unlimited,
the throne and this power behind the throne
being, to ail intents and purposes, merged
iuto one.
In order to give full force to the facts.*'liieh
I shall produce, it must be borue in mind that
these women were by no means the ordinary
women of that age; they were the very best in
the land; mostly, iu fact, the daughters of
