2478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
petition of sundry merchants complaining, among
other things, of abuses under the act of March 2,
1867, especially in the issuing of seizure warrants on
the complaint of irresponsible persons. The peti-
tioners alleged that while respectable merchants
were subjected to annoyance and injury, the dis-
honest men, against whom the law was intended to
operate, usually found means, with the aid of such
irresponsible complainants, to make a compromise
to the disadvantage of the Government. The peti-
tioners therefore asked, as a measure of relief,
either that the law might be repealed, or that it
should be so amended as to require the collector to
unite in the application. The petition was stated
to have been signed by Messrs. Brown Brothers &
Co., Maitland, Phelps &Co., Howland &Aspinwall,
and one hundred and twenty-six other prominent
firms.
In reply to the letter of theSenate committee, and
after consultation with the Solicitor of the Treas-
ury, I recommended, in a letter addressed to
Hon. Lyman Trumbull, chairman, &c., January 13,
1871, the adoption of an amendment by which a cer-
tificate from the collector, to the effect that he be-
lieved the complaint to be true and that the proposed
examination was necessary, should be requisite as a
preliminary to the issuing of the warrant. A bill
was accordingly reported by the Judiciary Commit-
tee on the 18th February, 1871, and passed to a sec-
ond readiug.as appearsby thepublished proceedings
of the Senate, (Congressional Globe, third session
Forty-Kirst Congress, page 1381,) but apparently no
further action was had thereon.
Replying to the letter of your committee with
respect to the bill now before it, i have to state that
I approve of its general object, and consider iurther
legislation necessary in order to prevent abuses
which there is reason to believe may bo committed
undor the law as it now stands.
I am oi opinion, however, that it is preferable to
enact a new law, rather than amend the old one. I
have therefore caused to be prepared, with much
care, a bill "to regulate the seizure and examination
of invoices, books, and papers in customs revenue
cases," which is herewith submitted as a substitute
for the one in question and to take the place of the
existing law. It varies, however, from the amend*
ment proposed in tbe Senate by substituting in place
of tho collector tho district attorney as the olliccr
required, in the first instanco, to examine the com-
plaint before it is submitted ior tho action of the
judge, and provides for an alternative certificate
from the collector in case the district attorney
declines to concur.
This bill, which has the approval also of the Soli-
citor of the Treasury, has been framed with a view,
on the one hand, to retain within the control ot the
Government a patent remedial agent, and on the
other to surround it with such safeguards as shall
afford a reasonable guarantee against its abuse.
1 am, very respectfully,
GEO. S. BOUTWELL,
* Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. II. L. da.wks, Chairman Committee of W«ys
and Mean#, J/ouae oj lieprescntatwes.
KKPOJtTS Of PRINTING COMMITTEE,
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires the
attention of the House to a matter concerning
the rules of the House. He wishes the atten
tion, if he can get it, of every member now in
his scat.
Thegentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Beatty.] the
chairman of the Committee on Printing, on
the Uth of April reported the following bill,
which the Chair directs to be now read.
The Clerk read as follows:
A bill to provide for the distribution of public
documents.
Be it enncted by the Senate and Home of Represent-
ative* of the United St ate h of America in Conoresx
aismibk'd, That there shall be printed of the report
of the Commissioner of Agiiculture for 1871 two
hundred and Jiffy-live thousand extra copies, and
of the report of the Commissioner of Education
for tho same year fifty thousand copies: Provided,
That of tho volumes hereby authorized one thou-
sand copies of the report of the Commissioner
of Agriculture shall bo for the use of said Com-
missioner, and live hundred copies of the report
of the Commissioner of Education shall be for tho
use of said Commissioner, and the remainder, under
such regulations as the Postmaster General may
prescribe m accordance with the provisions of
this act, shall be divided equally among tho con-
gressional districts and Territories of the United
States; and the copies of said reports apportioned
to each district shall bo, fairly subdivided among
the several counties thereof, having due regard
to the population of <eaid counties, and the copies
so apportioned to each county shall be sent to the
postmaster of the county town of said county, and
be charged to said postmaster on the books of the
Post Office Department.
Sec. 2. That it shall be the duty of each postmas-
ter to whom these reports are sent to keep posted in
a conspicuous place in his efface a placard which
shall be furnished him by the Postmaster General,
on which shall be printed the title of all public doc-
uments said postmaster may receive for distribution,
and the price of same, which price shall be ascer-
tained by the Postmaster General, and shall be the
actual cost of paper, press-work, and binding, and
shall be printed on the title-page of each volume, •
and also on its outside wrapper. The postmasters
receiving said volumes shall furnish them at the
price so fixed to all persons who may apply for them,
and all moneys so received by the postmasters trom
the sales of books shall be accounted for to the Post-
master General, and be by him paid into the Treas-
ury of the United States.
Sec. 3. That the said postmasters shall be required
to make quarterly reports, on blanks to be furnished
by the Postmaster General, showing the number of
volumes sold and the number unsold, and should
the Postmaster General find that at any post office
the supply is in excess of the demand he may order
the transfer of such excess to other places where the
demand is in excess of the supply.
Sec. 4. That the Postmaster General is authorized
to allbw such additional compensation to each post-
master as the increased receipts of his office result-
ing from the sale of public documents may entitle
him to under existing law, and is hereby required
to make annually to -Congress a detailed report
showing the number of volumes sold in each county,
the total amount of receipts'from sales, and the
number of copies of each document on hand.
Sec. 5. Thatall public documents hereafterprinted
in excess of the usual number by order of the two
Houses of Congress shall show on the title-page of
each copy its price, which price shall exclude the
cost of composition, and shall cover, but not exceed,
the actual cost of paper, press-work, and binding;
and such a number ofsaidreportsas the two Houses
of Congress may by concurrent resolution specifically
direct shall be distributed, sold, and accounted for
in the same manner as prescribed in the foregoing
sections of this act for the distribution and sale ot
the reports on agriculture and education.
Skc. G. That each postmaster to whom public docu-
ments shall be forwarded for sale shall be responsi-
ble on his official bond for the faithful performance
of all the duties required of him by this act.
The SPEAKER. When this bill was re-
ported by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Beatty] who is chairman of the Committee
on Printing, authorized by the rules of the
House to report at any time, the point of
order was made by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Randali,] that the privileges
of the Printing Committee did not extend to
matters of general legislation of this kind;
and the Chair sustained the point of order.
The gentleman from Ohio did not concur with
the views of the Chair, and took occasion to
refer to the decision in a speech made in the
House on Saturday, in which he differs very
widely from the construction given to the rules
by the Chair. The joint Committee on Print-
ing, as now constituted, came into being in the
Thirtieth Congress, from legislation that was
agreed upon in the Twenty-Ninth Congress.
When the committee was appointed, as now
organized, it soon found itself at an inconven-
ience in the matter of making reports upon the
business of the House. Thereu]:>on a member
of the Committee on Printing, a very intelli-
gent and industrious member of the House,
Mr. Thomas J. Henley, a member from Indi-
ana, asked consent that a rule should be
adopted allowing the Committee on Printing to
have leave to report at any time. The reason
why Mr. Henley asked this will be explained
by an extract from his remarks which the
Chair directs t,o be read by the Clerk in the
hearing of the House.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Mr. Hbnley wished to obtain the ear of the
House for a moment, while he stated, in connec-
tion with this resolution, tho fact that all questions
referied to the Committee on Printing should be
reported on immediately after they were referred
and examined; if not, the consequence would fre-
quently be a great loss to the Government, for when
tho documents were submitted to the Hous>e, before
the committee had time to examine the question
of printing, the usual number were ordered, printed,
and before the committee had opportunity to report
tho composition might be dis tributed; and the con-
sequence was, when the Committee on Printing
afterward reported in favor of an extra number, the
House were obliged to pay for additional composi-
tion. What he proposed was that the House should
now adopt a rule, of which he had given previous
notice, similar to that which was in force with refer-
ence to the Committee on Enrolled Bills, and one
other committee, at least, that it should be in order
for the Committee on Printing to report at any time.
It would not interfere with the business of the House,
and would, as he had before said, save a large
amount of money which would otherwise be paid for
additional composition, when the matter had already
been taken down.''—Cungrensional Globe, volume
eighteen, page 318, February 17,1848.
The SPEAKER. It will be observed 
Mr. BEATTY. I would ask the Speaker 
t The SPEAKER. The Chair begs not to be
interrupted.
Mr. BEATTY. I want to know the volume
and page of the Globe.
The SPEAKER, That will appear in the
remarks of the Chair as they shall be printed
in the Globe. It will be observed that this
remark of Mr. Henley, which was the only
explanation given of the necessity for the rule,
relates to the convenience of the Printing
Committee with reference to the printing of
the House 5 and that for the convenience of
the House and -for economy of the public work
the committee should have the right to report
at any time, as the Committee on Enrolled
Bills have the right to report at any time.
That has been the undoubted right of the
committee. It is to the undoubted convenience
and advantage of the House that the Commit-
tee on Printing should have the right to report
at any time; just as for the necessity of legis-
lation the Committee on Enrolled Bills should
have the right to report at any time. And the
gentleman from Indiana, who introduced the
rule, likened the necessity to that of the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills.
Several years afterward, in 1860, when an
elaborate revision of the rules was made,
which led to the present Digest by the Journal
Clerk of the House of Representatives, the
House directed that the rules in regard to the
Committee on Printing and the Committee
on Enrolled Bills should be embraced in the
same rule; so that Rule 101 of the House
says that the Committee on Printing and the
Committee on Enrolled Bills have the right
to report at any time. On what? What is it
that the Committee on Enrolled Bills have
the right to report at any time? Why, on
enrolled bills. What is it that the Committee
on Printing have the right to report at any
time? Why, in regard to printing for the use
of the House; of necessity the rules confine it
to that.
It will be observed that both the Committee
on Enrolled Bills and the Committee on Print-
ing are called on the regular call of committees
for general legislation just as often as the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Commerce,
or any other important committee of the
House is called. And then, when so called',
any general legislation, such as the kind pro-
posed by the bill which the Chair has directed
to be read, is in order from that committee,
if it has been referred to it, and should be
confined to that call which is common to all
committees, and is enjoyed by the Committee
on Printing, as it is by all the other com-
mittees;
If, on the other hand, the privilege to report
at anytime should be construed by this House
in the sense contended for by the present chair-
man of the committee, then the House may
have bills embracing extraordinary legislation
precipitated upon it without the slightest no-
tice. The bill which the Chair has directed
to be read is one of that character. Of course
it is never the function of the Chair to discuss
the expediency of proposed legislation; but
he cannot refrain from directing the attention
of the House to the fact that the bill upon
which the gentleman made his point of the
right to report at any time is one which would
overturn the entire system of printing and
distribution of public documents. It proposes
to break up the long-established custom of
distributing them among the members, and
makes the Government Printing Office a vast
wholesale and retail printing establishment,
and every postmaster throughout the United
States an agent of sale for that establishment.
Now, the Chair does not undertake to say
whether such a change would be expedient or
not; but he is firmly convinced that it was
never within the contemplation of the rules
of the House that the right to report at any
time, which the committee haa and ought to
