1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3375
debarred because he happens to be in the em-
ploy of the Government.
The Senator asks me whether the officer's
pay should not be deducted. Certainly not,
because if be had not done some service, if he
had not had some claim founded in justice,
founded in law, the Court of Claims, which is
your own tribunal, will give him nothing.
The Senator said in the course of his re-
marks that the very reference to the Court of
Claims would call on them to give a verdict.
Certainly not. It is referred to them with
these very suggestions for the purpose of de-
termining that question. Let me read a line
or two from the bill:
That the claim of Madeleine Vinton Dahlgren,
widow of the hire Hear Admiral John A. Dahlgren,
and administratrix of the estate of said Rear Ad-
miral John A. Dahlgren, deceased, be referred to
the Court of Claims, which is hereby vested | t,h
jurisdiction, and whose duty it 3hall be to hear and
determine: first, whether said Admiral Dahlgren
was the original inventor of the Dahlgren gun-
That can do 110 harm—
and rifled projectiles, or either of them, as de-
scribed in his several patents; secondly, what
amount of compensation, if any, is his estate justly
entitled to receive for the use of his inventions and
patents as claimed, up to the time of adjudication.
££&&*£ sfc * * *
And in determining the amount of compensation
to be paid said estate for the use and transfer of the
said Dahlgren guns and rifled projectiles, the said
court shall, in connection with the evidence in. the
case, take into consideration the facts, if proved,
that, while the said Dahlgren was engaged in per-
fecting the inventions for which said patents were
granted, the said Dahlgren was in the service of the
United States as an officer of the Navy and that
while holding such office in the Navy, his time, ser-
vices, ;ind skill were due to the United States, and
that the expense of making experiments, trials, and
tests for the purpose of perfecting such inventions
was paid by the United States.
And either party may appeal to the Supreme
Court. I said when I first started that the
reason I called the attention of the Senator
from Illinois to this bill was that he objected
to anofher bill before the Senate to-night that
it was only the use that was granted, and I de-
sired to call his attention to the fact, and stated
it openly, that if this bill had been drawn to
meet the objection which the Senator from Illi-
nois made to the other bill, it could not have
been drawn more explicitly and clearly. Not
one dollar can ever go out of the Uuited States
Treasury into the hands of the widow of Ad-
miral Dahlgren unless the Court of Claims
pass upon the fact that she is entitled to it in
law, and then, sitting as they do to determine
facts as a jury, determine what they think the
proper amount is, and from that decision the
Government can appeal to the Supreme Court
of the United States.
Mr. LOGAN; I think I am not so much
mistaken. I think I have understood all the
time what I was saying; at least I understand
myself if the Senate does not. Congress make
the contract here with Mrs. Dahlgren ; it is
referred to the Court of Claims to ascertain
the amount. My objection was, as I said, that
the ordnance department had not asked to
purchase this patent. You yourselves force
the purchase upon the Government without
their asking it. Nobody has asked for it.
Mr. STOCKTON. I understand, and if I
am mistaken I hope the chairman of the com-
mittee or some other member of the commit-
tee will correct me, that there is no other gun
in use in the Navy. There are hundreds and
thousands of them in use to-day all over the
country, all over the world where ships float,
even to the little gun-boats, even to the boats
that go with small vessels. For gentlemen to
say that the ordnance department has not
asked that we shall appropriate anything when
we have the fact that they are using the gun and
all that is asked is that the Court of Claims
shall say whether she is entitled to any com-
pensation seems very singular. Will the Gov-
ernment of the United States take the position
with the Senator that th.ey will not let then-
own Court of Claims, after adopting an inven-
tion of this kind, after using it, after spread-
ing it throughout .the world, pass on the single
fact whether she is entitled to remuneration
or not? Oh, Mr. President, that is not right.
The Senate certainly do^s not understand this
case if it proposes so to act.
Mr. -MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President,
I take no very great interest in this matter,
and certainly I am not competent to say much
in regard to it any way. One thing has oc-
curred to me in listening to the remarks of
gentlemen on either side. I do not quite
agree with my honorable friend from Illinois
that because a man is in the employ of the
Government, and the Government is entitled
to his services in a particular wav, he may
not be entitled to the exercise of liis genius
outside of any duties which the Government
of the United States in such employment has
a right to demand of him. But at the same
time I do agree with the houorable Senator
from Illinois that it is worth while in a ques-
tion of this kind to exercise very great caution
to see that no more latitude is given in the
reference of such a question as this than
would be likely to produce absolute justice to
the party who presents the claim. This refer-
ence to the Court of Claims is in the nature
of a claim from Mrs. Dahlgren. I believe the
bill proceeds to declare that they are to
consider her claim. What is her claim for?
If she has a claim, what is it for? It is for
the use of the gun patented by her late hus-
band.
But it will be observed that there is accom-
panying that claim for use another proposition,
and that is the value of the patent to the end
of its duration. That is not in connection
with the claim, as I consider. It may be that
we are perfectly willing and that it is perfectly
just that she should have from the Government
the value of the claim for the use which the
Government has had of this arm in the public
service, and I am very strongly impressed with
the idea that that is right; but whether we are
willing to submit to the court, as the honorable
Senator from Illinois suggests, the other ques-
tion of purchasing the patent and having the
right to the patent transferred to us, or not,
seems to me to be another question.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will my friend from
Maine allow me to ask a question? This bill
is based upon the idea that the Government
will continue to use the Dahlgren gun. That
is assumed as a fact, if there were any doubt
about it, there might be a question whether
we ought to buy the patent; but it is assumed
as a matter of course that the Government
having used the Dahlgren gun, and using it
now, and in all probability will use it daring
the residue ot the patent, the Government, if
it takes it at all, ought to take it so as to have
a complete use, because from this time for-
ward Mrs. Dahlgren undoubtedly will have a
just claim upon the Government for the use
of this patent. Dahlgren is dead and^ is no
longer in the pay of the United btates. I here-
fore if the Government of the United States
use this gun now, clearly, as in favor of Mrs.
Dahlgren, she has a perfect right to demand
pay from the Government for the use ot this
invention, because the use of Dahlgren s in-
vention by the Government could not extend
longer than his employ in the service of the
Government by any possibility. I fie Gov-
ernment is in use daily of this property, rec-
ognized as property by the Government itself,
in violation of her rights. The Government
ought to pay her for that use.
Mr. MORIULL, of Maine. It may not be
at all improbable that the Government will
continue to use it; and if the Government
should so continue to use it, then, of course,
just in proportion as the Government should
exercise that right of use over this instrument
she would have a further claim. But this prop-
osition proceeds upon the submission ot <i
question to the Court of Claims in the nature
of a claim. It is incongruous itself to say that
you will connect with that question of a claim
for the use of an instrument a proposition for
the purchase—for that is what it is—how much
shall the Government of the United States
pay for the use of this arm, and how much
will the court determine they shall pay for
the purchase of the thing itself? 1 rose, there-
fore, to suggest to the Senator from New
Jersey whether it would not answer the ob-
ject he has in view, and that llie committee
has in view, to strike out all after the word
"claim," in the thirteenth line,to Ihe end of
the first page. It will be seen that the prop-
osition then submitted will be simply what,
if anything, Admiral Duhlgren's estate ia
entitled to for the use by the Government ot'
this arm in the public service, leaving out the
question of the purchase of the patent, and
the transfer of it to the Government. I do
not know whether the Senator from New
Jersey will accept that.
Mr. STOCKTON. I was just going to say
that I have no objection to it at all, but that
is exactly the difficulty which the Senator
from Illinois, as I understood him, found fault
with. That did not exist in the bill, and does
not exist without this amendment. Let him
correct me if I am wrong. It reads now,
"what amount of compensation, if any, is
his estate justly entitled to receive for the use
of his invention and patent as claimed up 10
the time of adjudication." You stop there
and do n^t provide "lor a full and entire
transfer of his several patents to the United
States." You propose that the Court of
Claims shall pay a certain sum for the use
up to the present time, leaving the patent-
right still in the widow or the administrator.
If I understood the Senator from Illinois, he
objects to paying for the use of it.
Mr. LOGAN. That does not affect the
judgment of the Senate. They can put in
the bill what they please.
Mr. MORRILL of Maine. But it relieves
one objection that the Senator from Illinois
raised, and that was that we were referring the
question of the purchase of a patent to the
Court of Claims, and which struck me with
force.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall detain the Senate
but a moment in regard to this matter. 1 con-
fess my interest in the passage of this claim,
first, from my long acquaintance with Admi-
ral Dahlgren and my very high regard for him,
but chiefly from my longer acquaintance with
his widow, who is entitled to the benefit of this
provision, and also his family. When the bill
was oiiginally introduced proposing to give a
large sum in gross for the benelit of Mrs.
Dahlgren for this claim I thought that bill
was wrong in principle. I thought Congress
could hardly treat this in the nalure of a
gratuity to be given to her or Admiral Dahl-
gren's estate; that Congress was not the proper
tribunal to lix the value of this property right.
Therefore, when the bill assumed this form,
setting out the precise relations of Admiral
Dahlgren to the Government and the use by
Ihe Government of his property, I believed
that it was in a form that no one could object
to who studied the question.
Now, that Admiral Dahlgren had a property
right iu the use of his invention, I think no
one can call in question. I never heard it
called in question until the Senator from Illi-
nois called it in question. When the Govern-
ment grants a patent it recognizes an existing
property right in the patentee for a certain
invention, and the Government has no morq
right to appropriate that right than any in-
dividual has. Admiral Dahlgren stood pre-
cisely as if he were at the head of some great
manufacturing concern employed for so m^'h
a year to manage that concern. If, in addi-
tion to the management of that concern, he
invented a machine to increase the profits of
the concern, as a matter ot course the firm
would be compelled to pay hi in, in any tribunal,
for the value of that invention if they used
that improvement. That is precisely the con-
dition of Admiral Dahlgren.
