1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
635
42d Cosq 2D SBSS.
Woman Suffrage—Mr. Archer.
Ho. op Reps.
lay a fiend at her heart, mostly slumbering,
often torpid, and at times apparently dead—
the insatiable fiend of policy—ever ready to
Btart up at her bidding, and, at whatever cost,
sweep every obstacle from her path of ambi-
tion, scrupling not to call to aid hypocrisy,
murder, and the blackest treachery. She was
a politician, as well as a "free lover." from
the heart out. She began in the seventeenth
year of her age by trading off her virtue to
Julius Ctesar for the crown of Egypt. After
Ciesar'a di-ath she offered herself to the em-
braces of Mark Anthony for seven provinces
of the koinan empire, and so deeply was he
smitten that he scrupled not to comply with
her terras. She continued her favors with the
express stipulation that he would put to death
her sister Arsinoe, who she feared might some
day obstruct her ambitious way. No sooner,
however, did she find that Augustus was likely
to triumph in the civil war then raging for the
throne of the empire, than she resolved to
betray Antony to his competitor. Still pre-
tending to be Antony's ally, she ordered her
general, Seleueus, to give up to Augustus an
all-important town, and then, to clear herself
of treason to the indignant army and people,
she placed Seleucus's wife and children in
Antony's hands, that he might put them to
death. And when the final battle was about
to be joined she ordered her admiral to strike
his flag to Augustus without resistance, and
not until now, when too late, were the love-
blind Antony's eyes opened to her perfidy.
Siie next, tried to buy from the now tri-
umphant Augustus the throne of Egypt, at the
same price she had paid Julius Cassar for it
some twenty years before, with her several
previous acts of treachery to Antony thrown
in. By that time, however, too many charms
had perished from her person to enable her to
purchase thrones. Seeing that this, her last
card, was not high enough to win the great
game she played for, she next set herself
about learning what poisons would produce
the easiest death ; and it must be owned that
she pursued these interesting investigations
with a delicacy of feeling quite in harmony
with her previous career ot ''purification.'1
She cau=e.i a great variety of poisonous potions
to be mixed, and. everyday, ordered criminals
who were undersentence of death to be brought
before her and dosed, that she might witness
the diverse effects produced. After a long
series of agonizing experiments, day after day,
which could not have been very entertaining,
one would suppose, to anybody but a woman
who had lived within the political arena, she
chose the poison of the aap; and, as is well
known to the world, died by the bite of one
as soon as she learned she was to march
through Rome behind Augustus's triumphal
Car along with other royai captives.
As 1 have before stated, the women of Greece
were not allowed to appear in any kind of pub-
lic gathering or to take any share whatever in
government : and as there were no courts in
the various republics composing that country,
the women remained at home—whether will-
ingly or not we do not learn—and attended
solely to domestic affairs. The same was true
of the women of liome for the first seven hun-
dred years of her existence. No sooner, how-
ever, was the empire established than women
began to figure at court and participate in po-
litical intrigue. I shall not tarry to depict
what, manner of women they were. Their
innumerable infamies, made up of murder,
incest, adultery, and all abominations, com-
mitted almost universally with the view of ad-
vancing their own power and importance in the
State, are too hideously well-known to ail in-
telligent moderns to require that 1 should por-
tray them, even were I equal to the disgusting
task.
I do not intend to maintain that tie public
men of ancient times, whether of Rome, or
of Persia, or of Egypt, or of Greece, (when
Greece had kings and courts.) were any better
than the public women. But when we consider
the wickedness of the comparatively small
number of women who are mentioned in his-
tory as aspiring to the direction of affairs, I
have not the least hesitation ia asserting that
the men, if no better, were certainly no
worse, and this for the simple reason that they
could not possibly have been worse. A fiend
just out of the bottomless pit, with all the
latest improvements in diabolism at his finger
ends, could not have advanced those women a
single step in their infernal art.
I have thus given a few examples of the
career of public women of old. Nor have I
selected the worst for effect. i could give many
more not a whit less revolting. Now, in the
face of all this, is it at all likely that the presence
of women on the stage of ancient polities
tended to "purify the political atmosphere?"
It may be asked if the above are fair speci-
mens of all the women of the olden time. By
no means; they are fair specimens of public
women only. There were, thank Heaven, mil-
lions of women—history names many of them,
and doesthem all honor—justas therearenow,
who stayed at home and attended to their
proper duties, the angels of the household,
the trainers of the children who were to com-
pose the future generation, the soothers and
consolers of the men who toiled and fought
for them. Such women, on the other hand, as
made themselves conspicuous in public affairs
were either those who had always been half
unsexed from their birth—a condition which
would naturally prompt them .to enter the
arena of political strife—or such as were true
women at first, but having been drawn into
the boisterous vortex by uncontrollable events,
were soon corrupted and ruined both soul
and body.
But those ancient women, it will be an-
swered, whose examples I have cited were
pagans ; they had not the inestimable advan-
tages of Christianity. I need not reply to this
just here further than to say that women when
they keep within their proper sphere are
always morally far superior to men, whatever
may be the prevailing religion. And that the
public women of those ancient days were at
all superior to the men is certainly not borne
out by the evidence just given.
Bat, not to leave in doubt the important-
question whether or not the religion of the
cross fits women for " purifying the political
atmosphere," I will go onto cite a few acts of
public women who have had all the advantage
of the Christian dispensation. Nor will I
select for this purpose such as would supply the
strongest proof ot my position. I wul omit
entirely the long catalogue of infamous pub-
lic women who for centuries cursed Spam,
Italy, and other countries of Europe with
such exhibitions of depravity as even at this
distent day make the blood of the reader cur-
dle with horror. I shall instance those only
of France and England, at a time, too, when
Christianity, had been a thousand years within
their borders and had shed its benign influence
into almost every home and upon well-nigh
every heart. I select them because they are
the two countries with which, of all the world,
we feel the closest connection—with the one
by ties of blood, with the other hy the precious
associations of patriotism. They are. more-
over, coutitrn'S which were at the time of
which I shall speak far ahead of all others in po-
liteness, enlightenment, and scientific advance-
ment, and laM, tiiouah not least, in humanity
of feeling. Nor will I avail raj self of such
works as give the datkest picuresor' i he events
to be treated of here, but will confine my re-
marks entirely to the work which chanced to
come first to hand, liussell'g History of Modera
Europe. Though we may not expect *o sup
quite so full of horrors here as in ancient
history, we shall find ample proof that women
are altogether unfit to "purifv the foul air of
polities," nay, that they but pollute themselves
by the contact.
Isabella, wife of Edward II of England, was
sent by her husband to France to make a
treaty with her brother, King Charles. There
she met with a good-looking Welshman named
Mortimer, exiled for treason against her •' lord
and master." He so far gained on her that
after "free loving" with him in a very scan-
dalous fashion she joined him in a conspiracy
against Edward. To be brief, they landed in
England, Edward was captured, and after
being kept for some time in a horrible prison,
the adulterous pair meanwhile occupying the
throne, he was by their order put to death in
a manner too atrocious and revolting to admit
of description here.
Queen Joan, daughter of Robert of Anjoa,
caused her husband to be strangled that she
mightenjoy supreme control, and then married
the man whom she had instigated to do the
deed.
"Bloody Mary," as is well known, employed
fire mainly for extending her power and "puri-
fying" her realm. Religion, to be sure, had
something to do with her policy, but, after all
said and done, unhallowed ambition was the
chief incentive. Persons of all ages and con-
ditions and of both sexes were committed to
the flames. During her short reigu of five
years nearly three hundred prominent citizens
of England were brought to the stake. And
what was infinitely worse, a so-called Christian
woman and queen kindled and kept alive the
fires that made the air of England rank with
the infernal roast!
Next in order is Mary of Guise, queen-regent
of Scotland, whose favorite maxim was, " The
promises of princes ought not to be too care-
fully remembered, nor the performance of
them exacted unless it suits their conven-
ience." This maxim she invariably followed.
It is certainly a good one on which to base
"purification."
The famous Mary, Queen of Seo's, wife of
Lord Daraley, after living in adultery for
awhile with the Earl of Bothwell, resolved to
marry him. Accordingly, she poisoned her
lawful husband, but he lingered, and lest he
should recover, she placed him in a building
separate from her palace, and caused him
to be blown off with gunpowder. Whiie held
in captivity by Eiizaoeth. she entered into a
conspiracy, uot only against that queen, bat
against ber own son James, and against the
English to which she was heir. By ttiis con-
spiracy the throne of England was to be trans-
ferred to the king of Spain. James was to be
seized and dehveied into the hands of the Pope,
or of the Spanish king, never to be liberated
unttl he should change his religion. For this
conspiracy he was tded and brought to the
block, though at the time there was not suffi-
cient evidence for her legal eonvictiou. After
her death, however, abundant evidence ot her
guilt was brought to light.
On the deatii of Francis II. king of France,
his mother, Catharine of Medieis, was ap-
pointed guardian to his successor^ her son,
Charles IX, then only ten years of age, and
wns invested with the administration of the
realm, i'he reign of this prince was by no
means a long one, and yet during that time
more atrocities atid treacheries of various
kinds w^re committed by royal authority titan
daring the reign of any other E ir^p^an sov-
ereign. It is universally conceded that Cath-
arine. his mother, had far more to do with
the concoction and perpetrution of these in-
famous acts than the young king himself, bad
as he was ; and that she trained hint from
tile very cradle for her base aod wicked par-
