1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2479
have upon matters of printing, should be con-
strued as embracing a measure of that kind,
so that it could be reported at any time and
instant action had upon it. For the House,
will further observe that the specific language
of the rule is that the right of the committee
to report at any time carries with it the right
of the House to consider the measure when
reported. Hence, should the construction
conteudcd for be maintained, it would give
the Committee on Printing the right to inter-
rupt and obstruct the business of the House
with measures of general legislation, whereas
Mr. Henley, who introduced the rule, stated
in the remarks which the Chair directed to be
read that the privilege asked for the commit-
ted was on<- limited in its nature, like that of
the Committee on Enrolled Bills, and would
not interfere with the business of the House.
Gentlemen of the House will please observe
one other great abuse to which such a con-
struction might lead. The rules are necessa-
rily for the protection of minorities. It being
established by many parliamentary decisions
that a committee has the right to report back
at some time whatever may be referred to it,
and it being further established that the House
qan by a majority vote refer any bill on Mon-
day morning, it will be seen that any bill
belonging of right to the Committee on Com-
merce, or the Committee on the Judiciary, or
the Committee on Military Affairs, or the
Committee on Naval Affairs, or the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, might by a majority
vote be referred to the Committee on Print-
ing; and if that committee have tbe right to
report such legislation at any time, they may
thrust in upon the House the next day, as soon
as the Journal is read, a matter wholly dis-
connected with printing, wholly apart from
their legitimate duties—in no manner or shape
relating to the legitimate functions of that
committee.
Inasmuch as the chairman of the committee
conceived that the functions and rights of that
committee were interfered with by the decision
of the Chair upon the point of order raised
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, the Chair
has felt it right that the House should have its
attention called to the matter; because, if the
ruling of the Chair be wrong, it should be set
right, and if the decision of the Chair be
correct, the House should so affirm.
The gentleman from Ohio quoted in his
speech two decisions upon this point—one by
ex-Speaker Cobb, and one by ex-Speaker Win-
throp—which sustain his view by declaring that
no point can be raised upon a matter referred
to the committee; that, as the rules give such
unlimited scope, it is not for the Chair to pre-
scribe a limit. The Chair is quite aware that
in the position he takes he differs with both
those eminent predecessors.
' Mr. BBATTY. Will the Chair permit
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs not to
be interrupted. It is by no means uncom-
mon that the occupant of the Chair is called
on by the varying developments of the busi-
ness of the House to make a different ruling
from that which has been made at some pe-
riod long anterior. Tbe Chair has taken that
responsibility heretofore on more than one
occasion. Such cases present merely a differ-
ence of judgment, to be determined ultimately
by the House, whose will and ruling must, of
course, govern the Chair.
But when the gentleman from Ohio under-
takes to state, as be has, that the present occu-
pant of the Chair has made a ruling entirely
different from the present, the Chair must
answer him. As an instance in which, as the
gentleman contends, the Chair maintained a
position inconsistent with that which heis now
urgiusr, tbe gentleman presented in his speech
extracts troin the Globe which will be read by
the Clerk. The first is from page 3118 of the
Globe of the second session of the Forty-
First Congress."
The Clerk read as follows:
. u Tributes to Abraham Lincoln.
" Mr. Laflin, from the Committee on Printing,
reported back, with an amendment, a joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 77) authorizing the distribution of
the copies remaining in the Department of State of
the Tributes of the Nations to Abraham Lincoln.
"Mr. Scofield. Is that a privileged report? It
does not relate to printing-, but to the distribution
of donations to members. Is the committee author-
ized to report at any time anything except bills and
resolutions for printing?
" The Speaker. This resolution was referred to
the committee, and the rule states that the Commit-
tee on Printing is authorized to report at any time.
It is for the House to say what they will do with the
report, but the Chair is unable under the rules to
prescribe what they shall report."
The SPEAKER. The other extract, which
the Clerk will now read, has reference to the
late action of the House upon matters con-
nected with the Congressional Globe, and will
be found on page 1330 of the Congressional
Globe for the present session.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Mr. Beatty. I ask that Wednesday of next
week be assigned for the consideration ot' this bill.
" Mr. Garfield, of Ohio. Will my colleague [Mr.
Beatty] indicate some limit of time? Can he not
liinitthe consideration of this bill to the day he has
named ?
" The Speaker. The Chair would suggest, as this
bill is now m the hands of a committee authorized
to report at any time, it had better be held in pos-
session of the committee until an opportuRe moment
occurs, because they would lose rather than gain
control of it by having it assigned iu the House to
any particular day.1'
The SPEAKER. As to these two cases the
Chair will say that were they before the House
now, he would rule precisely as he did then.
The first case related to the distribution of
public documents which had been printed by
the Public Printer. Distribution is so inti-
mately connected with public printing that it
is generally embodied in the resolution author-
izing the printing. It is generally provided
that so many copies of the document in ques-
tion shall be for this or that Department, so
many for the Senate, so many for the House,
&c. That was entirely in accordance with the
decision which the Chair is now making, and
will be so ruled again.
In regard to the second instance, which is in
relation to the bill for printing the congres-
sional debates in the columns of the Globe,
of course it is so palpable and so plain that
that fell within the scope of the Chair's decis-
ion, he has only to call attention to it to re-
affirm bis decision. A bill in relation to print-
ing the debates in the columns of the Globe
would of course come strictly and directly
within the ruling of the Chair, because it relates
to the every-day convenience of the House, on
which, if on anything at all, tbe Committee on
Printing would be allowed to report to the
House at any time.
Both of these decisions of the Chair are such
as he would reaffirm as coming within the
scope of the reasoning he has endeavored thus
hurriedly to submit to the House. He desires
in some form, as he has conversed with his
associates on the Committee on Rules and with
an eminent predecessor in the position he now
occupies [Mr. Banks] in regard to it, some
action of the House on the point. He is so
entirely clear himself, that in his own mind
there is no doubt; but he submits to the
superior judgment of the House, whfch must
prevail as to the ultimate construction.
Mr. BEATTY. May I be allowed to say a
word ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no objec-
tion.
Mr. DAWES. How long does the gentle-
man want?
Mr. BBATTY. Not more than ten minutes.
I do not propose to occupy much time. Now,
if I understand the Chair correctly in the con-
struction of this rule to which reference has
been made, we are to be governed by the opin-
ion of the gentleman who introduced the rule,
and not by the rule itself. It seems to me
when a simple rule is agreed upon for the gov-
ernment of any committee in this House
Mr. ELDREDGE. There is so much con-
fusion in the House that we cannot hear what
is being said by the gentleman from Ohio.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hopes the
House will give the same attention to the
gentleman from Ohio which it so kindly gave
to himself.
Mr. ELDREDGE. There Is so much dis-
order that we cannot hear what is being said,
and it is too important a question to be de-
cided without our knowing ail about it.
The SPEAKER called the House to order,
and requested members to resume their seats.
Mr. BEATTY. What I desire to say, Mr.
Speaker, is this: that the rule itself should
govern and not the opinion of the gentleman
who introduced the rule. Now, in the dis-
charge of my duties as a member of this House,
I found the rules gave,the committee to which
I belong the right to report at anytime. The
rule was couched in plain and unmistakable
English. It was not susceptible of two con-
structions. The words were short, simple,
and easily understood. I flattered myself,
therefore, that I knew what they meant, and
perhaps I congratulated myself that, dull -as I
was, there was one thing I did know. My
committee authorized me to report a bill, one
which contemplates the ultimate reduction of
the expenses of the Government to the extent
of $500,000 a year; and the merits of that bill
I am ready to discuss with the Speaker or any
one else whenever it is introduced. I determ-
ined for once to insist on the privileges ac-
corded to my committee, and succeeded in
getting the eye of the Speaker. Some mem-
ber objected, and I found that leave to report
at any time meant that the Printing Commit-
tee i3 privileged to report resolutions to waste
the public money, but not to report resolutions
to save the public money, and that the rule
which says the Printing Committee shall have
leave to report at any time means they shall
not be permitted to report an honest resolu-
tion at all.
The upshot of the whole matter is that the
rules of the House afford no protection,_ no
facilities to one who desires to proceed in a
quiet, business-like way to the transaction of
the public business, and put no restraints'what-
ever on those who do not. If a plain, simple
rule like that under which the Printing Com-
mittee acts can be construed to mean just the
reverse of what it says, language is a cheat
and parliamentary law a myth. The idea that
a man must search through two hundred and
forty thousand columns of the Congressional
Globe to ascertain the meaning of one short
sentence composed of fifteen simple English
words is too ridiculously absurd for even a
believer in Baron Munchausen.
If a knowledge of parliamentary law now
requires such herculean labor as this, you
would save time, money, and bitterest agony
of soul by making a bonfire of your parlia-
mentary history and starting afresh, with rules
so plain that they could not be misunderstood,
anil then applying them so rigidly that no dis-
tracting and conflicting precedents could rise
up to say that in such and such cases white is
white, but that in all other eases white is
invariably black.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to say a few words
on this question. I quite understand that the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Beatty] might
naturally mistake the powers of the Commit
tee on Printing on reading the rule to which
he refers. But he will see, if he will louk at
the spirit of-the rule, that it does limit him in
the degree which the Chair has stated, fhe
rule is that the Committee on the Printing of
the House shall have leave to report at any
time. The words "the House" are not in-
serted in the rule; but that is the spirit of the
rule. The Committee on the Printing of the
House shall have authority to report at any
time. The reason of that, is that, it concerns
the privileges of the House. If we are called
upon to act upon an important recommenda-
