1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4271
Mr. ALCORN. I offer a substitute for the
amendment of the Senator from Illinois. I
wish to state that this is substantially the
amendment that was offered by the Senator
from Vermont. I was in favor of accepting
his at the time, deeming it proper, and I de-
sire now to offer the amendment which he
offered, in another form. It is to strike out
all after the word "provided " and to insert:
That before any payment shall be made under
this section satisfactory evidence shall be furnished
that the service has been performed, and that no
compensation has been received or contracted to be
received from any source other than the Govern-
ment, of the United States for such service.
Mr. ROBERTSON. This is a very simplp
question, to my mind. The substitute offered
by my friend from Mississippi seems to me to
cover all the ground that is desired to be cov-
ered by both sides of the House. The ques-
tion is just this: the Government of the Uni-
ted States employed certain parties in the
South to perform certain contracts. Those
contracts were performed in good faith. Now,
will the Government pay what is due on those
contracts which have been performed by the
parties? That is the question in a nutshell.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
state that this proposition is not by any means
the proposition presented by me. I proposed
that they should not only not receive pay where
they had been paid, but where any party had
assumed to pay them, whether that party had
actually paid them or not, and without any
specific contract beyond the promise to pay.
Mr. ROBERTSON. It has never appeared
that these parties accepted the promise.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This substitute does
not meet the point of the amendment I offered.
It is of a different character. The amendment
that I offered is simply this: it prohibits pay-
ment to contractors for carrying mails for the
rebel government. Now, is it possible that this
Senate wants to pay contractors for carrying
mails for the rebel government?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly uot.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is part of my amend-
ment. It has another clause to it, which is not
to pay disloyal persons for the time of their
disloyalty. You pay disloyal persons for carry-
ing the mail which they carried before they
were in the rebel service. Does anybody want
to pay rebels for carrying the mail while they
were in the rebel service? If not how can any
one vote against the amendment I have pro-
posed? I move to lay on the table the sub-
. stitute offered by the Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator from Mis-
sissippi will add that as an additional amend-
ment, I will vote for it, but not as a substitute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Themotion
is to lay on the table; which is not debatable.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 18, noes 21.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 19 : as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Boreman, Buckingham. Chandler,
Cote, Colliding, Cragin, Edmunds, Erelinehuysen,
Harlan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Scott, Sherman,
Spr.igue, Tipton, Trumbull, and Wilson—21.
NAYlS—Messrs. Alcorn. Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Davis of West Virginia, Flanagan, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Kelly, Nor-
wood, fool. Ransom,Robertson,Saulsbury, Sawyer,
Thurman, Vickers, and West—19.
ABSENT —Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Biyard,
Bruvvniuvv, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter„Clayton,
Corbett, Davis of Kentucky, denton, Ferry of Con-
necticut, Ferry of Michigan, Gilbert, Goldtbwaite,
Hamlin, Hitchcock, Howe, Johnston, Kellogg,
Lewis, Logan, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Patterson,
Schurz, Snencer, Stevenson, Stewart. Stockton,
Sumner, Wu:dom, and Wright—34.
So the amendment to the amendment was
laid on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion retuvs on agreeing to the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
TBUMBCLL.]
Mr. ROBERTSON. Let that amendment
be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
That to entitle a person to payment for services
rendered under the provisions of this section, the
services must have been rendered while the mail
route and post offices thereon were under the actual
control of the United States, and by a person who
at the time was loyal to the United states.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to inquire
for information really what is the intention or
view of this as to the mode of ascertaining the
loyalty of a person 1 I do not inquire merely
as to from which side the proof is to come,
but in what way it is to be ascertained.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I can only say that in
offering the amendment I had in view, the
fact that '• loyalty " is a word which has had
a judicial construction. That is the same term
that we have in the statutes in regard to the
proof required in the Court of Claims. Isup-
pose the Postmaster General must satisfy him-
self. This is to be settled by the Postmaster
General. It is difficult to define what the
proof is to be, but he must be satisfied of
these two facts before he makes the payment,
namely, that the service was performed on a
route which at the time was under the control
of the authorities of the United States, and
that the person who performed the service
was loyal to the United States during the time
he performed the service. That is my under-
standing.
Mr. CONKLING. I asked solely for in-
formation, and I did not make myself entirely
understood by the Senator; and therefore 1
ask again does the Senator hold that the person
presenting the claim should make this proof?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is my view.
Mr. CONKLING. The onus would be on
him ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It would be. He must
satisfy the Postmaster General before the
Department pays him.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest to the Sen-
ator whether he had not belter look at his
amendment and vary it a little. I think, if he
will look at it, he will find that it requires a
little change of the terms to imply that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it carries that
understanding.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I shall vote against
the proposition simply because it contains the
word "loyal." I think the time has come
when we should omit from our statutes this
continued reference to the war we had in this
country a few years ago.' Under that term
"loyalty" many men have been rewarded
for services performed, and many worthy men
have been exclude^ because somebody said
they were disloyal. At one time it was loy-
alty to fall down and worship the Republican
party, and it was disloyalty to vote the Dem-
ocratic ticket. It is time we had done away
with all such terms in the statutes of this
country.
Mr. I'RUMBULL. I wish to say to the
Senator from Delaware that I am quite will-
ing, so far as 1 am concerned, to use any other
word that expresses the idea. I do not want,
arid I do not think the Senator from Delaware
means, to pay persons for services that were
rendered to the rebel government in carrying
the mail. If he will find a word that will
express the idea better, it will be just as
acceptable to me. I do not think the Sen-
ator from Delaware means to pay anybody for
carrying the mails in the confederate States
while those mails were carried for the con-
federate authorities there. I do not think he
means that the United States should pay for
that.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not mean that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then if he will find
another word I will adopt it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will tell the Senator
what I mean. I mean that if the Government
of the United States made a contract with any
individual on the face of the earth, whether he
be white or whether he be black, whether he
belonged to the confederate States or belonged
to the northern States, and he performed the
contract faithfully on his part^ common honesty
requires that he should be paid, no matter what
his sentiments wer-e. If you exclude him ftom
payment, notwithstanding he had a contract
to perform the service, and notwithstanding be
did perform the service, by setting up as the
criterion and test of the right to payment this
term " loyalty,'' you are not doing right. I
say I do not care whom I contract wiih to per-
form a service for me, I do not care bow big a
scoundrel, how ordinary and mean he may be
in the face of all mankind, if I have contacted
with him and lie has faithfully kept his con-
tract, 1 am morally and legally bouud to pay
him. So of this Government.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator from Dela-
ware allow me to ask a question ? As a law-
yer is not the Senator from Delaware aware
that where he has a servant in his employmout
and that servant steals from him, commits a
larceny of his property, the law exempts him
from paying such servant?
Mr. SAULSBURY. The Senator from
Pennsylvania is too good a lawyer not to
know that the case he puts is not the case
which is now presented by the proposition of
the Senator from Illinois. The proposition
here, as I understand it, is this: that if a
man was disloyal, that is, if he did not love
the flag of this country, if he did not recog-
nize the Government of the United States as
the rightful Government over him, but was
seeking to throw off its allegiance, notwith-
standing he may have performed his contract,
then for the sentiment which the man enter-
tained. that he preferred a separation, you say
he shall not be paid even if he performed the
service. I say it matters not wtut the man's
sentiments were, it matters not what the feel-
ings of his heart were, if the Government, con-
tracted with hirti to perform a certain service
and he did perform it, common honesty re-
quires that he should be paid.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired.
Mr. THURMAN. I want to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Illinois to how the
section would read if his amendment should
be adopted, and also to how really unneces-
sary it is to adopt the amendment for the put-
pose that he apprehends might not otherwise
be accomplished by this section. He says,
and very truly, that no one is willing to pay
for carrying mails for the confederate govern-
ment. Certainly not. Nobody dreams of
any such thing; nor is it possible by any hu-
man ingenuity to make this section as it now
stands a provision lor any such payment, and
it is only necessary to listen to it as it now
stands to see that I am right. How does it
read ? I beg the Senator's attention :
That the sum of $250,000. or so much thereof as
may be necessary, is hereby appropriated to pay
unsettled claims against the Government of the
United States on account of services actually ren-
dered in carrying the mails of the United States
exclusively—
That is the amendment put in by the Sen-
ator from Indiana—
in the States lately in rebellion previous to the
31st day of May, A. IX1861.
In the first place there could be no claim
against the Government of the United Srates
for carrying mails for the confederate govern-
ment, and therefore this section of the bill
provides for no such thing. But in the second
place the amendment offered by the Senator
from Indiana and adopted, utterly excludes
any such idea, and requires that the service,
shall have been in carrying the mails of the
United States exclusively, and that no other
service shall be paid for. This amendment,
therefore, is unnecessary for the purpose that
the Senator from Illinois supposes it is wanted.
Then it requires that proof shall be made
that the contractor was loyal at the time the
service was performed, which is in direct con-
tradiction of the body of the section as it now
stands, for it reads, "without proof of loyalty
as prescribed by joint resolution approved
