3376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May .13,
But to come to the point, the honorable
Senator from Maine is willing to pay for the
use up to this time or to the death of Admiral
Dahlgren a certaiu sum, to be left to the Court
of Claims to determine; but the Government
of the United States is using, and will continue
to use in all human probability until the ex-
piration of the patent, the Dahlgren gun. We
know it is so. What gentleman here can deny
the equity and the right of Mrs. Dahlgren to
claim as the property, and indeed the only and
chief property of Admiral Dahlgren left to his
widow and his children, the property right in
this gun which the Government alone is using,
and which from the nature of the invention the
Government alone can use ?
Is it not better, therefore, that the Gov-
ernment should acquire this right, full and
complete, by the payment of some sum, and
thus end the controversy? Because unques-
tionably from the date of Admiral Dahlgren's
death no man would deny to his widow the
right to claim for the use of this invention of
his, and I do not think any lawyer would
deny the right of Admiral Dahlgren during
his life-time to appeal to the Government for
some compensation for the use of his inven-
tion. It seems to me the Court of Claims is
the proper tribuual to settle this question.
They would take into consideration all these
facts. They would treat it precisely as they
would a contract between private individuals,
or rather as the use by one individual of the
invention of another individual; and it seems
to ine they would make a just and equitable
award that would be satisfactory to the widow,
which must be satisfactory to her, and secure
to the Government of the United States the
undisputed use of this invention, and which I
think the Government of the United States
could pay with great propriety. It strikes me,
therefore, that the bill as it is framed here
and carefully drawn ought to pass.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to say one Word in
response to the Senator from Ohio. lie says
he does not think any lawyer will pretend that
Admiral Duhlgiuu was not entitled to pay for
the use of his patent 
Mr. SHERMAN. I say as between indi-
viduals. As against, the Government, aa a
matter of course, Admiral Dahlgren could
do nothing unless I he Government authorized
him to sue. 1 did say, or intended to say,
thai, as between individuals under like circum-
stances, no lawyer wouid deny that he was en-
titled to compensation.
Mr. LOGAN. Then I misunderstood the
Senator. As to his right to compensation, if
the ease were one between individuals, there
is no controversy between us. I was speaking,
and have been speaking all the time as to his
right to claim from the Uovernment, accord-
ing to the usage of the Government hereto-
fore.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 said if Admiral Dahl-
gren were employed by a private individual
under these circumstances, undoubtedly that
person would be compelled to pay him lor the
use of his invention ; but as against the Gov-
ernment, the Government has the power to
say it will not pay anybody. Nobody can sue
the Government, and it is a simple question
of power, not a question of right.
Mr. LOGAN. It is not only a question of
power, but it is a principle established by the
Government and acquiesced in by all inventors
in the employ of the Government up to this
time, and agreed to without any controversy
whatever.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Nye in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment
offered by the Senator from Maine.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not care
to divide the Senate on the question. I sug-
gested the amendment to the consideration of
the committee without desiring to di\ide the
Senate upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator withdraw the amendment?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir; I
withdraw it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and read the third time. .
Mr. LOGAN. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STOCKTON. If the Senator insists on
calling the yeas and nays, of course that is
simply preventing the bill from passing to-
night. It is manifest that there is no quorum
in the Senate, and has not been for a long
time. I appeal to him whether it would not
be proper to have a division first. If he pro-
poses to use it, lie has the power of preventing
the passage of the bill to-night.
. Mr. LOGAN. I am not using any power
at all. I believe it requires a quorum to pass a
bill. That is the law.
Mr. STOCKTON. That is the law; but
many bills are passed without a quorum.
Mr. LOGAN. I know many are ; but I
do not propose that this one shall be with my
knowledge of what has been done heretofore.
Mr. ALCORN. I was going to make a
motion which I think perhaps the hour will
justify, and that is, to adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us take a vole on
this bill, and then, if there is not a quorum
present, we shall have to adjourn as a matter
of course.
Mr ALCORN. I was instructed that there
was not a quorum present, and that was the
reason why I made the motion.
Mr. CRAG IN. There is evidently not a
quorum present, and I suggest that this bill
he laid aside, and lei us take up one or two
others that we may pass.
Mr. SHERMAN, it is too late. Let us
take a vote on this bill, and if there is no
quorum here, let us adjourn.
Mr. NORWOOD, i should like to inquire
of the Senator from New Jersey the necessity
of referring this matter to the Court of Olaims?
What peculiar facilities have they to determ-
ine the question that the Committee on Naval
Affairs have not? What information can they
derive that this committee cannot derive ? And
how are they better adapted to acquire that
information?
Mr. STOCKTON. It was to meet justsuch
exigencies that the Court of Claims was or-
ganized. It is impossible for a committee of
Congress to hear both sides, take all the testi-
mony, examine into these patents, and the
rights under them, and to act in fact in every
case of the multitudinous claims that come
before them. It was lound impracticable, and,
as business increased, impossible, lor commit-
tees to do justice to the suitors and justice to
the Government, and the Court of Claims, as I
had occasion to say a short time ago duriug
the debate on raising the salaries of the judges
of the Court of Claims, was established for
that veiy purpose. As I said on that occasion,
they bad one of the most delicate duties ever
intrusted to men to perform, to stand before
their Government protecting its honor and its
credit, and protecting it from repudiation, and
at the same time standing before the creditor
whose claim was an unjust one and adjudicat-
ing upon it against him. They were placed
there for that very purpose. It is a proper
tribunal for a case of this sort, and a much
better tribunal than a large body of this kind
to fix the exact amount.
If the Committee on Naval Affairs had
come in here and reported a bill to give to
Mrs. Dahlgren §50,000, or any other sum,
every Senator would have had some sugges-
tion to make as to the precise amount. It
is a question of unliquidated damages. It is
a matter that is not capable of direct and per-
fect ascertainment, it is an unascertained
debt, and the judgment of those gentlemen
whose specific duties aie to decide questions
of law and fact in reference to these claims
was considered in the formation of the court.
As I understand it, it has the very best means
of having this thing done honestly and prop-
erly between the Government and its credit-
ors, and all there is in this bill is simply giving
jurisdiction to the court, which it does not
have now in a case of this kind, to consider
the case. That is everything that is in the
bill except the limitations calling upon them
to consider also the position of Admiral
Dahlgren as an officer of the Navy.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will call the roll on the passage of the
bill.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Is there aquo;
rum present?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That can
onty be determined by the announcement of
the result of the vote. .
The result was announced—yeas 23, nays 7 ;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Casserly, Cole,
Cooper, Corbett, Cragin, Davis of West Virginia,
Ferry of Michigan. Flanagan, Howe, Kelly, Morrill
of Maine, Nye, Osborn, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Scott,
Sherman, Stevenson, Stockton, Trumbull, and Win-
do ra—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Caldwell, Hamil-
ton ot Texas, Harlan, Logan, and Pomeroy—7.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Blown low,
Buckinshaui, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Clay-
ton, Conklinff, Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds, Fen-
ton, Ferry of Connecticut, Frelmgliuysen, Gilbert,
Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Ilamtin, Hill,
Hitchcock, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of
Vermont, Morton. Norwood, Patterson, Pool, Pratt,
Ramsey, Ransom, Rice, Robertson, Schurz, Spenccr,
Sprague, Stewart, Sumner. Thurinan, Tipton, Vick-
ers, West, Wilson, and Wright—If.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I move that the
Senate adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
quorum voting. It is moved that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at ten
o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 13, 1872.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m.
Prayer by Rev. G. F. Stei.lino, of Harris-
burg, Pennsylvania.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order will be the call of the
Slates and Territories, beginning with the
State of Maine, for the introduction of bills
and joint resolutions for reference to their
appropriate committees, and not to be brought,
back by motions to reconsider. Under this
call memorials and resolutions of State and
territorial Legislatures are in order. The
morning hour now begins at fifteen minutes
past eleven o'clock.
WILLIAM M. HENRY.
Mr. TWICHELL introduced a bill (H.
Ii. No. 2714) for the relief of William M.
Henry ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
election of postmasters.
Mr. SEELEY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2715) providing for the election of postmas-
ters; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
fenian prisoners in canada.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS introduced a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 150) requesting the
President to intercede with the authorities of
the Dominion of Canada for the release of the
American citizens who are held as prisoners
for complicity in Fenian raids in Canada;
which was read afirstand second time, referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
