2480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
tion by the President of the United States, he
sends a message. We cannot act upon thatuntil
the message is printed, as well as the docu-
ments that may accompany the message. It
is for that reason that the rule gives this power
to the committee.
Mr. BEATTY. Let me ask the gentleman
if the rules say'so?
Mr. BANKS. I have no doubt the rule
would have said so if it had not been thought
that everybody understood it. It is necessary
in order to understand the recommendations
of the message that we should have the mes-
sage and document printed. Now, the law
says that these matters shall be referred to
the Committee on Printing. If we want an
extra number of copies printed, that is not
within the discretion of the House until it has
been so referred. And the law says that inas-
much as this refers to the privilege of the
House, the Committee on Printing shall have
authority to report to the House at any time.
That is the spirit of the rule.
Mr. Speaker, 1 am perfectly sure that no
predecessor of yours in the House has ever
made a ruling different from that. In the cases
that have been referred to there may have been
something in the nature of the bill that would
make it a question whether the committee had
a right to report or not, as in the case of the
proceedings of the different Governments in
regard to the assassination of President Lin-
coln. That matter having been referred to the
Committee on Punting, and the assassination
having occupied the attention of the Govern-
ment, and having been made a subject of con-
sideration in the House, the papers relating to
that subject might very naturally be considered
as affecting the privileges of the House, and it
was proper that the Committee on Printing
should report at any time on that matter,
although, of course, gentlemen on the floor
and the Chair might differ as to that.
The same may be said of the cases to which
the Chair has referred, on which decisions
were given by Speaker Cobb and Speaker
Winthrop. 1 do not know what those cases
were. Tiiey might have been of such a nature
as to give the committee the right to report at
any time, and they might not have been of
such a nature. But it was very proper lor the
Chair in this case to say that the rule was so
broad, and the case submitted so uncertain that
the House shon Id decide whether the committee
had the right or not. But on a question of
general legislation being referred to the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, or to the Committee
on Printing, or to the Committee of Elections,
or to the Committee on Appropriations, or to
the Committee of Ways and Means, which all
have the right to report at any time, it would
not be ruled by any Speaker that that gave
theui the right to report at anytime on a mat-
ter of general legislation. The right of these
committees to report at any time is only in
regard to that which concerns the privileges
of the House or touches its constitution, and
it is necessary in order that the House shall
accord those privileges that this power shall
be accorded to those committees.
Thu-i the Committee of Elections have the
authority to report at any time.
Mr. liliATXY. I beg the gentleman's par-
don. They have not that right.
Mr, BANKS. They have the right to report
at any time, but only on the right of a mem-
ber to his seat. The Committee on Rules
have the light to report at any time, but only
oil the rules or the order of business of the
House. The Committee on Printing have the
right to repoit at any time, but only m regard
to the printing of the House. The Committee
on Enrolled Bills has the right to report at any
time, but only on enrolled bills, bills that have
been enacted. The Committee on Appropria-
tions has the right to report at any time, but
only upon those matters of appropriation es-
tablished and fixed by law ; if by their report
they propose to change one of those items of
appropriation to the extent of one dollar, of
one dime, it is out of order by the rule of.the
House. The Committee of Ways and Means
formerly had the same right on the subject of
appropriations. Now, if those committees were
compelled to await their turns for six or seven
months, as the Committee on Foreign Affairs
and other committees have to wait, before
they could report upon the matters before
them touching the convenience and business
of the House, none of tbose matters could be
acted upon by the House in time, perhaps,
to accomplish what might be desired by the
House.
I can understand very well that the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Beatty] might mistake,
in perfect good faith, the meaning of the rule.
But I think that upon a further consideration
of the subject he will perceive that the spirit
of the rule, if not its language, is in accord-
ance with the decision of the Chair. As this
matter touches so many committees, and is
one of so much importance, I ask leave of
the House to submit a resolution upon this
subject.
Mr. BEATTY, Will the gentleman allow
me to have read in this connection the rul-
ings of Speaker Winthrop, Speaker Cobb, and
Speaker IJlaine?
Mr. BANKS. I have not examined the de-
cision of Speaker Winthrop, but at the time
he was acting as Speaker of the House bills
were not introduced as they are now. Peti-
tions were then introduced in open session, as
is now done iti the Senate, and were referred
to committees, and the action of committees
was generally based on petitions so introduced
and referred. Formerly there would be thirty
or forty bills introduced during a session, while
now from three to four thousand bills are in-
troduced in a single Congress. Formerly a
motion for leave to introduce a bill would be
debated for three or four weeks. Now, it is
impossible for members to understand what
bills go to a committee. The difference that
now exists in the mode of proceeding in the
House should betaken into consideration when
reference is made to the decision of Hon.
Mr. Winthrop. I submit the resolution which
I send to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Iteanhed, That the ruling of the Chair in the ease
now stated, upon the authority of tho Committee on
Printing to report at any tune, be, and hereby is,
sustained by the House.
Mr. STEVENSON. Is that resolution in
order ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. STEVENSON. Without unanimous
consent?
The SPEAKER. It is. The gentleman
might have objected at the first to the Chair
proceeding with this matter. Bat the Chair
having introduced the question by consent of
the House has a right to the judgment of the
House upon it.
Mr. STEVENSON. I wish to suggest to the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. BaxknJ
whether it would not be better to have this
resolution referred to the Committee on Rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would greatly
prefer an adverse decision of the House to a
reference" of this resolution to the Committee
on Rules. The Committee oil Rules can report
at any time, and the decision of the House
will enable them intelligently to do so. The
Chair hopes the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Banks] will not accept the suggestion to
have this resolution referred to the Committee
on Rules, because to do so would not be a mat-
ter of justice either to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Beatty,] the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Printing, or to the Chair.
Mr. BEATTY. I would like to have the
rules changed ; I have no objection to that.
The SPEAKER. The question now is not
whether the rules should be changed, but
whether the construction by the Chair of the
existing rule is correct.
Mr. BEATTY. I ask that the following
decisions of Speaker Winthrop and Speaker
Cobb be read before the House votes on this
question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman asks that
some extracts from his speech on Saturday
last, be read.
Mr. BEATTY. And which are also extracts
from the Globe.
The Clerk read as follows :
."The Speaker stated the question. The Chair
understood the gentleman from Georgia to claim for
the Speaker the discretionary power to say what
character of reports tho Committee on Printing might
make under their geueral leave to report at any
time. The Chair overruled the point of order, and
disclaimed any such power. The rule was express
that the Committee on Printing might report at any
time, without reference to the nature or character
of the report."—Speaker Wmthron.
" The SrEAKEK." * * * "The gen-
tleman from South Carolina [Mr. Buiit] submits, as
a point of order, that under the rules of the House
the gentleman from Mississippi is not entitled to
make this report as a privileged question. Tile Chair
overrules the point of order upon the ground that
the twenty-first rule of the House provides that it
shall be in order for the Committee on Printing to
report at any time. The rule places no restriction
whatever upon the subject-matter to bo reported;
and in the opinion of the Chair it is limited only to
the fact whether or not the subject be legitimately
before that committee."—Speaker Cobb.
Mr. BEATTY'. I ask to have read in the
some connection a ruling of the present occu-
pant of the Cliair.
The Clerk read as follows :
"The Speaker. This resolution was referred to
the committee, and the rule states that the Commit-
tee on Printing is authorized to report at any time.
It is for the House to say what they will do with the
report, but the Chair is unable under the rules to
prescribe what they shall report."
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I am not
aware whether the House referred this bill to
the Committee on Printing. If it was so re-
ferred, that might possibly give the committee
a broader jurisdiction than it would otherwise
have ; but if the committee originated it 
Mr. BEA TTY. Allow me to state that the
bill was a substitute for two resolutions which
were referred in open House to the committee.
Mr. DAWES. A reference to the rule cre-
ating the Committee on Printing will show the
extent of its jurisdiction. I do not doubt that
the House can give the committee a new or
extended jurisdiction; but in the absence of
that, it must be perfectly apparent that the
right to report at any time can only be coex-
tensive with the jurisdiction of the committee ;
and a reference to the rule creating the com-
mittee shows the limited character of its
authority, in the absence of any new or addi-
tional authority given by the House. As has
been stated by the Chair, the jurisdiction of
the committee relates solely to the matter of
printina;.
I will say, Mr. Speaker, that I have for
fourteen years been a member of a privileged,
committee—a committee having, in the lan-
guage of the rules, a right to report at any
time. I was for ten years upon the Commit-
tee of Elections, which has been considered
as having the highest privilege; and it has
always been the practice of that committee,
and the ruling of the Speaker, that whenever
that committee desired to present any legisla-
tion in the form of a bill it should be reported
under the general call; that as to such mat-
ters the committee had no right to report at
any time. I remember that on one occasion
I sought to submit a bdl from the committee
in reference to the election of members of
Congress, and there was a distinct ruling of
the Chair that such a measure did not come
within the privilege of the committee to re-
port at any time. When I was a member of
the Committee on Appropriations, that com-
mittee having the same right to report at any
time, I was always obliged to obtain leave to
report any bill in reference to general sub-
jects. So with the Committee of Ways and
Means. This morning I reported from that
committee two bills, one properly coming
within the jurisdiction which the rules give
