6:88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
not at all. And if he can do it next year
before the 4th of March, he certainly can do
it before the 4th of March this year, and leave
us a couple of months clear of him and his
bills in which to do legislation.
Again, I cannot agree that I will not trust
the Senate with this matter of business. I
have not seen any such recaleitration on the
part of the Senate that would show that they
are not worthy of our confidence, at least of
the confidence of this side of the House, when
throe fourths of them are our friends, and
ought to be as anxious as we are for the pros-
perity of the country and the success of all
ideas of good government.
Again, sir, I wish to call attention to another
matter which I think fairly bears upon this
question. Owing to public improvements a
large portion of this city has been dug up. It
is a universal rule in this climate that con-
gestive fever follows the upturning of the soil.
The upturning of the soil in erecting our Army
fortifications was well known as a producing
cause of congestive fever. I venture to pre-
dict that after the hot weather sets in—and in
this climate there is no hotter weather than
during the month of June; for in July and
August the sea breezes come up the bay and
temper the air—the city must of necessity be
more or less unhealthfu). Now, whether we
are called upon in view of that to sit. here
later than May is a question I wish in all
candor to submit to gentlemen of the House,
for let me say that mortuary statistics show a
greater proportion of deaths among members
of Congress during the long session here than
among asiuiilar body of men in thosametime
anywhere else in the world.
Now, then, whether we look to ourselves,
whether we look to the country, or if we may
be allowed to look to the good of the party,
I think it due to all these considerations that
we have a short session of Congress. If this
session were to terminate our labors for the
Congress wo might be unwilling to leave cer-
tain things undone when we would have no
opportunity to repair the omission. But wo
are to come here next December, and from
December till March we shall have the oppor-
tunity to cure all mistakes that we may have
made and to do all that may have been left
undone. I trust this House will sustain the
Senate of the United States in offering to us
for the first time an early adjournment. I say
that for the first time the Senate has offered us
an early adjournment. It, is true, as was said
by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Fauns-
WOItTll, j thai, heretofore the Senate has tabled
our tesolnlions when we have asked for early
adjournment. We have always complained of
that action, and rightly, perhaps. But do we
now propose to say in a spirit of revenge that
their resolution shall be tabled? Shall we,
the Representatives of the people, say that we
will not go heartily and cordially for an early
adjournment when the Senate has signified its
willingness to adjourn eaily? Whent.heSenate
is willing to fix a time for adjournment and
work up to it, shall we, the Representatives
of the people, say we will not work up to that
time? Unless we fix the time for adjournment
now, we shall find ourselves here 011 the 4th
of July, if not on the 4th of August. So that
every consideration moves me to give my vote
for the earliest possible time of adjournment.
If there should arise a public exigency requir-
ing us to stay here longer, that consideration
will address itself to both Houses, and they
can extend the time.
Mr. DAW1SS. I yield to the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Holmax.]
Mr. 1I0LMAN. llr. Speaker, I hope the
House will not adopt this resolution of the
Senate. 1 trust that the House will not at
this early moment, with the business of the
session scarcely entered upon, bind itself to
a time for adjournment. I was struck, Mr.
Speaker, with the language of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bctlkr.] He urged
that it was the personal interest of members
to adjourn early, and also the interest of his
party ; but I did not hear him assert that it
was the interest of our country. I hope the
gentleman's sentiments will not be responded
to by the great body of the members of this
House. We come here for the purpose of
performing such legislative functions as the
interests of the country might demand. We
come liere in honor bound, as Representatives
of the people, to see that their interests shall
not suffer at our hands ; and I submit that the
gentleman from Massachusetts well knows
that to terminate this session as early as the
latter part of May is not only to deprive the
country of the benefit of a fair consideration
of public measures, but to crowd the business
of legislation from the halls of the two Houses
and take it before that questionable power,
the committee of conference, composed of
three members of each branch, in which the
public voice is entirely silent, and in which
the will of the nation, which should be ex-
pressed through the legislative department, is
subordinated to the will of six Representatives
of the people.
Mr. BUfLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to say a single word? I
know he did not intend to misrepresent mo
when he said that I did not urge this resolu-
tion in behalf of the interests of the country.
If he so understood me, he is mistaken. I
said the passage of the resolution was de-
manded by the interests of the country, the
interests of the public business, and, if I might
be allowed to add it, the interests of party.
Mr. HOLJIAN. I did not hear the addi-
tional remark, and of course the gentleman
has the benefit, of the correction.
But, Mr. Speaker, the adoption of this reso-
lution means that the great measures of legisla-
tion shall notbeconsidered. Itmeansthe tariff
shall not be reformed and labor relieved from
its oppressions, that the internal taxes shall
not be reduced. It means that no measures to
revive our almost lifeless commerce shall be
entered upon. There are measures in refer-
ence to which the public will has been clearly
expressed. I shall differ with my friend from
New York on one measure to which he has
referred. 1 shall differ with gentlemen in
reference to the land bills; and great as might
be the injustice to the country of an early
adjournment, if it should have the effect of
striking down that species of legislation, I
should esteem an early adjournment a public
benefit,, no matter what measures of legisla-
tion might fail.
Mr. Speaker, I propose a substitute for the
resolution now pending, which expresses the
sentiments of gentlemen on this side of the
House in reference to the time when the House
should adjourn, and 1 ask to have it read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Rwulvcd,, That it is the sonso of this IIouso that
Congress should not adjourn until the necessary
revision of the tariff shall bo effected, and the in-
ternal revenue tax reduced, and the abuses of the
present civil service corrected and reformed by
necessary legislation, to the end that the various
industries of tiie country be relieved from tho pres-
ent oppressive burdens of taxation, and purity and
efficiency secured in the administration of public
affairs.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman should also
include the ten commandments. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOLMAN. There are those three great
subjects on which the country demands legisla-
tion. The country demands a revision and
reduction of the tariff. The country demands
at our hands that the internal taxation shall
be reduced. The country demands legislation
to purify the administration of public affairs
and the correction of abuses that now startle
and agitate the public mind. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] made a
jocose remark which I did not bear. Does
he mean these three great subjects of legis-
lation are not to be considered?
Mr. DAWES. I have yielded to my col-
league [Mr. Banks] if the gentleman is through.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am not through.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman will allow me to move this amendment
to his substitute, "and civil rights to all men
before the law established."
Mr. HOLMAN. I had supposed that had
been effected already. The gentleman's party
has been in absolute power in every depart-
ment of the Government for many years, and
is responsible if it has not been done.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I pro-
pose to do it, in four months now.
Mr. HOLMAN. But let that be included.
If his party has not secured the rights of all
men before the law, then it has failed to avail
itself of its unexampled powers.
Mr. DAWES. I do not think my colleague
needs any justification before the country. I
now yield to my other colleague, [Mr. Baxks,]
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, no one wouldbe
more ready to adjourn by the last of May than
myself if I thought the business of the country
could be transacted by that time. My belief
is that it cannot be transacted in the time speci-
fied. If we pass the resolution of the Senate
called up by the honorable chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. Dawes]
the Committee on Appropriations will occupy
nearly the whole time between this and the
day nxed for the adjournment sine die of the
two Houses. There wouldbe a great many
important subjects cut short by that adjourn-
ment except in the intervals between the
action of the House and the Senate on these
single measures.
Now, sir, the Committee on Foreign Affairs
comes early in the list of committees. I do
not believe the committee will be called in the
order of business before the 1st of March or
the middle of March. If this resolution be
passed it will only have one opportunity of
reporting upon important matters of business
referred to it during this whole session. I
know very well the appropriation bills may be
taken up and passed in tho time specified, but
I am perfectly well aware many important sub-
jects of legislation which have been committed
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs will not
be considered as they ought to be by this House
for want of time.
There are many questions referred to us in
the message of the President of the United
States. Certainly no presidential message has
given more satisfaction to the country than that
which the President of the United States sent
to us at the beginning of this session ; and it
was because it touched upon those subjects
which the people wished to have considered
and upon which they desire action. I can
name only a few of them. There are the re
duction of taxes, the interests of labor, our
relations with Mexico, which are delicate and
threatening, Spanish affairs, the tariff, civil
service reform, the increase of the Navy, the
telegraph and postal system, the Ku Klux
legislation required by the condition of the
South, general amnesty, and many other mat-
ters of importance. Now, if the House accepts
this resolution to-day to adjourn before the end
of May there will be no one of these questions
that will have an opportunity of fair, free, and
full discussion and impartial decision. The
whole time of the House and of the Senate will
be necessarily occupied with appropriation
bills, and every one of us will be obliged to
accord to the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations the right to the floor whenever
he shall ask it, because we know it will be of
the last importance that the appropriation bills
shall be passed, in order that we may not have
a special session in this year of the presiden-
tial election.
Then there is the question of our treaty rela-
tions with England, which is of the greatest
importance, and which cannot be disposed of
in a hurry, without full discussion. And de-
pending upon that question, and as important
