1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1585
I have no authority from the committee to
accept it as a part of this bill, but I certainly
shall not object to it.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from New York will be considered as incor-
porated in the bill, and the bill so amended
passed.
There was no objection; and the bill (H. R.
No. 1930) was passed.
CONSOLIDATION OF STAFF DEPARTMENTS.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Coburn,] chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, which committee is
now examining the question of the consolida-
tion of the staff departments of the Army,
asks that his committee have leave to report
on that subject in print. The Chair hears no
objection ; and the permission is given to the
committee to have the testimony printed, and
to make report in print.
specie payments.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
move to suspend the rules in order to pass the
bill to hasten the return to specie payments.
The bill was read. It provides that from
and after April 1, 1872, the Secretary of the
Treasury be authorized and directed to collect
and receive one third of the amount of cus-
toms duties assessed upon imports in legal-
tender notes of the United States.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
House give me unanimous consent to explain
the effect of this bill ?
Mr. DAWES. If my colleague [Mr. But-
ler, of Massachusetts] has an opportunity to
speak upon the bill I would like to say a few
words.
Mr. YOORHEES. I wish to inquire whether
an amendment is in order.
The SPEAKER. The motion is to pass
the bill under a suspension of the rules, and
that motion is not amendable.
Mr. DAWES. Will my colleague object to
having the bill referred either to the Commit-
tee on Banking and Currency or to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I modify
my motion, and ask unanimous consent that
the bill may be received for consideration.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I renew my
motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
49, noes 71.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw my motion, and now move to suspend
the rules to bring the bill before the House
for consideration at present.
Mr. KILLING-ER. I object to that at this
time.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
86, noes 40.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Hooper, of
Massachusetts, and Mr. Butler, of Massachu-
setts, were appointed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. We under-
stand it; it is the people against the banks; that
is all.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 77, noes 46.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RANDALL. Is it in order to move to
refer this bill to the Committee on Banking and
Currency?
The SPEAKER. Not now. _
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 89, nays 68, not voting
83 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Arthur, Averill, Beek,
Beveiidge, Bigby, Bird, James G. Blair, George M.
Brooks, Buffinton, Benjamin P. Butler, Roderick R.
Butler, Caldwell, William T. Clark, Cobb, Coburn,
Coghlan, Conger, Conner, Critcher, Crossland, Dar-
•42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 100.
rail, Davis. Dox, Dunnell, Eldredge, Finkelnbnrg,
Getz, Golladay, Haldeeaan, Hambleton. Handley,
Harper. John T. Harris, Havens,"Hay, Hays. Gerry
W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, Holman, Hough-
ton, King, Lansing, Leaeh. Lewis, Lowe, Manson,
Marshall. McClelland, McCrary, McIIenry, Mc-
Kinney, Merrick. Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell,
Morey, Morgan, Isaac 0. Parker, Pendleton, Perce,
Aaron F. Perry, Peters, Piatt, Price, Prindle. Read,
Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Sargent, Shanks,
Sheldon, Shober, Slater, Sloss, H. Boardman Smith,
Snapp, Snyder, Thomas J. Speer, Steven3. Sypher,
Taffe, Twichell, Warren, Wells, Willard, Williams
of Indiana. Williams of New York, Jeremiah M.
Wilson, and Wood—89.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Banks, Barber, Beatty,
Bingham, Austin Blair, Braxton, Bright, Burchard,
Freeman Clarke. Comingo. Crebs, Dawes, Donnan,
Duell, Fanvell. Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster,
Frye, Garrett, ^xoodrich.^Halsev, Harmer, Hawley,
Hill, Hooper, Kelley, Kerr, Ketcham, Killinger,
Lynch, McCormick, McO-rew, McJunkin, Mercur,
Merriam,Monroe, LeonardMyers, Negiey, .Niblack,
On*, Packard, Palmer, Peck, Eli Perry, Randall,
Ellis H. Roberts, William R. Roberts. Sawyer, Sher-
wood, Shoemaker, John A. Smith, Worthmgton C.
Smith, Sprague, Storm, Stoughton, Strong, Suther-
land, Terry, Washington Townsend, Van Trump,
Waddell, Wakeman, Walden, Waldron, Wheeler,
John T. Wilson, and Winchester—68.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer,
Barnum, Barry, Bell, Biggs Boles, James Brooks,
Buckley, Burdett, Campbell, Carroll, Cotton. Cox,
Creely, Crocker, De Large, Dickey, DuBose, Duke,
Earncs, Elliott, Ely, Farnsworth, Forkcr, Henry D.
Foster, Garfield, Griffith, Hale, Hancock, Hanks,
George E. Harris, Hereford, Herndon, Hibbard,
Hoar, Kellogg, Kendall, Kinsella, Lamison, Lam-
port, Maynard.McIntyre, McKee, McNeely, Moore,
Morphis, Packer, Hosea W.Parker, Poland, Porter,
Potter, Rainey, llitchie, Robinson, Rogers, Roose-
velt, Rusk, Scofield, Seeley, Session?. Shellabarger,
Sloeum, R. Milton Speer, Siaikweather, Stevenson,
Stowell, St. John, Swann, Thomas, Dvvight Town-
send, Turner, Tuthill, Tyner,Upson. Vaughan,Voor-
hees, Wallace, Walls, Whiteley, Wbitthorne, and
Young—-83.
So (two thirds not having voted in the affirm-
ative) the rules were not suspended for the
introduction and consideration of the bill.
Mr. RANDALL. Is it now in order to
move to refer the bill to the Committee on
Banking and Currency?
The SPEAKER. The bill is not before the
House.
SALE OF ARMS
Mr. BECK. I move to suspend the rules,
for the purpose of passing the following reso-
lution ; and I understand it will not be ob-
jected to by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Dawes. J
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas it is obvious from the response of the
Secretary of War, laid before the House on the 8th
of March last, in reply to the resolution passed on
the 28th of February, 1872, asking information as to
the amount and value of public property sold by
the War Department since July 1,1865. and the dis-
position made of the proceeds of such sales, that
the Secretary having, as he states, been able to as-
certain not only the amount of appropriation requi-
site to enable him to comply with the resolution,
and the time it will require to do so. but that all
sales of said property have been made "in strict
accordance with the statutes,'' can at least inform
this House as to the amount and character of prop-
erty sold by the Department, by whom sold, and
what has become of the money received therefor by
the Department and the officers thereof: Therefore,
llesolved, That the Secretary of War be, and is
hereby, directed to give the House full information
as to theamount and general characterof the public
property sold or otherwise disposed of by the War
Department since June 30, 1885, the amount of such
sales, by what bureau the sales were made, and the
disposition made of the proceeds ot sale, stating how
much, if any, of said money has been covered into
the Treasury, and how much has been spent by the
Department without ^appropriation by Congress.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to say in connection
with that resolution that I have examined it, |
and find it less objectionable than the resolu- j
tion which the gentleman offered some time i
since, which required such a detail of statement ;
as to each particular that it was obvious it j
would take a long time to answer ; forinstanee,
requiring, as it did, a statement of every par- t
ticular item of property that was sold, and j
what was done with the proceeds. So that if ]
an officer out in Sitka or Arizona had occasion i
to sell an old horse or an old harness, his
accounts, which had been audited four or five
years ago and gone into the Treasury, would
have had to be hunted up and turned over
in order to arrive at the particulars of the trans-
action. The inquiry would have run over the
accounts of Mr. Secretary Stanton, Mr, Sec-
retary Schofield, Mr. Secretary Grant, and
Mr. Secretary Rawlins, as well as the present
Secretary. It would have been utterly impos-
sible to have given the details required with-
out going over all the books of the Depart-
ment. I think, however, the Secretary of War
will be able to comply with the resolution
which the gentleman has now moved, and to
give him the substance of all the information
that he requires.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to submit an amendment to which I think the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] will
have no objection. I offer it with the view of
getting the information speedily.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts asks the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Becic] to modify his resolution by adding
the words which the Clerk will read.
The Clerk read as follows:
And he is authorized to employ a sufficient num-
ber of extra clerks for this purpose.
Mr. BECK. There is no necessity for that.
Mr. DAWES. I think the addition sug-
gested by my colleague [Mr. Butler] is nofc
necessary. On consultation with the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] I think
his resolution in the form in which he has put
it is quite sufficient.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Beck] declines to modify his reso-
lution as suggested by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler; j and on a mo-
tion to suspend the rules, no amendment can
be.admitted except by consent.
The question being taken, the rules were
suspended, (two thirds having voted in favor
thereof,) and the resolution offered by Mr.
Beck was adopted.
DISPOSITION or PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. KILLINGER, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That in the judgment of this House the
policy of granting subsidies in public lands to rail-
roads and other corporations ought to be discontin-
ued, and that every consideration of public policy
and equal justice to the whole people requires that
the public lands should be held for the purpose of
securing homesteads to actual settlers, and for edu-
cational purposes, as may be provided by law.
missouri state militia officers.
Mr. COMINGO. I move that the rules be
so suspended as to allow the introduction and
passage of a bill granting three months5 extra
pay proper to the officers of the Missouri State
militia below the rank of brigadier general
who continued in the military service during
the late rebellion after the 3d of March, 1865,
and were honorably discharged after the 9th
day of April, 1805.
The bill was read. It provides that all offi-
cers of the Missouri State militia below the
rank of brigadier general who were in said
service on the 3d day of March, 1865, whose
resignations were presented and accepted, or
who were mustered out at their own request,
or were otherwise honorably discharged (fom
service after the 9th day of April, 18G5, shall
be entitled to and shall receive three months'
extra pay proper in the same manner as such
pay was allowed to officers of volunteers by
section four of an act of Congress approved
March 3, 1865, entitled £'An act making
appropriations for the support of the Army
for the year ending the 80th June, 1866."
Mr. C0BURN\ 1 object to the present con-
sideration of that bill.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Comingo] is that
the rules be suspended and the bill passed.
Mr. COBURN. The billought to go to the
Committee on Military Affairs before action is
taken on it in the House.
The question being taken on the motion to
suspend the rules, it was not agreed to, two
thirds not voting in favor thereof.
Mr. COMINGO. I ask unanimous consent
