1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
63?
42d Cong....2d Suss.
Woman Suffrage—Mr. Archer.
Ho. of Reps.
attention to those duties that are in harmony
wall the gentle nature with which her Creator
endowed her.
But it may be asked why it is, then, that the
women whom I have instanced as living since
the Christian era, and themselves professing
the religion of the cross, were often so unscru-
pulous in their conduct? Simply because they
became actors on the political stage, some of
them by choice and others by untoward cir-
cumstances. Such as found themselves in
these exalted stations by circumstances, and
•without any aspirations of their own, provided
they took little or no share in the affairs of
government, but allowed men to attend to such
duties for them—such as those often escaped
contamination. Bm all who entered person-
ally and earnestly into the affairs of the realm
as real workers soon fell from their high
estate of true womanhood, and like Lucifer
from heaven's battlements, great indeed was
the fall. Purity, sincerity, and gentleness
took wing, and instead adultery, hypocrisy,
and murder entered their hearts. Aud so it
must ever be.
Such is the formidable answer which, in the
shape of facts, comes down to us through the
long roll of the ages. It is as if dead empires
spoke from their gravts in corruption, to warn
us that if we wish to endure as a nation we must
hold fast to that blessed boon which we have-
but which they had not and crumbled—■wo-
man as Christianity makes her. But conclu-
sive as are these lessons of history, not with
history alone shall I rest the proof of my
position, that women are not fitted for public
life ; reason shall confirm these historical teach-
ings. First, I will assume what I have no
doubt ail will accede, that the two sexes differ
as widely from each other in their intellectual
and moral as in their physical nature. Physic-
ally, man is stronger and capable of enduring
more labor and fatigue ; woman is far more easy
and graceful and gentle in her movements.
So, intellectually, he solves more correctly
than she such problems as require breadth and
depth of mind; she, more correctiy than he,
such as require quickness of mental perception.
But it is morally that the difference is most
glaring; and here woman has greatly the ad-
vantage when placed in circumstances favor-
able lor preser\ing her superiority. She has
greater sensibility and a quicker moral per-
ception, amounting to a sort of intuition,
which seldom errs in arriving at a conclusion.
Hence, it is that she judges much more c-or
rectly, not concerning questions of govern-
ment, philosophy, or science, but ot those
innumerable little questions of right and wrong
which must be constantly coming up for judg-
ment in every well tilled household. More-
over, she is' more impulsive and emotional,
has softer touches in her nature, a wider range
of sympathies, and a happier facility of adapt-
ing herself* to circumstances—qualities which,
superadded to a greater acuteness of feeling,
make her, in a much higher degree than man,
susceptible of both pleasure and pain. Now>
these very traits wholly disqualify her for the
low intrigues, the angry disputations, and the
bitter invective that are unfortunately insep-
arable from the political wrangles of the pres-
ent day. Yet are they traits which must con-
stiiute the very soul and essence of a happy
home so long as they shall last; and 1 hope
they may last forever, for when their cheering
light is quenched in our American homes,
these will be left desolate indeed.
"Could we make her as the man,
Sweet love were slain."
But iho advocates of woman suffrage say
that woman will go forth from her home pano-
plied in purity, and aiier correcting the po-
litical evils of the day will bring back with
her all the domestic virtues unsullied. A most
preposteious proposition, carrying absurdity
on its face, even if history did not give it, as
already shown, a thousand times the lie direct.
The " pestilence that walketh in darkness" is
not dispelled by m ild showers of chaste Diana's
beams. It requires the electric fire from
heaven, with all its terrific accompaniments
of storm and flood, to purify the air thus
tainted. Nor can the political corruptions
that defile our fair land—contagious as the
pestilence, aud far more deadly, for they kill
the soul—be exorcised by the enchantment of
woman's smile or by the magic of her touch.
And, unlike Diana, who beams from a safe
distance, and so holds her purity unsoiled,
woman, according to the programme as now
laid down, will have to mix closely with the
impure and the corrupt, and to say that pollu-
tion will not follow such contact of the foul
with the pure would be midsummer madness.
It might as well be affirmed that Proserpine
was not polluted by being carried off to the
infernal regions ; that not a smirch befouled
her snowy robe or her damask cheek during
all the long time she abode in that smoky
prison-house of dismal horrors.
And. indeed, this fable so well accords with
what I have to say, that I will detail it by way
of illustration. The fair Proserpine passed
her time among the flowery plains and limpid
brooks of sunny Sicily. Attended by nymphs
and sirens, she often amused herself in gath-
ering flowers, and was far more than content
with her lot, just as the lovely women in our
own beautiful land gather, every day, the
flowers of their happy homes—the fragrant
flowers of duly and virtue and goodness. But
in an evil hour Pluto came along and bore
Proserpine off to the infernal regions. So
does the devil threaten to come and carry off
our Proserpines to the infernal regions of polit-
ical contention. This rape was a grievous
blow to her mother Ceres, who dearly loved
her daughter. She sought her in vain all over
Sicily, and when night came she relighted
Mount Etna, which had become extinct, and
by its glare continued her search throughout
the world. So shall disconsolate Virtue in our
land grieve for the loss of her daughters ; aud
she. too, shall search in vain to find them as
they were. She, too, will relight the great
mountain torch of Christianity, which, as I
shall presently show, shall by that time be quite
extinguished; and it may be that by its light
she will be able to find what Ceres found, her
daughter's vail (that is, hei modesty) torn aud
rent ; and she may also meet with a Hecate,
as Ceres did, to tell her the dreadful secret
that the de\il had her daughter ill his keeping.
Ceres, who had the earth iu her special care,
smote it with barrenness and desolation, so
that it should yield no more until her child
should be restored to her arms. And just so,
as long as our women shall remain groping in
the tainted atmosphere of polities and unre-
st ored to weeping virtue, the delicious fruits
of domestic peace aud happiness will be denied
us; the homes of Ameiica will, indeed, be as
barren places, and so must remain, for there
will be no redemption; that of the cross will
have failed, and there is no other. As the
great Maro sang:
"Faeilii? descensus Arerni;
Sed revocare gradual, superasque evaJere ad auras,
lice opus, hie labor est|
which fieely translated, moans, "It is easy ,
enough to go down into hell; but to get back— !
there 's the rub! '' ;
Some hopeful opponents of this movement
affect to think that even after women are
enfranchised to the full extent, but fe><. of them
will exercise the right of voting and election- •
eering, aud that those few will grow ashamed '
of the false position; that having gained their ;
point—the right to do as men—they will of j
their own accord case to exeicise the right, j
and gradually fall once more into the time- |
honored groove of home pursuits. Never was
there a greater delusion. They will do no such
thing; on the contrary, the virtuous and right-
minded women who now look upon this move-
ment with loathing, even these will, I am
bold to say, be drawn into the fatal whirlpool.
And the whole thing will be affected iu this
wise: in the first place, all those women who
are already unsexed by running all over the
country, to the sad neglect of their families, in
advocacy ot woman's rights, lecturing aud
speaking from pulpits and rostrums and wrang-
ling in conventions, all such will of course not
only march up to the polls unabashed, but
will enter also, with brazen front, into the full
spirit of the canvass. In all its intrigues, its
trickery, its corruptions, they will be in their
element, and will show themselves to be such
adepts that the oldest and most experienced
trickster of the opposite sex will find himself far
outdone at his own game. But with the many
thousands who, although tacitly approving the
movement, have stayed quietly at home pursu-
ingthe old routine, and have lent no hand to the
new work, with these it will be different. They
will fight shy at first; they will have nothing
at all to do with the campaign, and even when
they move up to the front on election day to
deposit their ballots their cheeks will tingle
with very shame for their departing virtue;
but that blush will be their last, just as surely
so as is the blush with which tiie once pure
maiden, after long temptation, falls into the
Lbertme's arms ; modesty will be gone forever.
But there is still a class of women who are
as much more worthy as they are now more
numerous than the other two classes, and who
will make a noble struggle against the ruinous
innovation ; such a struggle as shall deserve a
better late than failure ; yet fail it will in spite
of all that can be done. For this scheme is
as cunningly devised, from beginning to end, as
if the grand adversary himself had done it all;
and if he ever does work on earth through
human agents, I have little doubt he has con-
cocted this plan himself; for never since the
world was peopled was there a plan that would
so greatly advance his interests.
A considerable time will elapse after the
enfranchisement of women before this third
class will condescend to take the least part iu
polirical matters: and meanwhile their hus-
bands, appreciating fully their motive for
refraining, wiil applaud their conduct and
double the love they already bear them. But,
although these husbands wiil grow more and
more indignant and embitteied against the
accomplished revolution the more thfey see of
its lamentable effects, yet will a time come
when there will be but oue thing remaining to
be done to save the country; no, not to save
it, but to prolong for a little while its wretched
existence. That one thing wiil be that these
women who have so long kept away from the
pollution of the hustings shall march up at
last and deposit their votes, and counteract
the pernicious effects produced by the votes
of a million women, who by this time, wholly
unehristianued themselves, will be doing al!
they can to unchrisiianize the entire people.
And when this noble class are once forced
from the cradle and hearth into publicity and
kept there, their career from that time forth
must inevitably be down, down. These de-
scending steps are as easy to imagine from
what has gone before, as they would be sad to
trace. The poet has graphically aud truly
depicted such a ruinous career:
" Vice is a uioafter of so frightful mien,
As, to be hated, needs but to be seen;
Yet seen too oi't, familiar with her iaee,
\Ye iirst endine, then pity, then embrace."
When a woman, I care not how virtuous,
how intelligent, how accomplished—nay, I cai e
not how true a Chi istiau—shall once have fairly
entered upon that publicity of contact with thtj
