1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
42fS
thirty days after the confederate constitution
was adopted by their States.
Mr. POMEROY. If they had their pay after
they went out of the Union, whatai-e they here
for ? 'Thai is the most barefaced thifig I ever
heard of. I did not know that was here at all.
Mr. THURMAN. ■ I am satisfied that this
section as it now stands is as welt as we shall
get it; if it can be made better, it will have to
be made better in a conference committee, and
therefore I move to lay the amendment of the
Senator from Illinois on the table, and I hope
all other amendments will be treated in the
same way.
Mr. CONKLING. The amendment of the
Senator from Missouri is pending.
Mr. THURMAN. This motion will cai'ry
the amendment to the amendment with it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio moves to lay on the table the
amendment of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. STEWART called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. I want to ask the Sena-
tor from'Ohio ["Order!"] what there will be
to confer about?
Mr. THURMAN. I object to debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Debate is
out of order.
"Mr. TRUMBULL. Does this motion carry
the amendment of the Senator from Missouri
with it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will
be a question' to be decided afterward. The
motion is to lay on the,table the amendment of
the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me we
might know the effect of the vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER'. The roll
will be called.
Mr. KELLY. I am paired with the Sena-
tor from Minnesota, [Mr. Ramsey.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21. nayes20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Davis of West Virginia. Flanagan, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Johnston, Nor-
wood, Pool, Ransom, Robertson, Salisbury, Saw-
yer, Sprague,' Stevenson, Thurinan, Vickers, and
West—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Buckingham,
• Chandler, Conkling, Cragm, Edmunds, Frelmghuy-
sen, Harlan, Hiteheock, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
of Vermont, Pomeroy, Pratt, Rice, Sc'ott, Sherman,
Stewart, Trumbull, and Wilson—20.
ABSENT — Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Brownlow,
Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton, Cole, Cor-
bett, Davis of Kentucky, Senton, Ferry of Connecti-
cut, ferry at Michigan, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Ham-
lin, Ilowe, Kellogg, Kelly, Lewis, Logan, Morton,
Nye, Osbcrn, Patterson, Ramsey, Schurz, Spencer.
Stockton, Suianer, Tipton, Windom, and Wright—33.
So the motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois is laid on
the table, which in the opinion of the Chair
carries with it the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri. The question now is on strik-
ing out section six as amended, as recom-
mended by the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. COLE. Let me ask the Senate now to
consent to take the vote upon the amendments
that may be offered to this section without
further debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. asks unanimous consent
that the vote on this section and any amend-
ment that may be offered to it be taken with-
out debate.
Mr.CHANDLER and Mr. FRELINGHUY-
SEN. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
is made.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to move to
substitute the river and harbor bill for this
bill.
Mr. COLE. I did not hear an objection
from any person.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
heard the objection of the Senator from Mich-
igan, and therefore declined to entertain the
proposition of the Senator from California.
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 268.
Mr.- CHANDLER. I move to lay this bill
on the table, for the purpose of proceeding
with the river and harbor bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan moves to lay this bill on the
table, giving notice that if that motion prevails
he will move to take up the river and harbor
bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to have
the yeas and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 25 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Buckingham,
Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Cragin, Frelinghuysen,
Hitchcock. Howe, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont! Pomeroy, Pratt, Scott, Sherman, Stewart,
•and Wilson—18.
NA iTS—Messrs. Alcorn. Blair, Casserly. Cooper,
Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds, Flanagan,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hill,
Johnston, Lewis, Norwood, PooK Ransom. Rice,
Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer. Sprague, Steven-
son, Thurman, Tipton, Vickers, and West—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Brownlow,
Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton, Corbett,
Davis oi Kentucky, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut,
Ferry of Michigan. Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamlin,
Harlan, Kellogg, Kelly, Logan, Morton, Nye,
O'sborn, Patterson, Ramsey, Schurz, Spencer, Stock-
ton, Sumner, Trumbull, Windom, and Wright—bl.
So the motion was not agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on striking out the sixth section of
the bill as amended.
Mr. WILSON. It seems to me we are not
likely to do much on this bill to-night. There-
fore I ask the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations to give me thirty or forty
minutes to pass a few bills, and when we come
together to-morrow morning we shall be in
good temper and able to go on with this bill.
Mr. THURMAN. Let us vote on this
m otion to strike out.
Mr. COLE. Let me say to the Senator from
Massachusetts that it is not within my power
to give him any time, and he ought not to ap-
peal to me. The Senate have control of this
bill, and they have determined not to do any-
thing. I see a determination manifested, as it
appears to me, very distinctly to force the ses-
sion over next Monday, to continue it longer.
Mr. WILSON. I will not ask the Senator
if he does not wish freely to give it.
Mr. COLE. I say to the Senator I cannot
do it. I have not the power to do it. The
' Senate has refused repeatedly by votes on the
call of the yeas and nays to lay this bill on the
table for the purpose of proceeding with busi-
ness that would probably not be objected to.
Mr. President, if it be the determination of
certain Senators, I will say, to continue this
session beyond next Monday, I wish they
would declare it. I wish they would come out
in plain language and say that is their purpose,
in order that we may understand it, and I will
try and govern myself accordingly; but I do
not wish to be in a constant struggle upon an
important appropriation bill from day to day
and from hour to hour trying to get it through
while they are manifesting a determination to
prolong the session. If they will come out
like men and say what their purpose is, I
shall be obliged -to-them. It is manifested
clearly enough to my mind by their actions,
but still there is no way of getting at it exactly
unless they will gay what their purpose is.
If, however, the purpose is to crowd this
bill into the last hours of the session in order
that it may be loaded down with all sorts'of
obnoxious schenjes, in order that it may be
the vessel upon which may be freighted every
sort of project, a sort of assorted cargo of
legislation, if they will say that is the purpose,
they will manifest more courage than they
seem to manifest now.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to an-
nounce my purpose.
Mr. COLE. I shall be very glad to hear
one Senator announce his purpose.
Mr. POMEROY. My purpose is to dis-
charge the public duty here. My purpose is to
pass these bills as well as I can, or at least to
consider them, and I shall move when I can
obtain the floor to proceed to the Calendar
of unobjected cases.
Mr. COLE. I do not doubt thatis the pur-
pose of the Senator from Kansas, but certainly
that is not the purpose of these who are mov-
ing amendment after amendment, which they
could keep up to all eternity if they pleased—
amendment after amendment of the same pur-
port in the fece of vote after vote upon the
yeas and nays. I concede that the purpose
of the Senator finm Kansas is such as he
expresses it. 1 have not seen the contrary
manifested on his part; but that, I think, is
not the purpose of certain other Senators.
Mr. HILL. I inquire if there is any ques-
tion before the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a
question before the Senate, and that is to
strike out the sixth section of the bill,-as
amended, upon which the Senator from Cal-
ifornia is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think this whole trouble
has grown out of the amendment of m-y honor-
able friend from South Carolina, and I think
after the reproof he has received from my
friend from California he ought to withdraw
the amendment and allow the bill to stand as
it was reported to us.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I do not wish to delay
the action of th'e Senate. I merely ask for a
vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wanted to appeal to my
friend from South' Carolina to withdraw his
amendment and to allow this section to be
acted upon as reported, and let us proceed
with the bill and perfect it, because the whole
of this difficulty grows o.ut of the amendment
offered by him.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I submit to the hon-
orable Senator whether it is right that he
should make such an appeal to me when vote
after vote has shown thftt the Senate is in
favor 'of continuing this amendment' in the
bill? Is it fair that the minority should rule
the Senate ? Is it fair that the majority should
yield after the contest we have had from
twelve o'clock to-day until after nine o'clock
to-nightt
Mr. THURMAN. Let us vote.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I am ready to vote.
I £Lsl£ &
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Sen-
ate ready for,the question on the amendment
of the Committee on Appropriations to strike
out the sixth section of the bill?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. No, Mr. Pres-
ident, I have an amendment to offer.
Mr. POMEROY. I see that the Senator
has an amendment, but I have a proposition
that I wish to make and then a motion which
I will state. When I said the other evening
that we ought at least to give every bill on- the
Calendar one opportunity of being considered
I thought I had the general concurrence of the
Senate in that view. There arc bills here of
very little importance perhaps in themselves,
and yet they are entitled to consideration.
They have been acted upon by committees,
and they are on the Calendar. Here is a Cal-
endar of thirty-two pages. I had hoped all
day that we should have some action on this
bill; but as I begin to think we shall not get
any action upon it to-night, I waut to proceed
to something we can act upon.
But, sir, let me remind the Senator from
California that when he and I consented to be
members of this Senate we consented to dis-
charge our duties here and not hurry anything
through and run away. When we consented
to sit here day and night it was for the purpose
of meeting fairly every question presented to
us on this Calendar. The appropriation bills
are importaut, but they are not the only great
things to be considered. We were not elected
here to consider simply appropriation bills and
tariff bills and then adjourn and run home.
But the Senator says he thinks the difficulty
is that some Senators want to prolong the ses-
sion longer than Monday next. Sir, so long
