1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
689
as the treaty itself, comes the question of the
readjustment of our commercial relations so
as to provide for the immediate and prospect-
ive renovation and restoration of our com-
merce.
I hope, sir, this House will at least give us
the advantage of having the authority of' a
responsible committee of the House before it
shall decide to pass this resolution.
Mr. DAWES. I now yield to the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Cox.]
Mr. BANKS. Just let me add one word.
I should have said that in addition to the
question of treaty relations with Great Britain
there is the still more important and still
more threatening and delicate subject of our
relations with the Spanish Government, and
especially with reference to the affairs of Cuba,
which are attracting the attention of the whole
country, and which demand of us immediate
and prompt and decisive action.
Mr. DAWES. I now yield a few moments
to the gentlemanfrom New York, [Mr. Cox.]
Mr. COX. I commend the gentlemanfrom
Massachusetts who last spoke for not making
this a party matter as his colleague [Mr. But-
ler] had made it. And I am especially struck
with the last remark he made 
Mr. BANKS. I hope the gentleman will
not compliment me at the expense of my
political associates on this side of the House.
Mr. COX. I shall never compliment the
gentleman at the expense of any one after
his remarks this morning, in which the gen-
tleman covered up something, in his peculiar
and dignified style, which I do not understand,
but which I shall no doubt understand in time.
But I mean to make this remark: that whereas
the gentleman from Massachusetts who last
spoke did not put this question on party
grounds, the gentleman from Massachusetts
who proceeded him did so. Truth creeps
unawares upon caution. This is a party move-
ment, and you all know it; it is designed to
avoid issues and to carry your presidential
election.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then it
is very clear we ought to pass the resolution.
Mr. COX. I thought I would smoke that
gentleman out. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] attempted to make a
little ridicule of my friend from Indiana [Mr.
Holman] by proposing that he should add the
ten commandments to his resolution—mean-
ing, I suppose, thereby especially the one
which says: "Thou si,alt not steal;" because
in getting through the appropriations before
the 29th of May there will be considerable
grand larceny committed.
The gentleman from Massachusetts—I mean
the distinguished soldier from Massachusetts,
if you can find out who that is, [laughter]—the
gentleman from Massachusetts says this is a
party question, and that we ought to run away
from our business and go philandering around
the country taking an example from other offi-
cers of the Government. The gentleman says
we ought to do this with a view to our physical
health. He says there has been some turn-
ing up of the soil. They have struck somo
sandstone formation in stirring up the soil of
this city, [laughter,] and it is unhealthy; and
so it is unhealthy for us to stay here and do
our duty; unhealthy perhaps physically, and
unhealthy'for the party which seeks to shirk
the issues which the people demand we should
meet.
As to the remark made by the distinguished
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
there is much in it, especially in reference to
our difficulties with England not yet settled.
I would not speak in this House any words,
even the lightest word, to embarrass the nego-
tiations or commissions which are now pro-
gressing. But I believe it is the feeling of
men who know that we are in danger of losing
all we thought to gain by the Geneva con-
ference, and that in September, when the final
award is made, we may see our commissioners
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 44.
and lawyers come back here utterly discom-
fited by reason of the bad management of our
foreign affairs in the last three or four years.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. COX. Oh, I have not come to the
real point, if the gentleman will allow me.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. If the point is coming I will
wait a moment.
Mr. COX. I wanted to state to the country
in a plain, s-juare way—and the gentleman can
easily see the point, though he did not make
it himself—the real point in this case, which is
to carry on your political campaign without
investigation. The real point is to go before
the committee on a pretense to reform the
revenue like the miserable meddling with the
tariff in the last Congress which gave no re-
duction camparatively. And then the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means will come forth
from their shell, [laughter,] and they will
produce some delusive reduction at the last
moment, and hurry it through like the bill of
the last Congress, which pretended to make a
reduction of $20,000,000, when it was really
in the shape of a compromise, and an exaction
from the people on many articles. The House
could not debate it any further. It was passed
in a hurry, and the Republicans went out and
claimed credit for reducing the revenue, when
in fact they fastened the tariff still more
strongly upon the labor of the people and the
industry of the country.
Now, 1 want these investigations that are
proposed here to go on. I want, if possible, the
South to be pacified, regardless of political
success. I am not so much a partisan as some
members of this House, (although I ara ac-
counted as much in earnest on that subject,)
but for one, I am willing to set an example to
the Presidont and to the Secretaries and to the
heads of bureaus who spend their summers
everywhere except at their business. [Laugh-
ter.] Do not let us follow so bad an example
while drawing pay for a full year's service, a
salary of $5,000.
Mr. DAWES. After the non-partisan speech
of my distinguished friend from Now York,
[laughter,] t have only to say that it is much
easier always to pi'each than to practice, and
that it has been impossible to make him under-
stand that his faith without works is dead.
I now yield for five minutes to the gentleman i
from Ohio, the chairman of the Committee on i
the Judiciary.
Mr. BINGHAM. I think, Mr. Speaker, that
the alarm which has been raised here might
have been addressed to some other party than
to the party which is in control of both branches
of Congress. They have been charged by the
people as the majority to take care of the need-
ful legislation of the country. The Senate
is of the opinion that whatever duties devolve
upon us under the trust of the people can be
well and fully performed by the 29th day of
May next, a period four months hence. It
ought to occur to gentlemen who raise these
objections that if in the mean time it be ascer-
tained by the party responsible to the country
for the needful legislation that what is abso-
lutely essential to the prosperity of the people
cannot be consummated before the time named
in the resolution, the party that adopts the
resolution can rescind it without asking
instructions from any other party, and without
asking their votes evem
Thegentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
has been good enough to intimate that instead
of looking to the legislation of the country
we are to engage here in the business of mak-
ing political speeches about the merits of this
man or that man for the Presidency, the merits
of this party or that party. In my judgment
all such discussions are out of place on this
floor. Our business here is to attend to the
legislative wants of the country, and having
attended to that duty, to adjourn and go back
to the people and answer to them for the man-
ner in which we have discharged this trust.
For myself, I am willing to try the experiment
whether we can discharge this duty within the
coming four months ; and if, before the expi-
ration of the time it, shall become apparent
that some bill essential to the public interest
may need a longer time for consideration, it
is as competent for the commanding majority
in the Senate, amounting1 to three fourths of
the body, that sent us this resolution, to re-
scind it, as it was for them to pass it in the
first place; and it is equally possible for the
Republican majority in this House to do so
also, as wo have seen it done before. It is a
poor compliment to the Republican majority
of the Senate and the House to say to them,
that, having matured the needful legislation
for the country, they will run away from the
capital when they know its passage is essential,
rather than to rescind this resolution.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman says
this resolution can be rescinded as easily as it
was passed. Does he reflect that it took the
Senate two weeks to pass it?
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman says it
took them two weeks to pass it. That is a
catch-phrase unworthy of the gentleman, for
they could have passed it in two days. I am
quite well aware that the previous question
does not obtain in the Senate, but I am equally
well aware that there is an end to human
endurance. If there is a party in this House
that is to-day represented in the Senate op-
posed to the passage of this resolution, they
can put themselves before the country and
stand grandly m history by voting against the
rescindmcnt of it, after all this outbreak of
patriotic indignation at the proposition for an
early adjournment. Thegentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farnrwobth] will do well to come
in to repair breaches in his logic and oppose
its rescindmcnt when the Democratic party
stands here to-day solid against the passage
of the resolution. If toward the close of the
four months it becomes apparent that the pub-
lic interest demands that the resolution be
rescinded and the legislation of the country be
permitted to go on, who will oppose it? Will
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Fauxs-
worth] oppose it? Will the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Brooks] oppose it? Will
any gentlman in the Senate representing in
common their views expressed here to-day
oppose it? I rather think not.
i say again that the Republican majority in
the House and in the Senate are responsible
to the country for the necessary legislation.
Surely they can trust themselves and not con-
sult the minority on that subject. And if at
the end of the time named it shall appear that
there is essential legislation not then disposed
of, they can appeal to those gentlemen who
are so anxious that the legislation of thecoun-
try shall not be obstructed to rescind this
resolution, and I take it for granted they will do
it. I am in favor of passing this resolution now.
Mr. DAWES. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Connecticut [Mr. Khij.ogg] for a
question.
Mr. KELLOGG. I wish simply to ask the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Dawks] whether he can assure
the House that he will have ample time, should
this resolution be adopted, to report the bill
repealing the income tax-, and a bill to repeal
the other internal revenue taxes that should
be repealed?
Mr. DAWES. That ten majority which the
gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Kellogo]
precipitated upon us against the repeal of the
mcome tax instructed us very much.
Mr. KELLOGG. The gentleman cannot
shield himself in that way. The eighty-three
absentees at that time will take care of that
if the gentleman will report the bill.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to ask my colleague
a question ?
Mr. DAWES. I will yield for a question
only, for I have promised to yield to the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerb] for a time.
