638
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 30,
Ho. op Reps.
Woman Suffrage—Mr. Archer.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
other sex that must inevitably bereave her of
those virtues which are now her scepter,
and of that modesty which is her crowning
glory—that moment she sets her foot on a
downward train. With all the social breaks let
up, she sweeps down the inclined plane of that
broad-gauge road whose mid-station is infi-
delity, and whose terminus is perdition.
It is impossible to read the vile talk of the
present advocates of women suffrage in their
conventions, or to peruse the vile writing in
any one of their numerous ably conducted
journals, and not conclude—and that without
the least hesitation—that the constant tend-
ency of their teachings is to undermine
Christianity. The Women's Journal says that
the Young Women's Christian Association
of Massachusetts are the right wing of the
woman suffrage army. When Wendell Phil-
lips wound up one of his peace-making
speeches with the gentle expression, "God
damn the Commonwealth of Massachusetts!"
because that State for once would not chime
in with some of his lovely schemes, that well-
known woman's rights advocate, Lydia M.
Child, clapped him so vehemently that she
broke her wedding ring. And Mrs. Stanton,
who relates the delicate incident, in The Rev-
olution, says that such an oath is not one iota
more objectionable than to say, " By George 1"
and that even her own sweet and gentle nature
is often so deeply stirred by the wrongs of her
sex that to think "damn itl" is no unusual
thing with her.
Hear also the language of yet another of
their leading organs, and while you tremble
for your country and for Christianity, shudder
at the shocking sentiment: " When all the
women are Victoria Woodhulls, and all the
men Theodore Tiltons, then, and not till then,
will the millennium have arrived." Why, if
we knew nothing of the precedents of this
precious pair, the single fact that the she-
male's biography of the he-female was lately
suppressed in Germany for its unendurable
nasiiness should be enough to damn them both
with all decent people. That biography was
such a mass of moral putrefaction, from cover
to cover, that it was feared it might contam-
inate the whole German empire. And this
same Victoria Woodhull is the woman's can-
didate for the Presidency of the United States!
If that shot from Germany did not penetrate
her through and through, she ought hence-
forth to be called Ironhull.
Of course this fell design of subverting Chris-
tianity is as yet kept secret, the time not
having quite arrived for acting openly ; uay,
they even pretend to be themselves followers
of the Cross. Many of the articles in their
journals are made up of passages of Scripture
sandwiched between bare-faced blasphemy and
burning lust. Though the devil can at any
time "quote Scripture for his purpose," it
fortunately requires no very keen insight to
detect his horns and hoofs, if, while he quotes,
we will but use the eyes which the good God
has given us emphatically for this purpose.
That pet scheme of the devil for wrecking
Christianity—"free love"—which is so stren-
uously advocated by these indefatigable wo-
men, is no new thing in the world, though for
three thousand years it has been called by a
less euphemistic name. The queen of Sheba
proved herself a "free-lover" wlien she made
a long journey with an immense train to visit
Solomon that she might have by him a son
worthy to inherit her throne. Thalestris,
queen of the Amazons, who traveled some
thousand mib<i to transact a similar business
with Alexander the Great, likewise belonged
to that delectable sisterhood. In fact, those
ancient Amazons were in many respects the
counterparts of our modern "free lovers."
In the first place, they had a very scant way
of dressing, both above and below the waist.
(I must, however, own with shame that the
scantiness of the upper part would answer
quite well for a description of a fashionable
belle's dress at the present day, or rather her
want of dress, for she seems to think it better
to be a little more naked than her neighbor
than a little less fashionable.) The lower
portion was displayed in a very exaggerated
" bloomer "—" displayed " conveying the
exact meaning. The ancient Amazons were
in some respects a little in advance of their
modern sisters, though from present indica-
tions it is doubtful whether the latter will long
remain behind. For instance, they lived en-
tirely apart from men except at certain sea-
sons ; that is, they lived in a separate king-
dom. This may have been from choice,
though th'e greater probability is, the men hav-
ing become disgusted by their "free love"
tendencies and practices, and not being able
to endure the untold torments of a life among
them, moved quite out of the way. But at
certain seasons those gentle creatures, those
cruelly deserted, marched forth on the hunt
of the men in response to the promptings of
"free love," and when this was satisfied
marched back to their country. The Amazon
nation, from the very nature of things, was not
long-lived, but the fragments thereof dispersed
to various parts of the earth, and as they
doubtless retained their old habits, for such
habits as theirs hang on to the blood long and
hard, their cardinal doctrine of free love has
never died out on the earth. They dispersed
like the Jews to all climes and countries.
The dissolution of the marriage relations at
the pleasure or caprice of either party is openly
advocated by these revolutionists, and this
alone would wipe out the Christian religion
from the face of the earth. Just such loose-
ness of the marriage tie did more to destroy
Rome than all the Goths and Huns that ever
swooped down upon her with fire and sword.
As soon as marriage was legalized as a simple
civil contract of cohabitation merely, its dura-
tion solely dependent on continued mutual con-
sent, the whole city became as one vast brothel—
a state of things which rapidly extended to
the surrounding provinces, and, as must al-
ways be the case with those living in a state
of virtual concubinage, comparatively few chil-
dren were born, and of these feW but a small
proportion were suffered to survive. The con-
sequence was, Rome could not replenish her
armies from her own citizens, but was under
the necessity of employing barbarians to guard
the public interests. But these barbarians
guarded them no longer than the time required
to get the power into their own hands, when
they helped themselves to all that was left of
mighty Rome.
This laxity of the marriage bond is a neces-
sary result of the woman's rights movement,
ana would soon evolve itself out of that move-
ment without any special advocacy of it in the
revolutionary journals and speeches. For what
man would bind himself to dwell for life be-
neath the same roof with a masculine woman ?
But perhaps the most melancholy effect of
such a state of things is yet to be told. The
children—-Heaven pity the children when "free
love'' shall hold high carnival over this land 1—
boys and girls alike, will then have no kind
hand to guide them. The father will care not
for thetn, for he cannot know which are his,
and which are some other man's. The mother
will be mostly from home, hot on the hunt of
a new paramour, or at the hustings, drinking,
swearing, and brawling, for all her time will
then be divided between lust and politics.
The children will give full head to their in-
stincts and do whatever sin they please, what-
ever their natural depravity, let loose and
spurred on by passion, shall prompt them.
The family will have become, in fact, a family
of mere animals. They will be traveling the
back track of Mr. Darwin's famous theory. It
may be a long time before the monkey will be
reached, but the bias will be unmistakably in
that direction ; and the-very best we can hope
is that the present respectable and progressive
race of monkeys may not be ashamed to own
them as kin ; for there will he so much of the
fiend and fury blended with the brute in their
nature that even a brute mav be disgusted.
Ay, the family then will be gone. That
institution which is the foundation of society
and of the State—the only foundation on which
either can ever rest secure—will be uprooted,
and the whole social and political superstruc-
ture must fall in hideous ruin. The family is
to civilization and Christianity what the Coli-
seum, according to tbe old prediction, was to
Rome:
" While stands the Coliseum, Rome shall stand;
When talis the Coliseum, Rome shall fall;
And when Rome falls—the world."
These deluded women are exceedingly fond
of quoting Plato's " Commonwealth" to prove
their position. Well, Plato was a great and good
man, a philosopher of such richness and depth
of wisdom that his teachings, pagan though he
was, still have a vast influence in the world
of Christian philosophy, and probably will have
to the remotest ages. And while I am by
no means willing to adopt him as an infalli-
ble guide, I am always ready to hear what he
has to say, provided his expressions be not
garbled. Rollin, in a synopsis of the sage's
opinions on the point in question, says:
" Plato maintains in his ' Commonwealth ' that
women as well as men ought to be admitted into the
management of public affairs, the conducting of
armies, and the goveiuuieut of btates, and by neces-
sary consequence ought to be trained up in the sumo
exercises as men, as well for the forming of the body
as the mind. Mor does he so much as except those
exercises wherein it was customary to light stark
naked, alleging that the virtue of the sex would be
a sufficient covering for them."
Now, although this sounds like irony, espe-
cially the last dozen words, and more espe-
cially coming as it does from the man who
originated and maintained the double-refined
idea of "Platonic love," I am yet perfectly
willing to accept it, not in part, however, but
in its entirety, most firmly believiug that if the
women can stand it the men can, I will not
begrudge to any woman who will comply with
these conditions throughout all the political
rights and privileges of my own sex, provided
all the women who are not ready to accept the
old Greek's terms will consent to keep aloof
from politics and continue in their present
relations with us. And I will accept it for
this reason : that while the slight sprinkling
of female warriors, demagogues, and gymnasts
that would be thus thrown amongst the sterner
sex, so called, could do but little harm to the
latter, the elimination of such a boisterous
element from among our true women at
home would be a happy riddance, "a con-
summation most devoutly to be wished."
Let Plato's notions, then, about women, be
accepted by them as a test for admission to the
full rights of citizenship, and I, for one, will
give it my sanction and favor its insertion in
the Constitution. Then shall every such
woman be at liberty to contend in the lists
with athletes and boxers, clothed after what-
soever fashion she pleases. If she prefers to
enter there, as her dear Plato advises, in puris
naturalibus, by all means let her do so. The
men will, without doubt, be frightened beyond
the ropes in the first few trials, but they will
soon get sufficiently hardened to the appalling
sight to come up to the scratch, not " like a
man," but like a woman. Let her train for
the prize-ring, and immortalize herself by ex-
changing handicuffs with Mike McCoole for
the championship of America. (One of their
noble sisters bas already challenged Weston
to a pedestrian trial, at a thousand dollars a
side.) Let her array herself in martial guise,
