1586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
to introduce the bill, and have it referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
There was no objection ; and the bill (H. R.
No. 1931) was introduced, read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
repeal of bankrupt law.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. I move
that the rules be suspended and the following
resolution adopted.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be, and hereby is, instructed to report a bill to the
House at the earliest opportunity for the repeal of
the law known as the bankrupt law.
Mr. KILLINGER. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Pending the motion to adjourn,
bar at mouth op mississippi river.
Mr. NEGLEY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1932) providing for
the transit of merchant vessels of heavy draft
across the bar at the mouth of the Mississippi
river, and for other purposes ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
navigation of ohio river.
Mr. NEGLEY also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. B. No. 1933) to improve
the navigation of the Ohio river; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
resuuvey op galveston harbor. ■
Mr. CLARK, of Texas, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a joint resolution (II. It. No.
113) providing for the resurvey of Galveston
harbor, Texas; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
crow reservation in montana.
Mr. CLAGETT, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 11)34) to authorize
the Secretary of the Interior to negotiate with
the chiefs and head men of the Crow tribe of
Indians for the surrender of their reservation
in the Territory of Montana; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
A bill (S. No. 353) to restore the records of
the United States courts in the northern dis-
trict of Illinois;
A bill (S. No. 742) to amend section thirty-
five of an act entitled "An act to reduce inter-
nal taxes, and for other purposes;"
A bill (H. R. No. 330) to issue an American
register to the brig A. L. Palmer;
A bill (H. R. No. 1638) for the construction
of an addition to the United States court-house
and post office building in Indianapolis, Indi-
ana, and for the purchase of additional ground
adjoining the site of said building; and
A bill (II. U. No. 1539) to provide for a build-
ing forthe use of the post office, custom-house,
pension office, United States circuit and dis-
trict courts, and internal revenue offices at
Hartford, Connecticut.
consular and diplomatic service.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the following communi-
cation from the Presidant of the United Slates:
To the House of Representatives :
I transmit herewith a roport dated 5th instant,
received from t.hn Secretary of State, in compliance
with a resolution of the House of February 28
ultlmo- U. S. GRANT.
Washixuton, March 11,1872.
The SPEAKER. The communication is in
relation to the consular and diplomatic ser-
vice, and will, if there be no objection, be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and printed.
There was no objection, and it was so
ordered.
election contest cessna vs. b. p. meyers.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of Elec-
tions give notice that to-morrow they will call
up the contested-election of Cessna ws, B. P.
Meyers.
The question was taken on Mr. Killinger's
motion, and it was agreed to ; and the House
(at three o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BANKS: Resolutions of the Ma-
chinists' and Blacksmiths' Union, No. 5, of
Massachusetts, against the abrogation or repeal
of the eight-hour law.
By Mr. BECK: The petition of Elizabeth
King, widow of Captain Herbert King, com-
pany F, third Kentucky infantry, praying that
a pension be allowed her.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The petition of
Joshua Baker and 38 others, merchants and
ship-masters of Boston and Cape Cod, Massa-
chusetts, praying the erection of a light sn
Block Island.
Also, the petition of Barnabas Davis and
31 others, in aid of the petition of Joshua
Baker and others.
Also, the petition of W. W. Avery, of Ply-
mouth, Massachusetts, praying such legislation
as will remove the tariff on type.
By Mr. CLARK, ofTexas: The memorial of
the mayor and board of aldermen of Galves-
ton, Texas, praying an appropriation for the
permanent improvement of Galveston harbor.
By Mr. DONNAN: The petition of W. N.
Burdick and others, citizens, asking the estab-
lishment of a mail route between Jackson-
ville and Cresco, Iowa, via Pond Valley.
By Mr. DUELL: The petition of William
N. Stone, Oren Eddy, \v. W. Lcgg, and 81
others, citizens of Borodino and Spafford, in
the county of Onondoga, New York, praying
Congress to preserve inviolate the great guar-
antees of religious liberty now contained in
the Constitution of the United States, and
protesling against an amendment of the Con-
stitution by incorporating in it a recognition of
"God as the source of all authority and power
in civil government," for the reason that such
an amendment would tend to revolutionize the
Government of the United States and over-
throw the principles of religious liberty.
Also, the petition of the heirs and legal
representatives ol' Captain Simeon Samson,
deceased, of Homer, New York, for relief.
By Mr. DUNNELL: The petition of E. L.
Brouncll and (35 others, of Minnesota, late of
the Union Army, asking an equalization of
bounties.
By Mr. ELDREDGE : The memorial of the
city of Sheboygan, for the appropriation of
the full amount of the sum recommended by
the engineer department for the completion
of the Sheboygan harbor, in the State of Wis-
consin.
Also, the petition of citizens of Schleis-
ingerville, in the State of Wisconsin, praying
Congress to devise measures to reduce the
tariff to a strictly revenue basis, to remove as
fast as possible all duties imposed upon ona
man for the benefit of another, or one class
for the benefit of another class, and especially
to abolish all duties upon salt, coal, and iron.
By Mr. BTNKELNBURG: The petition of
Herman Kraut, for pay as major of engineers.
By Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan : The petition
of sundry soldiers, asking an equalization of
pay by an allowance of §8 33J per month for
all actual service, less all boutitres paid.
Also, the petition of Charles H. Taylor and
39 others, asking that all tariff bo taken from
pig iron.
By Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio: The memorial
of Nancy E. Pugh, widow of David H. Pugh,
late captain twenty-seventh regiment United
States colored infantry.
Also, the petition of Thomas Coughlan and
75 others, citizens of Crawford county, Ohio,
praying the repeal of protective duties and
of duties on salt, coal, and pig iron.
Also, the petition of M. Wilson, of the El-
more (Ohio) Courier; of William Stansberry,
of the Genoa (Ohio) Enterprise; of W. W.
White, of the Clyde (Ohio) Independent; and
of Ames & Holgate, job printers, Clyde, Ohio,
praying the removal of duties on type.
By Mr. HANCOCK: The petitions of M.
Talbot and 52 others, citizens of Refugio
county, Texas ; and of Thomas Moony and
60 others, citizens of Caldwell county, Texas,
praying that the taiiff may be reduced to a rev-
enue standard.
By Mr. HANDLEY: A memorial and joint
resolution of the General Assembly of Ala-
bama, in relation to C. E. Thomas, A. H. Dan-
nen, G. H. Ellison, S. H. Brice, and O. S.
Homes, incorporators under the name of tho
Mobile and Perdido Canal Company for the
purpose of constructing a canal from a point
on lionsecours bay, a tributary of Mobile bay,
in Baldwin county, State of Alabama, to Bay
La Lanch, a tributary of Perdido bay, which
canal will be six miles long, nine feet deep, and
fifty-five feet wide.
Also, the petition of Messrs. Roberts &
Richards, proprietors of the Opelika Locomo-
tive, Opclika, Lee county, Alabama, and the
La Fayette Reporter, La Fayette, Chambers
county, Alabama, asking Congress to place type
on the free list.
Also, the petition of E. W. B. Bayzer, pro-
prietor of the Elmore Republican, Wetumpka,
Elmore county, Alabama, asking Congress to
place type on the free list.
By Mr. KETCHAM: The memorial of Gail
Borden, president of the New York Condensed
Milk Company, asking that a duly be imposed
on preserved condensed milk manufactured in
Great Britain.
By Mr. KILLINGER: The address of East-
ern Pennsylvania Distillers' Association, and
citizens of that State, calling attention to and
praying relief from the existing unfair and
partial character of the laws governing the
distillation of whisky.
Also, the memorial of 800 workingmen of
Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, remonstrat-
ing against the reduction of duties on coal and
iron in the interest of labor, and the main-
tenance of home industry.
By Mr. MANSON : The memorial of F. M.
Morris, J. H. Cansler, James Alexander, F.
S. Dunnig, C. A. Brash, M. B. Brown, C. S.
Parker, and 95 others, of Crofton, Kentucky,
all soldiers in the late war to suppress the re-
bellion, praying the speedy enactment by Con-
gress of House bill No. 452, introduced by Mr.
Manson, to grant bounty lands to soldiers who
served in said war, and to the widows and
children of such as have died.
By Mr. McJUNKIN: The petition of
Charles F. Aldinger, T. J. Craig, Andrew
Moore, A. Barnhart, A. S. Miller, J. Mc-
Michael, and 79 others, citizens of Butler
county, Pennsylvania, praying that there may
be no further extension of the Longstroth bee-
hive patent.
Also, the petition of William Watson, of
Buffalo township, Butler county, Pennsyl-
vania, praying the passage of an act granting
him a bounty of $100.
Also, the petition of James Archibald, Adam
Ekas, William Barker, David Kelly, and 21
others, citizens of Buffalo township, Butler
county, Pennsylvania, praying the passage of
an act granting a bounty of $100 to William
Watson.
By Mr. MORGAN: The petition of D. J.
Durfey and 144 others, citizens of Ilicking
