1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
691
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. RAINEY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. Ii. No. 1826) to remove
the political disabilities from persons therein
named; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill, which was read, provides that all
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, by reason of participation in the late
rebellion, be removed from H. W. Carter,
Andrew J. Stringer, and \V. F. Colcoek, of
South Carolina.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it, was
accordingly read the third time, and passed,
two thirds voting in favor thereof.
Mr. RAINEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
education of the people.
The SPEAKER. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor [Mr. Perce]
desires to come to an understanding with the
House in regard to the future management of
a bill reported by that committee.
Mr. PERCE. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 1043) to establish an educa-
tional fund and to apply the proceeds ot the
public lands to the education ol' the people
be taken out of the morning horn1, and that
Friday of this week and Tuesday of next week
after 'half past one o' clock be designated for
the consideration of said bill, to the exclusion
of all other orders; and that the previous ques-
tion be considered as seconded and the main
question ordered at three o'clock on the second
day of debate.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. Is not Friday devoted to
private business ?
The SPEAKER. It would be, unless by
order of the House other business takes pre-
eedence.
Mr. PERCE. My motion is that the bill
shall be considered only after the morning
hour.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
The SPEAKER. Does the chairman of
the committee desire one hour for debate after
the previous question is seconded?
Mr. PERCE. Certainly.
The SPEAKER. The question is on ^sus-
pending the rules and making the order indi-
cated by the chairman of the Committee on
Education and Labor. The Chair will order
tellers, and appoint the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Pf.rce] and the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Summon.]
Mr. PERCE. I desire to say just one word,
if the House will allow mc.
Mr. SLOSS, I object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 wish to say that when
I objected to the order proposed by the gen-
tleman from Mississippi [Mr. Perce] I was
not aware that the motion was made in accord-
ance with an arrangement satisfactory to the
members of the committee. Learning that
fact, I withdraw my objection.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let the order
be made. It will open the morning hour to
work.
Mr. PERCE. The object is to give com-
mittees an opportunity to report. The bill is
now in the morning hour, and is blocking the
whole business of the House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 have withdrawn my
objection, understanding that the arrangement
was satisfactory to the minority as well as the
majority of the committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. I renew it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair appoints the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hot,man] as one
of the tellers, instead of the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldiudge.]
Mr. McINTYRE. I desire to know whether
it is a part of the arrangement that amend-
ments sball be admitted?
Mr. PERCE. I propose to admit amend-
ments on which the sense of the House may
be taken before the bill is finally disposed of.
Mr. HOLMAN. We are to understand that
the bill will be open to amendment generally?
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs that the
understanding shall be explicit as to that
point. Does tho gentleman propose to with-
draw his motion to recommit, so that any gen-
tleman can move amendments?
Mr. PERCE. I propose to admit amend-
ments after the discussion is closed, so that
they may come in without debate.
The SPEAKER. After the discussion is
closcd the gentleman proposes to admit by con-
sent as many amendments as may be offered.
With that understanding, the Chair will again
submit the proposition to a viva voce vote.
Thequestionbeingagain put on Mr. Peruf/s
motion, to suspend the rules, it was agreed to,
two thirds voting in favor thereof.
Mr. KELLOGG. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations is on the floor.
applications for pensions.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I _ask unani-
mous consent to offer the following resolu-
tion.
Tho Clerk read as follows:
Ilcmlvcd, That tho Senate bo requested to return
to this House the bill (11. It. No. 511) entitled A
bill fixing tho time l'rom which pensions heretofore
granted, or which may hereafter bo granted, shall
commence, and extending tho time lor tho tiling ot
applications for the same."
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman re-
port this resolution from tho Committee on
Appropiiations ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not. I
ask that a letter from the Commissioner of
Pensions be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
department of the interior,
pbxsiox office, washington. d. c..
January, 2o, 18/2.
Sir: In accordance with your request,under date
of the 19th instant, through clerk of the Committee
on Appropriations, X herewith present an estimate
of the additional expenditure which would bo in-
curred by tho passage ol House bill No. oil, relative
to the extension of the time within which applica-
tion for pension may be filed, in order to tako eilect
from tho date of discharge or death ol tho person on
whose account tho pension has been or shall here-
after be granted. tii -I
Tho results furnished have been reached by a crit-
ical examination of a number of tho cases on hie so
large and varied as to givo a fair average estimate
of all ca*es that would bo affected by said bill.
Should said bill become a law, it is estimated that
the additional appropriation tlu:i cby induced would
probably reach the sum <>f 000,000, of which
86.01)0,000 would be necessary for the readjustment
of claims already admitted, and the remaining
$20,000,000 would be required lor claims whiuh shall
hereafter he admitted, in installments of which the
exact figures derived by our proportions arc as lol-
!™S:   {.1,870.013
    2,794,052
l5-l    s,095.801
12,,-;    :j,:!9G,9S«
45™   3,098,108
187?    :i,999,2b0
{Xii    2,252,0133
toyS    '2,413,535
    2,575,007
Total g2i.095.ag
The computation ol' the rate at which claims' are
now disposed of is one of the basis ot proportions
above indicated, and shows that the last of J no cas s
probably to be affected by the proposed bill w>1 not
have been adjudicated beforo December, J WO, the
approximately estimated date for Imal action upon
all of them. , ,
Very respectfully, your obedient servant, _
j. H. BAkEll, C'omiiiusionei.
Hon. J. A. CrAEFIELD, Chairman Committee un Appro-
priations.
Mr. MOORE. If it will be in order, and if
I can have the consent of tlie House, I would
like to make a remark or two in reference to
that resolution. .
The SPEAKER. Debate can only proceed
by unanimous consent.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is the resolution before
the House?
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio is to suspend the rules.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will yield to
the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. MOORE. If the resolution will-go by
on an objection I will object to its considera-
tion at the present time, but if it is the purpose
of the gentleman to move a suspension of the
rules and to call the previous question 011 the
resolution, I would like to have the privilege
of making a remark.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I yield to tho
gentleman for a speech.
Mr. MOORE. I wish to say that so far as
the report which lias been read is concerned I
have 110 doubt but that it is made to this House
in good faith, but if it is made in good faith, I
say that it is made upon a very hasty and
careless investigation ol the subject. Irom
the very lirst there has been an attempt made
to prejudge the question in reference to the
extension of the lime of making application
by claimants of pensions, by publications made
in the newspapers, and by dispatches from the.
Interior Departmentto the public press. I have
known, and this llonse knows, that for some
reason or other the Interior Department has
taken it upon itself to make the declaration
that this measure ought not to pass. Now I
take it upon myself to say that the people of
this country are not disposed 1hus to act
toward the men who sustained the very life ol
this country in a lime when the President ot
the United Slates was crying out, " My king-
dom for another man," and yet the lui'ther
we recede from the scenes oi that war the less
we are inclined to appreciate the services of
the men who sullerod in the country's defense.
Now, sir, 1 want to say another thing in refer-
ence to this matter, and that is that I am not
concerned greatly in reference to how ^much
money is required to meet the honest claim ot
these men. If tho claim is just the country is
willing to pay it. It is not manly, in my
opinion, to come lrero and say that because it
involves a large amount of money, theieforo
the Government will not meet these claims
and do its duty toward its defenders.
Now, sir, 1 am willing that this matter
should be fairly discussed, but I am not will-
ing that by the dictation of the lnteiior De-
partment a bill shall be overslaughed in this
House before tho countiy hears of it or be-
fore there is opportunity fully to investigate it.
1 want to state another point in reference
to this question. A report was put forth in
reference to arrears of pensions recently,
stating that the amount involved would be
$15,000,000, and now the Commissioner ot
Pensions issues a statement that itwillauiount
to $32,000,000. The Committee on Invalid
Pensions has sent a request to the becretary
of the Interior, or rather to the Commissioner
of Pensions, asking how many pensioners there
were upon the roll in 1807, tho time when the
limitation commenced to operate in certain
cases, and how many on the pension-roll 111
1868, how many claimed back pensions, and
so on from year to year to the present tinif*.
This report has not yet been received. Yv e
are waiting for that report. \\ e intend to in-
vestigate the question thoroughly, and to ascei -
tain as far as it is possible what the expense
will be. But then, sir, we saythatthe.se claims
ought to be met, and that this ery that the
expense will be a heavy one js no argument.
It is an easy thing for this House to vote an
appropriation ot $;j0;000 to feed an expedition
from abroad that is to come, to this capital,
and it is an easy thing for them when some
great matter is before the House to make
large appropriations, but when small cuuins
are to be dealt with, claims of those who suf-
fered in defense of this country, there is a tre-
mendous hue-and-cry from a certain quarter
concerning it, I hope the resolution will not
be considered.
