8380
tee congressional globe.
May 13,
this land for three bloody years, he published
the book which I hold in my hand, in which, in
explanation and analysis of his opinions as
published in 1860, he stated that what he
meant was substantially this: that if upon
consultation, convention, and the like, the
South still desired, with any considerable
approach to unanimity, a separate existence,
then they should be allowed to go.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I rise to a
point of order. I submit that this is not a
personal explanation, bat a political speech.
The SPEAKER. The House granted leave
to the gentleman to make an explanation per-
sonal to himself.
Mr. STEVENSON. The question which
the gentleman from Pennsylvania raises was
settled in the case of the personal explana-
tion of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Mr."SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Does the
Chair hold that this speech of the gentleman
from Indiana is an explanation personal to
himself?
The SPEAKER. The only point on which
the Chair could abridge the latitude of debate
under these circumstances would be on the
ground of interference with the right of any
other member.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I deny the
right of the gentleman to make a political
harangue under the guise of a personal explan-
ation.
Mr. VOORHEES. It is just as disagreeable
to me to make these remarks as it is to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to listen to them;
but I believe it to be my duty to do so, and I
have never faltered in the line of my duty
heretofore. Looking over my brief career in
the past, no one can say that I have ever com-
promised my political principles ; and it is in
obedience to a feeling of public duty that 1
stand here and speak as 1 do this morning.
I repeat, then, that after three years of war,
the same sentiments stand reiterated by Mr.
Greeley in his History of the American Con-
flict. It, is for the American people to con-
sider whether a man shall be elevated to the
Presidency of the United States who stands
committed to the doctrine that who ever
desires to dissolve connection with this Govern-
ment has the inalienable right to do so.
Such views might possibly commend Mr.
Greeley to some people in this country. They
will not, however, when his subsequent course
is called to mind. At the period of which I
have spoken, when these sentiments were pub-
lished by Mr. Greeley, the southern people
rend them as coming lrom the organ of a vic-
torious political party—a new Administration
coming in bearing its principles to the front—
and the great organ of that party told our dis-
satisfied southern countrymen that they could
go, and there would lie no war.
Sir, since the war many of those people
from the highest to the humblest have told me
with deep emotion, and calling God to wit-
ness, thai more than anyone thing the declar-
ations of Mr. Greeley satisfied them that they
could have a separate existence under a form
of government to suit themselves. Yet when
the southern people did what this man told
them they had the inalienable right to do, no
wild beast hungry for blood ever screamed
for his prey as he shouted "On to Rich-
mond;" as he clamored to kill every one of
them for doing what he had told tliem they
had the right to do.
That is a solemn page of history that can
never be reversed. The waters of the ocean
cannot wash it out. Mortal man cannot gam-
say it. A red sea of blood was not enough to
satisfy him. He shouted incessantly, piti-
lessly, and remorselessly his war cry, "On to
Richmond." No general was swift enough,
no army moved fast enough. When disaster
overtook our arms, he had been so blood-
thirsty that the public sentiment of the North
required him, as it were upon bended knees
and with bated breath, to beg pardon for his
sanguinary and inhuman ferocity.
And when, in 1862, Congress passed the act
which, by its terms, confiscated the homes and
the lands of all the men, women, and children
in the South who had sympathized with the re-
bellion, (and who in that section did not?)
Mr. Greeley gloried in and lauded it. Not
content with the lives of the people, their prop-
erty as well was a welcome sacrifice to him.
Sir, others may do as they choose. As for me
and my household, I worship at no such shrine
as has been erected to this man.
Parties to be successful must be bound to-
gether by principle. I am told we need suc-
cess. 1 desire it as much as any one, but
there is something which is better far—higher
than success and sweeter to my heart. Once
the leader of a great cause, whose name I
mention with veneration, said it was better
to be right than to be President. Permit
me to say that it is better to be right than to
succeed.
The Democratic party has three million
votes, and to-day, in behalf of this noblest and
truest band of men the world ever saw, I enter
my protest against any attempt to transfer
them to a camp where they have nothing to
gain and everything to lose.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. Let me ask the gentle-
man from Indiana a question. Will he sup-
port the candidate of the Democratic national
convention to be held in Baltimore, whoever
that candidate may be?
Mr. VOORHEES. I am in the habit of
voting for Democratic'nominations, but the
gentleman from New York will have great
difficulty in answering that question as 1 do,
unless I am mistaken in regard to his own
political career. [Laughter.}
But, Mr. Speaker, I do not despair of suc-
cess. The disaffoctions in the Republican
party are known to all men. I have defined
my position. I am in favor of standing by the
Democratic party. I shall vote for the man
who represents them when I find him in the
field. I shall not vote for any man who
speaks of me and my party in the following
language:
" Point wherever you please to an election district
which you will pronounce morally rotten—given up
in great part to debauchery and vice—and that dis-
trict will bo found at nearly or quite every election
eiving a larae majority for that which styles itself
the Democratic party." * * * * "Take
all tho haunts of debauchery in the land, and you
will find nine tenths of their master spirits active
participants of thatsamo Democracy." * * *
* "May it be written on my grave that I never
was a follower, and lived and died in nothing its
debtor."
[Laughter.]
This is the voice of the Cincinnati nominee.
Sir, it is sometimes said, and I regret to
hear if, that this nominee went bail for Jeffer-
son Davis. It is too narrow a platform for a
presidential campaign. [Laughter.] It is a
most dangerous appeal, a most mischievous
issue to raise between the man who put Mr.
Davis in jail and the man who bailed him out.
It would not be a prudent issue, and as a
friend of the southern people I implore them
not to make it. It will arouse a feeling which
is rapidly passing away, for the soldier ele-
ment of the North is magnanimous and just
and good. It will, in other respects, provoke
a comparison not favorable to the nominee of
the Cincinnati convention. A hundred mil-
lions of property stood ready to bail Mr. Davis.
He was not helpless; he did not need support;
the whole South would have bailed their own
prisoner. But there was a Lime when Andrew
Johnson and his administration, especially
guided by his Secretary of War, desired to
arrest Robert E. Lee and Joseph E. Johnston
and other prominent leaders of the South. But
one man could prevent it. That man is now
the Chief Executive of this nation. General
Grant at that time stepped forward and told
the authorities that he had taken the paroies of
those distinguished confederates as soldiers
and those paroles should be respected. [Ap-
plause.]
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. The ap-
plause comes from gentlemen on the other
side, and it is fitting that it bhould (Jo so.
Mr.VOORHEES. I fear, Mr. Speaker, that
if I should be driven to take the stump and
press the claims of Mr. Greeley, I should find
a candidate opposing him who had done more
and kinder things for the South than he had.
In response to the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Speer] I regret to say anything. In
passing, however, I will observe that his re-
mark in regard to the applause'does not very
well become one who steadily votes on the
Republican side on the subject of the tariff.
Mr. RANDALL. My colleague is acting
in accordance with the interests of his con-
stituents, which the gentleman from Indiana is
not doing in the interest of his party.
Mr. VOORHEES. The gentleman has a
right to his conviction, and I to mine. But if
gentlemen in the interest of a high protective
tariff think to drive me out of my position
they are very much mistaken. I assail nobody,
but I shrink from nobody.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. The gentle-
man should hasten to the White House for his
reward.
Mr. SHERWOOD. I believe the speech
of the gentleman is made in the interest of
the Republican patty.
Mr. ROOSEVEL T. It has been rumored
that the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Vooit-
iiees] has been to the White House.
Mr. VOORHEES. In response to the re-
mark of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Roosevelt] and all others who indulge in a
similar strain, I say that I have not crossed the
threshold of the White House for more than
three years, and whoever says otherwise utters
a foul calumny and an infamous falsehood,
and I cram it down his throat. I presume
that will not be repeated.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I made that statement
upon the information of others. Itwas stated
to me two days ago that an interview had oc-
curred between the gentleman from Indiana
and the occupant of the White House, and it
was upon that I made the statement.
Mr. VOORHEES. Then he consorts with
men who do not tell the truth. ISo interview
of any kind has occurred between General
Grant and myself for over three years.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. That is for thegentle-
man to say, as he is accused of consorting
with him.
Mr. VOORHEES. I have made the re-
marks which I felt due to myself. I arraign
no man's motives for differing from me. I
allow no man to arraign mine. If my polit-
ical grave yawns at my feet I am content. I
have been here for some years. I have never
belied my conscience, and I do not intend to
do so now. I speak for myself, and not by
way of arraigning anybody else. I shall en-
gage in no personal controversies unless they
are forced upon me. I thank the House for
its courtesy in listening to my remarks, and
I am done.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman whether he would have voted for Judge
Davis, and advocated his election to the Pres-
idency, if he had been nominated at Cin-
cinnati?
Mr. VOORHEES. Judge Davis represents
many sentiments in accord with my own.
Mr. RANDALL. He is a Republican.
Mr. VOORHEES. That is not the point.
I cannot join a combination which represents
nothing I am for. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Randall] and 1 have been too
long together in this House to now become
irritated because of a difference of opinion.
Mr. RANDALL. Do not suppose that I
am irritated.
Mr. VOORHEES. Certainly I hope not.
But, in reply to the gentleman, I would answer
that on the great questions of constitutional
