692
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to say
two things in response to the gentleman from
Illinois, and the first is, that so far as I know
the Pension Office have done only their duty in
responding to categorical questions submitted
to them. The Committee on Appropriations
authorized me as their organ to make this in-
quiry of the Department. I made it, and asked
them to take their time in making the estimate.
The Commissioner of Pensions was before the
committee, and the Secretary of'the Interior was
there, and what they said to us was subsequent-
ly put down in writing in more careful detail.
That report has come to us, and I know of
no other action whatever taken in that Depart-
ment except this in response to a demand of
a committee of this House, which it was their
duty to make. If there is any fault in the
matter, it is the fault of the Committee on
Appropriations. They felt, when a bill like
that had passed tliis House at an early hour
of the day's session, at fifteen minutes past
twelve o'clock, when it did not appear that the
attention of the House waa called to it; when
there was no debate upon it; when there were
no yeas and nays on it; when there was not
even a rising vote upon it—the Committee on
Appropriations thought it was well to see to
what extent that bill would go in its demands
upon the Treasury. I want to eny to the gen-
tleman that it is not merely a question of jus-
tice that we are talking of. All these men are
now on the pension-rolls who served in our
late war, ana they are to-day drawing their
pensions month by month. The country has
given their gratuity to these people, and given
it worthily,! doubt not, in at least three fourths
of the cases.
Now shall we, with one stroke of the pen,
by one act that it took us but a minute to pass,
make our entire peusion laws and all our pen-
sions under those laws revert back to the period
when (lie injury was received, and at a single
blow add more than thirty two million dollars
to tiie expenses of this Government., without,
any investigation at all? The gentleman says
the committee are investigating this matter. I
am glad to hear it; I only wish thoy had made
their investigation before the bill passed this
House. All i ask is that the bill may be brought
back here and referred to them for considera-
tion. _ I do not ask the House to net adversely
upon it; I ask only that the bill maybe brought
back here in order that it may receive what it
never had before, a hearing in this House;
that is all.
Those gentlemen who have charge of our
pension-rolls tell us that this bill, if it shall
become a law, will add $.32,500,000 to our
expenses. The Secretary of the interior says,
and the Commissioner of tensions concurs with
him, that one fourth of ail the pensions on our
rolls to day are, in his judgment, deliberate
and outrageous frauds. Now, one fourth, or at
least one eighth of this $32,600,000 will go
to sharpers and rascals, to the claim agents
of the country, who are not soldiers, and who
have no right to this gratuity from the Govern-
ment.
Mr. MAYNARD. If so many of these
pensions aro fraudulent, why does not the
Commissioner of Pensions correct the fraud?
He has ample power to do it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let me finish
my statement. When the bill comes back
here, I understand it will be in the condition
of a bill on its reconsideration. I believe
this is rather a new question in parliamentary
law, and therefore I will appeal to the Speaker
to state the condition of the bill when it comes
back from the Senate under this resolution.
Will it not then be in the condition of a bill
•whose passage has been moved to be recon-
sidered?
1 he SPEAKER. There is no direct rule
upon the subject. But if, under a suspension
of the rules, the House should request of the
Senate the return of the bill, the Chair would
entertain a motion to recommit, so that the
action of the House upon it could in that way
be revised.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I wish the House
to remember that when we take action like
this in the name of sympathy, or even in the
name of justice, we should be sure that our
sympathy and our justice are not made the
means of feeding a vast crowd of rascals who
follow in the wake of all good things, so that
they may pick up in the name of Christian
charity whatever crumbs they can.
Mr. BIRD. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations [Mr.
Gakfield] if he has ascertained through the
Department whether these rascals get upon
the pension-roll through this House and its
Committee on Pensions, or through the De-
partment itself?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I mean no reflec-
tion on this House or upon its committee.
But I will say to the gentleman, that the Com-
missioner of Pensions, as well as the Secretary
of the Interior, were questioned on that sub-
ject, and they said that this was the manner
in which these frauds were committed : claim
agents, lawyers, who had nothing else to do
but to work up matters of this sort, briefless
barristers, went around to those who had been
in the Army, and drummed up cases, made up
claims for them, in many cases got forged
evidence of disability, or forged evidence of
soundness before they went into the Army;
that the worst possible cases were those best
proved. In othor words, the man who gets up
a thoroughly rotten case, would, when he started
out to lie, do so strongly and unscrupulously,
and hence his papers would be prepared in the
most complete and convincing manner. Both
these officers told us that in this way papers
had been brought to tliem which on their face
were conclusive as to the rights of the parties;
and it was only hero and there that they had
"smoked out'' a dishonest agent, finding some-
times that a hundred cases had been got through
on papers which were frauds from the begining
to the end. That was the reason we inserted
in the appropriation bill last week an increase
of nearly fifty thousand dollars to enable the
Commissioner of Pensions to ferret out frauds
on the pension-list. He told us that he had
almost come to the conclusion that it would be
wise to print, at the expense of the Govern-
ment, the entire list of pensioners, and to post
up in counties and towns the rolls of those
drawing pensions from the particular vicinity,
so that all good citizens might be invited to
examine those rolls, and help the Government
in ferreting out these frauds.
Now, sir, groaning under such a load as the
Pension Office is now groaning under, it is not
surprising that the officers should feel some
anxiety when this enormous additional weight
is about to be put on their shoulders. They
ought, to feel such an anxiety; and I hope no
member of this House wili blame them for
feeling it, but that members will rather assist
them ill making the way clear to put our pen-
sioners in such a position that they will receive
the justice and even the gratuity of the Gov-
ernment without opening the door to the
frauds that are now being perpetrated upon
that Department. I hope that no man in this
House will object to the passage of this reso-
lution for the return of the bill referred to.
I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey,
[Mr. Bird.]
Mr. BIRD. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say
that in the last Congress the Committee on
Invalid Pensions very steadily refused to allow
to petitioners back pensions. I thought that
resolution of the committee wise and just;
and I am exceedingly obliged to the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Oar/ield] for putting this
question in the shape in which it is now pre-
sented, in order that the subject may be more
deliberately considered by this House. There
are now before the committee a hundred or
more petitions asking these back pensions.
We have laid them aside for the purpose of
considering their merits very fully and care-
fully, and if possible presenting a bill which
may elicit more deliberate action on the part of
the House than this question has yet received.
The question presented for consideration
is, whether these petitioners are justified in
asking to have their pensions extended back ?
Shall they be paid a larger amount than they
have hitherto received ? The question is not
whether the Government is being imposed
upon by rascals; it is not whether here and
there an individual is filling his pockets by
taking advantage of this gratuity. No, sir;
let that question be determined in the proper
department. It will, I believe, be properly
determined by the Commissioner of Pensions;
and 1 trust this Congress will give him ample
power to ascertain who the rogues and rascals
are and to bring them to condign punishment.
I understand that he already has the power to
do so ; and I bid him God speed in executing
justice upon the rascals; fori have discovered
long since that these rascals are numerous.
Cases prepared by them come before our com-
mittees in various forms—cases supported by
affidavits verifying on their face every essen-
tial fact in the case. Over and over again we
have had the strongest evidence of the great-
est amount of rascality perpetrated upon the
Government through this particular species of
chicanery. I say it should cease, and the
sooner the better.
But the great and important quostion for this
House to determine is, whether or not these
individuals,who have suffered so severely in the
service of their country, who have lost eyes,
feet, arms, legs, whose families are suffering,
whose infant children, in many cases, have but
insufficient support, shall receive an increased
bounty at the bands of this wealthy Govern-
ment. As I have said, it has heretofore seemed
to me wise and just to resist these app ications ;
but when I consider the repeated claims of
this kind, the large number of the petitioners,
and the anxiety manifested by thetn, I am con-
strained to pause, and am willing that the ques-
tion shall again be brought before this House.
Mr. MOORE. Mr Speaker, I wish to call
the attention of the House to the fact that this
bill passed the House twice during the last
Congress, but did not reach the Senate. It
was again passed in this House after due de-
liberation and report by the Committee on
Invalid Pensions. When the law of 18t>2 was
first passed the limitation was fixed at three
years, and subsequently it was extended to a
period of five years. Scarcely any of the
claims before the Pension Bureau bad been
affected by the limitation before 1867. Now
the law is they are to be paid back to the
date of the death or to the time when the
right to the pension accrued, provided they
are filed in time. Up to this very time there
are pensions being granted in the Pension
Bureau to persons now applying, which reach
back to the date when the right to the pension
accrued, simply for the reason that they have
applied within live years. There are Other
cases equally meritorious, which have no sort
of fault to them on the face of the earth,
except that they failed to apply before the
expiration of the five years after the right
accrued, and are therefore cut off from having
their pensions dated baqk to the date of death
or to the time when the right accrued. There
are hundreds of cases of just this soit coming
to the Committee on Invalid Pensious every
day, and if this House refuses to extend the
time it will be unjust to these people, for be
it understood they are as meritorious as any
of those cases where the right has been
granted to have the pension go back to the
(late of death or the time the right to pen-
sion accrued.
I ask you, Mr. Speaker, and gentlemen of
the House, how are we to undertake to deal
with these appeals which come to us for relief?
There are numerous instances of poor widows
and orphans living in obscure sections of the
