THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
Chair will appoint the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. Ferry.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 2208) making appro-
priations for the repair, preservation, and com-
pletion of certain public works on rivers and
harbors, and for other purposes, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 136) ap-
pointing commissioners to inquire into depre-
dations on the frontier of the State of Texas
was read twice by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is a joint
resolution in regard to depredations alleged to
have been committed by foreigners upon the
Texan frontier. The Chair thinks it came
from a member from Texas in the House, and
perhaps not from any committee. The Sen-
ator from Texas has risen, and will state to
what committee he wishes it referred.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I should like
to have it considered at once. It is an import-
ant matter.
Mr. SHERMAN. Has it been referred at
all?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has not.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I understand
it has been examined by the Committee on
Foreign Relations and the Committee on In-
dian Affairs of the House of Representatives,
and reported favorably by both committees,
and I believe it passed the House without any
division.
Mr. PATTERSON. The Committee on
Retrenchment at one time had that matter
under consideration, and made quite a lengthy
report upon it. I am sure the subject ought
to be acted upon at once.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution will be reported subject to'objection,
unless some Senator objects now.
Mr. CASSERLY. it seems to me that a
resolution of that importance, involving the
relations between this country and a foreign
country, had better be referred to the appro-
priate committee.
Mr._ HAMILTON, of Texas. I have no
objection if the Senator desires it.
rhe \ ICE PRESIDENT. It must be re-
ferred if there is a single objection.
Mr. CASSEKLY. I dislike very much to
object, but at the sarau time I think it ought
to be considered by a committee. I trust the
Senator from Texas will agree to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What committee
does the Senator suggest?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. 1 move its
reference to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
The motion was agreed to.
TRANSIT OF VENUS.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up Senato bill No.
963, and after it is taken up I will give way to
the morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In pursuance of
notice given yesterday and on previous occa-
sions, the Senator from South Carolina desires
to call up Senate bill No. 693, making an appro-
priation for instruments to be used in taking
Observations upon the transit of Venus in 1874,
reported from the Committee on Education and
Labor, which he was to take up yesterday but
could not in consequence of the pressure of
other business, yielding to the morning busi-
ness after it is taken up, as he desires to speak
upon it. The Chair hears no objection. The
billis taken up. The Chair will now receive
petitions.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition ofR.
B. Pruett, of Coosa county, Alabama, praying
the removal of his political disabilities ; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Ohio, late soldiers, praying for an
equalization of bounties, and to be allowed to
enter public land unconditionally; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER presented a memorial of
ship-owners and others, remonstrating against
the passage of an act creating a board of ship-
ping commissioners for the merchant marine ;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. SUMNB R. I also present three several
memorials from citizens of New York, pro-
testing against an amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States so as to allow a
person of foreign birth to be made President
of the United States. They say that such an
amendment would imply "that there is no
native born citizen fit to be President of the
Republic, and that we must import a statesman
from Europe to rule over us." I move the
reference of these memorials to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Iowa in favor of the passage of
an act to place lumber on the free list; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. FENTON presented the petition of
Lucinda H. Lyon, mother of William F. Lyon,
deceased, late a lieutenant in company A,
seventy-seventh regiment New York volun-
teers, who was killed in battle, praying to be
allowed arrears of pension ; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CLAYTON presented a memorial of
members of the bar of Arkansas, asking that
that State be established as one district for
circuit court purposes, and that the capital be
fixed as the place in which the terms of the
court shall be held ; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. AMES. I present a petition signed by
all, or nearly all, of the Republican members
of the Legislature of Mississippi, praying Con-
gress to pass a law equal in its purposes and
giving effect to the civil rights bill, commonly
known as Mr. Sumner's amendment to the
general amnesty bill. I move that it lie on
the table and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER presented a petition of offi-
cers of the Masonic Lodge of Georgetown,
South Carolina, praving compensation for the
destruction by the United States troops of the
Masonic hall in that town owned by them in
the year 1865 ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, presented the
petition of Hiram W. Hayden, praying an
extension of his patent for manufacturing brass
kettles ; which was referred to the Committee
on Patents.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia, from the
Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
the petition of Margaret B. Franks, heir-at-law
of Thomas Franks, deceased, praying to be
compensated for supplies furnished the Army
of the United States, submitted a report accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 983) for the relief of
Margaret B. Franks, heir-at-law of Thomas
L. Franks, of Green Bay, Wisconsin.
The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
1545) for the relief of Naomi A. Stevens,
of Jackson county, Michigan, submitted an
adverse report thereon.
The report was ordered to be printed, and
the bill was indefinitely postponed.
Mr. SCOTT. I am also directed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the
bill (fL R. No. 1094) for the relief of Charles
A._ Weidner, to report it back with a very
unimportant amendment, and recommend its
and I ask that the bill may be put
upon its passage now. It is verv brief.
The VICE PRESIDENT. "The Senator
from South Carolina obtained the consent of
the Senate to have the remainder of the morn-
ing after the regular morning business for
the consideration of a bill.
Mr. SCOTT. If this bill gives rise to the
lease discussion I will not press it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read, subject to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. PATTERSON. I must object to the
passage of that bill this morning. I know
something about that matter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Hampshire objects, and the bill
will be placed oh the Calendar.
Mr. STOCKTON, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 849) authorizing corrections to be made
in errors in prize lists, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. STEWART, from the* Committee on
the Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 734) granting to the Utah
Southern Railroad Company a right of way
through the public lands for the construction
of a railroad and telegraph line, reported it
with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 821) granting the
right of way through the public lands, to the
Utah Noi'thern Railroad Company, reported it
with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 896) to extend
the time for the completion of the Atlantic
and Pacific railroad, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. PATTERSON, from the Committee on
the District of Columbia, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 974) to further define
the duties of the Board of Health of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported it without amend-
ments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 613) relating to
the issue of bouds by the authorities of the
District of Columbia, and to prevent the in-
crease of the debt of the District, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1552) in
relation to the construction of a new jail for
the District of Columbia, reported it with an
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 973) to fund cer-
tain liabilities of the city of Washington exist-
ing June 1, 1871, and to limit the debt of and
taxation in the District of Columbia, reported
it with an amendment.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 365) to secure equal rights in
the public schools of Washington and George-
town, reported it without amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 1666) to establish certain
post roads, have directed me to report it back
with certain amendments and to ask for its
immediate consideration. I hope the Senate
will allow it to be disposed of at once.
Mr. POMEROY. Is there any legislation
in it?
Mr. RAMSEY. None at all.
Mr. EDMONDS. Has it been printed?
Mr. RAMSEY. It has been with the exoep-
tion of some few slight amendments.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Has it been printed in
its present condi; ion?
Mr. RAMSEY. Not in its present condition.
Mr. EDMONDS. Then it had better be
printed in its present condition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
ordered to be printed, and placed on the Cal-
endar.
