1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
693
country who had bo conception of their rights
under the Government, and never made appli-
cation till some one happened to suggest they
were entitled to pensions. This nation, in view
of the services rendered by these people can-
not afford to be unjust to them at this time.
Our stupendous war brought into the service
of the Government people from all classes,
from the lowest classes, and people of every
nationality. I have in mind the case of a
foreigner now in this city, who, after having
taken out his naturalization papers entered the
service and was crippled for life, and it is only
within a few months past that he has learned
from one of his own countrymen, the minister
resident, that he was entitled to a pension.
He made his application, and now can get
a pension only from the date of filing last
proof. Now, does the Government propose
to provide by law that it. shall take advantage
of the ignorance of these people, and to deny
them what they are justly entitled to, because
they have not made their application in due
time, and when the failure to make applica-
tion was really no fault of theirs?
I wish to say to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations [Mr. Gakfield] that
the extension of the time does not play into the
pockets of the claim-agents. There is a law
now on the statute book that no claim-agent
shall have any pay whatever for securing to
any man l>is back pension. Wo propose that
shall stand in the law as it is to-day, and that
no claim agent shall reap any benefit from this
act. There will therefore be no new stimulant,
applied to busy agents by this new act of
which thegentleman complains ; no new frauds
can thus arise. The measure only relieves those
who are already adjudged to be meritorious
claimants.
Now then, Mr. Speaker, I contend that this
Government is able to be .just. If there is any-
thing which appeals to this people more than
anything else, it is the condition of crippled
soldiers and suffering widows and orphans in
this country, who an in distress because of the
invaluable services they have rendered to this
Government in the time of its peril. I remem-
ber well the time when wo felt that our church-
es, school houses, institutions of learning, our
farms, our homes, and even our lands were
almost worthless, so long as along line of gray-
backs stood in stubborn array against the life
of our great Republic. I remember when we
resolved to prosecute the war until the last
rebel foe yielded to the authority of the
Government. It was in consequence of the
heroic support of our people in response to
every appeal for help that we are now the
greatest Government in the world. It is be-
cause of the patriotism of our people, which
never manifested itself so grandly and so glori-
ously in any country before. When 1 remem-
ber all these tilings, 1 for one shall never
consent to any act of injustice on the part of
the Government toward the soldiers who sus-
tained us during the rebellion. I remember
very well when I and my iriend from Ohio
were riding on horseback in the Army, and the
weary soldiers trudged on in the mud before
us, and I swore then that I would never forget
the private soldier who fought in defense of the
country. I say it is small, and it is little in the
Government to say, because fifteen or twenty
millions of money are to be spent we will not
do justice to these men. We would have given
our right eye, we would have given our title-
deeds, rather than not to have these men brave
during the war, and in defense of the country,
when every interest was in peril.
One word more. It has been stated that
one fourth of our pensions are fraudulent
claims. I take it on myself to say that no
man knows it to be true, and such a statement
should not be uttered before the country with-
out some evidence of its truth. I do not be-
lieve the statement. It is extravagant, and
it is eminently unfair that such a statement
should be made without the most positive
evidence to sustain it. This House do not
believe the statement; the country do not
believe it, and cannot, unless they should con-
clude that the Pension Bureau is a nuisance,
and ought to be abated.
I admit that there have been frauds perpe-
trated in this direction, and in what other
department have there been no frauds. But
since the passage of the act to pension soldiers
of the war of 1812, we have heard most in
reference to such frauds. But I say that if
every fourth man that was pensioned was pen-
sioned fraudenfly, there is certainly a screw
loose somewhere in the Pension Bureau.
They certainly ought to have managed better
than to have been overreached by every fourth
man who was preferring his claim. But I do
not believe that, sir. 1 have the utmost con-
fidence in the Commissioner of Pensions. I
believe that he is a gentleman, and I believe
that he proposes in every respect to do his duty,
and I would not intimate anything to the con-
trary, but he must excuse me for not agreeing
with him hero.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have given
the gentleman and the House my authority for
these statements. I now call for the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. The motion is to sus-
pend the rules, and debate has been proceed-
ing by unanimous consent.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I asked unani-
mous consent to introduce a resolution and
have the action of the House upon it, and I
heard no objection.
The SPEAKER. No objection to what?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. To passing the
resolution.
The SPEAKER. Docs the gentleman then
understand that the resolution was passed, and
that debate has been proceeding since by
unanimous consent?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I understood
that this was a resolution which does not re-
quire a suspension of the rules. I asked unan-
imous consentto introduce it for consideration,
and no objection having been made, it was
introduced and debated.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not think
that that was the apprehension of the House.
It certainly was not his. This is suspension
day. Resolutions are introduced to-day be-
cause two thirds of the House can control
action, and unanimous consent is not needed.
Would the gentleman have withdrawn his
resolution if unanimous consent had been with-
held?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. _ I asked unani-
mous consent. The Chair inquired if the
resolution was reported from my committee,
and I replied that it was not.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Ohio
may be stating correctly what was his under-
standing. But the Chair understood that the
resolution was introduced under the power to
move for a suspension of the rules. If the
gentleman merely sought to introduce it by
unanimous consent, that can be determined
now.
Mr. CREBS. If unanimous consent^ be
necessary to a consideration of the resolution,
I object now.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood,
and he believes the House understood that the
debate was proceeding by unanimous consent
under a motion to suspend the rules, which is
not debatable. And he apprehends that the
House would consider that an undue advan-
tage was taken of its consent if a call for the
previous question were now admitted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to take
no such advantage of the House, and I now
move to suspend the rules and pass the resolu-
1 °The question being put on suspending the
rules, there were ayes fafty-four.
Before the other side was counted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not desira
any further count.
So (two thirds not having voted in favor
thereof) the rules were not suspended.
ORDER or BUSINESS.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the regular
order, and if there is no motion to adjourn
pending, I make that motion.
The SPEAKER. One 'or two gentlemen
desire to introduce bills for reference.
JACOB DAVIS.
Mr. NBGLEY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. It. No. 1327) for the relief
of Jacob Davis, late a secona lieutenant iu
the eighty-fifth Pennsylvania infantry volun-
teers ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
ItKSUM) OF INTEREST TO MISSOURI.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (II. R. No.
1328) to refund interest paid by the State of
Missouri on money expended by her on account
of the war for the suppression of the rebel,
lion ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. McIIENRY. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill removing the political dis-
abilities of L. A. Sypert, Luke W. Trafton,
A. J. Sisk, and John Couch, of Kentucky.
Mr. CONGER. I object.
Mr. McUENRY. I hope the gentleman
will not insist on his objection. These parties
are asking for this relief. I have their letters
in my possession. Three of them had been
deputy clerks, and the other only a constable. .
Mr. CONGER. Let the bill be read.
The bill was read.
Mr. CONGER. I withdraw my objection.
There being no further objection, the bill /
(fl. It. No. ]329) was received, read three
times, and passed.
SALT LAKE AND T0KTLAND ltAILROAI).
Mr. SLATER, by unanimous consent, from
tho Committee on the Public Lands, reported
a substitute for the bill (H- It. No. 137) grant-
ing lands to aid in the construction of a rail-
road and telegraph line from Great Salt Lake
to Portland, Oregon; which was ordered to
be printed and recommitted to the committee,
not to be brought back by a motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. KELLOGG. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion Was agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and seventeen minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BANKS: The petition of Mary J.
Morse, widow of Dr. Julius II. Morse, for a
pension, accompanied by the certificate ot tha
marriage of Miss Mary J. Chubb to Julius H.
Morse, late a physician in the volunteer Army-,
a letter of Hon. John K. Tarbox, State sen-
ator of Massachusetts; an affidavit of G. W.
Garland, M. D., and an affidavit of Dr. Francis
L. Wheaton.
By Mr. BARNUM: The petition of Mrs.
Elizabeth Gavin, for a pension.
By Mr. BEVERIDGE: The petition of
Rowland A. Colby, for arrears of pension.
By Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts: The
petition of John Fraser and others, for com-
pensation for services rendered in examining
the plans and specifications for the jail in
Washington, District ot Columbia, &c.
By Mr. BUFFJNTON: The memorial of
