1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
641
42d Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Beck.
Ho. op Reps.
(lie facts itre better able to determine what is
a juet punishment for a particular offense than
we can possibly be. If the judges of the courts
of the United States cannot be trusted to do
justice to the Government tiiey will be a very
different order of men from those I have ap-
peared before. I always thought my client had
much more to fear from the bias of the judge
than the United States had.
When my colleague on the committee, [Mr.
Kf.m.ky,] in his speech the other day, related
so graphically the scene I bad described in
committee as occurring in Huntsville, Ala-
bama, last fall, where two little boys were
arrested and their wagon arid team seized
because the stamp was not properly obliter-
ated on an empty whisky barrel they were
carrying home to put vinegar in, he forgot
to state that it was because such punishments
are required by existing law that the commit-
tee abolished them, and that I was then strug-
gling to have them abolished, using that illus-
tration as an argument to effect it. The com-
mittee, after full conference with the internal
revenue officers, rearranged on the only true
principle the quantity of water that could be
used in making rnaoh, allowing the "sour
mash" sixty gallons and the '*sweet mash''
forty-five to the bushel, whether the distillery is
large or small ; and we have legalized what the
Department now permits, the right of distillers
to purity their product by running it through
charcoal or other substances in closed pipes i
while in process of distillation so that it should
not be absolutely necessary to have the pro-
duct pass through the hands of rectifiers or
middle-men before it was fit for consumption.
In short, the leading idea of the bill pre-
sented by the committee is an honest, earnest
effort, with as little disturbances to existing
business as possible, to secure to the Govern-
ment without risk aud without dispute the
revenues now derived from that source, and at
the same time remove from the distillers the
many grievances and petty annoyances to
which they are now subjected, by taking off
all taxes except the consolidated tax of sixty-
five cents, which we make payable as the gal-
lon-tax now is. We were guided in fixing the
consolidated tax by the following statement
furnished by the Department:
Thkascky Department,
Office or Internal Kf.vp.sce, ,
Washington, April 5. IST2.
Required the rate of tux per gallon on the produc-
tion of spirits for the last liscal year equivalent to
the present tax ot fifty cents per g iHon, the perdiew
tax on dUtillories, distillers' special and barrel tax,
together with storekeepers' salaries and gaugers
fees.
Total production, (proof gallons,) 5f3,'220.696.
Gallon tax     S_8.110.34S
Birrel tax, including estimated portion _
thereof pa'd as special tax   -
Per diem tax on distilleries  r>'> iio
Storekeepers' salaries 
(iaugers1 fees   
Total $36,994,426
$36,994,426
= 65 8-10 cents.
56,220,696
It will be observed that we give the distiller
the advantage of the fraction, but we give the
Government an absolute lien for the whole
tax, which iien by existing law only extends
to the fifty-cent gallon tax, much of what
tnakes up the presenttotal, being now involved
in risk and controversy, so that both sides are
really benefited. We were fully sustained by
the commission in our view that men engaged
in a manufacture which furnishes the Govern-
ment such vast revenues should be encouraged
aud protected instead of beins; persecuted and
suspected in their honest, efforts to make
money out of their occupation, and that
every means ought to be employed to prevent
and punish illicit and fraudulent distillation,
which, of course, by avoiding taxation, and
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 41.
thus underselling honest manufacturers, de-
stroys them and ruiris their business. To that
end we have provided a liberal export law ;
we have allowed facilities by purification in
process of distillation to perfect the product
so that it can be shipped direct from the dis-
tillery warehouse as a finished product to for-
eign countries without the intervention of mid-
dle-men, whether tbey call themselves recti-
fiers or compounders, who produce nothing,
add nothing to value, but have become rich
solely by the unjust restrictions heretofore
placed upon the distiller which prevented him
from finishing his product and rendered it
imperatively necessary that somebody should
take toll out of it before it could go into mar-
ket for consumption.
We were wholly unable to see why the corn,
rye, and other grain of the West which will not
bear the cost of" transportation to foreign coun-
tries in its original form should not be con-
densed in the shape of, say, sixteen bushels
converted into a barrel of highwines or alco-
hol, which, from its increased value and dimin-
ished bulk, can be profitably transported any-
where with as.littleobsiruction or cost as is con-
sistent with safety to the revenues of the Gov-
ernment ; and all experience has shoTn that
the transferring fiom the distillery to the rec-
tifier, and the loss of identity by the change
there made, has been the most fruitful source
of fraud. The risk is very small when it leaves
the distillery warehouse, with all its original
brands and stamps, direct for the place of ex-
port, under the regulations prescribed by the
Secretary of the Treasury. It is a great mis-
take to suppose that distilled spirits cannot be
safely transported and exported through and
from this to foreign countries ; it is done every
day to and from Canada, and no fraud or
trouble arises from it, as the reports and expe-
rience of the Treasury Department proves.
Our second treaty with Great Britain continues
the system, as will be seen by article twenty-
nine, which is as follows:
"Art. XXIX. It is agreed that, for the term of
yearsmentionedin article thirty-three of this treaty,
isoods, wares, or merchandise arriving at the ports
of New York. Boston, and Portland, and any other
ports in the United States which have been or may,
from time to time, be specially designated by the
President of the United States, and destined for her
Britannic Majesty's possessions in North America,
may be entered at the proper custom-house and
eonveved in transit, without the payment of duties,
through the territory of the United States, under
such rules, regulations and conditions tor the pro-
tection of the revenue as the Government of the
United States may from time to time prescribe; and
under like rules, regulations, and conditions, goods,
wares, or merchandise may be conveyed in tiansit,
without the payment of duties, from such posses-
sions through the territory of the United States for
export from the said ports of the -United States."
It is simply absurd to assert that distilled
spirits manufactured in Canada can be trans-
ported across the United States in bond and
exported from our ports, and that similar
spirits cannot be safely taken from our own
warehouses and transported and exported
equally well, and with as little liability to have
fraud perpetrated in the transportation and
export. The reverse is true. The person and
all the property of our own citizen is within
reach of the law, and liable for the penalty
imposed for the bieach of it- Ihe Canadian
exporter risks noth i ng but the particular goods
in transitu, yet we were assured by the Sec-
retary that the transportation was now made,
and had for years been made, between the
United States and Canada with perfect secur-
ity. We have applied the same regulations
and granted the same right to our own people
which the people of Great- Britain and Canada
now enjoy in that regard, aud I have no doubt
it will operate advantageously to the Govern-
ment and the citizens.
The rectifier claims that he is not fairly
dealt with, first, because by continuous distill-
ation the distiller so far perfects the produet
as to injure his business by making it ready
for market in the process of manufacture. To
that extent I agree he is interfered with, and
ought to be if tie can be dispensed with alto-
gether in that regard. He pays no revenue of
any consequence. Fifty cents a barrel is the
only tax imposed on him as a rectifier, and
he puts a twenty-five cent stamp on each bar-
rel after it is rectified. I wouid not care if
he was taxed only ten cents a barrel and ten
cents for his stamp, or such sum'as would pay
the Government the cost of the stamps fur-
nished. His real grievance in that regard is
that he is no longer to be pprmitted to make
profit out of the unjust restrictions heretofore
imposed on the legitimate manufacturer. What
that class of men who represent a vast amount
of wealth, and consequently are men of influ-
ence, desire above all things, is that they may
have all restrictions removed, ail power to
trace their spirits after they leave their rectify-
ing establishments destroyed, so that when
their compounds once get into the market
tbey may be able to pass them off as gertuine
"Bourbon " or other liquors, and sell them
as such. They have now reached such per-
fection in the art of mixing and compounding,
often by the use of deleterious if not poisonous
drugs, that it is impossible tor ordinary con-
sumers to tell, except by the headache which
follows, whether the spirits are spuriou3 or
genuine.
S A single barrel of genuine copper-distilled
< whisky can be made, as they admitted before
j us, to flavor a dozen barrels of ordinary high'
I wines, with a little sirup, and perhaps fish-
j berries or something else added, and- thus
j enable them to sell the whole at double price.
,i The Committee of Ways and Means did not
II intend to aid fraud or deceit in any way. They
|j determined that each product should have the
]! truth branded or stamped on the cask contain-
i| ing it, and intended that purchasers should
ij know what they were buying and have the
j! means of tracing back the history of the
i] liquors through the books of those with whom
:i they dealt to the rectifier's tub or the distill-
ery warehouse. That is the great objection
the rectifiers have to the bill.
The internal revenue department, as well
the old as the present officials, insisted on the
cimmittee keeping up the present system of
| checks and means of tracing spirits back, assur-
| ing us that if it was not done there was no
j possible way to detect illicit distillation, as a
| twenty-five cent rectifier's stamp on a barrel
| was ail that the illicit holder had to put on to
| make it correspond with the tax-paid spirits.
I Now, by the taxes on sales, aud the require-
ment of books to explain when and to whom
sales are made, any suspected package can be
traced back to a genuine distillery or rectifier's
tub, or the fraud can be instantly detected
and punished. They all assured us that to
break down the present system would be to
renew at once the frauds of 18G8, and destroy
all the honest manufacturers in the country,
and they assured us further that the abolition
of the tax oti sales and of books to trace
spirits by would not- dispense with a single
official, the proposed reduction of officers being
the principal and only plausible argument the
rectifiers and their friends were able to lay
before us.
The committee reformed the existing law
in other regards which I will not notice in
detail, not the least important of which was
to repeal all provisions giving moieiies or
other interests to spies and informers, who
have generally proved to be false witnesses or
otherwise infamous.
In regard to the law relative to tobacco
we had to listen to long, conflicting, and often
contradictory arguments and opinions; indeed,
110 subject perplexed us so much. The De-
partment officials were earnest and decided in
