694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
Penelope T. Heald, of Fall River, Massachu-
setts, praying a pension.
• Also, the memorial of Henry E. Bates and
60 others, citizens of Chatham, Massachusetts,
praying a light-house to be established at
Wood End bar, in Provincetown, Massachu-
setts.
By Mr. COGHLAN: The memorial of
James MeLeary and "235 others, praying Con-
gress to enact a law to prevent the disposalof
the public lands, except to actual settlers, in
limited quantities.
By Mr. COTTON: The petition of citizens
of Scott and Clinton counties, in the State of
Iowa, praying the establishment of a post route
from Davenport via Amity, Allen's Grove, and
Buena Vista, to Calamus, in said State.
Also, the petition of George Grettenberger,
a citizen of the State of Iowa, praying arrears
of pension.
By Mr. DUELL: The remonstrance of
Charles E. Hubbell, Dennis Ryan, and others,
workmen in the Syracuse iron-works at God-
des, New York, against a change of the exist-
ing tariff upon such articles as are successfully
produced in this country.
By Mr. GEl'Z: The remonstrance of 100
iron-workers in the rolling-mill of the Phila-
delphia and Heading Railroad Company, at
Heading, Pennsylvania,against any change of
thu existing tariff laws abating or abolishing
thu duties upon such articles as are successfully
produced in this country, and praying the
repeal of all duties upon tea, coffee, and other
necessaries of life that cannot be jiroduced in
the United States.
By Mr. GOLLADAY: The petition of wine
and liquor dealers in Tennessee, praying a
reform and simplification of the laws for levy-
ing and collecting duties on spirits, &c.
By Mr. GOODRICH: The petition of II.
I). ICiuny and others, envelope mauufactureis,
praying for appropriate legislation reliev-
ing them from Government, competition.
Also, the petition of sundry citizens, (manu-
faetuiers, consumers, &c., of tobacco.) praying
a uniioim (axon manufactured tobacco.
Also, the petition ol Aaron Ogden and
others, journeymen cigar-makers, praying an
increased larilf on imported cigars.
Bv Mr. HALSBY: The memorial of Mr. S.
B. Dodd on behalf of the trustees of the Ste-
vens Institute, at llobokcn, New Jersey, ask-
ing that the internal revenue tax of $47,500
paid by them in 1870 may bo refunded.
Also, the petition of wholesale dealers in
liquor, and rectiliers, of Newark, New Jersey,
asking that all taxes imposed on them be con-
solidated into one tax.
Also, the petition of tobacco manufacturers,
of Essex county, New .Jersey, in favor of a
tax of sixteen cents per pound on all manu-
factured tobacco.
Also, the petition of Thomas Kcnney and
■ others, of Essex county, New Jersey, asking
Congress to tax all manufactured tobacco six-
teen cents per pound.
By Mr. IIAZLETON, of New Jersey: The
petition of citizens of Millville, New Jersey,
for a uniform tax of sixteen cents per pound
on all manufactured tobacco entering the mar-
ket for consumption.
_Also, the petition of citizens of Camden,
New^ Jersey,^ asking that the residue of the
public domain may be set apart for the use
of actual settlers in limited quantities.
By Mr. HBRNDON: Thepetition of Peyton
F. Edwards andothers, citizens of Nacogdoches
county, Texas, praying the repeal of the law
authorizing a deduction of the pay of mail con-
tractors for a failure to deliver mails on account
of high water.
Also, the petition of Douglass Reeves and
others, citizens of Texas, praying an amend-
icent to tlio bankrupt law now in fore© reoiov-
ing all limitation as to the time within which
debts may be discharged under its provisions
By Mr. HOLMAN: The petition of William
T. Pate, praying that certain questions of
claims by him, for indebtedness, against the
United States be referred to the Court of
Claims.
By Mr. HOUGHTON: The memorial of
the Chamber of Commerce of San Francisco,
asking an appropriation for the removal of
Rincon rock in the harbor of San Francisco.
Also, the memorial of citizens of San Fran-
cisco, praying an appropriation for the same
purpose.
By Mr. KERR: The memorial of Rev.
J. T. Johnston, ot Alexandria, Virginia, for
relief against a sale of his property for taxes,
under the Federal direct tax law of 1862, and
asking that certain proceeds of the sale be
repaid to him, less expenses, out of the Treas-
ury.
Also, the petition of the United States let-
ter-carriers of Indianapolis, Indiana, for an
increase of their salaries from $600 or $800 to
$1,200 per annum, alleging the present rates
to be too low to supply comfortable subsistence
to the persons employed, if they have families.
By Mr. K1NSELLA: The petition of the
president and trustees of the South Brooklyn
Savings Bank, of Brooklyn, New York, asking
the repeal of the tax now imposed on savings
institutions.
By Mr. LANSING: The petition of citizens
of Oswego county, Now York, for the repeal of
the tax on savings banks.
By Mr. MAYNARD : The petition of Mrs.
Mary E. Seay, of Knoxville, Tennessee, pray-
ing compensation for property lost while her
premises were used as a small-pox hospital by
the Army during the rebellion.
By Mr. McHENRY: The petition of Mary
J. .loties, praying the Government to relinquish
title to a tract of land in Daviess county, Ken-
tucky.
By Mr. MEIlCUlt: The petition of William
Twist and 48 others, workers in the National
Iron Company's works, of Danville, Pennsyl-
vania, remonstrating against a reduction of
duties upon such articles as are successfully
produced in this country, and in favor of the
repeal of all duties upon tea and coffee, and
other articles of necessity and comfort not
produced in the United States.
By Mr. NIB LACK: The memorial of John
B. Wirt and 18 others, letter-carriers of Indian-
apolis^ Indiana, praying an increase of com-
pensation.
Also, the memorial of J. K. Davison & Co.,
publishers of the Oakland Independent, at
Oakland City, Indiana, praying the abolition
of the duty on type.
By Mr. PACKER: The petition of <T. H.
Landis and 45 others, workers in the Cam-
eron blast-furnace, and citizens of Middletown,
Pennsylvania, praying the repeal of all duties
upon tea, coffee, and such other articles of
necessity or comfort as cannot be produced
in the United States, remonstrating against a
change of the existing tariff laws abating or
abolishing duties upon such articles as are
successfully produced in this country, and fur-
ther praying that duties shall be so adjusted as
to encourage and defend every home industry,
and to foster the honor and interests of the
American laborer.
Also the petition of a number of the work-
men in the Central iron-works, and citizens
of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, praying the re-
peal of all duties upon tea, coffee, and such
other articles of necessity or comfort as can-
not be produced in the United States, remon-
strating against a change of the existing tariff
laws abating or abolishing duties upon such
articles as are successfully produced in this
country, and further praying that duties shall
be so adjusted as to encourage and defend
every home industry, and to foster the honor
and interests of the American laborer.
Also, the petition of Major General John
W. Geary and many others, citizens of Penn-
sylvania, late officers and soldiers of the Army
of the United States, asking the passage of an
act giving to all soldiers, sailors, and marines
who enlisted in the service of the United States
for the suppression of the rebellion, $8 33J
per month for the entire time of service, de-
ducting Government bounty heretofore paid;
also requesting an amendment of the twenty-
fifth section of the act of July 15, 1870, so as
to dispense with the requirements of settle-
ment and cultivation.
By Mr. PARKER, of Missouri: The peti-
tion of S. Adler & Co., Penicks, Loring &
Co., H. R. N. Hartwig & Co., and others, citi-
zens of St. Joseph, Missouri, praying that the
law imposing a tax on distilled spirits may be
amended so that said tax shall be consolidated
into one.
By Mr. PERRY, of New York : The petition
of Margaret Kempf, widow of Peter Kempf,
late first lieutenant fifty-eighth New York vol-
unteers, for an increase of pension. -
Also, the petition of G. A. Birch & Co., of
Albany, New York, andothers, for a modifica-
tion of the tax on distilled spirits.
By Mr. RAINEY: Thepetition of J. Carrie
Wilson, of South Carolina, praying to be indem-
nified for cotton taken in the city of Charles-
ton, South Carolina, by the United States
authorities in 1865.
Also, the petition of Frances L. Wilson, of
South Carolina, praying to be indemnified for
cotton taken in the city of Charleston, South
Carolina, by the United States authorities in
1865.
By Mr. READ: The petition of W. F. Den-
ton, of the twelfth Kentucky cavalry in the war
of the rebellion, praying Congress to allow him
a bounty under the acts of Congress of 1862
and 1863.
Also, the petition of T. S. Coleman and
others, of the twelfth Kentucky cavalry in the
war of the rebellion, praying Congress to allow
them a bounty under the acts of Congress of
1862 and 1863.
By Mr. E. H. ROBERTS: The petition of
the employes of the Rome iron-works, of
Rome, New York, for the repeal of the duties
on tea and coffee, and against the repeal of
duties on articles successfully manufactured in
this country.
Also, the petition of the trustees of the Sav-
ings Bank of Utiea, New York, for the repeal
of the tax on savings banks.
Also, the petition of citizens of Oneida
county, New York, for a uniform tax of six-
teen cents a pound on manufactured tobacco.
By Mr. ROGERS: The petition of the col-
lcctorof customs of the district of Champbiin,
and others, for a breakwater at Rouse's Point,
New York.
By Mr. SHOBER: The petition of Mrs.
Bethany Gay, praying a pension for her son,
Sergeant John M. Gay.
By Mr. SHOEMAKER: Resolutions of
Roberts Post No. 188, Grand Army of the
Republic, Tunkhannock, Pennsylvania, in-
dorsing the provisions of House bill No. 660,
granting bounty land to certain persons en-
gaged ill the military and naval service of the
United States since the 4th day of March,
1861.
Also, the petition of 223 citizens of Canton,
Ohio, asking the passage of House bill No.
600, granting bounty lauds to certain persons
engaged in the military and naval service of
the United States from and after the 4th day
of March, 1861.
Also, the petition of 72 discharged soldiers,
citizens of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, praying
the passage of an act equalizing the soldiers'
bounty, and amending the homestead act of
July 15, 1870.
By Mr. SNAPP: Sundry petitions against
abating duties upon such articles as are suc-
cessfully produced in this country.
By^ Mr. SPEER, of Georgia: The petition
of Michael Gardiner, of Fulton county, Geor-
gia, asking compensation for property de-
