'2486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
Mr. POMEROY. If this causes any debate
I will ask to have it laid aside. I do not think
it will make any, because it has passed the
Senate twice.
Mr. SAWYER. I am at the disposal of the
Senate. I do not wish to object, but I never
have succeeded in 'getting a moment of the
morning hour yet, and I do not know that I
ever shall.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
endeavored to protect the Senator; but if he
does not object the Chair cannot. The Chair
lias no right to object.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope the Senator in
charge of this bill will not press it, The Sen-
ator from South Carolina is fairly entitled to
the courtesy of the Senate, and he ought to
be heard.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio objects, and the bill will be withdrawn
or placed on the Calendar.
Mr. POMEROY. Let it be withdrawn, to
be reported to-morrow.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SCOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 984) granting the right of way through the
public lands to the Denver and Rio Grande
Railway Company; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 985) to authorize the sale
of Middle Ground Island in Saginaw river, in
the State of Michigan ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 986) to settle land titles in the State of
Iowa; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 987) to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to settle the account of Henry War-
ren, late depositary, Oregon City, Oregon ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
TRANSIT OB' VENDS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business has concluded, and the Senate, by
unanimous consent, proceeds as in Committee
of the Whole to consider the bill reported by
the Senator from South Carolina from the
Committee on Education and Labor, lacing
the bill (S. No. 968) making ar. appropriation
for instruments to be used in taking observa-
tions upon the transit of Venus in 1874.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, the appro-
priation asked for in this bill is one which the
position of the United States among the nations
does not permit us to refuse, [t is necessary
to our credit as one of the enlightened peoples
upon whom the responsibilities of civilization
rest. 11 is fit that we do our part in all of
those great, works which that civilization in its
over advancing needs imposes upon its agents
and its beneficiaries. We cannot afford to
withhold our contribution to that fund of sci-
entific acquirement through and by means of
which man becomes more and more fit to bear
the burdens, exercise the prerogatives, and reap
the rewards of the highest of created beings.
It will not be creditable for a people possess-
ing our resources, enjoying our advantages,
and fervently hoping and believing that we are
yet to furnish a higher type of manhood and
nationality than has hitherto been developed,
to leave the savans of other countries to take
alone those steps in science which go to swell
its grand total. National duty, not less than
national pride, urges us to do our full share in
every work of science and art of which the
prosecution is consistent with our frame of
government. Such I believe is the feeling of
every patriot; such I am sure is the feeling of
every patriot scholar, and we can without boast-
ing point with something of just pride to the
part which the people and the Government of
the United States have taken in those great
scientific discoveries and inventions which have
made the last century famous for its tribute to
the sum of human knowledge.
An attempt to enumerate the names of Amer-
icans whose achievements in science have illus-
trated our annals would be impracticable here;
and one who should make such an attempt
would certainly hazard omissions which would
be invidious, and perhaps unjust. We may,
however, be permitted to suggest that so long
as the lightnings flash the great name of Frank-
lin shall be revered by the student of electrical
science as one of the largest contributors to the
development of its laws; that it is to an Amer-
ican whose obsequies we are even now cele-
brating that we owe the establishment of the
more than magical electric telegraph, an in-
strument only just beginning to be appreciated
in its influence on the destinies of the human
family, and a power in the hands of man, the
exercise of which most forcibly reminds us of
the attributes of that Being with whom all
space is here and all time is now.
The name of Fulton suggests to the mind
of every American the greatest and most im-
portant improvement in navigation which has
ever occurred. Whitney's inventive genius
literally changed the face of half a continent
and turned the commerce of the world into
new channels. In the field of the mechanic
arts the triumphs of American inventors have
been so numerous as to forbid enumeration,
and so great that under equal conditions no
nation can compete with us in their products.
The names of Peirce, Gray, Henry, Wyman,
Silliman, of Gould, Dana, Bond, Gibbs, and
Barnard, and a host of others, occur to every
one's mind as eminent, not only at home but
abroad. Bowditch, in his translation of La
M4canique C4leste, added a new luster to the
already brilliant fame of La Place, while he
bound his own brow with unfading laurels.
The triumphs of Agassiz are the triumphs
of one who, though born on foreign soil, is
American all over, and we claim him all for
our own.
The work done at our Naval Obseivatory
would have been creditable to any similar
institution in the Old World ; and to the obser-
vations made and tabulated there is the world
largely indebted for increased safety and speed
in traversing the ocean. Our expeditions to
the Arctic and Antarctic, and to the before
little-known shores of the Pacific, as well as
our explorations of the topographical, geolo-
gical, and mineralogical features of our own
continent, have been worthy of a great, enter-
prising, and knowledge-seeking people.
And now, sir, when by the revolutions of the
bodies which constitute that great solar system
of which our planet forms a part, an import-
ant phenomenon is about to occur, a phe-
nomenon upon the proper observation of which
great scientific interests depend, it is becom-
ing that we should be true to ourselves and do
our part in fixing more accurately if possible
one of those elements upon which are based
many of the calculations which have a prac-
tical bearing upon the interests of science
generally and upon science as it bears upon
navigation in particular.
This element is the distance of the earth from
the sun. _ It is not my purpose to go into an
explanation hereof the importance of an accu-
rate determination of this distance in order to
the correct solution of a great variety of prob-
lems which enter more or less intimately into
matters pertaining to our navigation and com-
merce. I quote briefly from another on this
point:
"When the explorer, the navigator, or the sur-
veyor passes beyond the very limited range of
distance which he can measure with a chain or
triangulate with a theodolite, he has no means of
determining his position except by observation of
the heavenly bodies. Such an observation is useless
without exact tables of the movements of the bodies
observed, by which their position at the time of ob-
servation may be known. If the tables are erroneous
the observer will be led astray by their use. Hence
for more than two centuries enlightened nations
have by every means in their power encouraged the
progress of that branch of astronomy which treats
of the celestial motions.
" In England the official duty of the Astronomer
Royal, as defined in his original warrant of office,
issued by Charles II, is to ' apply himself with
the most exact care and diligence to rectifying
the tables of the motions of the heavens and the
places of the fixed stars, in order to find out the so-
much desired longitude of places for perfecting the
art of navigation.'
"For this purpose the royal Observatory at
Greenwich, with its splendid equipment, is placed
at his disposal. To the incessant labors of the great
astronomers and mathematicians from that time to
this is due the comparative accuracy with which the
positions of islands and shoals can be laid down on
our charts at the present day.
*' The calculated position of a heavenly body
depends on a great number of data, and these data
are so connected that they all mutually depend on
each other. Amongtho most important of them are
the distance of the sun and the motion of the node
of Venus."
It is unnecessary to say that scientific men
all over the world are alive to the necessity of
having careful observations of the phenom-
enon to which I have alluded, when it is known
that it is regarded as the best source from which
data may be obtained from which to verify or
correct the astronomical tables upon the accu-
racy of which so much depends. I refer, of
course, Mr. President, to the passage of the
planet Venus across the sun's disk, which will
occur on the 8th of December, 1874, or what
is technically known as " the transit of Venus."
The planet Venus and the earth revolve about
the sun in snch periods, and in orbits having
such relations to each other, that at certain
times which science enables us to predict with
precision, the former is seen projected upon
the disk of the sun. This interesting event
may occur at intervals of eight years; but a
second transit having occurred after eight
years, a third doe3 not occur until after the
lapse of more than a century.
We have no recorded observations of any
value on the transit of Venus earlier than 1761.
Years before that occurred, scientific societies
and individuals in all civilized countries were
engaged in preparations for taking advantage
of this opportunity to verify and correct astro-
nomical data. The history of these prepara-
tions and the zeal with which they were under-
taken, as well as the extent to which they were
carried, attest the high estimate placed upon
the value of the observations to be made.
The passage of the planet which Homer had
described as—■
" Hesperus, the fairest star in the heavens,"
across the disk of the sun, had been predicted
and awaited for more than a century. As
early as 1629 the great Kepler had predicted
a transit of this planet as to occur in 1631
and 1761; and Gassendi, one of the most
famous astronomers of his time, had made
preparations to observe it in 1631. But an
error of two or three minutes in the calcula-
tions of Kepler as to the latitude of Venus
had misled him. The transit did not occur
till 1639, and was observed by Horrocks, an
English astronomer, who was led to look for
its occurrence by what proved afterward to be
an error in some tables prepared by Lansberge.
The transit of 1639 enabled the makers of
astronomical tables in the seventeenth century
to know the place of the node of Venus with
comparative accuracy, and to determine its
longitude for that day, of which facts Halley
made use in subsequent calculations.
M. Halley, in 1691, suggested that observa-
tions on the transit of Venus could be made
at two different and widely distant places,
which would give the means of calculating
very exactly the solar parallax, and hence the
distance of the sun from the earth, and in
