1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
643
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Affairs in Louisiana—Mr. Smith.
Ho. op Rbps.
and the freedman who deposited that vote was
murdered before he got to bed.
Mr. Speak'-r, far b« it from me to revive
these cruel memories for any other purpose
than to defend a noble party from wicked as-
persions, and to hold the people manfully up,
so far as in y* feeble power goes, to the perpet-
uating and consolidating of the existing wise
and statesmanlike reconstruction of the South.
If there be a sentiment in heraldry which
touches my heart deeply, a sent'ment of lofty
manhood and statesmanship, too. itU "a hand
that gives and a heart that forgives.'' Af the
close of the war the South was willing to ac-
cept the situation in good faith, it hasalieady
passed into the solid stereotype of history ihat
it was the tampering of Andiew Johnson and
the conjuring of the Democratic party of the
North to the South, that direful spring of woes
unnumbered, whicii evoked the devil of mis-
chief which was running riot in the legisla-
tion and conduct of the Democratic party of
Louisiana.
I suppose, sir, I violate no confidence in
repeating this sentiment of the last rebel gen-
eral who surrendered to the Union armies,
"As the blood shed in the English revolution
was scarcely dry when the Puritan and the
Cavalier united to rebuild the broken fabric of
England's greatness, so may the Union man
and the confederate unite with rival zeal to
rebuild the gloiy and maintain the perpetuity
of the American Union/' Sir, that senti-
ment, flowering at last, letu3 trus*, throughout
the South, is the result of a kind but inexor-
able and firm pol cy of reconstruction. Would
that my voice could rt-ach the ear of every
citizen of the Republic as I plead to let well
enough alone; not to conjure anew, witha wand
of affected tenderness, which may again evoke
the slumbering devil of caste-; not to undo a
work so nobly and wisely done, and 44 fly to
evils that we know not of.,J
One crime laid at the door of the Republican
party of Louisiana is the passage ot certain
obnoxious laws giving to the Executive of the
State very great and almost despotic powers.
These laws were passed in good faith, for the
protection of the freedmen, and if honestly
administered no harm or cause of complaint
would have arisen. But, sir, I grant they have
not been honestly administered, and the re-
sult has shown that the Republicans of Louis-
iana in flying from one danger fell in;o another.
But. s-ir, dangerous as those laws have proved
to be, which party should bear the responsi-
bility, the pariy which passed thetn, or the
party who^e wicked persecutions, violence, aud
assassinations made them necessary ? Let the
people judge.
Under the registration law the Governor
was directed to appoint registrars in the sev-
eral parishes of the State, who had control of
the registration of voters, the holding of ejec-
tions, and the counting of the votes. The
State Republican committee nominated regis-
trars who were residents of the parishes, and
no question is made but they were good men.
The Governor beginning a new departure, it
would seem, as early as 1870, refused to ap-
point these men, but appointed, among others,
thirty-six registrars who were non-residents of
the parishes, some of whom were non-resi-
dents of the State and some of whom were
bad men. Some of these registrars fraud-
ulently returned themselves, their clerks, or
intima e friends, as electcd to the Legislature,
who had never received any nomination and
in some cases were not known as candidates
in the parishes whence returned. These
frauds were most scandalous and notoiious,
well known to the Democratic party of Louis-
iana. and were committed sometimes in the
interest of Republican and sometimes in the
interest of Democratic candidates. These
fraudulently returned members were in most
cases unscrupulous adventurers and faithful
adherents of the Governor.
Now, sir, let this House and the country
know the truth, which no man dare deny, that
fro.n the hour of this infamy there was a wide
and impassabiegulf and a deadlyfeud between
the Governor and the Republican party, Jed by
Marshal Packard and Governor Dunn, of
which last the Democratic members of this
committee say in their report:
"In November, 3371, he died. He seems to have been
justly esteemed by tbe citizen^ of'tbe State, irrespect-
ive of party, and hi& death was sincerely lamented,
lie was the political leader of the colored race in
Louisiana, and was unselfishly devoted to their pros-
perity and elevation."
Mortimer Carr, who, the year before, had
represented one of the parishes of the city of
New Orleans, and was clearly proven before
your committee to be a man of b"ad cbarac
ter, is mentioned in the report of the Demo-
cratic nierribers of the committee thus:
"Mortimer Cnrr is the prince oftBe venal ring in
the house, and claims to represent a parish in which
he was appointed registrar, in wnich he has never
bad a residence, and m which be has not set his foot
since 1870."
Before, or immediately upon tbe meeting
of the Legislature, the Republicans determ-
ined upon an effort to unseat these villains,
and employed an attorney to prepare the proofs
and conduct the contests. These frauds were
committed in November, 1870. The whole
State was in commotion about them at o-ice.
Before the Legislature met, on the Istof Jan-
uary, the Governor, his friends, and the Dem-
ocratic party, entered into an infamous coali-
tion, by which the patronage of sixteen par-
ishes was given to the Democrats ; men charged
to have been fraudulently returned were de-
fended in their seats, by which the appoint-
ment of the committees of the senate was taken
out of the hands of Governor Dunn, and by
which was elected as speaker of the house,
receiving every Democratic vote, a man
known throughout the State as not honestly
elected and not eligible, and therefore not
entitled to even a seat in the house—this
branded scoundrel, Mortimer Carr.
Of course, sir, it followed, as was doubtless
understood, that one Abel, another interloper,
not a resident of the district which he claimed
to represent, and not entitled to a seat himself,
was made chairman of the house committee
on elections. Thus the good and true men
in the Legislature, black and white, who were
making an earnest and concerted effort to
clean out the villains, were bound hand and
foot, and the unhappy State was handed over
to the rule of such a coalition!
This, sir, was Democratic work. It is an
old proverb that *4a workman is known by his
chips.*' Mr. Speaker, will the eves of honest
Democrats wink at such damning villahiy as
this because it brought grist to the Demo
cratic mill? And will not an intelligent public
stamp as a crime against truth and a crime
Hgniust honor any attempt to lay the conse-
quences of this infamous coalition at the door
of the Republican party or of reconstruction?
Before tbe session of the Legislature of the
last winter the rogues had fallen out, because, as
alleged, the Governor did not "play fair,'' and
the popular conscience was too plainly against
him, a controlling reason appearing in the
testimony of Judge Walker that the Governor
after the death of Governor Dunn would not
consent to the election of a Democrat in his
place, for the reason assigned by his more in-
timate friends, that it would render him more
hahle to impeachment.
But, sir, unhappy as the consequences have
been to Louisiana of the election of untried
men to office, it was far better for the Repub-
lican party, better for the State, and better for
the nation than to have elected to places of
trust old and tried and saintly citizens, who
would have followed th  precedent of the last
Democratic Legislature and robbed her people
of the jewel of liberty. How guilty the poor
freedmen of the State have been let Mr. Eustis,
a distinguished lawyer of New Orleans and a
member of the Democratic State committee*
testify:
"Question, The colored people, as a rule, have
strong attachments, have they not?
"Aumcer. I believe they have.
" Question. They have agood deal more attachment
for tueiroid masters than they have for new comers?
"Answer. I think they have now.
"Qavxtion. They bave had all the while?
"Aii#wer. When you iise the word attachment, I
think they have; but they have suspected that their
old masters, if given political power, might deprive
them of t heir political rights.
"Question. Thai, sm-picion is now passing away
from the rnind^ of the colored people?
"Ait.'itvt-r. I rhink so.
"Question. When confidence is once established,
the intelligence and brains of your State will control
your politics as in other States?
"Anvtcer. Yes, sir, if the will of the people is not
defeated by the agency of the election and registra-
tion laws.
"Question. And the only requisite to the most in-
telligent men of your State having the suffrages of
the negroesis the onecondition that they shall play
fair with them ?
"Answer. Or remove the suspicion that they will
not."
And as tro the guilfc of the Republican party
of the nation or of the State, or the national
Administration, for the condition of things, I
call Mr. Moncure, a Democratic member of
the Legislature, of whom the Democratic
members of the committee in their report s&y:
"There is one member of the house who deserves
honorable exeepuou from the geueral condemna-
tion so richly won by the Legislature. J. C, Mon-
eure, esq., representative from the parish of Caddo,
was examined before the committee, and gave an
impartial and intelligent statement of the situation
from his stand-point. He has been faithful among
the faithless, and he illustrates tbe truth that4' vir-
tue is its own reward,' in the respect and esteem ia
which he is held by the honest people of Louisiana,
irrespective of party."
This gentleman testifies:
" Question. Do you mean to say that the corrupt
condition of the State Legislature is due to the
enfranchisement of the colored people, or te the
maladministration of the present Executive?
** Answer. I am very much obliged to you for
asking the question. It is vastly more due to the
State administration—tothe State government, and
the character of the men who administer it, and the
character of the naen who are controlling spirits in
all its branches. I do not consider it chargeable to
the enfranchisement of the blacks at all."
**********
" Question. Were not Governor Dunn, and with
him tbe blacksot' the State, first in the field or early
in f he field for the repeal of these laws of which you
complain ?
"Anticer* They were early in the field; a large
number of Governor Dunn's friends were earnest in
! their professions of their desire to repeal these bills
j last winter.
•* Question. Let roe ask you whether the Repub-
lican party of this State—thegreat massof the Repub-
lican party—are with the reformers, orwith the other
side ?
"Answer. I am very decidedly of the conviction
that thegreat massoftheRepubliean party of Louis-
iana desire these reforms. I am decidedly of tbe
conviction,further, that these reforms are opposed
only by p.ersons who have nothing to expect from the
great mass of the people of the State by fair means.
" Question. Then, in your judgment, except for
unprecedented resistance on the part of the State
Executive and Ins triends. these reforms would bave
been brought about summarily in theordinary way ?
*' Ansxc.r, I think so; if Governor Warmoth had
abstained from interference, these reforms would
have been brought about easily, quietly, and without
difficulty.
,4 Question. Then tbe great mass of the Republican
party of this Stat ©•are with what is called the custom-
house party?
" Anncer. Well, if you like to call them so; 1
think.r he majority of the real Republican party of
this $t\te are with Governor Dunn's party.
•* Question. Do you know of any interference of
Collector Casey, collector, inState politics which is
repiebensible?
Nenewhatever, norof anyother United
States officer."
And yet, sir, the Democratic members of
this committee go back upon this high-toned
witness for a fling at the President of the Uai-
