1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
248-7
1716 developed more fully his plan. In 1760,
M. de l'Isle presented to the French Acad-
emy of Sciences a map or chart exhibiting
the seas and countries where the transit of
17G1 would be visible, upon which a glance
sufficed to exhibit the various points where
observations would be practicable and advan-
yigeous, and also exhibited the degree of
advantage furnished by each station and by
different methods.
The Academy of St. Petersburg in the sarae
year accredited its secretary, Muller, to the
French Academy of Sciences, to solicit the
sending of one or more of the astronomers
of the Academy to Siberia to make observa-
tions upon the transit of the next year under
the auspices of the empress of Russia. The
proposition was met in a similar spirit by the
French Academy, and M. l'Abb6 Chappe,
months in advance of the event, made a jour-
ney of twenty-five hundred miles through in-
hospitable climes, and over roads presenting
obstacles only surmountable by a scientific
zeal of the highest order, to the frozen regions
of Siberia, and atTobolsk, in June, 1761, took
careful observations, which were fully reported
and proved of great value.
After much learned discussion by the mem-
bers of the Academy best qualified for such
deliberation as to the proper place for an-
other station, M. Pingr6 was dispatched to the
island of Rodrigue in the Indian ocean. The
heats of the torrid had no more terrors for
him than the rigors of the frigid zone had for
his colleague, while they were in pursuit of
scientific knowledge.
With a spirit of liberality and a zeal for
science worthy of liis rank, the Due de Choi-
seul, at his own expense, sent M. de Thury
to Vienna, where the Archduke Joseph of
Austria honored himself by assisting at the
observations.
Four other nations imitated the zeal of
France in this scientific work. England sent
Maskelyne and Waddington to St. Helena,
and Messrs. Mason and Dixon, (names famil-
iar to us, as they were at one time employed
in running a line famous in our history,) to
Bencoolen, in the island of Sumatra. An
accident delayed Mason and Dixon, and they
fa,lied to reach their point of destination, but
made their observations at the Cape of Good
Hope.
The Academy of Sciences at Stockholm
fitted out expeditions to the northern part of
Sweden; the king of Denmark caused an
observing party to be placed at Drontheim,
in Norway, and the. Academy of St. Peters-
burg sent its astronomers to the confines of
Tartaryand China, where the Russian empire
terminated iu forests and mountains of which
little except their names was then known.
This zeal on the part of the Academy of
Sciences of St. Petersburg was the more re-
markable when we consider that the city of
St. Petersburg was then little more than a half
century old, and the civilization of Russia m
general could hardly be said to be begun. It
only attests the more forcibly the great value
attached to these observations.
It is worthy of note also that 'cMr. Professor
Winthrop went at the expense of the colony
of Massachusetts Bay to St. John's, in New-
foundland, to observe the transit ot Venus,
which be did with great care and as much
exactness as the low situation of the sun at
that time would permit."
The transit of 1769 was not less the subject
of thought, preparation, and careful observa-
tion than that of 1761. On the contrary, it
awakened even wider and closer attention, and
called forth more general efforts. In this year
we find the heroic Chappe, who m 1761 had
endured cheerfully the privations, the penis,
and the toils of a Siberian climate, making a
voyage to Vera Cruz, an overland journey
thence to San Bias, and another voyage to St.
Joseph on the coast of California, where, hav-
ing accomplished the purpose of his voyage,
he laid down his life less than two months
after his observations were made, falling a
victim to his determination to'do the work for
which the Academy had sent him forth.
Captain Cook and Mr. Green went to Ota-
heite; Dymond and Wales, to Hudson Bay;
Call, to Madras, in India, all for the same pur-
pose. Again, the Academy of St. Petersburg
sent its members to various parts of Russian
Lapland, and the king of Denmark fitted
out expeditions to the northernmost parts of
Europe.
A remarkable instance of zeal in the cause
of science was exhibited by M. le Gentil, a
French astronomer, who went in 1761 to ob-
serve the transit at Pondicherry. An accident
on the voyage thither detained him so that-he
failed to reach his post in season for the ob-
servation. He then determined to wait eight
years for the next transit. This he accord-
ingly did, iora voyage to India and back was
not then the easy thing modern science has
made it, a trip of a few weeks, or months at
most, but of years. He therefore remained
at his post for eight long years, and awaited
with patient zeal the occurrence of the phe-
nomena he had gone to the antipodes to see.
But, alas! when the day came, he had the ter-
rible disappointment of seeing a cloud obscure
the sun's disk during the entire period of the
transi t„
But, sir, I am detaining the Senate too long
on the history of the observations upon former
transits of Venus. I find my only excuse in
the desire to impress upon this body the high
estimate which "has been placed upon these
observations in the past, and to show that it is
becoming in us to heed the call for an appro-
priation for a similar purpose now.
The observations made in 1761 and 1769
have been compared and studied with great
care by the astronomers of all nations, and it
is on the data they furnish that the received
value of the radius of the earth's orbit is
based.
The length of this radius was computed by
Tycho Brahe and Copernicus at 1.200 semi-
diameters of the earth. Haliey, unquestion-
ably thefirstastronomer of his time, fixed it at
16,500 semi-diameters. The observations of
Richer, made on a voyage to Cayenne, when
compared with those made by Picard and
Roemer in Europe, led to the beiief that it
might be stated at 21,712 semi-diameters.
Cassini, aided by Roemer and S6dileau, de-
duced a result of 21,048 semi-diameters. Vari-
ous other astronomers arrived at equally various
results. These results were, however, all ob-
tained prior to the observations on the transit
of Venus in 1761 and 1769. Of course, while
they varied so much, little confidence could be
felt in any of them.
The observations made upon the transits of
1761 and 1769 gave more reliable data, as is
believed, than had before existed. On these
data the distance of the earth from the sun
is now stated at 23,984 semi-diameters, or
95,023,000 miles.
There is little doubt, sir, that with the im-
proved instruments which modern science and
invention have contrived, and with the experi-
ence of all past observers to guide or to_warn,
the scientific men who will go out from Europe
and from this country to look at this interest-
ing phenomenon, and from their observations
review and recalculate the radius of the earth's
orbit, will be able to arrive at a nearer approx-
imation to mathematical accuracy with regard
to the real value of this astronomical constant.
I have omitted to say, sir, that one inci-
dental benefit will arise from the expeditions
which shall go out into the Pacific and South-
ern oceans on this interesting occasion. I
refer to the fixing definitely of the latitudes
and longitudes of places in those seas, a thing
very desirable to do in the prospect of a great
commerce which we believe is save to grow
up between the western shores of our country
and the other shores of that great water. Not
many years will elapse before the demands of
commerce will require that the position of the
islands, the shoals, the reefs, and the currents
of the Pacific should be as familiar to our
navigators as are those of the Atlantic to-day.
It will be no small contribution to geograph-
ical science that our observing expeditions will
make.
Now, sir, I take it for granted that we are
not to stay away from this assemblage of sci-
entific men in the Pacific and Southern oceans
on the 8th of December, 1874. The scientific
bodies of this country are calling loudly upon
us to make an appropriation to pay the ex-
penses of our embassadors to this court oi
science ; and as the time draws near, we shall
hear louder calls. It is yet more than two
years before the event occurs^ which will,!
have no doubt, furnish American scientific
men an opportunity to achieve another tri-
umph. But preparations must be made, and
they are not made in a day.
It is desirable that the United States should
have observers posted at perhaps ten stations,
and for each corps of observers tlio proper
instruments must be prepared in advance, and
the requisite practice in their use acquired, so
that there shall be no failure from incompe-
tency at the hour of trial. To prepare these
instruments fortunately we have competent
skill among our own countrymen, and orders
should be given for their construction at the
earliest moment. Most, perhaps ail, of the
observing parties can be carried to and brought
from their posts of observation iu our national
vessels without much expense beyond that,
attending their cruising elsewhere, and per-
haps without largely going out of tho seas
where they would ordinarily cruise.
Doubtless much assistance can be given by
the officers of our Navy, though it can hardly
be expected that the more delicate portions
of the" task can be safely intrusted to any but
skilled and practiced astronomical observers,
who have made it a business to do the kind ot
work which will be required in the few minutes
when it must be all done.
The commission appointed under siu act of
Congress, approved' March 8, 1871, to super-
vise all expenditures of money for the obser-
vations proposed have estimated that the entire
cost of the work will be $150,000, in yearly
installments of $50,000 each. _ Ihe $50,000
now asked for will be required for the instru-
ments. Tt, should, however, be borne in mind
that when these instruments have been pur-
chased they will be highly valuable to the
Naval Observatory, the Naval School at
Annapolis, and to our naval service generally,
in addition to the great value they will possess
for the specific service for which they are to be
ordered.
I sincerely hope, Mr. President, that this
bill will be promptly passed, and that no at-
tempt will be made to cut dowu the amount
of the appropriation. Let us provide that this
worthy and creditable thing shall be worthily
and creditably doue. Let us not send forth
our astronomers to this important work poorly
equipped. If we must pinch somewhere, let
it be where lesser interests are involved.
Science returns a hundred-fold tor ail the
treasuie you pour into her lap. Strike a bal-
ance between the amount which the laoors of
your scientific observers have cost, and the
amount of life and treasure saved by their
contributions to our knowledge of the cuireiits
of the ocean, the currents ol the air, and ot
the locality of reefs and shoais and other dan-
cers of the deep, and we shall find an immense
sum to their credit. Be liberal, then, here;
for here liberality is true economy.
Already Great Britain, Russia, and Ger-
many are making preparations on & large
scale for observations. The astronomer royal
who has charge of the royal Observatory at
