1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1591
so; that the full grants allowed are to be made
up. That is my statement.
Mr. POMEROY. I know myself of no
company that ever got the full amount of the
grant; but there may be such a case. If the
Senator knows it, lie knows more than I do.
1 do not want to occupy the time but only
to make one other remark ; and that is that
in grants of this character of the right of way
each State provides for the right ot way over
private property; and now when you come to
the public lands, what does a company want?
Simply the right of way through them. There
is no State law that will give a company power
to get the right of way on the public lands.
We used to have a general law allowing any
railroad company the light of way on public
land. There is no good landlord in the world
but would give anybody the right of way over
his unoccupied lands to construct a railroad
which would improve their value. The grant
that the Senator has made this speech upon ia
simply of the right of way over public lands
to a company that have an opportunity of get-
ting the right af way over private lands under
the State iaw ; and they have no way of getting
the right of way over public land excepting
by a law of Congress. I do not want to take
any time.
Mr. OSBORN. I should like to have the
vote taken on this bill before the morning hour
expires.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This is one of
those things that my friend should have no
impatience about.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
offer another amendment, which I think the
Senator from Florida will accept, and if he
does not I think the Senate will. On page 2,
line twenty-three, after the word "located," I
move to insert "and shall complete said road
within five years from the passage of this act."
Mr. OSBORN. Say ten.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Five years is
sufficient.
Mr. OSBORN. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My attention
was called to some extraordinary features in
this bill, one of which was the one to which I
adverted in section two; but it has been re-
lieved from that objection. That was that we
had undertaken to say what the corporators
might do ill regard to a franchise eonferied by
a State. Then it has been mitigated in some
other respects ; and now this bill, I agree, is
not open to the general remarks which I made.
I stated in the beginning that I proposed to
call the attention of the Senate to the fact that
we were doing in regard to our public domain
and public land grants most extraordinary
things, and that this bill was in some respects
of that character, and illustrated the careless-
ness with which we were legislating on this sub-
ject. As the bill now stands, it is granting the
right of way to a road which is proposed to be
built in the State of Florida. So far as grant-
ing the right of way is concerned, that may be
an indifferent thing. The second section being
stricken out, which undertakes to confer extra
'powers, that objection fails. I have there-
fore accomplished my purpose, which was to
call the attention of the Senate to the way in
which we are legislatiug upon the subject of
the public lands of the country.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in. •
The bill was ordered to be^ engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives. by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills;
in which it requested the concurrence ot the
Senate:
A bill (II. R. No. 757) to carry into effect
the fourth article of the treaty of February 23,
1867, with the Seneca, Shawnee, Quapaw, and
other Indians;
A bill (H. R. No. 1980) relating to pro-
posals and contracts for transportation of the
mails, and for other purposes; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1836) for the relief of
Herman Raster, collector of internal revenue
for the first district of Illinois.
elections in washington and idaho.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the Senate resumes the
consideration of the legislative, executive, and
judicial appropriation bill.
Mr. NYE. If the honorable Senator from
California will allow me a minute, the bill (H.
R. No. 1030) that I called up yesterday morn-
ing, relating to the time of holding elections in
Idaho and Washington Territories, it is agreed
all around shall be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the bill (H. R. No. 1030) to regulate
elections in Washington and Idaho Territories
will be recommitted to the Committee on Ter-
ritories. The Chair hears no objection, and
it is so ordered.
expenses of government telegraphing.
Mr. CAMERON submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to inform the Seqate, if not incompat-
ible with the public interest, what amount of money
has been expended by the Government of the Uni-
ted States during the last three years for telegraph-
ing by ocean cables, and the different sums paid to
each respective company, and what were the rates
paid.
fort kearney military reservation.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I ask the_ Senate to
take up Senate bill No. 615. It will take but
a moment. It is a matter of mere local inter-
est, reported by the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. COLE. I call for the regular order.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I should^ like to have
the bill read. I will withdraw it if it gives
rise to any objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the bill will be reported, subject to
objection or to a demand for the regular order.
The Chief Clerk read the bill (S. No. 645)
to confirm the title to certain lands on the
Fort Kearney military reservation, in Fremont
county, Iowa.
Mr. COLE. I call for the regular order.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I should like to state
that this bill has been reported twice by the
Committee on Public Lands. It has hereto-
fore passed the House. The Commissioner
of the General Land Office recommends it.
There is no possible objection to it, and no
adverse claim to these lands.
Mr. COLE. It is a very long bill, and of
course will excite more or less discussion, and
I desire to know how many more days are to
be consumed on this appropriation bill before
bills of that kind are brought up. I have no
objection to their being taken up during the
morning hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the appropriation bill is now before the
Senate.
national exchequer.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
enter a motion to reconsider the motion made
yesterday for the printing of a memorial which
was referred to the Committee on Finance. I
consider the printing of these memorials, espe-
cially memorials for financial projects, as ex-
ceedingly vicious. If we once commence the
practice, there will be no end to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont euters a motion to reconsider the vote
by which, on the motion of the Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Stevenson] yesterday, certain
documents submitted by Daniel H. London to
the Committee on Finance were ordered to be
printed.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the Senate will
not reconsider it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It cannot be
considered at the present time. The motion
to reconsider will be entered, which will sus-
pend the printing for the present.
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 hope the Senator
will withdraw the motion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I prefer to
allow it to remain for the present.
business of committee on commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask that Friday next
be set apart for the consideration of bills report-
ed from the Committee on Commerce. There
are some twenty or thirty bills reported from
that committee, and almost every Senator on
this floor is interested in some one of them.
I therefore ask unanimous consent that Friday
next be set apart for the consideration of busi-
ness reported from that committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot consent to that.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I makethe motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can only be
done by laying the appropriation bill on the
table or postponing it.
Mr. COLE. I hope that will not be done.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let it be laid aside
informally.
Mr. COLE. We cannot do that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California objects to its being laid aside
informally.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 1060) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1873, and for other purposes, the
question being on the amendment of Mr. Cole,
to insert on page 15, line three hundred and
forty-four, after the word " dollars," the words
"and all laws requiring the publication of the
laws and treaties in the newspapers are hereby
repealed."
Mr. COLE. After an adjournment from
time to time, it is almost absolutely necessary
that we should take an observation to know
exactly where we stand in regard to any par-
ticular pending question. In regard to this
amendment, I have a remark or two to make
which will consume not to exceed two minutes.
Last year, in the regular appropriation bill
for legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses, for the publication of the laws in the
newspapers, an appropriation of $50,000 was
made, and in the pending deBcieucy bill for
the deficiencies of the present current year
there is a demand for something more than
thirteen thousand dollars for the publication
of these laws. I have in my hand a commun-
ication from the Secretary of State on this
subject, from which I propose to read for the
information of the Senate :
"By the terms of the legislative, executive, and
judicial appropriation act of 1871-72 it is made the
duty of the Secretary of State to select laws of a
general nature for publication without delay in the
newspapers. In the legislative, <fce., appropriation
bill for the year ending June 30,1873,"—
Which is the present bill—
"the appropriation for the publication of the laws
in the newspapers is omitted. As no provision is
made to meet the expenses unavoidably occurring
under the authority of law as it now stands, it is
respectfully suggested that the sections of the act
cited and the third section of the act of March 9,
18i58, in relation to the promulgation of the laws,
and all other acts authorizing the publieation of the
laws in the newspapeis. be repealed immediately,
and that the appropriation required by the Depart-
ment to meet the expenses occurring in the fulfill-
ment of the implied contract for the publication of
the laws of the present session be made.
That is, he asks that the appropriation in
the deficiency bill of some thirteen thousand
dollars shall be made, and of course there will
be no alternative on the part ot the Senate or
Congress but to make that appropriation. He
also, however, respectfully suggests to the
Senate the repeal of the laws, in other words,
the adoption of the amendment that is now
