3384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB!.
May 13,
could not furnish this statue,. I think there
can be no objection to placing the statue of
this sage, orator, soldier, and statesman in the
old Hall of the House, entailing, as it does,
but a slight expenditure.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman tell the
House why he selects the sculptor, and allows
no opportunity for competition?
Mr. SARGENT. Because there is the most
perfect representation of the late Senator
Baker made by Horatio Stone now in the pos-
session of the family. I was familiar with
him, and I can almost see liim in the flesh, as
it were, when I look upon that representation.
I do not want it marred ; I want a copy of
that statue in the Hall. I move the previous
question on the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. McCkary] has the floor. Does he yield
to the gentleman from California [Mr. Sar-
gent] for the purpose he has indicated ?
Mr. McCRARY. I cannot yield for that
purpose.
Mr. SARGENT. I 4*ive notice that I will
offer this again as soon as I have the oppor-
tunity.
order of business.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I ask unani-
mous consent to report from the Committee
on the Judiciary, for action at this time, House
bill No. 1982. to provide for holding a circuit
court of the United States in and for the west-
ern district of Missouri.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I call for
the regular order. This is no way to do busi-
ness.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
McCrary] will proceed.
election contest gidmncis v8. clark.
Mr. McCRARY. I now call up the resolu-
tions reported from the Committee of Elec-
tions in the contested-election case of D. C.
Giddings vs. W. T. Clark, from the third
congressional district of the State of Texas.
The resolutions were read, as follows :
Resolved, That W. X. Clark is not entitled to a
seat in this House from the tlurd conKi'essional dis-
trict of the State of Texas.
Resolved, That I). U. uiddiiiks is entitled to a seat
in this House from the saul third congressional dis-
trict of tho ritate of Texas.
Mr. McCRARY. I now yield forty-five
minutes to the sitting member, after which I
will call the previous question.
Mr. CLARK, of Texas, then addressed the
House. [His remarks will be published in
tho Appendix.]
Mr. McCRARY. I do not know that I ought
to detain the House with any discussion of this
case, and yet, perhaps, a brief statement in
behalf of the committee is proper, in order
that its action may be distinctly understood.
It will be remembered that there was a dis-
cussion in the House when the question of the
prima facie right to the seat under the' Gov-
ernor's certificate was presented. Tho certifi-
cate of the Governor showed that by the returns
made to him by the proper county officers the
contestant was apparently elected by a major-
ity of 3,016 votes, but that the votes cast in
several counties and voting precincts had been
rejected for reasons set forth in the certificate.
A question arose as to the right of the sitting
member, prima fade, to the seat under this
certificate, which was decided in his favor by
the House, and he was sworn iu on the 10th
day of January last.
The House will also remember that in that
discussion it was shown that the board of State
canvassers were authorized by the law of
Texas to revise the returns and to reject them
for certain causes, and that it was in the ex-
ercise of this authority that they rejected votes
enough to overcome the apparent majority of
the contestant. Upon a discussion of the ques-
tion in the House it was decided that the sit-
ting member had a prima facie right to the
seat, and he was, as already stated, sworn in
on the 10th of January last.
The House on the 12th of January, in pur-
suance of an agreement between the parties,
and in order to give ample time for the tak-
ing of testimony, adopted a resolution that
tho time should commence on the 1st of Fob-
ruary, and end on the 1st of April. The sit-
ting member has taken no testimony except
the ex parte testimony which he exhibited here
in the course of his remarks. This testimony
was taken without notice to the contestant.
It was stated in a paper attached to it that
notice was sent through the mails to the con-
testant. The contestant denies that he ever
ieceived it, and the law provides for no such
mode of giving notico. The committee, how-
ever, desiring to treat tho sitting member
with all possible indulgence, and to take care
that no injustice bo done him, examined that
testimony, and discovered ill it nothing what-
ever that is material to the case.
The time for taking testimony having ex-
pired on the 1st day of April, the sitting mem-
ber on the 21tli of April came before the com-
mittee with a motion for an extension of time
in which to take testimony on his behalf. This
motion was based upon the affidavits of the
sitting member and numerous other persons.
These affidavits state in substance and in gen-
eral terms that a combination was formed
among the friends of contestant to indict tho
officers of election in the several counties upon
charges of a violation of the election laws, and
thus to inaugurate a system of persecution
against the sitting member's friends and wit-
nesses, and deter the latter from testifying.
They also stale that, in pursuance of this
combination, indictments were found against
the Governor and secretary of the State of
Texas, and against some of the election offi-
cers and others iu the counties of llilj, Na-
varro, Grimes, Harris, and Washington. It is
averred that the finding of these indictments
produced such a feeling of alarm and danger
in the district that it was impossible to take
testimony on behalf of the sitting member,
but no overt act of violence is mentioned.
The only specific fact given is the finding of
the indictments aforesaid. The affidavits are
exceedingly general in their terms, and in-
stead ol' slating facts, deal largely in the opin-
ions or conclusions of the affiants.
After hearing arguments of counsel and
carefully considering the question, the com-
mittee came unanimously to the conclusion
that no further time ought to be granted to the
sitiing member for taking testimony.
This decision was rendered imperative by
several considerations. It was shown that in
only five counties have indictments been found.
It was insisted before the committee that these
indictments were found for the purpose of
creating a reign of terror there and preventing
the possibility of calling and examining wit-
nesses on behalf of the sitting member. The
committee thought they could not, presume
from the single fact that indictments were
found that there was such a reign of terror as
to prevent the examination of witnesses. The
finding of indictments in the regular way to
the court of justice against alleged wrong-doers
is not. generally an indication of lawlessness
and violence, but the reverse. However, the
tho purpose in this case may have been unlaw-
ful. I will not say it was not, because it is
immaterial, and therefore need not be decided.
Besides that, it appeared with reference to a
number of those persons who were indicted
that they were brought to trial, that witnesses
appeared and testified in their behalf, and that
in every case where they were tried they were
acquitted. It seemed to the committee that if
witnesses could be found to go into court and
testify in behalf of those election officers, who
were indicted for alleged offenses in connec-
tion with this very election, committed as was
claimed in the interest of the sitting member,
the same witnesses or others could be found
to go before the officers and testify in behalf
of the sitting member in this case.
Another reason why we conld not extend
the time was this: no diligence whatever
was shown on tho part of the sitting member
in attempting to take testimony. It was not
shown that a single witness had been subpe-
naed, that a single notice to take testimony
had been served, that a single step was taken
by the attorneys who represented the sitting
member with a view to obtain testimony on
his behalf.
It must be borne in mind that this applica-
tion is made by the sitting member, and if wo
should grant him the extension of time asked
for it will be a precedent for all future cases.
It must be remembered also that to extend
the time iu this case would be virtually to
decide the merits of the ease in favor of tho
sitting member, for of course no further action
could be taken at this session of Congress,
and the ninety days of the next session would
be mainly consumed before a decision could
be reached. In a case of this kind the com-
mittee think that we are bound to adhere to
the rule, which requires that the party should
use the time given him by the statute with
diligence, and 1 will say hero with great dili-
gence, in order to justify the House m extend-
ing the time under circumstances of this char-
acter. How can the sitting member know
that all his witnesses were afraid to testify
when he did not call or attempt to call a sin-
gle one of them ? How can be know that
they would have refused to appear when they
were not summoned, or that they would have
refused to answer questions, when no ques-
tions were put to them? There is no diligeneo
shown upon which the House can properly
grant an extension.
But there were indictments found in only
five of these counties. There are twenty-four
counties in that district. The allegations of
the sitting member apply I think to twenty of
them. There was no reason at all shown why
there was no testimony taken in some of the
nineteen counties in which no indictments
were found. If the statement is true that it
was not possible to take testimony in tho
cuuntics where the indictments were found,
yet under the law ho could summon his wit-
nesses to any portion of the district, and it ia
not to be supposed that in all these twenty-
four counties thero was no place where it would
be safe for him to gatherhis witnesses together
and take their testimony.
These affidavits state that better feeling now
exists in the district in question, insomuch
that, if time be given, tho testimony can be
obtained ; that the friends of the sitting mem-
ber are no longer intimidated. If such is the
fact, the sitting member should have produced
the affidavits of some of these witnesses them-
selves, stating not only that during the sixty
days for taking testimony in this case they
were afraid to testify to facts within their
knowledge, but also stating what facts are
within their knowledge. The affidavits, how-
ever, which are relied upon are not the affida-
vits of the witnesses themselves, but those of
attorneys and others, who undertake to state
what, in their opinion, the witnesses know, and
why they have heretofore been unwilling to
testify. If these witnesses were, as is alleged,
free from intimidation at the time these affi-
davits were prepared, the affidavits of some of
them should have been produced.
I need not refer to some other reasons which
seem to the committee to be very conclusive
on this point. We deemed it to be our duty to
refuse the motion for the extension of time,
and to proceed to the examination of the case
on its general merits.
On doing so we found that the contestant
had taken the testimony of one hundred and
thirty-four witnesses, of whom more than half
were Republicans ; that he had taken the tes-
timony of nearly all the officers who held the
election in question, and who were, most of
