644
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 8,
Ho. op Reps.
Affairs in Louisiana—Mr, Smith.
42d Gong....2d
ted States. Alas! alas ! sir, what a pile of
Democratic teeth has .been broken on that file.
Mr. Bustis further testifies:
"Question. What do you say about the honest sen-
timent in the Republican party; does it sustain the
Governor in his course ; does it sustain these Jaws?
"An-noer. Well, sir, the Republican party, in my
opinion, is as sorry that these powers have been
confided to the Governor as the Deinocratsare. For
the first time in my political career I have been
thrown in contact with colored politicians, and I
find them exceedingly bitter upon this question.
They are satisfied, I think, that their race can have
no representation in the government ot Louisiana
under these laws, because there will not be a fair
election, I will further state that several of thein
have expressed it to me. And one reason why I
believe that this temporary coalition would result
in something positive was, that several of the col-
ored politicians have told me they considered these
laws so oppressive to the people of Louisiana—-the
white people—that they were anxious to have these
laws modified, and put upon a fair basis, because
they feared that if ever the white people gotcontrol
of this State they would retaliate upon the colored
people the injustice they had suffered undor these
laws. I believe thatis the general opinion of honest
colored men.
''Question. What is the general feeling between
the old white residents and the colored people ?
"Answer. Well, sir, in 1868 the question came up.
Lwas then a member of the committee as to what
we should do with regard to the negro voters, and I
thinkthat the leaders of the Democratic party took
this view : that if we tried to influence the negroes,
in the first place, we could not do it; for if we at-
tempted to do so wo were under fcuch disadvantages
with regard to emancipation, and so strong su.^pi-
eion would bo created in their minds against us, that
the general disposition and the general course of
actiori resolved upon was to allow tlio negroes to do
just as they liked, and, even if they wished it, to
assist them."
Mr. Speaker, in the hue and cry sought to
be raised throughout the country against lie-
publican reconstruction and the subjugation
of the proud white men of the South to negro
domination, this House and the country ought
to heed the testimony of the Democratic mem-
bers of this committee, who state in their
report:
"The colored members of the Legislature are
regarded as less dishonest than the whites."
Mr. Moncure also testifies:
"Question. Who is the State sonator that repre-
sents your own district ?
Answer. Senator Antoino.
*' Question. I hold in my hand ft paper called the.
Daily Southwestern; is that a Democratic paper
published in your district?
"Answer. Yes, sir; at Shreveport.
" Question. It contains this article:
"antoink.—a private letter has been received
here from Senator Antoino, dated Bay St. Louis,
January 15, in which the following passage occurs:
"' I am suffering and making pecuniary sacrifices
for tho interest of my constituents and the Relorm
Republicans of the State against an unscrupulous
and corrupt Governor. Say to the people that I
will not sell their rights tor a mess ot pottage, and
that there is no money that Governor Warmoth
could give mo that would causo tne to betray the
confidence they have placed in uie as their repre-
sentative.' _ .
"The integrity of this colored senator, in remain-
ing faithful to the party of Reform, is in striking
contrast with some high-strung Democrats that wo
wot of. Autoino has placed a leather in his cap
which the people here will be apt to appreciate.
"Answer. Every word of which X most earnestly
and cordially indorse."
Mr. Siiinott testined:
"Question. You are not much of a Radical your-
self?
"Answer. Not by a long ways. Never was and
never will be.
"Question. You are aDomocrat,sound to thecore?
"Answer. Yes, in the time of it, while it existed, I
was an active Democrat.
"Question. Do you mean to say that Democracy is
played out ?
"Answer. To answer that auestion, I will tell you
that, in my judgment, all the principles which we
formerly adhered to as sacredly as we did to our God
are dead.
"Question. That is, you have no more confidence
in the northern Democrats ?
"Answer, Yes; I have when I know them, but I
think that the principles of politics, when you talk
of them* are  U dead.
"Question. You organized a large number of col-
ored Democratic clubs in this city, did you not?
kt Answer. Yes, sir; I helped to organize one.
** Question. Tell me if they played out.
"Answer. They \rere the biggest set of rascals I
ever saw. We got them together, and fed them, and
clothed them and shod them.
"Question. Tell mo how much they cost you.
"Answer. It is incalculable ; I cannot,tell.
"Qustion. llow many clubs were there?
"Ansicer. Idonotknow; we had one, and that was
enough for me.
"Question. How many members did you have in
it?
"Answet. We must have had a hundred, almost.
"Question. Did you clothe tliem?
"Answer. Yes; clothed them and fed them and
shod thorn; gsive them spirits once or twice a week.
"Question. Then they went and voted the Repub-
lican ticket?
"Answer. I expect every one did."
One witness testified that there was not
money enough in Louisiana to buy a colored
man's u vote on a political question."
Governor Warmoth testified:
" There were a good many measures introduced by
the lobby outside; lor instance, there was a bill
introduced in 1869 providing tor the funding of seven
million and a half of State bonds, ami accrued inter-
est, that were issued by the rebel State government;
they were, held by the banks here iu the city, and
they desired to have a bill passed through the Leg-
islature taking up these bonds and issuing new
State bonds, and the contract was ma^e, I believe,
between those bank presidents and a certain gentle-
man, and it was to be engineered through in some
way. I will give you the contract if you would like
to see it, .
"Question. How did it get into your possession ?
"Aniwer. I !<ot a copy of it.
"Question. Id that the original ?
"Answer. It is a copy of the original, and is as fol-
lows :
"This agreement, made and entered into this 22d
day of April, 18(59, Etnile H. Reynes and Avegno &
Willoz, oi tuis city ot New Orleans, of tho first part,
and the several banks herunatter named, repre-
sented by their respective presidents, duly author-
ized by their boards of directors, of the second part,
witnesseth:
" Whereas the said banks are holders and owners
of certain bonds issued by tho State of Louisiana,
under and by virtue of an act of the Legislature
thereof, approved the 23d day of January, 18t>2, enti-
tled 'Aa act to raise money for the Stato treasury,'
ifcc.; and whereas the said Eanle H. Reynes and
Aveguo & Willoz, parties ot the first part, aro desir-
ous and willing to undertake to have the validity
of said bonds admitted by the State, or to obtain
compensation for the same:
"Now, therefore, it is hereby stipulated, cove-
nanted, and agreed, by and between said parties of
the first part and second part, as follows, to wit: the
said E. 11. Reynes and Avegno & Willoz hereby
agree and bind themselves to use all their influence
and exertions, and to make every effort either to
obtain some compensation for the said bonds, or to
procure some rehet to the parties of the second
part, holders and owners of said bond3. They iur-
ther bind themselves to make all necessary advances
of money, and to bear personally and alone all the
cost, expenses, and outlays of money that may be
necessary to reaeh the proposed end.
"Iucase the saidEmtle H. Reynes and Avegno
& Willoz should succeed in their endeavors, either
to have the validity ot said bonds admitted or to
obtain some compensation for the same, by the issue
of new bonds by the State in lieu of the old ones,
then, and in that case, the said parties of'thesecond
part hereby agree and bind themselves to transfer
and turn over in full ownership to the parties of
first part twenty-five per cent., or one touith of the
whole number of the &aid bonds which they now
hold, in lull compensation for their services in the
premises.
"In case any of the bank parties to this agree-
ment should not have their bonds in their posses-
sion by reason of having surrendered the same by
error to the United States authorities during the
war, but hold the receipts of said authorities for
the same, the said banks agree and bind themselves
to contribute in the same manner their pro rata out
of any new bonds or compensation they may receive
from the State of Louisiana, in lieu of the old bonds
or of the receipts of the United States authorities
lor the bonds surrendered by them.
*'It is hereby acknowledged and agreed that the
amount of bonds held by the said banks and indi-
viduals respectively is as follows, to wit:
The Louisiana State Bank  $537,248
The Canal Bank  700,000
The Bank of Louisiana  700,000
The Citizens'Bank  743,000
The Mechanics' and Traders' Bank  312,500
The Union Bank  20J.U00
The L> ink ot New Orleans  145,000
The Merchants' Bank  100.000
The Orescent City Bank  26.600
Making a total of.   S3,464 348
"It is expressly understood between all parties that
this agreement and contractsiialinotextend beyond
the last dav of the next regular session of the Legis-
lature ol the State, at which time if Messrs. Reynes
and Avegno & Willoz havenot succeeded in obtain-
ing the expected redress from the State by the
enactment of tho necessary laws and acts of the
Legislature, then and in that case the agreement
shnll ipso facto be null and void.
"Thus done on duplicate, in the city of New
Orleans, this 22d day of Anril. 1869.
JULES A. BLANC,
President Louisiana State Bank.
GEORGE JONAS,
President Qannland Hank Company.
E. E. WILLOZ,
P. H. MOMGAN, ,
J. F. IRWIN,
Commissioners.
SAM BELL.
President TJnion Bank.
E. II. SUMMERS,
President Crescent City Bank 
E. H. REYNES.
AVEGNO & WILLOZ.
Witness:
Robt. Kerr,
A. Cassabd."
It is just worthy of mention that this mild
job did not win success. Would the people
trust an ass laden with that much gold in the
Legislatures of some unreconstructed States?
Mr. Speaker, it is a hopeful augury for the
country that these despised men cannot be
driven by Ku KIux violence and organized
assassination, nor wheedled by Democtaiic ca-
resses into the support of candidates for office
who do not play fair with them, or remove
the suspicion that they will not " Democratic
arts may mislead the white man j so far they
have ingloiiously failed to wool the negro.
Another grievous crime of the Administra-
tion against the Democratic party,-1 suppose, is
that marshal Packard, a judicious and efficient
officer, a man with no stain of reproach, is
kept in office after holding a Republican con-
vention in the custom house' protected by
United States troops.
Mr. Speaker, I do not regret that the great
Democratic party of the nation have taken so
lively an interest in the family troubles of the
Republican party. I remember the almanac
used to give the rules of the " Black Art."
To the first question, il How to raise the devil"
was given the answer "Interfere between a
man and his wife." How trueis the principle
taught is quite apparent. You now see the
once compact and harmonious Democracy
advertised "to let." You see the unhoused
Democracy, rent with feuds, the one faction
clinging to their Bourbon folly, the other clam-
oring for a king who has fed thein with strych-
nine for thirty years. Iu their mortal pain
they call for more. They believe in curing the
bite of a dog with a hair from his taii—I sup-
pose upon the homeopathic principle, similia
similitxis curantur.
Mr. Speaker, I should like to have our
Democratic friends post the books, and tell us
what have been the net profits in their expe«
rience of meddling with other people's affairs.
Have these gentlemen ever heard of the man
who is said to have made money by minding
his own business?
But, sir, whether it be any business of Dem-
ocrats or not, 'Republicans ought to know this :
the evidence is overwhelming that but for the
holding of the convention of August last in
the court room at the custom-house, and the
presence of United States troops, there would
have been a frightful butchery, more appalling
than the ma.ssacre of 1866 in the Mechanic*'
Institute. About the custom-house, as it
was, were massed some three hundred armed
policemen and roughs, comprising many of the
same men who, in unilorm and in platoons,
led in the massacre of 1866. Among them, as
a'specimen biick, was Lueien Adams, who, in
the index of the report of the congressional
committee which investigated the riot of 1866,
is named thus:
" Adams Lucien; secret police; watches house of
Judge Howell, (ilo well, 566;) headed band of police,
(Campanell 784-816:) is a Thug, (Mootien. 1138:)
Laiestier asked by, if be had killed anybody that
day, (Balestier, 2853, 2854;) gave orders to police to
move at bell tap; said he was to shoot Yankees and
