1592
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
pending, in order to relieve him from the
necessity which lie will be under otherwise of
furnishing the laws to the newspapers in the
several States and Territories without delay.
Now, I believe the Senate understand the
question precisely as it is, and I hope we may
reach a vote.
Mr. POMEROY. I stated last night in a
thin Senate my objections to this amendment.
I do not intend to repeat them now, but merely
to call attention, as the Senate is somewhat
fuller than it was last night, to this case ex-
actly as it stands, as I understand it
We are now considering this bill in the Sen-
ate. In Committee of the Whole we made no
amendment on this subject. The chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations has moved
an amendment in the Senate, which is the
repeal of a law in an appropriation bill, which
I thought was extremely unwise and a bad way
of legislation, even if the thing proposed ought
to be done.
But the second point I want to raise is,
ought it to bo done? We have provided here-
tofore for publishing the laws in newspapers
to a limited number in each State, so that the
people in the remote parts of the country may
early get a knowledge of the laws we pass.
Last year we made an amendment by which
we authorized the Secretary of State to select
such general laws as he deemed proper, and
publish them in that way. Now the construc-
tion which the Senator from California puts
upon his letter is that the Secretary of State
suggests that that law be repealed, or else an
appropriation made to meet it. Of course
that is so; but it is well enough to remind the
Secretary of State that we are the law-making
power, and the Secretary of State and other
heads of Departments are to execute the laws
we make. If we make it legal to publish the
laws, it will be our duty to see that there is an
appropriation provided to meet the expense
of it. That is our pait of the contract.
Now, I think it is bad policy at this time to
take the publication of the laws away from
these newspapers. They are desired more
particularly in the Territoiies and remote por
tions of the country, and in the South and
West, where they do not have access to libra
ries, and where the laws in any other form do
not reach the people. The Committee on
Finance, it is possible, may report a bill, and
we may pass it, making it a penal offense for
a person to manufacture or sell whisky, or
beer, or tobacco without a particular kind of
stamp on it. I understand they are going to
report such a bill as that, making it a penal
offense.
If on the 1st day of July that law is not pub-
lished, and on the 2d day of July some man
is arrested for violating that law, and the ques-
tion goes to the jury and that man gets up in
court and says " I did not know that the law
had been changed, consequently I had not any
means of knowing," what is to be done? Of
course the presumption is that everybody
knows the law, but it is a very violent pre-
sumption where you withhold all means of
knowledge of the law. It is an imposition on
the country to make them obey a law on the
2d of July which goes into effect on the 1st
of July, and yet has not been published, I mean
published in such a form that the people can
get it. My opinion is that if the Senators were
in the jury-box they would not find a bill of
indictment against a man for violating a law
that he had never heard of, that had never
been published.
I think it is a dangerous precedent for us to
begin at this period of our history and reverse
the policy of the Government from the. begin-
ning. This Government is the law. That is
all there is to the Government. We magnify
the law, we worship the law, we bow to its
majesty. Now, why keep it from the people?
Why, at this time especially, cripple those
newspapers that are struggling into existence
In the remote Territories and in the South and
West by taking from them the means of pub-
lishing the laws to a people that have no other
means of getting them ?
I stated my views at considerable length
yesterday. I do not intend to repeat what I
then said. It is enough for me to call the
attention of the Senate to it. I think this
amendment is impolitic, unwise, and wrong in
itself, and ought not to be agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the committee to one
point in connection with this question: that as
a matter of simple justice and good faith, if
the law authorizing this publication is to be
repealed, it should be done prospectively, to
take effect at the beginning of the next year,
and not to affect the publication for this year.
Mr. COLE. I will state that that is pre-
cisely what we are doing. We do not expect
that this clause will take effect in reference to
the publication for this year, and we make an
appropriation of $13,000 in the pending defi-
ciency Bill to continue the publication up to
the end of the present fiscal year. This bill
applies to the next year.
Mr. MORTON. What is the amendment?
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
insert on page 15 of the bill, after liue three
hundred and forty-four:
And all laws requiring the publication of the laws
and treaties in newspapers, are hereby repealed.
Mr. MORTON. Where is the saving clause
as to this year or this session of Congress ?
Mr. COLE. That can be added, if ncecs-
sary ; but this is an appropriation bill for the
next fiscal year.
Mr. MORTON. But the repeal takes place
immediately, I understand, and there is no
authority after its passage to publish the laws
a single day. The newspapers that have been
selected to publish these laws have made their
arrangements to do it. It requires changes in
the otliees of many of them. They have to
make preparation for it, and it is a matter of
contract. The letter read here by the chair-
man of the committee admits that it is a mat-
ter of contract, and 1 understand that the
Attorney General has given an opinion that if
the proper officer has selected a newspaper to
publish the laws, he cannot change the appoint-
ment, upon the ground that it is a contract.
That is the opinion of the Attorney General,
and it is admitted in the letter which the chair-
man of the committee read from that it is a
contract. If a contract has been made by the
Government with newspapers in all the States
to publish the laws, I ask if we have a moral
right to violate the contract, or if thtrc is any
necessity for doing it? If this change is to be
made, let it be a prospective change made
after the laws of this session of Congress have
been published, and after the present contracts
have been performed on both sides.
It seems to me that upon every ground this
amendment ought not to pass in its present
form. As 1 said yesterday, I am opposed to
its passage upon general principles. Instead
of not having the laws published in two papers
in each State, if it wa3 not for the expense I
would have them published in all the papers.
The point just put by the Senator from Kansas
is that the people have no means of knowing
what the law is. The five hundred thousand
business men who may be affected by the rev-
enue law have no means of knowing what it
is ; it is a thing that cannot be anticipated ;
it cannot be guessed at; and they cannot con-
form their business to the law without know-
ing what the law is. There are not enough
publications in the form of pamphlets or vol-
umes to enable the business men of the coun-
try to find out what the law is; but when
once the laws are published in one paper they
are copied into other papers, extracts are
given, and in that way a general knowledge
of the new law gets before the public. To
indict men or to prosecute them for violating
a law when that law has never been published,
and the newspapers, the ordinary channels of
information, contain nothing upon the sub-
ject, is a matter of simple injustice.
Mr. COLE. I am willing that the amend-
ment may be modified by adding at the end of
it the words, "such repeal to take effect on
the 1st day of July, 1872.
Mr. POMEROY. Let us have a vote on
that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read as it would stand if modified.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
All laws requiring the publication of the laws and
treaties in newspapers are hereby repealed, such
repeal to take effect on the 1st day of July, 1872.
Mr. MORTON. That does not cover the
point. Congress may be in session until the
1st of August.
Mr. SCOTT. I suggest that instead of that
language we say, "after the general laws of
the present session shall have been published."
There is an existing contract for them, and it
may take a month or two after the time fixed
to complete it.
Mr. COLE. I supposed we could get through
with this session in time to have the laws all
published before the end of the fiscal year. I
had some hope, until we got to this bill, that
we should get through in a reasonable time.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Committee on
Appropriations keep moving amendments they
need never expect to finish the bill.
Mr. COLE. I have not yielded the floor
yet. If there is no likelihood ofgetting through,
and the Senate are impressed with that idea,
I do not know but that the suggestion of the
Senator from Pennsylvania is a very good one,
and I have no objection to adopting his amend-
ment in place of the one I suggested, but still
I should like to entertain the hope that we shall
get through in a reasonable time, so that the
publications may be completed before the end
of the present fiscal year.
Mr. NYE. I should like to ask the Sena-
tor from California if these contracts have
not already been made for the ensuing year?
I understand the law to be, and I know the
practice is, that the representatives of the
State are asked to designate the newspapers
of their State in which they will have the laws
printed. It is generally done with reference
to their localities, so as to make the circula-
tion as extensive as possible, and as uniform
as possible. That designation has been made
for the coming year.
Mr. CORBETT. Is not the designation for
this entire Congress ?
Mr. NYE. Yes, the designation is made
for the Congress. This is no new subject to
me. We have had this struggle here for sev-
eral years as often as the appropriation bills
have come in. I am opposed to this whole
amendment, and opposed to it upon a prin-
ciple which, to me at least, is convincing. I
know that taking the State in which I live, our
settlements are mining settlements, and some-
times two or three hundred miles apart, with, in
the intervening distance, not a settlement, and
the only conveyances that are seen are those
which are used about the mines in transport-
ing provisions and supplies and machinery,
and the single stage that winds itself along -
with the mail once a week. It is quite im-
portant that in these distant settlements the
people should know what the law is. When
we are told that everybody is presumed to
know what the law is, I make a different asser-
tion, that the presumption is that we do not
any of us know exactly what it is. It is im-
portant to these distant inhabitants of the
State that they know what the law is; and
penalties are attached, and embarrassments
of every kind may surround one, and yet he
bo in the most perfect ignorance of the law
and acting in the greatest honest}', and the
first intimation is that these poor people who
live at these distant places are involved in dif-
ficulties. They are answered by the honor-
able chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations that everybody is presumed to know
