THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
to-morrow to the transaction of that business
which we can dispose of without this discus-
sion ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I understand
the Senator from California does not object.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope my colleague will
add that on Friday night we close this bill. '
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to submit an
alternative proposition, either one of which
will be accepted.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Ohio on my
right [Mr. Sherman] asks that we also agreeto
sit this bill out at the Friday session.
Mr. THURMAN and others. That is right.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Now we
understand it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to an inquiry, Mr.
President. I wish to know if by agreeing to
sit this bill out every gentleman binds his
honor that he himself will stay here. I have
been ill for a week, and I do not want to prom-
ise what I may not be able to perform.
Mr. COLE. Of course not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state the proposition. The Chair under-
stands the proposition to be that the further
consideration of this bill be postponed until
Friday at twelve o'clock, when it shall be taken
up in preference to all other business, and be
proceeded with and 110 debate had on this
pending question, nor on any amendment
thereto, either in Committee 01 the Whole or
in the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. And that we sit the bill
"out Friday.
Mr. STEVENSON. I understand all debate
is excluded as to this section and amendments
to it, and not. as to other amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tl.at is the
understanding of the Chair.
Mr. CONKLING. This is a new suggestion
about sitting it out on Friday,
Mr. SHERMAN. Wo want to get it through
on Friday. '
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection?
Mr. THURMAN. I wish it to be under-
stood that the unanimous consent will make
this bill the order for Friday even as against
the unfinished business of Thursday.
Several SutfAToit-.s. Certainly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
so understands.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 wish to make this sug-
gestion about sitting it out; we cannot tell
about sitting a bill out always lor a certainty.
There may be oxecutive business of import-
ance. For one 1 wish to enter a eaveat against
that,
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The propo-
sition of silling out was not spoken of by the
Chair as any part of the agreement.
Mr. CONKLING. It is no part of the
arrangement ?
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection to tho proposition an stated
by the Chair, and that is ordered.
fortification hill.
Mr. COLE. I move to take up the bill (H.
R. No. 1671) making appropriations for the
construction, preservation, and repairs of cer-
tain fortifications and other works of defense.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. We can pass that bill in
fifteen minutes.
Mr. POOL, I mov.e that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. COLE. Willthe Senator withdraw that
a moment? I presume this bill will not take
five minutes, certainly not more than ten.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We can pass it to-
morrow.
Mr. POOL. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to; and (at ten
o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 6, 1872.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a m.
Prayer by lie v. E. D. Owen, of Washington,
District of Columbia.
On motion of Mr. SAWYER, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal1 of
yesterday's proceedings was dispensed with.
OKDBK OP BUSINESS.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up House bill No.
1910.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall object to taking
up anything until the morning business is
through.
Mr. NORWOOD. I rise to ask unanimous
consent to call up a bill to which I hope the
Senator from Illinois will not object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall not object_as
soon as we get through with the morning
business.
Mr. NORWOOD. 1 desire to take it up,
subject to tho morning business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 object to anything
being taken up until the morning business is
through, because that puts us at the mercy of
a single Senator.
Mr. NORWOOD. It is merely a bill to
relieve the disabilities of three or four parties.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois objects.
H0US1S Ull.LS RKPlSIUtED.
Tho following bills from tho House of Rep-
resentatives wore severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
The bill (H. li. No. 29(18) establishing a post
route in PennsyU ania—to the Committee on
Post OUices and Post Roads.
The bill (II. R. No. 2%!)) to authorize and
direct the Secretary of War to distribute arms
and military equipments under the act of
April 23, 1808, and the acts amendatory
thereof—to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The bill (II. It. No. 2070) for the relief
of the widow and children of George Jones,
deceased, of Daviess county, Kentucky—to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The bill (H. R. No. 2971) to relieve the
political disabilities of Lucius J. Gartrell, of
Fulton county, Georgia, and other perstms
therein named—to the select Committee 011 the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
The bill (II. R. No. 2'J72) for the relief of
Rafael Madrazo—to the Committee on Claims.
KKl'OKTS 01' OOMMITTKKS.
Mr. BAYARD. I am instructed by the
Committee on Finance unanimously to report
a House bill and to ask for its present con-
sideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. T shall have no objec-
tion to its present consideration as soon as the
morning business is through.
The VICK PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois objects.
Mr. BAYARD. I withdraw it, then, for
the moment.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to take up a bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business is not yet concluded.
Mr. HOWE. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred the
bill (H. It. No. 2886) for the relief of Marga-
ret Fillebrown, to report.it back without amend-
ment. This is a bill which was overlooked the
other night by a mistake of the Senator from
Iowa, [Mr. Wiught ] It is to pay the widow
of an officer lost in the Coosa river his salary
to the end of the yeai iu which he t/u.s lost, and
if I do not get it acted npon now it will prob-
ably not pass at this session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Cljair under-
stands thy Senator from Illinois to object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do until the morning
business.is over. Then the Senate will cot be
at the mercy of a single individual.
Mr. CRAGIN. He will withdraw the objec-
tion in this case.
Mr.-TRUMBULL. No, I will not in any
case, because I cannot act impartially other-
wise. I want to be understood 
Mr. HOWE. You are.
Mr. TRUMBULL I myself have desired to
get up a bill here time and again, but one
single Senator objected and I could not do it,
ana the morning hour is used up in that way.
That places Senators upon an inequality. Let
the morning business run through, which will
not take fifteen minutes, and then each Sen-
ator, as he gets the flooor, if there is a major-
ity with him, can have his business done. I
do not wish to delay this bill, and I do not
wish to be placed in the position of objecting.
Mr. HOWE. This bill would have been
passed half an hour ago if you had not ob-
joctod.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps it would, and
it will pass just as quickly after the morning
business is through,
Mr. CRAGIN. The Senator will see that
one objection will defeat this bill because it
has been reported this morning.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will not after the
morning business is through.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
continue the call for morning business. Re-
ports of committees are still in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the-,bill (H. B. No. 18C9) for the better secur-
ity of bank reserves and to facilitate bank
clearing house exchanges, to report it back
without amendment. This is a bill that the
bankers and mercbauts of New York are very
anxious to have passed 
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. There is objec
tion, however, entered to the passage of any
bill until the morning business is concluded.
If there be 110 further reports of committees,
the introduction of bills is now in order. If
there are no bills to be introduced, Senate
resolutions are next in order.
INTIMIDATION OP JURIES.
Mr. STEWART. If the morning business
is concluded I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of House bill No. 1017.
It is a bill reported by the Judiciary Committee
and it will "not take a minute.
Mr. CASSERLY. Let the title of the bill
be read for information.
The Chief Clerk. A bill (H. R. No.
1017) to prevent and punish the obstruction of
the administration of justice in the courts of
the United States.
Mr. CASSERLY. I imagine I know what
that is.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
Mr. STEWART. The Committee on the
Judiciary have reported the bill with an amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute, and it is only
necessary to read the substitute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The reading of
the original bill will be dispensed with if there
be no objection.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of
the Committee on the Judiciary, which was to
strike out all of the original bill after the
enacting clause, and to insert in lieu thereof
the following:
That if any person or persons shall corruptly, or
by threats or force, or by threatening letters, or any
threatening communications, endeavor to influence,
intimidate, or- impede any grand or petit jury, or
juror of any court of tho United States in the dis-
charge of his or their duty, or shall corruptly, or by
threats or force, or by threatening letters, or any
threatening communications, influence, obstruct, or
impede, or endeavor to influence, obstruct, or im-
pede the due administration of justico therein,
such person or persons so offending shall be liable
to prosecution theretor by indictment, and shall,
on conviction thereof, be punished by line not ex-
<reedingr*§3,000. or by imprisonment not exceeding
three years, or byboth, aeo'ording to the aggravation
of the offense. And if any person or persons shall
