2488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
Greenwich, England, has had a large sum
placed at his disposalfor the construction of
ilistruments for observation, and recently a
sum of £5,000 was added for photographic
apparatus alone. Germany has set in motion
similar movements, at an estimated cost of
over one hundred and fifty thousand thalers,'
which, considering the lower compensation
for scientific work in that country, is quite
equal to $150,000 in the United States, Rus-
Bia is also alive to the great value of the pro-
posed observations, and has set the machin-
ery in motion to do her part. Shall the Uni
ted States play a minor or secondary part in
this grand work of science? Shall our Gov-
ernment, whose very existence depends upon
the intelligence of its citizens, be laggard in
furnishing its proper quota to the corps of
laborers in this field ?
Once more, and only once more, in the next
hundred years will this opportunity offer itself.
We may, Mr. President, see her yet many an
evening and many a morning, and admire her
beauty as all men have admired it ever since
the world began; but, sir, only twice in the
next hundred and thirty years will it be given
to man to see the beautiful planet darken by
her Bhadow the face of the sun. Only twice
will this means of acquiring knowledge im-
portant to every civilized man be given until
after the close of the twentieth century. We
cannot afford to neglect either opportunity to
add to the store of human knowledge, aud thus
to human happiness.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President  
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
South Carolina, the Chairsupposes, desires the
p.assage of the Dill if there is no objection. If
there is further debate, itwill have to go over,
as the morning hour has expired.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to have it
passed.
Mr. POMEROY. Does it make an appro-
priation i
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear it.
The bill was read as follows :
So il enacted. That there be appropriated out
of any idoucjmu the Troasuiy not otherwise appro-
priated, tlictium of $50,Out), to bo expended under the
direction of a commi-sion, to be oomposed of the
superintendent and two of the professors of mathe-
matics of the Navy attached to the A'aval Observa-
tory, the president of t.bo National Academy of
Sciences, and the superintendent of the Coast Sur-
vey, in the purcha&o and preparation of instruments
for a proper observation of 1he transit of Venus,
which is prcdiutod to occur on the 8th of December,
1874: Provided, That no contracts or engagements
shall bo made for such instruments to an amount
exceeding the sum hereby appropriated.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and read the third time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest to the Senator
from South Carolina that his bill provides for
two proicssors without providing any means
for designating which two.
Mr. SAWYER. 1 use exactly the language
of^the previous law which fixed them.
The bill.was passed.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest that the title be
amended by striking out the word " taking "
before the word " observations."
'Ihe amendment to the title was agreed to.
BKSJNKSS OF THE DAY.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the unfinished busine.-s
of yesterday, the Australian steamship bill, is
before the Senate; but, by unanimous consent,
this day was assigned for the consideration
of bills reported from the Committee on the
Judiciary. The Chair states this antagonism
so that the Senate may decide it.
Mr. POMEROY. In order that we may
have no antagonism, and in order that these
special assignments may amount to something,
I am willing ihat the unfinished business be
laid aside. I had that bill in charge yester-
day, but I do not wish to antagonize it with
the bills of the Judiciary Committee. Let it
be laid aside informally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ If there be no
objection, the unfinished business will be laid
aside informally.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think we had better
postpone it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it is laid aside
informally, it will be subject to be taken up
on the demand of any Senator.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That gets it out of our
way.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not necessarily. Any-
body who happens to be displeased with a
particular bill from the Committee on the
Judiciary may call up the unfinished business
again. I think we had better not lay it aside
informally.
Mr. POMEROY. No one will call it up
until the Committee on the Judiciary get
through with their bills; and then, if there is
any time left to day, some one will call it up.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know whether
that will be so or not. Therefore, I object to
the proposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont objects.
Mr. POMEROY. Then let us have the yeas
and nays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator will
not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itrequiresunani-
mous consent to lay the unfinished business
aside informally, because that reserves the
right to any Senator to call it up. It can be
postponed until to-morrow or laid on the table
by a majority vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. With a view of prevent-
ing discussion and not wasting the day in this
controversy, I move to lay the pending meas-
ure on the table, in order to proceed with the
consideration of business from the Judiciary
Committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois moves that the unfinished busi-
nessbelaid on the table, with a view of proceed-
ing to the consideration of bills reported from
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. To-day is as-
signed for the consideration of bills reported
from the Committee on the Judiciary. Unless
a division be demanded, the Chair will under-
stand that bills called up by the chairman of
that committee are before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole. If a division is
demanded, the sense of the Senate will be
taken.
PERPETUATION OF TESTIMONY.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senate to
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 286.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No 286)
to perpetuate testimony in the courts of the
United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The committee report
an amendment as a substitute for the bill,
which I send to the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the substitute only will be reported,
and it will be regarded as the original bill, so
that it can be subject to amendment in the
second degree if necessary.
1 he Chief Clerk read the words proposed to
be substituted for the bill by the amendment,
as follows:
That hereafter all depositions taken de bene esse
to be _ used m any civil cause depending in any
court m any district court of the United States for
the causes and before the officers mentioned in
section thirty of the act to establish the judicial
o?u,-or, ,United States, approved September
£4,1/oy, shall be taken upon reasonable notice, to
be given in writing by the party or his attorney
proposing to lake such deposition, to the opposite
party or his attorney of record, which notice shall
state the name of the witness and the time and
place of the taking of his deposition. And in all
cases in rem, the person having the agency or pos-
session of the property at the time of seizure sihall
be deemed the adverse party antil a claim shall
have been put in. And whenever, by reason of
absence from the district and want of an attorney
of record, or other reason, the giving of the notice
herein required shall ba impracticable, it shall be
lawful to take such depositions as there shall be
urgent necessity for taking, upon such notico as any
judge authorized to hold courts in such circuit
or district shall think reasonable and direct. But
this act shall not be oonstrued to affect the power
of any such court to cause testimony to bo take*
under commission, according to the course of the
common law, to be used therein.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. It
was ordered that the amendment be engrossed,
and the bi'll read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There was another bill
on this subject referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary—Senate bill No. 462, to amend
section thirty of the judiciary act, approved
September 25, 1789—which I ask leave now
to report back, and move that it be indefinitely
postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
RESIGNATION OF JUDGES.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senate to
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 435.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration ot the bill (S. No.
435) to authorize the President to accept the
resignation of judges of any court of the Uni-
ted States, the pending question being on the
amendment reported by the commit'tee to strike
out, in lines five and six, the words " satisfac-
tory proof shall be laid before him " and in-
sert "he shall be satisfied so as to make the
bill read:
That the President is hereby authorized and em-
powered to accept the resignation of any judge of
any court of the United States whenever he shall be
satisfied that such judge is, from physical or other
infirmity, permanently disabled from performing
efficiently the duties of his said office, &c.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that amendment
was agreed to formerly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
informed that it was not. If there be no
objection itwill be regarded as agreed to now.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to make a request
of the Senator from Illinois. The Senator from
Delaware who sits next to me, [Mr. Bayard,]
when this bill was last before the Senate, made
some remarks against it, aud if the bill is to be
considered to-day I know he would like to be
heard and take some part in the discussion
upon it. He expected, I know, to be here this
morning from Baltimore at the meeting of the
Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. At the suggestion of
the Senator from California I will call up au-
other bill now, and will call up this bill here-
after to-day. I wish to say, however, to the
Senator from California that the Senator from
Delaware has spoken twice upon the bill until
the morning hour expired, and I have no idea
that he desires to discuss it again, but still I
will lay it aside until he comes in, if he comes
in before we get through with other business.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am inclined to think
he wished to discuss it further.
Mr. CONKLING. I think the amendment,
if the Senator has no objection, had better
stand likewise. It was to that amendment, I
think, the Senator from Delaware was speak-
ing, and I should like to say a word upon it
myself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be regarded as not concurred in, as it was
passed sub silentio, and the bill will go over
until a later period of the day.
ADMINISTRATION OE JUSTICE.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now call up Senate
biU No. 473.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 473) to
further the administration of justice.
