696
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
On motion of Mr. CARPENTER, it was
Ordered, That Samuel A. Wilkins have leave to
withdraw from the Senate papers in relation to his
chums.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 547) to authorize the construction of a
bridge across the Mississippi river at or near
the town of Clinton, in the State of Iowa, and
to establish it as a post road; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Post Olfices and Post Roads, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HARLAN also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8.
No. 548) for the relief of Thomas Hughes;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HARLAN also asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 549) for the relief of Lieuten-
ant R. H. Pratt; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 550) to constitute Shreveport, in the State
of Louisiana, a port of delivery; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG also asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 651) for the relief of Charles Clin-
ton ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 552) to regulate the compensation of
the clerks employed in the several Executive
Departments of the Government; which was
read twice by its title, referred to tlio Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CASSERLY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 558) to regulate the taking of testimony
in certain cases; which was read twice by its
title,referred to the Committee 011 the .Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked and obtained leave
to introduce a bill (S. No. 554) for the relief
of James F. Joy ; which was iead twico by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 ask leave in that
connection to withdraw from the files of the
Senate the petition of James F. Joy, praying
such action as will give him possession of the
marine hospital grounds at Chicago, purchased
by him, and that they bo referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
It was so ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 655) regulating the distribution of prize
money; which was road twico by its title,
referred to the Committee on Finance, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CALDWELL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 556) to equalize bounties to the soldiers
of the United.States Army during the late
rebellion; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEVENSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leavo to introduce a
bill (S. No. 657) making an appropriation for
the improvement of the falls of the Ohio river
and the Louisville canal: which was read
twice by its title, referred' to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY (by request, as he stated)
asked, and by uuammous consent obtained,
leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 558) for the
relief of actual settlers upon the Cherokee
neutral lands in Kansas; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
conduct or president grant.
Mr. DAYIS, of Kentucky. I give notice
that on Friday I will move to take up my reso-
lution in relation to executive dereliction, and
in the mean time I ask that a modification of
the resolution which I propose to offer be
printed for the information of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky gives notice that on Friday next he
will ask the attention of the Senate to his res-
olution in regard to executive dereliction, and
he also asks that the proposed modification of
his resolution be printed. Is there any objec-
tion to that? The Chair hears no objection,
and the modification will be printed.
teuuantepec expedition.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
concurrent resolution; which was referred to
the Committee 011 Printing:
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concur-
ing,) That there be printed seven thousand addi-
tional copies of the report and accompanying maps
of tho Tehuantepec surveying expedition, of which
two hundred copies shall be for the use of the Sen-
ate, four thousand oopics for the use of tho House,
and one thousand copies for the use of the Secretary
of the Navy.
arrangement of desks.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution; which was referred to the Committee
to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate:
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed
to remove tho shelves betwoen the desks in the
Senate Chamber.
hail contractors in louisiana.
Mr. KELLOGG submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to;
Resolved, ®hat tho Postmaster General be directed
to transmit to tho Senate any information on file in
his Department showing the names of persons claim-
ing compensation for mail sorvice rendered in the
State of Louisiana prior to the year 1861, together
with tho amounts claimed by oaoh.
red kiver raft.
Mr. KELLOGG submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous conscnt, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Secretary of War be directed
to transmit to tho Senate any information on file ill
his Department showing tho nature and extent of
tho raft in Ilod river, above Shreveport, Louisiana,
and the probable oost of removing the same; also
any information showing what surveys, ostimates,
and appropriations, if any, have been made for the
removal of said raft, and how and to what extent
said appropriations have been expended.
post office deficiency.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to take up the
bill reported by the Committee on Public
Lands, setting aside the region around the
headwaters of the Yellowstone as a public
park.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator give way, that
I may have ,1 small appropriation bill passed?
Mr. POMEROY. I will lay the bill aside
informally if the Senator has something im-
portant.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be laid
aside informally, subject to a demand for the
regular order.
Mr. COLE. I should like to have House
bill No. 625 taken up. It is to enable one of
the Departments to close up its accounts.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 625) making appro-
priations to supply a deficiency in the appro-
priations for salaries and contingent expenses
of the Post Office Department for the current
fiscal year. It proposes to appropriate to sup-
ply the deficiency (caused by the defalcation
of F. A. McCartney, late disbursing clerk) in
the appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department, for the present fiscal year,
the following sums: for salaries, $11,483 25;
for contingent expenses, $12,268 26.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do T understand this
appropriation to be to make up a defalcation
of some one?
Mr. COLE. Yes.
Mi'. TRUMBULL. I am not advised about
it. Has he not securities who can respond ?
Has he no means? I suppose the Senate
ought to have some evidence that the party
himself and his securities, if he has any, have
been followed up before we make an appro-
priation to supply the deficiency caused by the
defalcation.
Mr. COLE. I am informed that there are
securities liable for a portion of this defal-
cation, but not for the whole amount; but in
case the securities are made to respond to the
extent of their bonds, the appropriation will
nevertheless have to be made, inasmuch as the
money so received will go into the Treas-
ury, and cannot be applied without a further
appropriation. This is an appropriation to
meet a deficiency caused by the defalcation of
McCartney, disbursing clerk in the Post Office
Department, who was afterward taken to the
insane asylum, and has since died. His bonds-
men are ready to respond to the amount of
about ten thousand dollars, I believe; but that
will not meet all the deficiency. The Depart-
ment needs this appropriation in order to
straighten up the books of the Department
during the current fiscal year. There is no
other way to get at it except by this action of
Congress.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
read the third time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the bill passes
I desire to ask another question. Is there no
danger that the passage of the bill in this form
•will release the sureties ? Will not this be a
payment of the defalcation? When you come
t,o sue 011 the bond, you must urge as a breach
of the bond that this money has not been paid.
Mr. COLE. That it has not been paid by
. the securities, I suppose, would be a sufficient
basis. This money is partly due as salaries.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But hear my sugges-
tion. I am not sure about it; it occurs to me
merely; but suppose a third party, in no way
connected with this matter, had come forward
and paid the money for which this party is
a defaulter, would the Senator from California
hold that he could then sue the sureties on the
bond?
Mr. COLE. No; because that would be
satisfying the obligation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, if the Govern-
ment itself, to whom the bond is given, comes
in, and by an appropriation settles the defal-
cation, is there no apprehension that it will
release the securities? I merely suggest it.
Mr. SAWYER. I think the Senator from
Illinois misunderstands the ease and the man-
ner in which the bill is drawn. The facts are
that the money which the defaulting clerk
made use of was money which he had drawn
for the purpose of paying certain salaries and
certain contingent expenses. He did not pay
those bills; the salaries were still due ; the
money was taken out of the appropriation for
the current fiscal year; the defalcation was for
the previous fiscal year. After a consultation
with the Secretary of the Treasury, the Attor-
ney General, and the Postmaster General, it
•was determined that it would be proper to take
the money out of the appropriations for this
fiscal year. That leaves a deficit in this fiscal
year of just so much money as has been taken
out for the purposes of the previous fiscal year,
which would have been paid out of the pre-
vious year's appropriations but for the defal-
cation. This bill is to make good that deficit
in the appropriations for this year.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill would be per-
fectly clear if all about the defalcation of Mr.
McCartney was left out. I do not see why
that is in._ This is simply an appropriation to
supply deficiencies for clerks. It is no matter
how it occurred. Congress can undoubtedly
do that. But why is it necessary to recite that
it is to make up a defalcation of somebody?
