1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
697
I think it will be much better to leave all that
out. I do not wish to interfere with the bill 5
I suppose the committee have examined it.
Mr. COLE. There can be no objection to
leaving out the words in parenthesis in the
fifth and sixth lines: "caused by the defal-
cation of F, A. McCartney, late disbursing
clerk.'1 I have no objection whatever to those
words being stricken out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, these words will be regarded as
omitted. The amendment will be engrossed,
and the question is on the passage of the bill.
The bill was passed.
yellowstone park.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (S.
No. 392) to set apart a certain tract of land
lying near the headwaters of the Yellowstone
river as a public park, taken up on the motion
of the Senator from Kansas, which was report-
ed by the Committee on Public Lands, is now
before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole. <
The bill was read. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands reported the bill with amendments,
which were in section one, line nineteen, to
strike out the words u after the passage of this
act," and in line twenty, after the words " set-
tle upon," to insert the words u or occupy; "
so as to make the bill read:
Be it enacted <£c.. That the tract of land in the Ter-
ritories of Montana and Wyoming lying near the
headwaters of the Yellowstone river, and described
as follows, to wit: commencing at the junction of
Gardiner's river with the Tellewstone river, and
running east to the meridian paseago ten miles to
the eastward of the most eastern point of Yellowstone
lake; thence south along said meridian to the par-
allel of latitude passing ten miles south of the most
southern point of Yellowstone lake; thence west
along said parallel to the meridian passing fifteen
miles west of the most western point of Madison
lake; thence north along said meridian to the lati-
tude of the junction of the Yellowstone and Gardi-
ner's rivers; thence east to the place of beginning, is
hereby reserved and withdrawn from settlement,
occupancy, or sale under the laws of the United
States, and dedicated and set apart as a public park
of pleasuring-ground for the benefit and enjoyment
of the people; and all persons who shall locate, or
settle upon or occupy the same, or any part thereof,
except as hereinafter provided, shall be considered
trespassers, and removed therefrom.
Sec. '2. That said public park shall be under the
exclusive control of the Secretary of the Interior,
whose duty It shall be, as soon as practicable, to
make and publish such rules and regulations as he
may deem necessary or proper for the care and man-
agement of the same. Such regulations shall provide
for the preservation from injury or spoliation of all
timber, mineral deposits, natural curiosities, or won-
ders within said paik, and their retentioniu their nat-
ural condition. The Secretary may in his discretion
grant leases for building purposes, for terms not ex-
ceeding ten years, of small parcels of ground, at such
places in said park as shall require tbecrection of
buildings for the accommodation of visitors; all of
the proceeds of said leases, and all other revenues
that may be derived from anysource connected with
said park, to be expended under his direction in the
management of the same, and the construction of
roads and bridle-paths therein. He shall provide
against the wanton destruction of tho fish and game
found within said park, and against their capture or
destruction for the puipose3 of merchandise or profit,
lie shall also cause all persons trespassing upon the
name after the passage of this act to be removed
therefrom, and generally shall be authorized to take
all such measures as shall be necessary or proper to
fully carry out the objects and purposes of this act.
The VICE PRESIDENT. These amend-
ments will be regarded as agreed to unless
objected to. Tbey are agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I observe that the de-
struction of game and fish for gain or profit is
forbidden. 1 move to strike out the words
"for gain or profit}" so that there shall be no
destruction of game there for any purpose.
We do not want sportsmen going over there
with their guns.
Mr. POMEROY. The only object was to
prevent the wanton destruction of the fish and
game; but we thought parties who encamped
there and caught fish for their own use ought
not to be restrained from doing so. The bill
will allow parties there to shoot game or catch
fish for their own subsistence. The provision
of the bill is designed to stop the wanton de-
struction or capture of game or fish for mer-
chandise.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not know but that
that covers it. What I mean is that this park
should not be used for sporting. If people
are encamped there, and desire to catch tish
and kill game for their own sustenance while
they remain there, there can be 110 objection
to that; but I do not think it ought to be used
as a preserve for sporting.
Mr. POMEROY. I agree with the Senator,
but I think the bill as drawn protects the game
and fish as well as it can be done.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well; I am satisfied.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator does
not insist on his amendment?
Mr. ANTHONY. No, sir.
Mr. TIPTON. I think if this is to become
a public park, a place of great national resort,
and we allow the shooting of game or the
taking of fish without any restriction at all,
the game will soon be utterly destroyed. I
think, therefore, there should be a prohibition
against their destruction for any purpose, for
if the door is once opened I fear there will
ultimately be an entire destruction of all the
game in that park.
Mr. POMEROY. It will be entirely under
the control of the Secretary of the Interior.
He is to make the rules that shall govern the
destruction and capture of game. I think in
that respect the Secretary of the Interior,
whoever he may be, will be as vigilant us we
would be.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Perhaps the
Secretary had better report the sentence
refered to by Seaators as bearing 011 this ques-
tion, aud then any Senator who desires to
amend can move to do so.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
He shall provide against tho wanton destruc-
tion ot tbo fish and game found within said park,
and against their capture ordestruction forthe pur-
poses of merchandise or profit.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope this bill will pass.
I have taken some pains to make myself ac-
quainted with the history of this most interest-
ing region. It is so far elevated above the
sea that it cannot be used for private occupa-
tion at all, but it is probably one of the most
wonderful regions in that space of territory
which the globe exhibits anywhere, and there-
fore we are doing no harm to the material
interests of the people in endeavoring to pre-
serve it. 1 hope the bill will pass unani-
mously.
Mr. COLE. I have grave doubts about the
propriety of passing this bill. The natural
curiosities there cannot be interfered with by
anything that man can do. The geysers will
remain, 110 matter where the ownership of the
land may be, and I do not know why settlers
should be excluded from a tract of land forty
miles square, as I understand this to be, in
the Rocky mountains or any othor place. I
cannot see how the natural curiosities can
be interfered with if settlers are allowed to
approach them. I suppose there is very little
timber on this tract of land, certainly 110 more
than is neccssary for the use and convenience
of persons going upon it. I do not see the
reason or propriety of setting apart a large
tract of land of that kind in the Territories of
the United States for a public park. There is
abundance of public park ground in the Rocky
mountains that will never be occupied. It ia
all one great park, and never can be anything
else; large portions of it at all events. There
are some places, perhaps this is one, where
persons can and would go and settle and im-
prove and cultivate the grounds, if there be
ground fit for cultivation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Has myfriend forgotten
that this ground is north of latitude forty, and
is over seven thousand feet above the level of
the sea? You cannot cultivate that kind of
ground.
Mr. COLE. The Senator is probably mis-
taken in that. Ground of a greater height
than that has been cultivated and occupied.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In that latitude ?
Mr. COLE. Yea, sir. But if it cannot be
occupied and cultivated, why should we make
a public park of it? If it cannot be occupied
by man, why protect it from occupation ? I
see no reason m that. If nature has excluded
inen from its occupation, why set it apart and
exclude persons from it? If there is any
sound reason for the passage of the bill, of
course I would not oppose it; but really I do
not see any myself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think our experience
with the wonderful natural curiosity, if I may
so call it, in the Senator's own State, shonld .
admonish us of the propriety of passing such
a bill as this. There is the wonderful Yosemite
valley, which one or two persons are now
claiming by virtue of a preemption. Here is
a region of country away up in the Rocky
mountains, where there are the most wonder-
ful geysers 011 the face of the earth ; a country
that is not likely ever to be inhabited for the
purposes of agriculture; but it is possible that
some person may go there and plant himself
right across the only path that leads to these
wonders, aud charge every man that passes
along between tho gorges of these mountains
a fee of a ■ dollar or five dollars. He may
place an obstruction there, and toll may be
gathered from every person who goea to see
these wonders of creation.
Now this tract of land is uninhabited; no-
body lives there; it was never trod by civilized
man until within a short period. Perhaps a
year or two ago was the first time that this
country was ever explored by anybody. It is
now proposed, while it is in this condition, to
reserve it from sale and occupation in this way.
I think it is a very proper bill to pass, and now
is the time to enact it. We did set apart the
region of country on which the mammoth trees
grow in California, and the Yosemite valley
also we have undertaken to reserve, but there
is a dispute about it. Now, before there is any
dispute as to this wonderful country, I hope we
shall except it from the general disposition of
the public lands, and reserve it to the Govern-
ment. At some future time, if we desire to do
so, wc can repeal this law if it is in anybody's
way ; but now I think it a very appropriate bill
to pass.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed ; aud the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
julia a. smith.
Mr. TIPTON. I move that the Senate take
up Senate bill No. 423, a bill to pay to a widow
an amount found due her husband as an officer
of the Government, and until it is paid her—
and I have the letter of the Comptroller in
my hand saying it is due—she cannot pay the
funeral expenses of that husband, who died
here within the last nine months.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 423} for the relief of Julia A. Smith was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
$640 70 (the amount found to be due by the
First Comptroller of the Treasury, as per re-
port No. 22067) to Mrs. Julia A. Smith, admin-
istratrix of the estate of the late Charles B.
Smith, formerly receiver of public moneys,
acting as disbursing agent at Brownville,
Nebraska.
Mr. CONICLING. Does this bill come from
a committee?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does; from
the Committee on Public Lands. It states on
its face that this is an amount found to be due
by a report of the First Comptroller of the
Ireasury.
Mr. TIPTON. I hold in my hand that
report.
Mr. SHERMAN. _ I hope the reference to
the report will be stricken out.
Mr, TIPTON. I have the report, and
every Senator can see that the Comptroller
has passed upon it. I have no objection,
