1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
645
42d Cox«....2d Hess.
Affairs in Louisiana—Mr. Smith.
Ho. op Reps.
negroes (3010. 3030 ;) ingults to Union soldiers,
(Waters "10'i;) known t>> have committed murder
on day of the rior, (Shelly, 682i;j a noted Thug,
(Jjurke, fiUjy,") &c.
The Governor testifies that he had appointed
thi* man io an office worth live or hix. thousand
dollars per year. Some other witness testifies
that the olhce is worth ten to twelve thousand
dollars. It is reasonable to suppose that the
Governor was a shining light at Cincimiaii, and
is an advocate of civil service reform.
The presidents of the ward clubs where
violence and bloodshed had been frequent in
the election of delegates, the mayor of the
city, and leading citizens of both parties,
appealed to Mr. Packard to protect the con-
vention and the city by the effective presence
of troops. The Democratic editor of the New
Orleans Times testified:
" Question. Do you know the condition of this city
on the evening prior to the August Republican con-
vention here?
**An*w?r. I left the city on the 7th or8th; there
was great excitement.
" Qwtion. Did you know whether affairs were
threatening, and there was imminent danger of a
riot?
" Anwr. \es. sir; there was great excitement.
The police seemed to be v ery# uiuch agitated, and
were running from poiul to point. There was a very
fiery feeling."
A deposition of Edwin L. Jewel, editor of
the Commercial Bulletin, and a member of the
State Democratic central committee, states:
"It wns generally known that all of the public
hails in tho city had been secured by the Governor
or bis friend', with n view ot forcing his opponents
to assemble in the Mechanics' Institute, a building
rented by the Governor tor a State-house and the
executive office. Thi? place, it was believed, would
be filled by metropolitan police, under the control
of the Governor, and there would have been no hes-
itation, I believe, to invoke their forcible inter-
ference had there been   majority of delegates
opposed to his Excellency. So satisfied was I of this
fact that I took occasion to tell Mr. Packard, the
president of the Republican central committee,
that if he called the convention at any place in the
citv outside of the cu<tom-house, Warmoth would
purely take violent possession of it and control its
deliberation?.
"This he was prevented from doing only by the
presence of the Federal troops on the day of the con-
vention, and by their timely appearance on that
occasion I believe the Republican party or' this State
was saved from annihilation, as they preveuted a
collision which otherwise was inevitable between
the adherents of Governor Warmoth and the Oppo-
sition. And had any disturbance occurred between
those two tactions, whether in the custom-house or
elsewhere, it would have been.the signal for a gen-
eral riot, which would have never terminated until
the prominent leaders of both factions had been
swept away, and the Republican parry left without
a leader and the State without an Executive.
*Tbe wrongs and oppressions ot the Republican
partv had weighed so heavily upon the people, and
had so prostrated the commercial and industrial pur-
suits ot the ei y, that a largectass ot the community
is without occupation or wean* of livelihood, and
their condition is desperate. Whether justly ornot,
they hold the Republican party responsible tor their
miseries; and while, as a general rale, our people
are the mo<t orderly, peaceable, and long-enduring,
still there is an element that cannot be influenced
by reason, but is governed by passion and prejudice,
and by their real or imaginary grievances. These
people cannot be controlled when an opportunity
presents itself to them for removing the cause of
their misfortunes. And such an event a? a row be-
tween the two {actions ot the party they oppose, I
believe would have been eagerly seized upon and
profitably used. Under these circumstances the re-
sponsibility of such a riot would have been entirety
with the Republican party, while those who played
the most destructive part would have been held
blameless because unknown, and perhaps unseen in
the terrible tragedy that was -being enacted. Kach
faction would have charged the other with the work
of destruction, while in reality they were both being
annihilated by an unsuspected hand. The presence
of the Federal troops then on the day of the con-
vention was as sore a disappointment to the turbu-
lcntly inclined as on the day when the people had
resolved to drive out Governor Warmoth with
his police and revolutionary Legislature from the
St atc-house. It was the most positive assurance that
Governor Warmoth would not be permitted to in-
fiugm:tte a disturbance, and the convention would
be peaceably convened and a conflict of the factions
avoided. And without this conflict the opportunity
for a triangular light vanished. Thus. the Repub-
lican party with alt of itt> leaders in this city was
saved. „ _ ,
"And here I would state that the use of Federal
troops on occasions of political excitement is not
without pr^e^dent in this State. During tb^ admin-
istration of President Buchanan Mr. r. H. Hatch
was collector of the port, and the headquarters of
the Democratic party wh« the custom-house. At the
election for mayor of this cify in 18-38 a fierce and
bitter campaign had been raging between the Dem-
ocratic and Know-Nothing parties. Political ex-
citement was very gr*at, and serious disturbances
anticipated. Mr. Tlat^h, fearing an attack upon the
custom-house bv the Know Nothings, from the fact
of it being Democratic headquarters, telegraphed
his apprehensions to Washington and a&ked for
authority to send for troops. Two companies of
infantry, at that time stationed at the barracks in
Baton Rouge, were placed at his disposal, and by his
orders were brought to thi« eity and stacked their
arms in the custom-house and remained there until
alter the election. Nodisturbanceoccurred and the
troops returned to tbeir quarters."
Governor Dunu, in his letter to Mr. Greeley,
said;
" The action of the committee was not only sanc-
tioned by the usages of party organization, but mod-
erate andnecessary, and the conduct of the Federal
authorities was discreet and wise, not only author-
ized. but demanded by existing laws, and bad they
done less tbey would have failed in tbeir duty. Ay,
more, the persistent and repeated outrages of his
Excellency and his supporters, showing the pres-
ence of organized assaults upon the rights oT citi-
zen « as guarantied by the C institution and the law*
made thereunder, but the connivance of the police
with the evil-minded persons perpetrating these
ou' rages clearly called for and would have justified
the interference, for our protection* of ihe: Presi-
dent, under the third section of the enforcement
bill of April 20,1871. All the material lacts herein
recited, and more, are not only confirmed by the
conduct of his Excellency in withdrawing from
their beats and massing in the neighboiho* d of the
custom-house, hundreds of the metropolitan police,
and in an unavailing effort to cdi out the militia
t«>r the same nefarious purpose, but by affidavits of
reliable and respectable men, who were personally
cognizant of the facts alleged." * * * *
" It is alleged or assumed by the aforementioned
journals that the United States court-room ."was
selected as the place of meeting as an excuse to
obtain and use 'be Federal troops against the faction
of Governor Warmoth. It is further alleged or
assumed that Governor Warmoth was, with his
friends, refused admittance to the room iu which the
convention was to be held after he had made an
effort to obtain entrance at the time unanimously
agreed upon by the committee, including his own
friends among thera, to wit, 11 30 a. m.
" Furthermore, it is alleged that the troops inter-
fered to intimidate the delegate®, and finally drove
the Governor and his followers from the convention.
Bach one of the^e allegations and assumptions is
unequivocally and utterly devoid of truth. There
was not a full company of troops, no Galling guns,
no privilege of entrance granted t* any delegate not
granUd to the bolters, noint^rferenee on the part of
the military with the members of the convention,
and no deputy marshals in the room where it assem-
bled; and the men who originated the allegations
herein denied, if cognizant of the facts at all of
which they write and speak, knew that their utter-
ances were groundless fabrications, and unworthy
of credit."
How pitiable is the insane partisan fury
which arraigns the President for keeping in
office a judicious and faithful man who saved
both the Warmoth and anti-Warmoth leaders
from assas^ina ion, and the party from threat-
ened annihilation proved by such credible testi-
mony as this.
I earlessly, Mr. Speaker, does a great party,
proud of its standard-bearer, wait for the ver-
dict of the people upon this charge. All that
he has ever said upon the subject Judge Dib-
ble discloses :
" Question. Did the President justify the conduct
of the custom-house officials in bringing armed sol-
diers into the building?
" Anxtccr. fie made use of a very curious phrase m
regard to that. He wanted to know whatobjections
we had to the troops if we did not intend to do any
harm."
With him alone, among men, is the proverb
reversed: "It is'silence that is silver, and
speech that is golden.''
A majority ot' this committPe have reported
that "there is no trace of interference by the
Administration at Washington" with the local
politics of tne State, and the minority have not
dared assert, the eoiitiary. If the use made of
the cutter Wilderness was a viola: ion of a Treas-
ury order, that order was probably not known
to the parties in control of the cutter, and was
not known to your committee, even, untilatten-
tion was recently called to it in the public
prints. Congressional -committees have uni-
formly ridden upon the cutter. Thesame thing
has been done from time immemorial. In
the last Democratic administration a Demo-
cratic delegation went from Nr<-w York to
Cbarles'on on the cutler Harriet Lane.
The cutter did not go off from her beat, and
was at al! times within call, and the absent
senators were hourly expected. This use of the
cuiter, however, was reprehensible, though it
cannot bejustly condemned as a crime demand-
ing exemplary punishment. The Democratic
State central committee aided, abetted, ami
instigated the act, Judge Ogden, its chair-
man, afterward visiting and comforting the
exiled senators at Bay St. Louis. Audi Mi;.
Speaker, even more than the telegram of
the Democratic central committee asking the
President to declare martial law, d©es the
use of the cutter, shop the reconstruction of
the Louisiana Democracy. For five days and
nights, of Democrats and Republicans,, white
and black, there were fifteen senator® aboard
the cutter, which had but six berths. You
see, Mr. Speaker, that makes a sum in lite
rule of three.
Not a job has passed the Legislature tljat
has not been pressed by leading and influ-
ential Democrats. The State indebtedness
i has been increased mainly by six acts of
, the Legislature. One of them had eight neg-
ative votes in the senate, and nine in the
; house; five were passed by unanimous vote
: in one house or tie othef; two, incurring
! the largest amount of liability, were; passed
! unanimously in both houses, and one became
J a law w.iifaout the sanction of the Governor.
I This increase of indebtedness has been inaiuly
; incurred in aid of railroads indispensable to
! the prosperity of the State. Before it.wasirj-
' curred Louisiana had but two hundred a l
I eighty-one miles of railroad, while some of the
| States have upward of five thousand miles,
i The certificates of State indebtedness have
| lately sold for thirty-eight per cent, more than
j iu the last Democratic State administration.
I Let the odium, sir, whatever it be, of ear-
1 pet-bag adventurers be divided between the
• parlies ou the square. Mr. Joubert testi-
i tied:
! "Question. Ton do,not mean to say that lie (Col-
; lector Casey) was charged with scoundreiism and
, robbing the people 'i
\ "Answer. iso, sir; he was always regarded a,- an
honest man.
"Question. Before the Republicans were in power
1 wasilr.Creecyasapervisorol internal revenuehere?
"Antncer. Yes, sir.
"Question. Was he a carpet-bagger from Washing-
ton? '
"Answer. Yes, he was; and as soon as he lost his
office he weotavray.
"Question, lie was here under the eld Democratic
regiiti-'' /
"Answer. He was under Johnson.
"Question, Mr. Crefcey himseli was a Democrat,
was ue not ?
"Ansicer. X thick he was.
"Question. Was G-eneral Sieadman, of Ohio, a col
lector otinternal revenue here?
"An wr. Yes; he was a Democrat; be was a
carpet-bagger. ,
"Question. When he got out of office he backed
out 7
"Answer. Yes; he went away.
"Question. Was Perry Fuller collector of the port
then V
"Anfnwr. Yes.
"Question. Was he a carpet-bagger and a Dem-
ocrm
"Answer. Of course he was."
Mr. Mann, a northern man, elected to Cob-
gress from Louisiana, was named as another
" Democratic carpet-bagger."
Mr. Speaker, tbe gratuitous insinuation that
General Grant had ouoe dismissed tbe Gov-
ernor from a military command "from question-
able motives" was impertinent to any matter
in tbe province of your committee, and bears
Ou irs very face more of shame tha.n reason.
Let gentlemen whose lofty statesmanship is the
