1872.
THE OOFGRISSIOKAL GLOBE.
3385
them, appointed by Governor Davis. We
found that their testimony did not sustain the
action of the board of State canvassers in re-
fusing to count the votes cast in the counties
of Bosque, Freestone, Brazos, and at one of
the boxes in Washington. In the case of the
county of Limestone, in the opinion of the
majority of the committee the action of the
board was sustained. In that county there
was a very serious difficulty immediately pre-
ceding the election, in which one man was
killed and another woundpd, and martial law
was proclaimed. In my opinion such a con-
dition of things existed in this county as to
prevent a fair election. In that county only
28 votes were cast for the sitting member,
and 1,153 for the contestant.
But the exclusion of the vote of Limestone
county is not at all material to the decision of
the case, because the majority of the contest-
ant is too large to be overcome by ^uch ex-
clusion. The whole case, as the sitting mem-
ber has well said, turn's upon the action of the
board of State canvassers in rejecting one of
the boxes in the county of-Washington. Now,
I wish to state the facts in relation to that mat-
ter with a little particularity, because, as the
gentleman has said, it must have controlling
influence in the determination of the case.
The testimony of the officers of the election,
I believe all of them, as well as that of some
twenty or twenty live other witnesses, has been
taken with regard to the election in Washing-
ton county. Let it be remembered that these
election officers are Republicans; that they are
appointees of Governor Davis himself; and
that they all concur in- their testimony as to
the facts.
The law requires all the voters of the county
to cast their votes at one place, namely, at the
county seat. It has been the practice in that
county ever since that law has been in force
to have two ballot-boxes, in order to facilitate
the voting, for the reason, as claimed, that
there is not time to receive the ballots of all
the electors at one box. This has been the
uniform practice ever since 1865. At the pre-
vious election, when the sitting member was
elected, the same thing was done. I do not
say, however, that the practice is in entire con-
formity with law. The statuteot'Texas is silent
upon the subject ; it does not say whether there
shall be one or two boxes ; butl apprehend that
where there is no provision to the contrary one
box is all that can be allowed at any one poll.
This point, however,.was not decided by the
committee, because in our view of the case it
was wholly immaterial, and I do not under-
take to decide it now.
But, Mr. Speaker, both these boxes were in
the same room ; they were both presided over
by the same election officers; they were both
presided over by the officers of the law. One
was presided over by the regular officers as
well and as much as the other. There were
no irregular officers there. The two boxes
were within twelve or fifteen feet of each
other; and the same judges presided over
both. So that it is manifest beyond all doubt
that whatever affects the validity of one of
those boxes affects equally the validity of the
other; that both must be counted or both re-
jected. But the Governor and the board of
returning officers rejected one and counted the
other. The one rejected contained 64 ballots
cast for the sitting member and '2,322 for con-
testant, while the one which was counted con-
tained 2,535 votes for the sitting member and
110 for contestant.
Whether this election was valid or void is
wholly immaterial, and therefore need not be
decided, for if the vote of this county is all ad-
mitted or all rejected in either event it is fatal to
the case of the sitting member. If the whole
vote cast at both boxes beadmitted it increases
, the vote of contestant over the number counted
for him by the returning officers 2,258; if the
vote cast at both boxes be rejected, the con-
testant thereby gains over the vote allowed
him by sa,id board 2,425 votes. The certified
majority for the sitting member, being only
1,325, is largely more than overcome in either
case.
I will not detain the House with any further
discussion of this case. I have thought it
proper to make this statement in order that
the action of the Committee of Elections
might_ be understood by the House. That
committee, Mr. Speaker, is at least a quasi
judicial body. It has endeavored to conduct
itself in this case and in others as such.
Mr. HOAR. Wiy'the gentleman allow me
to ask him one question? I cannot hope to
add anything to tjpe admirable statement
which he has made ; but 1 wish to put to hiin
this inquiry: suppose we grant to the sitting
member every claim that he has made in re-
gard to this case and simply allow to the con-
testant votes rejected on account of little tech-
nicalities, such as the numbering of the bal-
lots or the signing of the returns by wrong
officers, is there any doubt in the mind of any
member of the committee that the contestant
is elected?
Mr. McCRARY. I think not; at least there
is not, if we speak only of, the counties where
it is claimed that by means of these indict-
ments there was such a state of things that no
testimony could be taken. There are allega-
tions in regard to other counties, but we might
concede all that the sitting member claims in
regard to these particular counties, and yet
the case would stand clearly in favor of the
contestant.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will ask the
gentleman what difference there is between
the prima facie case which was acted on by
the House several months ago and the case
upon the merits on which we are to act to-
day? In other words, has anything transpired
within four or five months past which shows
that there was any necessity fpr prolonging
the trial in this case?
Mr. McCJttARY. There is this difference :
the one was a prima facie case merely; the
other is a case upon the merits. Upon the
prima facie case the law raised a presumption
t.bat the certificate issued under the great seal
of the State was true, and that the votes which
were excluded ought to have been excluded.
When the prima facie case was acted on, we
had not all the facts before us ; hence, adopt-
ing the presumptions of the law, we admitted
the sitting member upon his certificate. But,
having now taken the testimony and invest-
igated the merits of the case, we have ascer-
tained the facts and report a different conclu-
sion. The presumption in favor of the party
holding the certificate has been overcome by
proof.
I now call the previous question.
Mr. BANKS. I hope not before I have
the opportunity to ask the gentleman a ques-
tion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I wish to ex-
press the hope we shall as soon as possible
do away with this kind of cases and proceed
always on the merits.
Mr. DICKEY. I hope we never will.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Iowa a question. It is impossible
for the House to examine the testimony, which
in this case covers some two hundred and
sixty four pages. I understand from what the
sitting member said that his case rests mainly
on the disturbed condition of the counties
composing the district, and which he has been
to this day representing on this floor. Now,
the evidence in point certainly presents a
strange character. There is a letter published
on page 94 of the testimony in this case which,
if true, charges the Governor of Texas with
very grave crimes, indeed in favor of sustain-
ing the election of the sitting member. If
false, then there has been the gravest outrage
upon justice and law. The real letter sent to
the Governor of the State, of which a copy pur-
ports to be published on page 94, was read at
the Clerk's desk, and it is entirely different from
the one which purports to be a copy of it.
What I want to know of the committee is—
and I understand it is a unanimous report,
which of course will have great weight with
the House—what I wish to know of the com-
mittee is, how far this letter printed on page
04 has entered into the judgment of the case?
If it has entered into it at all, it is disproved
by the letter read at the Clerk's desk. If not,
then how far have they gone into the disturbed
condition of the district?
Mr. McCRARY. The letter to which the
gentleman refers has not entered into the con-
sideration of the case at all. It does not pur-
port to be an exact copy. He states it to be
as near a true copy, as he can recollect. The
letter produced shows' that he in no manner
proposes even in substance to give a copy. I
had endgaved not to say anything which would
reflect on Governor Davis. He, of course, has
acted conscientiously upon the facts which
were presented to him. So far as that letter
is concerned it has hud nothing to do with the
decision of this case.
Mr. BANKS. It is a serious question why
it has not. Here is a let ter which charges the
Governor of the State of Texas that he caused
to be instructed this man that he might com-
mit frauds upon the election and if found
guilty he would pardon him. Now the real
letter of the Governor is produced which shows
there was no such understanding. It seems
there should not be a unanimous report on this
subject wiLhout some consideration of so grave
a matter as this. If the testimony is false in
this regard, it must be taken to be false in other
respects.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to ask the
chairman of the Committee of Elections
whether his committee were trying the Gov-
ernor of Texas ?
Mr. McCKARY. Of course not.
Mr. BANKS. That is not an answer. We
are not trying the Governor at all, but if the
fact as stated on page 94 of the testimony is
false, it seems to me it would go very far to
break down confidence in other statements in
the same testimony. The question is, how far
can we trust the report at all if we find so gross
a misstatement ?
Mr. McCRARY. It would not be at all
material if the letter of Hurlets were stricken
out. I now ask for a voto.
The SPEAKER. The questionis on agree-
ing to the following resolutions reported by the
Committee of Elections.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That W. T. Clark is not entitled to a seat
in this House from the third congressional district
ot tho State of Texas.
Rcttolvttl, That 1). C. Giddings is entitled to a seat
in this House from the said third congressional dis-
trict of the State of Texas.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. McCRARY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolutions were adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. D. C. Giddings then presented himself
and was duly qualified by taking the oath pre-
scribed by the act of July 11, 1868.
limitation of debate on tub tariff bill.
Mr. DONNAN. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of passing the following
resolution.
The Clerk read as follows :
Itcxolved, That all debate on the pending- tariff
bill and amendments thereto shall eloso on Thurs-
day, the 16th instant, at three o'clock p. m.. further
amendments being still in order.
Mr. BEATTY. I ask permission of the
gentleman to amend that by offering what I
send to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. DONNAN. I decline to admit the
amendment.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not
amendable.
