1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
699
calculated to promote the great purposes we
are endeavoring to serve? Let us see. At
the close of the war we had to establish and
secure free labor and the rights of the eman-
cipated class. To that end we had to disarm
those who could have prevented this, and we
had to give the power of self-protection to
those who needed it. For this reason tem-
porary restrictions were imposed upon the late
rebels, and we gave the right of suffrage to the
colored people. Until the latter were enabled
to protect themselves, political disabilities even
more extensive than those which now exist
rested upon the plea of eminent political ne-
cessity. 1 would be the last man to conceal
that I thought so then, and I think there was
very good reason for it.
But, sir, when the enfranchisement of the
colored people was secured ; when they had
obtained the political means to protect them-
selves, then another problem began to loom
up. It was not only to find new guarantees
for the rights of the colored people, but it was
to secure good and honest government to all.
Let us not underestimate the importance of
that problem, for in a great measure it includes
the solution of the other. Certainly nothing
could have been more calculated to remove the
prevailing discontent concerning the changes
that had taken place, and to reconcile men's
minds to the new order of things, than the
tangible proof that that new order of things
was practically working well; that it could
produce a wise and economical administration
of public alfairs, and that it would promote
general prosperity, thus healing the wounds
of the past and opening to all the prospect of
a future of material well-being and content-
ment. And, on the other baud, nothing could
have been more calculated to impede a gen-
eral, hearty, and honest acceptance of the new
order of things by the late rebel population
than just those failures of public administra-
tion which involve the people in material em-
barrassments and so seriously disturb their
comfort. In fact, good, honest, and success-
ful government in the southern States would
in its moral effects, in the long run, have ex-
erted a far more beneficial influence than
all your penal legislation, while your penal
legislation will fail in its desired elfects if we
fail in establishing in the southern States an
honest and successful administration of the
public business.
Now, what happened in the South? It is a
well-known factthatthe morcintclligentclasses
of southern society almost uniformly identified
themselves with the rebellion ; and by our sys-
tem of political disabilities just those classes
were excluded from the management of polit-
ical alfairs. That they could not be trusted
with the business of introducing into living
practice the results of the war, to establish
true free labor, and to protect the rights of the
emancipated slaves, is true; I willingly admit it.
Bat when those results and rights were consti-
tutionally secured there were other things to be
done. J ust at that period when the southern
States lay prostrated and exhausted at our feet,
when the destructive besom of war had swept
over them and left nothing but desolation and
ruin in its track, when their material interests
were to be built up again with care and fore-
sight—just then the public business demanded,
more than ordinarily, the cooperation of all the
intelligence and all the political experience that
could be mustered in the southern States. But
just then a large portion of that intelligence
and experience was excluded from the man-
agement of public affairs by political disabili-
ties, and the controlling power in those States
rested in a great measure in the hands of those
who had but recently been slaves and just
emerged from that condition, and in the hands
ef others who had sometimes honestly, some-
times by crooked means and for sinister pur-
poses, found a way to their confidence.
This was the state of things as it then existed.
Nothing could be further from my intention
than to cast a slur upon the character of the
colored people of the South. In fact, their
conduct immediately after that great event
which struck the shackles of slavery from
their limbs was above praise. Look into the
history of the world, and you will find that
almost every similar act of emancipation, the
abolition of serfdom, for instance, was uni-
formly accompanied by the atrocious outbreaks
of a revengeful spirit; by the slaughter of
nobles and their families, illumined by the
glare of their burning castles. Not So here.
While all the horrors of San Domingo had been
predicted as certain to follow upon emanci-
pation, scarcely a single act of revenge for
injuries suffered or for misery endured has
darkened the record of the emancipated bond-
men of America. And thus their example
stands unrivaled in history, and they, as well as
the whole American people, may well be proud
of it. Certainly, the southern people should
never cease to remember and appreciate it.
But while the colored people of the South
earned our admiration and gratitude, I ask you
in all candor could they be reasonably expected,
when, just after having emerged from a condi-
tion of slavery, they were invested with political
rights and privileges, to step into the political
arena as men armed with the intelligence and
experience necessary for the management of
public alfairs and for the solution of problems
made doubly intricate by the disasters which
bad desolated the southern country? Could
they reasonably be expected lo manage the
business of public administration, involving to
so great an extent the financial interests and
the material well-being of the people, and sur-
rounded by difficulties of such fearful perplex-
ity, with the wif-dom and skill required by
the exigencies of the situation? That as a
class they were ignorant and inexperienced
and lacked a just conception of public inter-
est.-!, was ceitainly not thoir fault; for those
who have studied the history of the world
know but too well that slavery and oppression
are very bad political schools. But the stub-
born fact remains that they were ignorant and
inexperienced; that the public business was
an unknown world to them, and that in spite
of the best intentions they were easily misled,
not unfiequently by the most reckless rascality
which had found a way to their confidence.
Thus their political rights and privileges were
undoubtedly well calculated, and even neces-
sary, lo protect their rights as free laborers
and citizens ; but they wore not well calculated
to secure a successful administration of other
public interests.
I do not blame the colored people for it,
slill less do I say that for this reason their
political rights and privileges should have been
denied them. Nay, sir, I deemed it necessary
then, and I now reaffirm that opinion, that they
should possess those rights and privileges for
the permanent establishment of the logical
and legitimate results of the war and the pro-
tection of their new position in society. But,
while never losing sight of this necessity, I
do say that the inevitable consequence of the
admission of so large an uneducated and inex-
peiieneed class to political power, as to the
probable mismanagement ot the material in-
terests of the social body, should at least have
been mitigated by a counterbalancing policy.
When ignorance and inexperience were ad-
mitted to so large an influence upon public
affairs, intelligence ought no longer to so large
an extent to have been excluded. In other
words, when universal suffrage was granted
to secure the equal rights of all, universal
amnesty ought to have been granted to make
all the resources of political intelligence and
experience available for the promotion of the
welfare of all.
But what did we do? To the uneducated
and inexperienced classes—uneducated and
inexperienced, I repeat, eutirely without their
fault—we opened the road to power ; and, at
the same time, we condemned a large propor-
tion of the intelligence of those States, of the
property-holding, the industrial, the piofes-
sional, the tax-paying interest, to a worse than
passive attitude. We made it, as it were, easy
for rascals who had gone South in quest of
profitable adventure to gain the control of
masses so easily misled, by permitting them to
appear as the exponents and representatives
of the national power and of our policy; and
at the same time wo branded a large number
of men of intelligence, and many of them of
personal integrity, whose material interests
were so largely involved in honest govern-
ment, and many of whom would have cooper-
ated in managing the public business with care
and foresight—we branded them, I say, as out-
casts, telling them that they ought not to be
suffered to exercise any influence upon the
management of the public business, and it
would be unwarrantable presumption in them
to attempt it.
I ask you, sir, could such things fail to con-
tribute to the results we. to-day read in the
political corruption and demoralization, and
in the financial ruin of some of the southern
States ? These results are now before us.
The mistaken policy may have been pardon-
able when these consequences were still a
matter of conjecture and speculation; but
what excuse have we now for continuing it
when those results are clear before our eyes,
beyond the reach of contradiction?
These considerations would seem to apply
more particularly to those southern States
where the colored element constitutes a very
largo proportion of the voting body. There
is another which applies to all.
When the rebellion stood in arms against us
we fought and overcame force by force. That
was right. When the results of the war were
first to be established and fixed we met the
resistance they encountered with that power
which the fortunes of war and the revolution-
ary character of the situation had placed at our
disposal. The feelings and prejudices which
then stood in our way had under such circum-
stances but little, if any, claim to our consid-
eration. But when the problem presented
itself of securing the permanency, tlic peace-
able development, and the successful working
of the new institutions we had introduced into
our political organism, we had as wise men to
take into careful calculation the moral forces
we had to deal with ; for let us not indulge in
any delusion about this: what is to be per-
manent in a republic like this must be sup-
ported by public opinion, it must rest at least
upon the willing acquiescence of a large and
firm majority of the people.
The introduction of the colored people, the
late slaves, into the body-politic as voters,
pointedly affronted the traditional prejudices
prevailing among the southern whites. What
should we care about those prejudices 1 In
war, nothing. After tho close of the wnr, in
the settlement of peace, not enough to deter
us from doing what was right and necessary ;
and yet, still enough to take them into account
when considering the manner in which right
and necessity were to be served. Statesmen
will care about popular prejudices as physi-
cians will care about the diseased condition of
their patients, which they want to ameliorate.
Would it not have been wise for us, looking
at those prejudices as a morbid condition of
the southern mind, to mitigate, to assuage, to
disarm them by prudent measures, and thus to
weaken their evil influence? We desired the
southern whites to accept in good faith uni-
versal suffrage, to recognize the politicalrights
of the colored man, and to protect him in their
exercise. Was not that our sincere desire?
But if it was, would it not have been wise to
remove as much as possible the obstacles that
stood in the way of that consummation 1 But
what did wo do? When we raised the colored
people to the rights of active citizenshipand
opened to them all the privileges of eligibility,
we excluded from those privileges a large ana
