1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2491
Mr. CARPENTER. I shall move to amend
it so that that cannot be the case.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I hope we shall
adhere to the position I have taken, and not
be cutting off the power of the Supreme Court.
It makes mistakes, but it is a very safe tri-
bunal, and 1 should be very sorry to see the
Congress of the United States declare that for
eight months in the year eight of those judges
should be debarred from discharging this im-
portant duty of granting injunctions.
Mr. CARPENTER. My honorable friend
totally misstates what I understand to be the
effect of this bill. We do not take away from
any judge of the Supreme Court the power to
grant injunctions in any causes pending in his
circuit; but my honorable friend says we do;
we deprive the people of the valuable privilege
of having their cases heard before the judge
of the Supreme Court here. We deprive the
people of one valuable privilege ; that is, of
being dragged from Milwaukee to Washington
to hear a petty injunction in a creditor's bill,
which can be heard just as well by two judges
in that State. But if there is a question im-
portant enough to induce its hearing by the
justice of the Supreme Court assigned to that
circuit, he has simply to go into his circuit,
which reaches to Illinois and Michigan, and
in either of those places he can hear it. Now,
the question is whether on a mere matter of
convenience, for we do not touch the question
of power at all, we shall put it in the power of
one party to worry another, and bring him
two thousand miles to hear an injunction when
there are two judges ready at home both com-
petent to hear the case?
Mr. THURMAN. I think this provision in
the bill, if it is carried no further than I be-
lieve it was intended, is all right enough ; but
I wish to suggest to the Senator from Wiscon-
sin whether the proviso does not need a little
amendmentin one respect? It is rather broader
perhaps than he intended it should be. It may
be construed to apply to bankrupt cases ; and
if so, would not that produce a direct conflict
with the bankrupt act, with the supervisory
power given to the judges of the Supreme
Court? Had he not better put in an exclu-
sion of bankrupt cases from the operation of
this proviso, so as to leave it to operate only
in ordinary cases of equity? Otherwise, will
it not make it almost impossible for that
supervising power to be exercised ?
Mr. CARPENTER. It may be so amended
if that is desirable.
Mr. THURMAN. I think it had better be ;
otherwise, there may be some failure of justice
in that respect.
Mr. CARPENTER. If the amendment
moved by the Senator from New Jersey should
not prevail, I shall move to amend the section
so as to make it express what was intended.
The necessity of the amendment is suggested
to me by the remarks made by the Senator
from New Jersey, that the Chief Justice might
hear an application at Washington because he
is here iu his circuit. It was not the object
of this section to give him the right to hear
applications for injunctions in causes not pend-
ing in his circuit. Two things must concur:
he must be hearing the application in a cause
pending in his circuit, and the place of hearing
must be m his circuit. That was the intention ;
and to make that clear I shall move to amend
the proviso so that it will read:
Excopt within the circuit to which he is allotted,
and in causcs pending in the circuit to which he is
allotted, or in such causes at such place outside 01
the circuit as the parties may iu writing stipulate.
Mr. THORMAN. I think we had better
perfect this proviso before the motion to strike
out is put; and, therefore, if the Senator from
Wisconsin has no objection to it, I move to
insert, after the word "order," in the ninth
line, the words ,4in cases other than bank-
rupt cases."
Mr. CARPENTER. I have no objection to
that personally.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have an objection to
it. I should like to know why they should
grant injunctions in bankruptcy any more than
in other cases?
Mr. THURMAN. I will state the only
reason, and perhaps 1 may be wrong about
that. The Senator from Illinois is aware of
the supervising power, a power that has been
very largely exercised indeed, and in the main
very beneficially exercised, given by the bank-
rupt law to the judge of the Supreme Court
over the action ot the district courts.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not aware of any
law that gives the judges of the Supreme Court
any supervising power that the judge of the
circuit court does not have.
Mr. THURMAN. If that is so, if the circuit
judge has the same supervising power, that is
an answer to what I have said.
Mr. CARPENTER. I think that is so.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I do not care about
making the amendment at all.
Mr. CARPENTER. I think that is correct.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to have a
chance to look into that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the Senator from
New Jersey piaces his amendment upon en-
tirely erroneous grounds. He seems to sup-
pose that the object of this measure is to cur-
tail the jurisdiction of the justices of the
Supreme Court, and ha pays to those judges a
very deserved compliment when he says that
they are the persons perhaps above all others
who should be trusted with the exercise of
this delicate power. But, sir, the object of
this bill is not to take power from the justices
of the Supreme Court. That is not the design
at all, nor did any one, I apprehend, who
favors this bill as it is have any distrust of the
high character of the justices of the Supreme
Court. But this is a jurisdiction that they do
not desire to possess ; it is a jurisdiction not
appertaining to their business here as justices
of the Supreme Court, but in a preliminary
proceeding in reference to the initiation of
cases all over the country.
This granting of injunctions is, as the
Senator says, a very delicate matter. I ask,
shall unscrupulous parties be permitted here
in the city of Washington to present their case
ex parte, (for applications for injunctions are
made ex parte,) and without notice to the
adverse party shall parties eome here and pre-
sent a case in reference to a matter pending,
if you please, in the mining districts of Ne-
vada or of California, a one-sided case which
prima facie would compel a justice of the
Supreme Court to grant an injunction, stated
in such a way as would compel any judicial
officer on the statement of the case to award a
preliminary injunction, and tie up a proceed-
ing two thousand miles away until the adverse
party can have notice come andhere with affi-
davits and have that preliminary injunction
dissolved ? Why, sir, the district judge in
Nevada and the circuit judge in the ninth
circuit would hesitate to set aside the prelim-
inary injunction granted by a justice of the
Supreme Court at Washington. Shall parties
be allowed to go around from one of the jus-
tices of the Supreme Court to another to obtain
injunctions ? Shall citizens of New York
apply to thejustice of the Supreme Court who
presides in California in order to obtain in-
junctions? It is not only in reference to the
justices when they are here in the city of
Washington, but tho Senator from New Jersey
insists that this bil 1 shall remain so that parties
residing in the city of New York may apply to
the judge of the Supreme Court who is in San
Francisco holding court for a preliminary in-
junction to restrain a party from doing some-
thing in the city of New York or in the State
of New Jersey.
There is no necessity for this. We have
provided district judges and_ circuit judges for
all the districts and circuits in the United
States where the causes of action arise, and
if there is a necessity for an injunction, which
is to be granted only in cases to restrain a
wrong being done until the cause can be heard
upon its merits, the application should be
made to the judges where the parties are,
where the cause of action arises; but there is
no necessity for conferring authority upon a
judge in San Francisco to grant an injunction
to operate in the State of New Jersey or the
State of Illinois. It enables parties to annoy
and place at great disadvantage defendants if
they are permitted to make these applications
at such a great distance from the residences
of the defendants and from the place where
the matter iu controversy is situated. One
essential matter in the dispensation of justice
is to bring it home to the parties in their local-
ities.
Now, sir, I trust that this proviso will not
be stricken out. The ends of justice do not
require that Mr. Justice Bradley, residing in
New Orleans or New Jersey, should act upon
the subject of granting an injunction in Chi-
cago, or Louisville, or St. Louis. If the Sen-
ator's motion prevails, that judge is liable to
be applied to by parties from those remote
districts of country. Not only that, sir, par-
ties will apply first to one justice of the Su-
preme Court, if you please, residing in the
State of Illinois, and not being able to obtain
their injunction there, they will bring their
papers to a justice residing in New York or
at some other distant point, varying their
cases a little. After they ascertain that the
justice of the Supreme Court to whom they
applied in the State of Illinois has given some
reason why the preliminary injunction ought
not to be granted, the papers will be changed
to obviate that objection, and then taken to
some other justice, perhaps. It seems to me
that it opens a door for abuse, and will be a
great inconvenience to the people, to the par-
ties who have business in courts, or may be
used—not because I distrust the justices of the
Supreme Court at all, but because parties may
take advantage, by making their own cases
and applying at a distance, of the adverse
party in the suit.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN obtained the floor.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to withdraw the amendment that I offered?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Certainly. .
Mr. THURMAN. I fiud, on looking at the
statute, that the Senator from Illinois is right,
that the supervising is vested in the circuit
judge, and I therefore withdraw the amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio withdraws the amendment offered
by him,
Mr. CARPENTER. I wish to move to
amend the proviso by way of perfecting it,
which I suppose takes precedence of the
motion to strike out. Am I right in that?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in order
to amend the proviso before the question is
taken on the motion to strike out.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend from
New Jersey allow me to offer the amendment
now?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. I move, then, to strike
out attheend of tho tenth line the word "or,"
and to insert "and in causes pending in the
circuit to which he is allotted, or in such
causes so that the proviso will read:
Provided, That no justice of the Supreme Court
shall hear or allowany application for an injunction
or restraining order, except within the circuit to
wluch lie is allotted and in causes pending in the
circuit to which he is allotted, or in such causes at
such place outside of the circuit as tho parties may
in writing stipulate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
New Jersey, to strike out the proviso as
amended.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
this is taking away from the justices of the
Supreme Court the power to grant injunctions
