1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4283
these parties before making this statement., and
their recollection is the same as my own.
I have likewise held two or three interviews
■wilh Senator Wade since then, and his recol-
lection of the expressions of the late E. M.
Stanton is equally strong as my own to-day.
Mr. Stanton said iti ihe presence of two wit-
nesses, "The country knows General Grant
to he a great warrior; I know he will prove a
great civilian."
Now, Mr. President, it strikes me in this
way : either E. M. Stanton told a deliberate
untruth, or the Senator from Massachusetts
is mistaken. The President of the United
Slates always expressed the highest opinion of
K. M. Stanton. I had occasion soon after the
inauguration of President Grant to ask him
to eonftr a certain position upon Mr. Stanton
witnout the knowledge of Mr. Stanton. Said
he, ''Mr. Stanton deserves the gratitude of
this nation and is entitled to any place he will
accept under this Government." That was the
response made to me ; and At the funeral of
the late E. M. Stanton I told the President
over the bier: "Mr, Stanton not only sacri-
ficed his life to his country, but he has sacri-
ficed his fortune and has left his family desti-
tute. To-night there is to be a gathering at
the house ot Mr. Hooper to see what means
can be taken to raise turids to place this fam-
ily out of .want." When Mr. Stauton was
appointed Secretary of War he had a practice
worth from twenty to twenty-five thousand
dollars a year, owned his bouse, free of debt,
and had some fifty or sixty thousand dollars
besides. While he was Secretary of War henot
only exhausted all his loose capital in the ex-
pense of living, but left his family in debt. I
staied this to the President at that time. Said
he, " Will you do me the favor, sir, to put my
name down for $1,000 upon that list as my
subseiiption to the Stanton fund?" I said
" Certainly, sir, I will do so;" and I did so,
and the check to pay that $1,000 passed through
my hands..
All Imugh that meeting was held at the house
of Mr Hooper, I did not know that the Sen-
ator trom Massachusetts who brings Mr. Stan-
ton upon the stand, a dead man, to testify
against, the living, was a contributor to that
fund ; but I do know that that subscription of
U. S Grant, who was not a man of wealih, of
$1 000, enabled us to raise that fund up to
over one hundred and forty thousand dollars,
which is to-day invested for the benefit of the
family of the late Edwin M. Sianton, thus
placing them out of want and in apparent
affluence.
Mr. President, the relations between the
President of the United States and the late
Secietary Stanton were of remarkable kindli-
ness. Never did I hear either express any but
the highest, esteem and regard tor the other.
I saw Mr. Stanton, as 1 saiij, almost every day,
at least very frequency and up to the lime of
his death, l'he las' interview was on the Fri-
day before his death. I called on Saturday
and 1 called on Sunday, but he was too ill to
see me, and I think the last interview he ever
had was the interview with me in the presence
ot these two living witnesses.
Air. President, i hold in my hand a letter
which carries this up to the hour of his death,
which I will ask the Clerk to read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Washington, D. C., June 3,1872.
Sib: In reply to your note I have the honor to
state that the late Hon. E. M. Stanton was so deeply
interested in the election of General Grant to the
Presidency that, against my protest, he took part in
the campaign, speaking and traveling when his
physical condition made such exeriion exceedingly
prejudicial, and that he never gave me any reason
to believe th.tt the result of that election was not
gratifying and acceptable to him, or to think that
" his opinion of or feelings toward " President Grant
had changed in any respect.
The last time that I i eraeiaber him to have spoken
to me ot the Piesidcnt, it was in the kindest teims
and Willi giatiiication at the appointment to the
Supreme Court just then tendered him.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. K. BARNES.
Mr. CHANDLER. Surgeon General B&rnes
was his attending physician at the hour of his
death. According to his testimony, from the
hour I last saw him up to the time of his death,
th.ere was no change, so far as can be known.
In another part of this speech the-President
is arraigned as a great gift-taker. Sir, Gen-
eral Grant was a gieat taker. Few men have
ever been as eminent as takers. He took
Port Donaldson with some twenty or thirty
thousand soldiers; and he took Shiloh, and
took Vicksburg, and took the Wilderness and
Murfreesborough and Appomattox and all the
rebel material of war. He with his armies
took the shackles from four million slaves.
And, sir, after he had taken the vitals out of
the rebellion he was urged by his fiiends to
accept a small donation to take himself out of
the hands of poverty, a thing that has been
done by all nations and by all grateful peoples
in all ages of the world. Sir, he is to be
arraigned as a great gift-taker because he ac-
cepted the voluntary subscriptions of a grate-
ful people!
Why,-sir, there were few men of capacity,
few men of fitness to occupy positions under
iliis Government, who did not subscribe,
gratefully, anxiously subscribe to that fund to
relieve U. S. Grant from his poverty. And yet
he is to be arraigned here as a gift-taker, as
though that was a crime.
Mr. President, there are two classes of peo-
ple ill this world, and we see specimens of
them both. We have great o-ra-iors and great
men ot' business. On this floor our o-ra-tors
have occupied the time of this session to' the
exclusion ot business, and while these o-ra-tors
have been wasting the time of this body to
the detriment ot the business of the nation,
willing to indulge in windy orations at the
expense of the Government, LI. S. Grant,
President of the United States, has hem
managing the affairs of this nation better than
they were ever managed before. While your
o-ra tors were here delivering windy words,
he was pajing the national debt faster than
these o-ra-tors could count it. While they
were o rat-ing, he was negotiating treaties
and attending to the civil service of the nation.
While they were o-rat ing upon this floor dur-
ing the war, he was winning victories in the
bloodiest part of the fight. Aud now, while
they are o-rat-ing on this floor, he is endear-
ing himself to the hearts of the whole people
of this land as no other man ever did. Stan-
ton was prophetic: be is not only great in
war, but he is greater as a civilian.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, one word.
I shall read a letter which will be answ«r
enough. Before that 1 content myself with
declaring that Mr. Stanton did say to me what
I have reported; he said it solemnly and point-
edly. That, sir, 1 affirm before this Chamber.
In saying that he never introduced the name
of Giant he doubtless meant that he did not
speak for him but for the Republican party,
and all the speeches adduced show how true
that was.
Now, sir, I read a letter that I have received
this morning:
Philadelphia, June 4, 1872.
DeaeMr. Suhnek: The late Secretary Stanton
not once merely, but several times expressed to me
substantially the same opinion ot General Grant
that he did to you, with the addition that General
Grant had been greatly overrated as a military com-
mander. As to the latter point 1 recall a tons con-
versaiion with hiui atter the fighting .at Spottsyf-
vania Court-liouse, in which he tS.) expressed more
apprehension of the results of the campaign than
I had ever known him to feel concerning any
campaign. He iclt that he could not continue to
fill up the awlul gaps made by Lee in our ranks
without a further call on the loyal States for troops,
liut I suppose you know all about that. During a
portion ot this conversation he kept Chandler cool-
ing his heels in the ante-room, in order to finish
what he had to say to ine, a mere Bohemian,
although I twice suggested that it would be indec-
orous tor nic to remain while a Senator desired an
audience. •!■***** *
Yours, very truly, HORACE WHITE.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, after
this clear and succinct statement 
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator allow me a
minute? I would be glad to have the Senator
from Massachusetts state whether that Horace
White, as the letter is dated at Philadelphia,
is not Horace White, of Chicago, aud not of
Pennsylvania.
Mr. SUMNER. Of Chicago.
Mr. CHANDLER. Editor of the Chicago
Tribune.
Mr. THURMAN. After this very clear
statement of the purpose of this little railroad
bill by the Senator from Michigan, and of the
merits of the bill, [laughter,] I ought not to
say a word more, I suppose, upon the bill, or
offer to amend it. Still, notwithstanding all
the eulogies that have been pronounced on
the bill, i think it does need a little amend-
ment. In the third section 
Mr. LEWIS. Will the Senator from Ohio
yield to me for a moment?
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator wants to
pass a bill; he will succeed in that a great
deal better if lie will let me say what I am
going to say. I move to strike out all of the
third section after the word " court," in the
fourteenth line. The part that I move to strike
out is a clause that allows the railroad com-
pany to take possession of the land before
paying for it. providing that where there is an
appeal from the verdict of the jury to the
Supreme Court by ihe land-owner the com-
pany may give a bond in double the amount of
the assessment of the jury that they will abide
the judgment of the court, aud then they may
take possession of the land. My own judg-
ment is that that is not in accordance with the
provision of the Constitution. 1 think that
the Constitution requires, and justly requires,
that the condemnation shall be complete and
the money paid or tendered before the com-
pany takes the land; and therefore I move to
strike out that portion of the third section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. I have looked through this
bill since I have been in my seat, and there are
several things about it in regard to which I
wish information. In the first place we are
reenacting several sections of the law of Mary-
land under which this company was incorpor-
ated without a knowledge of what those sec-
tions are, what powers and privileges they
confer. The first section of the bill, for in-
stance, confers upon this company " the same
powers, rights, and privileges," and makes
them "subject to the same restrictions in the
extension and construction of their said road
into and within said District, as they may ex-
ercise or are subject to under the said act of
the General Assembly of Maryland." The
same thing occurs in another portion of the
bill. That is a provision the exact, purport
and effect of which I should like to have
explained.
But there is another part of the bill in regard
to which I wish to make a motion before I get
that explanation. I am informed that the
length of this road is about twelve to sixteen
miles over territory that presents no obstacles
to the speedy completion of the road I am
in favor of as many railroads to Washington
as we can have wherever properly organized
companies can build them. The last, section
gives this company two years in which to com-
mence this road, and four years in which to
complete it. That, it seems to me, is prepos-
terous for a road only sixteen miles long.
Mr. SHERMAN. Three.
Mr. .SCOTT. Only three miles long! Then
it ought to be built in six months.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It becomes
the duty of the Chair to arrest the progress
of this bill and call up the unfinished business
of yesterdav, the fortification bill.
Mr. SAWYER. I hope the Senator from
California will yield informally to allow the
vote to be taken on this bill.
Mr. COLE. I prefer to go on with the reg-
ular order. It will take but a fewimnutes.
Mr. SAWYER. If the Senator insists upon
