3388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
May 13,
the United States had any title to the lauds what-
soever.
In many cases these alleged innocent purchasers
ha^e made extensive improvements on the lauds by
building houses, &c., thereon, making theso plaoos
their homes.
I refer to this as an additional reason for some
immediate action in relation to these lands whereby
further complications and difficulties in obtaining
possession may be avoided. .
In South Carolina there was a largo quantity of
land bought in bythe United States which has been
resold nnder what is known as "Army and Navy,
"head of family," and school-fund sales. Under
the Army and Navy sales, one fourth was paid
down, and the remainder was to be paid m three
years. About one hundred and sixty thousand dol-
lars of these deferred payments remain unsatisfied,
and the time has expired when the whole amount
should have been paid. tSee section eleven, act of
Congress approved Juno 7, l$p2.)
President Lineal u, in his instructions to the South
Cnrolina commissioners, dated September 16.1S63 
directed that in case the purchaser failed to nay the
residue within tho limited time.it was luwrul for
the said commissioners to enter upon these lands
and sell tho same for tho payment of the purchaso-
monoydue tho United States, returning tho over-
plus, if any, to tho purchaser, his heirs or assigns.
Theso instructions are specified in the certificates
of sale issued to this class of purchasers.
The commissioners did not sell those lauds at tho
expiration of the limited time, nor have they or
their successors dono so since.
Somo of theso purchasers have tendered the re-
maining three fourths duo sinoo tho expiration of
tho three years, and it has been received by the
commissioners.
Theso lands upon which the three fourths has not
been paid are now in possession of tho United
States, and are bring rented under the direction ot
a collector ot internal revenuo. The purchasers are
cow in doubt as to whether they are ssife in paying
tho remainder due, and are waiting somo action by
which they may be assured of the validity ot their
title if they pay tho i ematnder due.
Theso lands aro located in tho town of Beaufort,
South Carolina, including a largo part of that town,
and upon the islands adjacent thereto, comprising
some of tho most prominent places in that section
of the country. , . _
From a knowledge of the depressing influences
and paralysing effects upon tho prosperity ot this*
section of the country, occasioned by the unsettled
titles to so large an amount of lands, I deem a sp e~
cial notico in this connection justifiable, and early
notion on tho part ofCcmgres*, by which these titles
shall be settled beyond reasonable doubt and con-
troversy, important. # i
l^iom tho statements herein set lorth, it will bo
seen that the amount of taxes apportioned by act
of Congress, approved August 5, 1861, remaining
uncollected, is S3,480,081 51?, of which S2.Ciil.i82 02
remains charged against the several tracts or lots <>t >
land in tho oloven late insurrectionaiy States, upon
which the taxes which were assessed and charged
have not been paid; and that there is authority
vested in the President and Secretary of the Treas-
ury for completing tho collections.
Also, that there i* quite an amount of lands
owned by' the United State*, under the provisions
of the United States direct-tax acts, which it is im-
portant Congress should take early action in rela-
tion to; and about one hundred and fifty thousand
dollars due on deferred payments in South Carolina,
which I am ot the opinion should be collected sit an
early date, or the lands upon which these three
fourths payments, are due resold in pursuance with
the conditions of sale set forth in the Presidents
instructions and tho certificates of sale herein re-
ferred to.
The SPEAKER. The reason the Chair
made the suggestion was that there are several
gentlemen pressing for the floor, and this bill
may take a long time to dispose of it.
Mr. DA.WES. I want to say in addition to
what has fallen from the gentleman from Indi-
ana, that the bill has been prepared with great
care, and it came down in all its essentials
originally from the Senate. It is a peace meas-
ure which everybody desires to have adopted,
and is so guarded it can trench on no right.
Mr. HALE. Allow me to suggest that this
substitute be ordered to be printed, and then
recommitted to the committee, so that we can
go on with other matters essential to the trans-
action of the business of the House, and not
have the time taken up which will be occupied
by the reading of this bill. The Committee
of Ways and Means is privileged to report at
any time.
The SPEAKER. The committee is not
privileged to report such a bill as this at any
time. But the gentleman can ask to have it
printed and recommitted, and then can enter
a motion to reconsider, if no objection is made,
which motion can be called up at any time.
Mr. KERR. Very well; I will ask consent
that that order may be made.
No objection was made, and accordingly
the substitute was ordered to be printed, the
bill and substitute recommitted to the Com-
mittee of Ways aud Means, and a motiou to
reconsider entered upon the Journal.
CIRCUIT COURTS IN MISSOURI.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I move that the
rules be so suspended that I may report from
the Committee on the Judiciary and have
passed at this time House bill No. 1982, to
provide for holding a circuit court of the
United States in and for the western district
of Missouri. A
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that a circuit court of the United States
in and for the western district of Missouri,
shall hereafter be held at the city of Jefferson,
at the place of holding the district court of
the United States for the said western district
of Missouri on the third Mondays of April and
November in every year.
The second section provides that the said
circuit court of the United States in and for
the western district of Missouri shall in all
things have and retain jurisdiction of all mat-
ters arising therein ; that a circuit court of the
United States in and for the eastern district
of Missouri shall be held at the same time and
place (at the city of St. Louis) as now pro-
vided by law for holding the circuit court of the
United States in and for both the districts of
Missouri; that the said circuit court of the
United States in and for the eastern district
of Missouri shall in all things have and retain
jurisdiction of all matters arising therein ;
and that the said circuit courts of Uie United
States hereby established in and for the east-
ern and western districts of Missouri shall
respectively have and exercise the same ori-
ginal jurisdiction in the said districts, respect-
ively, as is vested in the several circuit courts
of the United States as organized under ex-
isting laws, and shall also respectively have
and exercise the same appellate jurisdiction
over the district courts of the United States
for said eastern and western districts, respect-
ively, as by existing laws is vested in the said
several circuit courtsof the United Statesover
the district couta of the United States in their
respective circuits; that said circuit courts
shall be called, respectively, the circuit court
of the United States in and for the western dis-
trict of Missouri, and the circuit court of the
United States in and forthe eastern district of
Missouri, and shall be composed, respectively,
of the justice of the Supreme Court, of the United
States allotted to the eighth judicial circuit, the
judge of the eighth judicial circuit, and ihejudge
of the district court for the western district of
Missouri, in the said western district; and of
the said two first-named judges, and the judge
of the district court for the eastern district of
Missouri, in the said eastern district; but. may
be held by any one of said three judges in the
absence of the remainder. The clerk of the
circuit court for the present districts of Mis-
souri shall remain the cleric of the circuit
court of the United States in and for the east-
ern district of Missouri; and the district attor-
ney and marshal for said eastern district of
Missouri shall act as such district attorney
and marshal in said circuit court in and for
the eastern district of Missouri, as now pro-
vided bylaw; that the circuit court in and
for the western district of Missouri shall ap-
point a clerk of said court, who shall keep
his office in the city of Jefferson aforesaid,
perform its duties, and receive its fees and
emoluments, subject and in conformity to
existing laws regulating the duties, fees, and
emoluments of other clerks of circuit courts
of the United States; and that the district
attorney and marshal for said western district
of Missouri shall act as such district attorney
and marshal in said circuit court in and for
the western district of Missouri.
The third section provides that tho United
States circuit court for said eastern and west-
em districts of Missouri shall have power at
any time to order adjournod terms of said
circuit courts, respectively, at which adjourned
terms any business may be transacted which
could be transacted at any regular terms
thereof; that a copy of said order, in the
eastern district of Missouri, shall bo posted
on the door ofthe court-room, and advertised in
some newspaper printed in thecityofSt. Louis ;
and that a copy of said order, in the western
district of Missouri, shall be posted on the
court-room door, and advertised in some news-
paper printed in the city of Jefferson, twenty
days at. least before said adjourned terms shall
be holden.
The question was taken; and (two thirds
voting in favor thereof) the rules were sus-
pended, and the bill was passed.
MINKS AND MINING.
Mr. WALDRON. I move that the rules
be suspended, so as to assign Wednesday
evening of next week for the exclusive con-
sideration of business reported from the Com-
mittee on Mines and Mining.
Mr. DAWES. I wish the gentleman would
wait for a day or two before he asks for that
order.
Mr. WALDRON. If T do not get it now I
will have to wait until next Monday.
Mr. DAWES. That will be before Wed-
nesday.
Mr. WALDRON. I prefer the order now,
if I can get it.
The question was taken; and (two thirds
voting in favor thereof) the rules were sus-
pended, and tho order was made accordingly.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION MIX.
Mr. HALE. I move that the ruleq be so
suspended as to order that when the amend-
ments of the Senate to House bill No. 1191,
making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending June 30, 1878, and for
other purposes, are reported from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations and come np for
consideration, they shall be considered in the
House as in Committee of the Whole under
the five-minutes rule.
The question was taken ; and (two thirds
voting m favor thereof) the rules were sus-
pended, and the order was made accordingly.
DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATION HILL.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unan-
imous consent to have a similar order made
in regard to the Senate amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 1323) making appropriations
forthe consular and diplomatic service of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1873,
and for other purposes.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PALMER. I ask unanimous consent
to have a similar order made in regard to the
Senate amendments to the bill (II. It. No. 1070)
making appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department for the year ending
June 30, 3873.
No objection was made ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
PUBLIC BUILDING AT MEMPHIS.
Mr. SESSIONS. I move that the rules be
so suspended that I may report from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, and
have passed at this tune, a bill to provide a
building suited to the use of the custom-house,
post office, the pension and revenue officers,
and the judicial officers of the United States,
in the city of Memphis, Tennessee.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to cause to be constructed
a suitable building, (ire proof, at Memphis,
Tennessee, for the accommodation of thecus-
tom-house, post office, United States circuit
and district courts, pension and internal rev-
enue officers ; and that for this purpose there
shall be appropriated, out of any money in the
