TOO
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
influential class of whites; in other words, we
lifted the late slave, uneducated and inexpe-
rienced ashe was—I repeat, without his faiilt—
not merely to the level of the late masterclass,
hut even above it. We asked cert&'m white
men to recognize the colored man in a political
status not only as high but even higher than
their own. We might say that under the cir-
cumstances we had a perfect right to do that,
and I will not dispute it; but X ask you most
earnestly, sir, was it wise to do it? If you
desired the white man to accept and recognize
the political equality of the black, was it wise
to imbitter and to exasperate his spirit with
the stinging stigma of his own inferiority?
Was itwise to withhold from him privileges in
the enjoyment of which he was to protect the
late slave? This was not assuaging, disarm-
ing prejudice; this was rather inciting, it was
exasperating it. American statesmen will
understand and appreciate human nature as
it has developed itself under the influence of
free institutions. We know that if we want
any class of people to overcome their preju-
dices in respecting the political rights ana priv-
ileges of any other class, the very first thing
we have to do is to accord the same rights and
privileges to them. No American was ever
inclined to recognize in others public rights
and privileges from which he himself was
excluded j and for aught I know, in this very
feeling, although it may take an objectionable
form, we find one'of the safeguards of popular
liberty.
You tell me that the late rebels had deserved
all this in the way of punishment. Granting
that, I beg leave to suggest that this is not the
question. The question is, what were the means
best calculated to overcome the difficulties
standing in the way of a willing and universal
recognition of the new rights and privileges of
the emancipated class 7 What were the means
to overcome the hostile influences impeding the
development of the harmony of society in its
new order? I am far from asserting that had
no disabilities existed, universal suffrage would
have beeu received by the southern whites with
universal favor. No, sir, most probably it
would not; but I do assert that the existence
of disabilities, which put so large and influ-
ential a class of whites in point of political
privileges below the colored people, could not
fail to inflame those prejudices which stood
in the way of a general aud honest acceptance
of the new order of things; they increased
instead of diminishing the dangers and diffi-
culties surrounding the emancipated
and uobody felt that more keenly than the
colored people of the South themselves. To
their honor be it said, followinga just instinct,
they were among the very first, not only in the
South but all over the country, in entreating
Congress to remove those odious discrimina-
tions which put in jeopardy their own rights
by making them greater than those of others.
From the colored people themselves, it seems,
we have in this respect received a lesson in
statesmanship.
Well, then, what policy does common sense
suggest to us now? If we sincerely desire to
give to the southern States good and honest
government, material prosperity, and meas-
urable contentment, as far at least as we can
contribute to that end ; if we really desire to
weaken and disarm those prejudices and re-
sentments which still disturb the harmony of
society, will it not be wise, will it not be neces-
sary^ will it not be our duty to show that we
are in no sense the allies and abettors of those
who use their political power to plunder their
fellow-citizens, and that we do not mean to
keep one class of people in unnecessary degra-
dation by withholding from them rights and
privileges which all others enjoy 1 Seeing the
mischief which the system of disabilities is
accomplishing, is it not time that there should
be at least an end of it; or is there any good
it can possibly do to make up_ for the harm it
has already wrought and is still working?
Look at it. Do these disabilities serve in
any way to protect anybody in his rights or
in his liberty or in his property or in his life?
Does the fact that some men are excluded
from office, in any sense or measure, make
others more secure in their lives or in their
property or in their rights? Can anybody
tell me how? Or do they, perhaps, prevent
even those who are excluded from official
position from doing mischief if they are mis-
chievously inclined? Does the exclusion from
office, does any feature of your system of
political disabilities, take the revolver or the
bowie-knife or the scourge from the hands of
any one who wishes to use it? Does it destroy
the influence of the more intelligent upon
society, if they mean to use that influence for
mischievous purposes?
We hear the Ku Klux outrages spoken of as
a reason why political disabilities should not
be removed. Did not these very same Ku
Klux outrages happen while disabilities were
in existence? Is it not clear, then, that the
existence of political disabilities did not pre-
vent them? No, sir, if political disabilities
have any practical effect it is, while not in any
degree diminishing the power of the evil-dis-
posed for mischief, to incite and sharpen their
mischievous inclination by increasing their
discontent with the condition they live in.
It must be clear to every impartial observer
that were ever so many of those who are now
disqualified, put in office, they never could do
with their official power as much mischief as
the mere fact of the existence of the system of
political disabilities with its inevitable conse-
quences is doing to-day. The scandals of mis-
government in the South which we complain
of I admit were not the first and original
cause of the Ku Klux outrages. But every
candid observer will also havo to admit that
they did serve to keep the Ku Klux spirit alive.
Without such incitement it might gradually
by this time, to a great extent at least, have
spent itself. And now if the scandals of mis-
government were, partly at least, owing to
the exclusion of so large a portion of the intel-
ligence and experience of the South from the
active management of affairs, must it not be
clear that a measure which will tend to remedy
this evil may also tend to reduce the causes
which still disturb the peace and harmony of
society?
We accuse the southern whites of having
missed their chance of gaining the confidence
of the emancipated class when, by a fairly
demonstrated purpose of recognizing and pro-
tecting them in their rights, they might have
acquired upon them a salutary influence. That
accusation is by no means unjust; but must we
not admit, also; that by excluding them from
their political rights and privileges we put the
damper of most serious discouragement upon
.the good intentions which might have grown up
among them? Let us place ourselves in their
situation, and then I ask you how many of us
would, under the same circumstances, have
risen above the ordinary impulses of human
nature to exert a salutary influence in defiance
of our own prejudices, being so pointedly told
every day that it was not the business of those
laboring under political disabilities to meddle
with public affairs at all. And thus, in what-
ever direction you may turn your eyes, you
look in vain for any practical good your polit-
ical disabilities might possibly accomplish.
You find nothing, absolutely nothing, in their
practical effects but the aggravation of evils
already existing, and the prevention of a salu-
tary development.
Is it not the part of wise men, sir, to
acknowledge the failure of a policy like this
in order to remedy it, especially since every
candid mind must recognize that by continu-
ing the mistake, absolutely no practical good
can be subserved ?
But I am told that the system of disabilities
must be maintained for a certain moral effect.
The Senator-from Indiana [Mr. Morton]
took great pains to inform us that it is abso-
lutely necessary to exclude somebodj from
office in order to demonstrate our disappro-
bation of the crime of rebellion. Metbinks
that the American people have signified their
disapprobation of the crime of rebellion in a
far more pointed manner. They sent against
the rebellion a million armed men. We fought
and conquered the armies of the rebels; we
carried desolation into their land : we swept
out of existence that system of slavery which
was the soul of their offense and was to be the
comer-stone of their new empire. If that was
not signifying our disapprobation of the crime
of rebellion, then I humbly submit that your
system of political disabilities, only excluding
some persons from office, will scarcely do it.
I remember, also, to have heard the argu-
ment that under all circumstances the law
must be vindicated. What law in this case?
If any law is meant, it must be the law im-
posing the penalty of death upon the crime
of treason. Well, if at the close of the war
we had assumed the stern and bloody virtue
of the ancient Roman, and had proclaimed
that he who raises his hand against this
Republic must surely die, then we might have
claimed for ourselves at least the merit of
logical consistency. We might have thought
that by erecting a row of gallows stretching
from the Potomac to the Rio Grande, and by
making a terrible example of all those who
had proved faithless to their allegiance, we
would strike terror into the hearts of this and
coming generations, to make them tremble at
the mere thought of treasonable undertakings.
That we might have done. Why did we not?
Because the American people instinctively
recoiled from the idea; because every wise
man remembered that where insurrections
are punished and avenged with the bloodiest
hands, there insurrections do most frequently
occuj; witness France and Spain and the
southern part of this hemisphere; that there
is a fascination for bloody reckonings which
allures instead of repelling—a fascination
like that of the serpent's eye, which irre-
sistibly draws on its victim. Ihe American
people recoiled from it. because they felt and
knew that the civilization of the nineteenth
century has for such evils a better medicine
than blood.
Thus, sir, the penalty of treason as provid-
ed for by law remained a dead' letter on the
statute-book, and we instinclively adopted a
generous policy, and we added fresh luster to
the glory of the American name by doing so.
And now you would speak of vindicating the
law against treason, which demands death, by
merely excluding a number of persons from
eligibility to office! Do you not see that, as a
vindication of the law against treason, as an
act of punishment, the system of disabilities
sinks down to the level of a ridiculous mock-
ery? If you want your system of disabilities
to appear at all in a respectable light, then, in
the name of common sense, do not call it a
punishment for treason. Standing there, as it
does, stripped of all the justification it once
derived from political necessity, it would appear
only as the evidence of an impotent desire to
be severe without the courage to carry it out.
But, having once adopted the policy of gen-
erosity, the only question for us is how to
make that policy most fruitful. The answer
is we shall make the policy of generosity most
fruitful by making it most complete.
The Senator from Connecticut, [ilr. Buck-
ingham,] whom I am so unfortunate as not to
see in his seat to-day, when he opened the
debate, endeavored to fortify his theory by an
illustration borrowed from the Old Testament,
and I am willing to take that illustration off
his hands. He asked, if Absalom bad lived
after his treason, and had been excluded from
his father's table, would he have had a just
reason to complain of an unjust deprivation of
rights? It seems to me that story of Absalom
contains a most excellent lesson, which the
