1596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
this is what the Secretary of State would re-
quire. I do not know whether he quoted him
right or not. I have no access to his Depart-
ment at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT, (after examining
the letter of the Secretary of State.) The
Chair thinks this ia an amendment "in pur-
suance of an estimate from the head of some
of the Departments." The Chair thinks this is
an estimate by a Department. The chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations has sent
up a letter addressed to him officially as the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
by the Secretary of State, which states:
■ 41 The bill making appropriations for the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending Judo 30, 1873, now
before your committee, appropriates (lines three
hundred and seventeen and three hundred and
eighteen) "for publishing the laws in pamphlet
form, $12,000." It makes no appropriation for pub-
lishing the laws in the newspapers. Existing stat-
utes require the publication in not less than two
newspapers (to be designated by the Clerk of the
House of Representatives) in each State and Terri-
tory of all treaties and laws of a general nature.
This publication is directed to be made without
delay, ami the laws are forwarded to the newspapers
for immediate publication after their enactment.
"It is undertsood that the Committee of Appro-
priates of the House of Bepresentatives omitted
making the appropriations estimated for tho public-
ation in the newspapers with the intention of rec-
ommending the repeal of the present laws requir-
ing such publication. Of tho policy of such repeal
Congress is the judge, and I abstain from the ex-
pression of an opinion. But until they be repealed
the newspapor publications must continue. I there-
fore respectfully suggest that the bill now before
yourcommitteebe amended by insertingin line three
hundred andsevontoen, instead otthe word 'twelve,'
the words 'and in the newspapers seventy-two.' "
This, therefore, makes this amendment in
order under tw,o branches of the thirtieth
rule:
"No amendment proposing additional appropri-
ations shall lie received to any general appropriation
bill, unfess it bo made to carry out the provisions of
some existing law"—
It appears from this letter that this is to
carry out the provisions of some existing law
not yet repealed—
"or moved by direction of a standing or select com-
mittee of thoSonato"—
It is not moved in that way now—
"or in pursuance of an estimato from tho head of
some of tho Departments."
The Chair thinks the amendment is in order
under two branches of the thirtieth rule. Does
the Senator from Illinois move to lay it on the
table ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; with the view
of testing the question in a full Senate I move
to lay the amendment on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
not debatable.
Mr. CORBETT. I believe I have the floor.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
informed that the Senator from Illinois had
withdrawn the motion, and the Senator from
Oregon is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to state that the
papers engaged in this work were designated
at the commencement of this Congress for the
Congress; that is, for two years. Therefore,
an appropriation must be made for that pur-
pose, otherwise we shall be left with a defi-
ciency. The only proper way to repeal this
law would be to repeal it to take effect two
years from the 4th of March, 1871. If we lay
this amendment, on the table, the result will
be that we are indebted at all events for the
publication of the laws for these two years. I
think, therefore, the Senator will see the im-
portance of letting the appropriation be made
for this session of Congress. The only proper
•way is to repeal the law from the 4th of March,
1873.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) Does the Chair
understand the Senator from Illinois to move
to lay the amendment on the table ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will withdraw that
motion and change it so as to get a direct vote
of the Senate. I will move to amend this
amendment by striking out all after the first
word and inserting in lieu thereof—
AH laws authorizing the publication of the laws
in the newspapers of tho country be, and the same
are hereby, repealed from and after the 4th day of
July next.
Mr. POMEROY. That is the question that
has just been laid on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; "the 4th day of
July next" is different.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The pending question
now is on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois, I believe. I only rise before the vote
is taken to correct the statement of the Sena-
tor from Oregon, who spoke unadvisedly, I
think 
Mr. CORBETT. I m.ide the statement from
a conversation I had tfith the Clerk of the
House. I desired to know whether the desig
uation of a paper could be changed, and I
understood him to say that it had been desig-
nated for the Congress, and therefore could not
be changed. I regarded it in the nature of a
contract.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir. I speak from
the statute, (which ia perhaps of a little higher
authority than the Clerk of the House of
Representatives,) which does not make any
such provision at all 
Mr. KELLOGG. If the Senator from Ver-
mont will allow me, I also inquired of the
Clerk of the House on this subject, and 1 un-
derstood him to say that, he had thought lie
had no disci etion in the matter ; that he under-
stood the Secretary of State regarded it as an
implied contract, and therefore it ran through
the session; but he would be very glad if in
some cases brought to his attention he could
reconsider designations made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I have
here the statute on the subject of designations
by the Clerk of the House of Representatives,
passed in 1867. It was then passed for the
rebel States, and has since been extended
without changing the phraseology. If the
Senate wishes to take the time 1 will go to all
the extensions; but this is the organic act, if I
may use such a term, which reads as follows:
"That it shall be the duty of the Clerk of the
House of Representatives to select in Virginia,
South Carolina, North Carolina, Georgia, Florida,
Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Texas, and Ark-
ansas, one or more newspapers, not exceeding the
number now allowed by law, in which such treaties
and laws of the United States as ma.ybe ordered for
publication in newspapers according to law shall
bo published, and in some one or more of which so
selected all such advertisements as may be ordered
for publication in said districts, by any United
States court or judge thereof, or by any officer of
such courts, or by any executive officer of the Uni-
ted States, shall be published, the compensation for
which, and other terms of publication, shall be
fixed by said Clerk at a rate not exceeding two dol-
lars per page for the publication of treaties and
laws, and not exceeding one dollar per square of
eight lines of space for tho publication ot adver-
tisements," &c.
Mr. MORTON. I call the attention of the
Senator to the fact that that was simply an
amendment of the law, changing the person
who had the right to select the newspapers. I
presume the other law fixes th6 time for which
they were to publish them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does the honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana mean to say that he believes
that the law preceding this, when this discre-
tion was vested in the Secretary of State,
required the Secretary of State to designate
them for a Congress?
Mr. MORTON. No, sir; I mean to say that
that is 'an amendment to a preexisting law,
and it does not show what the other law was.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, then, I will take
up the time of the Senate in showing, if the
honorable Senator makes that point, what the
other law was. But no matter what the other
law was, we have here a specific and distinct
provision which declares how this selection
shall be made, and it has no such requirement as
that intimated, that the selection shall be made
for a Congress or for a session, or for a day.
It is left to the discretion of the Clerk of the
House of Representatives, and it was intended
to be lel'L to his discretion, to change the pub-
lication—the patronage, if you please—as often
as he thought fit.
It was my fortune (and it is rather a bad
fortune, I confess) to have been one of the
committee of conference in the year 1867 on
that very bill. The House of Representatives
had this provision inserted for the publica-
tion of the laws in the rebel States in this
way, in substance, and the Senate disagreed
to it. There were two or three other points
of disagreement between the two Houses of
great consequence. I do not now remember
what they were; but they were amendments
that the Senate had made that affected the
public interest largely. The House had dis-
agreed to them all. In that conference this
subject was discussed, and the thing was left
as to this point in the way I have named, by
the Senate conferees giving up this discretion,
which it was claimed ought to be left to the
Clerk of the House instead of the Secretary
of State, for the reason of the peculiar con-
dition of political affairs between the Admin-
istration and Congress at that time, and as a
compensation (because that is the real name
of it) to the Senate for giving up this against
our judgment we saved the other two or three
provisions of great importance, that I do not
now remember, to the bill, although we yielded
this against, our judgment.
Therefore, I happen to know personally that
the ground upon which this language was em-
ployed was to give the Clerk of the House of
Representatives who was in favor of liberal
reconstruction, in favor of having the socie-
ties down there built up under liberal auspices,
the opportunity to select his papers according
to the way they behaved as to loyalty. I do
not say as to party, but as to loyalty and
fidelity to the Government., from day to day,
if necessary, in order that they should not be
made the vehicle and built up as the power
that should oppose the Government.
Now, then, if the honorable Senator from
Indiana doubts what is the true construction
of this section—I only speak of it as a matter
of law and construction; I am not saying a
word about its policy now—I will go back and
show him that there never was a law which
required the Secretary of State to designate
newspapers for this purpose for any specific
length of time. The Secretary of State could
change under the old law as often as he thought
fit to change, according to the exigencies of
the public service, or, as it might be at times,
according to the exigencies of party advan-
tage.
Mr. MORTON. I have not read the law
myself, but the letter here from the Secretary
of State speaks of the selection as a contract,
and I understand that the question of changing
the selection was once referred to the Attorney
General, and he decided it could not be done
for a period. I have not seen that opinion; I
have only heard of it
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend has any
doubt that the meaning of the law is not what
I have said, I will look up that law and see
what it is. Let me reply to my friend's in-
quiry as to a contract. The Secretary of State
declares that he considers this to be for the
time being an implied contract; that is to say,
if a designation is made for publication this
session, if you please, and a printer goes on
and gets ready, as my friend once said and
with a good deal of force, I was inclined to
yield and to-carry out what might be said to be
the fair implication, not to stop off the work
he might legally do, but still to do the fair and
proper thing. What he means by an implied
contract is that.the selection being made and
the printer being ready, we ought not to stop
the publication instantly, but let him publish
those laws we are about to enact, if we ever
get far enough to enact any at all.
Mr. CORBETT. Let me ask the Senator
