1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL 4mm.
8389
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of $200,000, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, who
shall cause proper plans and estimates to be
made, which shall be approved by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, Postmaster General, and
Attorney General ; provided that no money
hereby appropriated shall be used or applied
for the purpose until a valid title to the land
for the site of such building shall be vested in
the United States, and until the State of Ten-
nessee §hall also duly release and relinquish
to the United States the right to tax, or in any
way assess, said site, or the property of the
United States that may be thereon, during the
time that the United States shall be or remain
the owner thereof.
The question was taken upon Suspending
the rules; and upon a division there were—
ayes 104, noes 22.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. FARNSWORTH said: Here is a bill
appropriating §200,000 without any limitation
■whatever upon the building. I call for the
yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays, and there were eleven in the
affirmative.
So (the affirmative not having one fifth of
the last vote) the yeas and nays were not or-
dered.
Accordingly (two thirds voting in favor
thereof) the rules were suspended and the bill
(H. R. No. 2763) was passed.
hospital in san francisco.
Mr. WELLS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, so that I can report from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, and
have passed at this time, with amendments,
House bill No. 2764, making an appropriation
for the erection of a marine hospital at San
Francisco.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I thought it
was understood that the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds should only report in
favor oi erecting buildings without reporting
any appropriations. It was so understood
between that committee and the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. SARGENT. That applied simply to
the regular report of the committee.
Mr. WELLS. This building is very much
needed, and the amount proposed to be appro-
priated is but small.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Oh, yes ; it is
a very little baby.
Mr. SARGENT. The patients whom this
hospital is designed to accommodate are now
Jet out on contract to a regular "Dothe-boys
Hall," a regular Squeers' institution, a dis-
grace to the country. The Treasury Depart-
ment year after year has been calling for the
erection of a wooden hospital on Angel Island,
in order to rescue these patients (who pay
their own expenses) from the misery and hard-
ship of their situation. The appropriation
for this purpose has been recommended in
two annual reports of the Secretary of the
Treasu'ry. He has specially pointed out, the
absolute necessity of erecting a hospital at
that place. It is to be only a wooden hos-
pital, and the cost will be but small. It is in
the interest of humanity that the appropria-
tion should be made; and I hope there will
be no objection to it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I did not hear
in the first instance where this building was
to be located, and of course I had no hostility
to it on local grounds ; but I do not think we
ought to adopt this method.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I object to
debate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would like to
know how many more bills for public build-
ings are to be presented in the wake of this.
I know that my friend from Michigan [Mr.
Conger] has one, and I would like to know
how many more there are.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I move that the
House adjourn.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
House take a recess till half past seven o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The motion to take a
recess is not in order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why not?
The SPEAKER. Because a motion to sus-
pend the rules is pending.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then let usadjourn.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Speeb, of Georgia, that the House adjourn,
there were—ayes 55, noes 68.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for the yeas
and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must state to
the House that last week, by the adoption of
a motion to adjourn under circumstances sim-
ilar to the present, the Pension Committee, for
whose business an evening session had been
assigned, were deprived of that session. The
adoption of this motion to adjourn would re-
peat the same thing with reference to the
session which has been ordered this evening
for the business of that committee.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the Chair will
entertain a motion for a recess, we will adopt
that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be
very glad to entertain that motion; but the
rules provide that pending a motion to sus
pend the rules but one other motion shall be
in order, and that is to adjourn. There is no
doubt about the motion to adjourn being in
order, but as the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Moore] is not now in his seat, the Chair
thought it proper to make this explanation.
Mr. COX. Is it in order for the Chair to
debate this question? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. No; butit is in order for
the Chair to be heard first on questions of order,
and the gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox]
next. [Laughter.]
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I withdraw my
motion to adjourn, and move that the House
take a recess.
Mr. SARGENT. That motion is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be glad
to entertain a motion for a recess, but it is out
of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then it will be
utterly impossible for the House to take a
recess so long as anybody moves to suspend
the rules. I submit that a motion to take a
recess is equivalent, according to the spirit of
the rule, to a motion to adjourn. A recess is,
in fact, an adjournment for a time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair apprehends
not. Motions to suspend the rules will be in
order at any time during to-day. But the
House can adjourn ; there is nothing to pre-
vent its doing so if so disposed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then Ictus adjourn.
Mr. WILLARD. If the House should now
adopt a motion to adjourn, would it not be
obliged to meet at half past seven o'clock this
evening?
The SPEAKER. It would not. If the
House should adopt a motion to adjourn, it
will meet to-morrow at eleven o'clock. But
the motion to adjourn has been withdrawn.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I renew it. I would
not insist upon the motion if the regular busi-
ness of the House could be proceeded with.
Mr. SARGENT. I object to debate. We
are proceeding with regular business.
The question being taken on the motion to
adjourn, there were—ayes 44, noes 79.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 39, nays 130, not voting
71; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams. Ambler, Archer, Barber,
Beatry, Bock, Austin Blair, Braxton, James Brooks,
Campbell, Oommgo, Criteher, Crossland, Eldredgi.,
Farnsworth, Henry D. Foster, Mambleton, lla"ks,
Hereford, if oar, Holman, Kendall, Lewis, Marshall,
MeCrary, McSTeely, Merrick, Aaron F. Perry, Read,
John M. Rice, Scofield, H. Boardman Smith, R.
Milton Speer, Thomas J. Speer, Storm, Swann,
Waldron, Williams of New York, and Winohes-
ter~~39.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Arthur, Avorill, Banks,
Bell, Beveridge. Bigby, Bingham, Bird, James G.
Blair, Bright, Bucliley, Buffinton, Burch&rd, Bur-
dett, Benjamin F.Butler, Caldwell, Cobb, Coburn,
Coghlan, Conger, Cotton, Crebs, Crocker, Davis,
Donnan, Dox. Du Bose, Dueil, Dunnelt, Earaes,
Fin kelnburg, Charles Bister, Wilder 1). Foster, Frye,
Garfield, Geta, Goliaday, Goodrich, Griffith, Hale,
Hancock, llandiey, llarmer, Harper, John T. Harris,
Havens, Hawley, Hay, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton,
Herndon, Hibbard, Hill, Houghton, Kolley, Kerr,
Keteluna, ICillinger, Lamison, Lamport, Lansing,
Leaoh, Lowe, MoOlcllnnd, McCormick, McGrew,
Molntyre, McJunlun, MoKee, McKinney, Merriam,
Benjamin J?. Meyers, Monroe, Moore, Moiphis,
Leonard Myers. Negley, Orr, Packard, Packer,
Palmer, Hosea W. Parker, Isaac 0. Parker, Peck,
Pendleton, Puree. Eli Perry, Peters, Price, Prindle,
Rainey, Edward Y. ltioo, Ellis II. Roberts, William
It. Roberts, Rogers, Roosevolt, Rusk, Sargent, Saw-
yer, Seeley. Sessions, Sheldon, Sherwood, Shober,
Shoemaker. Slater, John A. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith. Starkweather, Strong, St. John, Taffe, Terry,
Washington Townsend, Turner, Twichell, Tynor,
Vaughan, Waddoll, Wakomau, Walden, Warren,
Wells, Whiteley, Whitthorno, Willard, Williams of
Indiana, John T. Wilson, and Young—130.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Barnuin, Barry,
Biggs, Boles, George M. Brooks, Roderiok It. But-
ler, Carroll, Clarke, Connor, Cox, Creely. Darrall,
Dawes, De Laigo, Dickey, Duke, Elliott, I2ly, Par-
well, Forker, Gairett, Giddings, Haldeuian, Halsey,
George 13. Harris, John W. Hazelton. Hooper, Kel-
logg, King, Kinsolla, Lynch, Manson, Maynard,
MolIenryr'Morcur, Mitchell, Morey, Morgan, Nib-
lack. Piatt, Poland, Porter, Potter, Randall,Ritchie,
ltobinson, Shanks, Shellabarger, Slocum, Slops,
Snap}), Snydor, SPrague,Stevens, Stevenson, Stougli-
ton, Stowell, Sutherland, Sypher, Thomas. Dwight
Townsend. Tuthill. Upson. Van Trump. Voorhees,
Wallace, Walls, Wheeler, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and
Wood—71.
So tho House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER,. The Chair asks the fol-
lowing two rules to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Pending a motion to suspend the rules, the
Speaker may entertain one motion that tile House
do now adjouui; but after the result thereon is an-
nounced, he shall not entertain any other dilatory
motion till the vote is taken on suspension.
" Ponding a motion to suspend the rules so as to
take an immediate vote on a proposition, a motion
for a recess is not in order.—Journal, 2, 39, pages 572,
573. [This decision ot tho Speaker was sustained on
appeal by the very decisive vote, by yeas and nays,
of yeas 173, nays 4; and would seem to have settled
the question that pending a similar motion, dilatory
motions, Mich as had boeu previously tolerated,
would not bo entertained hereafter."]
The SPEAKER. The Chair also, though
not connected with this subject, difeets the
sixty-fifth rule of the House to be read for
the information of the members.
The Clerk read as follows:
Rulo 65. Smoking is prohibited within the bar of
the Houso or in the call erics.
district o!1 columbia.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I ask unani-
mous consent to submit the report and testi-
mony taken by the Committee for the District
of Columbia in reference to the government
of the District, in order that they may be
ordered to be printed and recommitted.
Mr. CREBS. I also ask the minority re-
port be ordered to be printed, and that a time
be fixed when this subject may be taken up
and considered.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Let us get
through with this first, and we can fix the time
afterward.
The SPEAKER. The Committee for the
District of Columbia have the right, to report
once every four weeks under the rules, a
greater privilege than any other committee.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Let the report
be printed and recommitted.
Mr. DAWES. Not to be brought back by
a motion to reconsider.
Mr. IIOOSEVELT. And that the minor-
ity report take the same course ; that is, ordered
to be printed with the majority report.
The SPEAK1SR. The Chair hears no
objection, and it is ordered accordingly.
hospital, california.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now move the
House adjourn.
