1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TOl
Senate of the United States ought to read cor-
rectly. For the killing of his brother, Absa-
lom had lived in banishment, from which the
king, his father, permitted him to return ; but
the wayward son was but half pardoned, for
he was not permitted to see his father's face.
And it was for that reason, and then, that he
went among the people to seduce thetn into a
rebellion against his royal father's authority.
Had he survived that rebellion, king David,
as a prudent statesman, would either have
killed his son Absalom or he would have ad-
mitted him to his table, in order to make him
a good son again by unstinted fatherly love.
But he would certainly not have permitted
his son Absalom to run at large, capable of
doing mischief, and at the same time by small
measures of degradation inciting him to do it.
And that is just the policy we have followed.
"VVe have permitted the late rebels to run at
large, capable of doing mischief, and then by
small measures of degradation, utterly useless
for any good purpose, we incited them to do it.
Looking at your political disabilities with an
impartial eye, you will find that, as a measure
of punishment, they did not go far enough ; as
a measure of policy they went much too far.
We were far too generous to subjugate the
hearts of our late enemies by terror; and we
mixed our generosity with just enough of bit-
terness to prevent it from bearing its full fruit.
I repeat, we can make the policy of generosity
most fruitful only by making it mo.4 complete.
What objection, then, can stand against this
consideration of public good?
You tell me that many of the late rebels do
not deserve a full restoration of their rights.
That may be so; 1 do not deny it; but yet,
sir, if many of them do not deserve it, is it not
a far more important consideration how much
the welfare of the country will be promoted
by it?
1 am told that many of the late rebels, if
we volunteer a pardou to tliem, would not
appreciate it. I do not deny this; it may be
so, for the race of fools, unfortunately, is not
all dead yet; but if they do not appreciate it,
shall we have no reason to appreciate the great
good which by this measure of generosity will
be conferred upon the whole land?
Some Senator, referring to a defaulting pay-
master who experienced the whole rigor ot the
law, asked us, " When a poor defaulter is pun-
ished, shall a rebel go free? Is embezzle-
ment a greater crime than treason?" No,
sir, it is not; but again I repeat that is not
the question. The question 13 whether a gen-
eral amnesty to rebels is not far more urgently
demanded by the public interest than a gen-
eral pardon for thieves. Whatever may be
said of the greatness and the heinous char-
acter of the crime of rebellion, a single glance
at the history of the world and at the practice
of other nations will convince you that in all
civilized countries the measure of punishment
to be visited on those guilty of that crime is
almost uniformly treated as a question of great
policy and almost never as a question of strict
justice. And why is this? Why is it that a
thief, although pardoned, will never again be
regarded as an untainted member of society,
while a pardoned rebel may still rise to_ the
highest honors of the State, and sometimes
even gain the sincere and general esteem and
confidence of his countrymen? Because a
broad line of distinction is drawn between a
violation of law in which political opinion is the
controlling element (however erroneous, nay,
however revolting that opinion may be, and
however disastrous the consequences of the
act) and those infamous crimes of which moral
depravity is the principal ingredient^ and be-
cause even the most disastrous political con-
flicts may be composed for the common good
by a conciliatory process, while the infamous
crime always calls for a strictly penal correc-
tion. You may call this just or not, but such
is the public opinion of the civilized world,
and you find it in every civilized country.
Look at the nations around us. In the
Parliament of Germany how many men are
there sitting who were once what you would
call fugitives from justice, exiles on account
of their revolutionary acts, now admitted to
the great council of the nation in the fullness
of their rights and privileges—and mark you,
without having been asked to abjure the opin-
ions they formerly held, for at the present
moment most of them -still belong to the Lib-
eral opposition. Look at Austria, where Count
Andrassy, a man who, in 1849, was condemned
to the gallows as a rebel, at this moment stands
at the head of the imperial ministry; and those
who know the history of that country are fully
aware that the policy of which that amnesty
was a part, which opened to Count Andrassy
the road to power, has attached Hungary more
closely than ever to the Austrian Crown, from
which a narrow-minded policy of severity would
have driven her.
Now, sir, ought we not to profit by the wis-
dom of such examples? It may be said that
other Governments were far more rigorous in
their first repressive measures, and that they
put off the grant of a general amnesty much
longer after suppressing an insurrection than
we are required to do. So they did; but is
not this the great Republic of the New World
which marches in the very vanguard of modern
civilization, and which, when an example of
wisdom is set by other nations, should not only
rise to its level, but far above it?
It seems now to be generally admitted that^
the time has come for a more comprehensive
removal of political disabilities than has so far
been granted. If that sentiment be sincere, if
you really do desire to accomplish the greatest
possible good by this measure that can be done,
I would ask you what practical advantage do
you expect to derive from the exclusions for
which this bill provides? Look at them otio
after another.
First, all those are excluded who when the
rebellion broke out were members of Congress,
and left their seats in these halls to join it.
Why are these men to be excluded as a class?
Because this class contains a number of prom-
inentindividuals, who, in the rebellion, bccame
particularly conspicuous aud obnoxious, and
among them we find those whom we might
designate as the original conspirators. But
these are few, and they might have been men-
tioned by name. Most of those, however, who
left, their seats in Congress to make common
cause with the rebels were in no way more
responsible for the rebellion than other promi-
nent men at the South who do not fall under
this exception. If we accept at all the argu-
ment that it will be well for the cause of good
government and the material welfare of the
South to readmit to the management of public
affairs all the intelligence and political expe-
rience in those States, why, then, exclude as a
class men who, having been members of Con-
gress, may be presumed to possess a higher
degree of that intelligence and experience
than the rest? If you want that article at all
for good purposes, I ask you, do you not want
as large a supply of that article as you can
obtain?
Leaving aside the original conspirators, is
there any reason in the world why those mem-
bers of Congress should be singled out from
the numerous class of intelligent and prom-
inent men who were or had been in office and
had taken the same oath which is administered
in these Halls? Look at it. You do not pro-
pose to continue the disqualification of men
who served this country as foreign ministers,
who left their important posts, betrayed the
interests of this country ui foreign lands to
come back and join the rebellion you do not
propose to exclude from the benefit of this act
those who sat upon the bench aud doffed^ the
judicial ermine to takg part in the rebellion ;
and if such men are not to be disfranchised,
why disfranchise the common run of the Con-
gressmen, whose guilt is certainly not greater,
if it be as great ? Can you tell me ? Is it wis©
even to incur the suspicion of making an
exception merely for the saka of excluding
somebody, when no possible good can be ac-
complished by it, and when you can thus only
increase the number of men incited to discon-
tent and mischief by small and unnecessary
degradations ?
And now as to the original conspirators,
what has become of them ? Some of them are
dead; and as to those who are still living, I
ask you, sir, are they not dead also ? Look at
Jefferson Davis himself. What if you exclude
even him—and certainly our feelings would
naturally impel us to do so ; but let our reason
speak—what if you exclude even him?
Would you not give him an importance which
otherwise he never would possess, by mak-
ing people believe that you are even occu-
pying your minds enough with him to make
him an exception to an act of generous wis-
dom? Truly to refrain from making an act
of amnesty general on account of the orginal
conspirators, candidly speaking, I would not
consider worth while. I would not leava
them the pitiable distinction of not being
pardoned. Your very generosity will be to
them the source of the bitterest disappoint-
ment. As long as they are excluded, they may
still find some satisfaction in the delusion of
being considered men of dangerous import-
, ance. Their very disabilities they look upon
to-day as a recognition of their power. They
may, still make themselves and others believe
that, were the southern people only left free
in their choice, they would eagerly raise them
again to the highest honors.
But you relieve them of their exclusion, and
they will at once bccome conscious of their
nothingness, a nothingness most glaringly con-
spicuous then, for you will have drawn away
the vail that has concealed it. I suspect that
gentlemen on the Democratic side of the House,
whom they would consider their political
friends, would be filled with dismay at the
more thought of their reappearance among
them. If there is anything that could prevent
thetn from voting for universal amnesty, it
might be the fear, if they entertained it at all,
of seeing Jefferson Davis once more a Senator
of the United States.
But more than that: you relieve that class
of persons, those old misleaders, of their exclu-
sion, and they will soon discover that the peo-
ple whom they once plunged into disaster and
ruin have iu the meantime grown, if not as
wise as they ought to be, certainly too wise to
put their destinies in the hands of the same
men again. I hope, therefore, you will not
strip this measure of the merit of being a gen-
eral amnesty to spare the original plotters this
most salutary experience.
So muoh for the first exception. Now to
the second. It excludes from the beneGt of
this act all tlioae who were officers of tho Army
or of the Navy and then joined the rebellion.
Why exclude that class of persons? I have
heard the reason very frequently stated upon
the floor of the Senate; it is because those
men had been educated at the public expense,
and their turning against the Government was
therefore an act of peculiar faithlessness and
black ingratitude. That might appear a very
strong argument at first sight. But I ask you
was it not one of the very first acts of this
Administration to appoint one of the most
prominent and conspicuous of that class to a
very lucrative and respectable public office?
I mean General Longstreet. He had obtained
his military education at the expense of tho
American people. He was one of the wards,
one of the pets of the American Republic,
and then he turned against it as a rebel. \Vhat-
ever of faithlessness, whatever of black ingrat-
itude there is in such conduct, it was in his;
and yet, in spite of all this, the President nom-
inated him for an office, and your conaent,
Senators, made him a public dignitary. _ Why
did you break the rule ia Ms case? 1 will not
