1872,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4285
inserted in the bill. It will permit a railroad
depot to be erected and occupied directly upon
the public squares. I do not think we ought
to allow that; and I therefore hope, instead
of laying the motion on the table, the bill
will be i-econsidered and that slight amend-
ment inserted.
Mr. LEWIS. I renew my motion to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I aslcforthe
yeas and nays on that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
feels it his duty to say to the Senate that the
adoption of a motion to lay a motion to re-
consider on the table has the same effect as
through the vote was not reconsidered. A
vote to lay a motion to reconsider on the table
allows the bill to go forward the same as if it
was not reconsidered.
Mr. CONKLING. It also allows the maker
of the motion to call up that motion when he
comes in in time to do it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. So that I suggest to the
Senator from Virginia the effect of this, if he
succeeds, will be to enable any Senator to
move to take up the motion to reconsider and
send a request to the House to return the bill.
Therefore, if he wants to put an end to this
matter, I suggest to him that he had better
wait until the Senator from South Carolina is
present and then have a vote directly on the
motion to reconsider. Otherwise I remind
him he leaves it in the power of any member
of the Senate to call up the motion to recon-
sider at anytime, and it will always be effectual
until the bill has passed from the keeping of
the other House.
Mr. LEWIS. For the reasons which I stated
before, I desire action upon this bill. It is a
very important bill.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator will under-
stand that I am not interfering ; I am merely
making a suggestion to him. I know nothing
about the merits of the bill, and i do not wish
to make any remaiks upon them.
Mr. LEWIS. I was only going to say that
if I thought the Senator from South Carolina
would be in his place at any time between this
and three o'clock I would most gladly wait
until he came in ; but not knowing whether he
will be here or not, I desire that this matter
shall be settled.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will say to
the Senator from Virginia that I will vote to
take it up at any moment when the Senator
from South Carolina is present.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have a word to say
about these motions to reconsider. In my
judgment, the rule ought not to allow any
Senator to hold a bill up, by his motion to
reconsider, more than two days. The former
practice was where a Senator said he would
like to look into a bill, he entered a motion to
reconsider, and two days afterward, as a mat-
ter of course, it was considered as disposed
of, unless the motion was called up within two
days. It was believed to be an unreasonable
privilege to give a Senator the power of his
own will to hold a bill that had passed the
Senate longer than that time. I trust, there-
fore, as this bill has been bung here in sus-
pense for about a week to the very great incon-
venience of the Senator from Virginia, it will
now be disposed of. It is unreasonable to allow
a Senator, either present or absent, to hold a
bill up that has passed the Senate, merely to
await his convenience.
Mr. SCOTT. This is only the second day.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BLAIR. After the remark of the Sen-
atorl'rotn Virginia that the Senatorfrom South
Carolina told him he entered the motion- to
reconsider on behalf of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, who is absent, and after what
the Senator has said as to the understanding
he had with the Senator from Pennsylvania,
I think this matter should be taken up and
disposed of.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 7 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Amfe>. Anthony, Bayard,
Blair, Buckingham, Chandler, Flanagan, Hamilton
of Maryland, Harlan, Hitchcock, Howe, Johnston,
Kellogg, Kelly, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Norwood,
Nye, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Ransom, Sauls-
bury, Sawyer, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart,. Sumner,
Tlmrman, and Vickers—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Casserly, Cole, Cragin, Edmunds,'
Morrill of Vermont, Seott, and Stockton—7.
ABSENT—Messrs. Boreman, Brownlow, Caldwell,
Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton, Conkling, Cooper,
Corbett, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia,
Penton, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan,
EVelinghuysen, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of
Texas, Hamlin, Hill, Logan, Morton, Osborn, Pat-
terson, Rice, Robertson, Schurx, Spencer, Steven-
son, Tipton, Trumbull, West, Wilson, Whidom, and
Wright—35.
So the motion to lay on the table the motion
to reconsider was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
2632) to provide for filling vacancies in certain
offices in the several Territories.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVALS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had on this day
approved and signed the following acts:
An act (S. No. 486) for the relief of Brevet
Colonel Emeric Szabad;
An act (S. No. 1105) for the relief of Har-
man E. Went worth, late second lieutenant
fourteenth New York heavy artillery; and
A bill (S. No. 1107) for the relief of Wil-
son Bowlby, collector of internal revenue "for
Oregon.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. COLE. By unanimous consent, I ask
to have the vote on the fortification bill (H.
R. No. 1671) reconsidered for the purpose of
making a verbal amendment which was over-
looked, both in the title and in the body of the
bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the vote by
which the bill was ordered to a third reading
was reconsidered.
Mr. COLE. I move t.o amend, the bill by
inserling in line five, after the word "appro-
priated," the words " for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1873."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. COLE. I move to amend the title of
the bill by adding the words "for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1873," so as to make it
read: "A bill (H. R. No. 1671) rnakiug ap-
propriations for the construction, preserva-
tion, and, repairs of certain fortifications and
other works of defense for the fiscal year
ending June GO, 1873."
The motion was agreed to.
river and harbor bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the
conference report on House bill No. 2116.
Several Senators. That is not the river
and harbor bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. At the request of the
Senator from Ohio, I propose to substitute
this for that. I shall take up the river and
harbor bill next..
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood it to be the agreement of the Sen-
ate last evening that appropriation bills should
be considered to-day.
Mjr. CHANDLER. Very well; then I will
move to take up the river and harbor bill. I
made the change at the request of the Senator
from Ohio.
The PRESIDING. OFFICER. The Chair
only makes the suggestion to carry out the
arrangement that was made yesterday.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well. 1 call up,
then, the river and harbor bill.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask permission to have
five or eight minutes to finish the railroad bill,
upon which we expended half an hour this
morning. All I want is a vote. We can dis-
pose of it in a very few minutes.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am told that that will
lead to debate, and I am very anxious to go on
with the river and harbor bill.
Mr. SAWYER. I am sure it will not.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not think I can
give way. We can get through with this bill
in a short time, I hope.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Michigan.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask -the Senate to give a
limit of five minutes to the railroad bill. I
will not oppose him at all. I have no objec-
tion to his taking up the river and harbor bill;
I want it taken up; but I think it unfair to a
bill which has already been considered for
half an hour this morning to throw it aside
when it can be disposed of in five minutes.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am told by Senators
around me that that bill will be debated. The
Senator from Connecticut says he desires to
be heard on that bill.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Not upon that bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. But it will lead to de-
bate. I wish to move that the usual limitation
on debate on appropriation bills be applied to
the river and harbor bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
question is on proceeding to the consideration
of the bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 2208) making ap-
propriations for the repair, preservation, and
completion of certain public works on rivers
and harbors, and for other purposes.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
usual rule for the regulation of debate on
appropriation bills, the five-minutes rule, be
applied to this bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. It has already been
applied, I think.
Mr. BAYARD. May I ask the Senator
from Michigan, who has charge of this bill, if
he will permit a vote to be taken without
debate upon the order asked for by the minor-
ity of the Committee on Investigation aud
Retrenchment, which was as to whether they
should have leave to state their views by the
25th of June ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Wait until the Senate is
fuller. I object at the present time.
Mr. BAYARD. That was the date sug-
gested by the chairman of the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that at this time the Senatorfrom
Vermont objects.
Mr. EDMUNDS. To-morrow morning,
when the Senate is full, we can take it up.
Mr. 1JAYARD. Does the Senator object 1
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do for to-day. To-
morrow morning, when the Senate is fall, I
shall have no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan now moves that the rule,
called the restrictive rule, applicable to other
appropriation bills, be applied to this bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. Has there not been a
resolution already passed to that effect ? I
think so.
Mr. SHERMAN. That rule does not apply
to this bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offered a resolution
making it applicable to this bill. The Sen-
ator from California objected,, and it went
over, and I think afterward the Senator from
Michigan renewed it.
Mr. CHANDLER.' The rule was applied, I
remember, and the motion now is unnecessary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It being
understood that that rule does apply to this bill,
the reading of the bill will proceed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not understand it
unless the rule is so.
