702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
say that you did it because lie had become a
Republican, for I am far from attributing any
mere partisan motive to your action. No; you
did it because his conduct after the close of
hostilities had been that of a well-disposed and
law-abiding citizen. Thus, then, the rule which
you. Senators, have established for your own
conduct is simply this: you will in the case
of officers of the Army or the Navy waive the
charge of peculiar faithlessness and ingratitude
if the persons in question after the war had
become law-abiding and well-disposed citizens.
Well, is it not a fact universally recognized,
and I believe entirely uncontradicted, that of
all classes of men connected with the rebel-
lion there is not one whose conduct since the
close of the war has been so unexceptionable,
and in a great many instances so beneficial in
its influence upon southern society, as the offi-
cers of the Army and the Navy, especially
those who before the war had been members
of our regular establishments? Why, then,
except them from this act of amnesty? If
you take subsequent good conduct into ac-
count at all, these men are the very last who
as a class ought to be excluded. And would
it not be well to encourage them in well-doing
by a sign on our part that they are not to be
looked upon as outcasts whose iufluenco is not
desired, even when they are inclined to use it
for the promotion of the common welfare?
The third class excluded consists of those
who were members of State conventions, and
in those State conventions voted for ordinances
of secession. If we may judge from the words
which fell from the lips of the Senator from
Indiana, they were the objects of his partic-
ular displeasure. Why this? Here we have
a largo number of men of local standing who
in some cases may have been leaders on a
small scale, but most of whom were drawn into
the whirl of the revolutionary movement just
like the rest of the southern population. If
you accept the proposition that. it will bo well
and wise to permit the intelligence of tlie coun-
try to participate in tho management of the
public business, the exclusion of just these
people will appear especially inappropriate,
because their local influence might be made
peculiarly beneficial; and if you exclude these
persons, whose number is considerable, you
tell just that class of people whose coopera-
tion might be made most valuable that their
cooperation is not wanted, for tho reason that,
according to the meaning and intent of your
system of disabilities, public affairs are no
business of theirs. You object that they are
more guilty than the rest. Suppose they arc—
and in many cases I am sure they are only
apparently so—but if they were not guilty
of any wrong, they would need 110 amnesty.
Amnesty is made for those who bear a cer-
tain degree of guilt. Or would you indulge
here in the solemn farce of giving pardon only
t,o those who are presumably innocent,? You
grant your amnesty that it may bear good
fruit; and if you do it for that purpose, then
do not diminish the good fruit it may bear by
leaving unplanted the most promising soil
upon which it may grow.
A few words now about the second section
of the bill before you, which imposes upon
those who desire to have the benefit of amnesty
the duty of taking an oath to support the
Constitution before some public officer, that
oathlo be registered, the list to be laid be-
fore Congress and to be preserved in the office
of the Secretary of State. Sir, I ask you, can
3"0u or any one tell me what practical good is
to be accomplished by a provision like this?
You may say that the taking of another oath
will do nobody any harm. Probably not; but
can you tell me,^ in the name of common
sense, what harm in this ease the taking of that
oath will prevent ? Or have we read the his-
tory of tlje world in vain, that we should not
know yet how little political oaths are worth
to improve the morality of a people or to
secure the stability of a Government? And
what do you mean to accomplish by making
up and preserving your lists of pardoned per-
sons? Can they be of any possible advantage
to the country in any way? Why, then, load
down an act like thiswith such useless circum-
stance, while as an act of grace and wisdom
it certainly ought to be as straightforward and
simple as possible?
Let me now in a few words once more sum
up the whole meaning of the question which
we are now engaged in discussing. No candid
man can deny that our system of political dis-
abilities is in no way calculated to protect the
rights or the property or the life or the lib-
erty of any living man, or in any way practi-
cally to prevent the evil-disposed from doing
mischief. Why do you think of granting any
amnesty at all? Is it not to produce on the
popular mind at the South a conciliatory effect,
to quicken the germs of good intentions, to
encourage those who can exert a bsneficial
influence, to remove the pretexts of ill-feeling
and animosity, and to aid in securing to the
southern States the blessings of good and hon-
est government? If that is not your design,
what can it be?
But if it be this, if you really do desire to
produce such moral effects, then I entreat you
also to consider what moral means you have to
employ in order to bring forth those moral
effects you contemplate. If an act of generous
statesmanship, or of statesman-like generosity,
is to bear full fruit, it should give not as little
as possible, but it should give as much as pos-
sible. You must not do things by halves if
you want to produce whole results. You must
not. expose yourself to the suspicion of a nar-
row-minded desire to pinch oft' tho size of your
gift wherever there is a chance lor it, as if you
were afraid you could by any possibility give
too much, when giving more would benefit the
country more, and when giving less would de-
tract from the beneficent effect of that which
you do give.
Let me tell you it is tho experience of all
civilized nations* the world over, when an am-
nesty is to be granted at all, the-completest
amnesty is always the best. Any limitation
you may impose, however plausible it may seem
at first sight, will be calculated to take away
much of the virtue of that which is granted.
I entreat you, then, in the name of the accu-
mulated experience of history, let there bean
end of these bitter and useless and disturbing
questions; let, the books bo finally closed, and
when (lie subject is forever dismissed from our
discussions and our minds, wo shall feel as
much relieved as those who are relieved of
their political disabilities.
Sir, I have to say a few words about an ac-
cusation which has been brought against those
who speak in favor of universal amnesty. It
is the accusation resorted to, in default of
more solid argument, that those who advise
amnesty, especially universal amnesty, do so
because they have fallen in love with the rebels.
No, sir, it is not merely for the rebels I plead.
We are asked, shall the rebellion go entirely
unpunished? No, sir, it shall not. Neither
do I think that the rebellion has gone entirely
unpunished. I ask you, had the rebels nothing
to lose but their lives and their offices? Look
at it There was a proud and arrogant aris-
tocracy planting their feet on the necks of the
laboring people, and pretending to be the born
rulers of this great Republic. They looked
down, not only upon their slaves, but also upon
the people of the North, with the haughty
contempt of self-asserting superiority. When
their pretensions to rule us all were first suc-
cessfully disputed, they resolved to destroy
this Republic, and to build up on the corner-
stone of slavery an empire of their own in
which they could hold absolute sway. They
made the attempt with the most overween-
ingly confident expectation of certain victory.
Then came the civil war, and after four years
of struggle their whole power and pride lay
shivered to atoms at our feet, their sons dead
by tens of thousands on the battle-fields of this
country, their fields and their homes devas-
tated, their fortunes destroyed ; and more than
that, the whole social system in which they
had their very being, with all their hopes and
pride, utterly wiped out ; slavery forever abol-
ished, and the slaves themselves created a
political power before which they had to bow
their heads, and they, broken, ruined, helpless
and hopeless in the dust before those upon
whom they had so haughtily looked down as
their vassals and inferiors. Sir, can it be
said that the rebellion has gone entirely un-
punished?
You may object that the loyal people, too,
were subjected to terrible sufferings; that their
sons, too, were slaughtered by tens of thou-
sands ; that the mourning of countless widows
and orphans is still darkening our land; that
we are groaning under terrible burdens which
the rebellion has loaded upon us, and that
therefore part of the punishment has fallen
upon the innocent. And it is certainly true.
But look at the difference. We issued from
this great conflict as conquerors; upon the
graves of our slain we could lay the wreath
of victory; our widows and orphans, while
mourning the loss of their dearest, still remem-
ber with proud exultation that the blood of
their husbands and fathers was not spilled in
vain ; that it flowed for the greatest and holiest
and at the same time the most victorious of
causes; and when our people labor in the
sweat of their brow to pay the debt which the
rebellion has loaded upon us, they do it with
the proud consciousness that the heavy price
they have paid is infinitely overbalanced by
the value of the results they have gained:
slavery abolished; the great American Repub-
lic purified of her foulest stain; the American
people no longer a people of masters and
slaves, but a people of equal citizens; the
most dangerous element of disturbance and
disintegration wiped out from among us ; this
country put upon the course of harmonious
development, greater, more beautiful, mightier
than ever in its self-conscious power. And
thus, whatever losses, whatever sacrifices,
whatever sufferings we may have endured,
they appear before us in a blaze of glory.
Bu,t how do the southern people stand there ?
All they have sacrificcd, all they have lost, all
the blood they have spilled, all the desolation
of theirhoraes, all the distress that stares them
in the face, all the wreck and ruin they see
around them, all for nothing, all for a wicked
folly, all for a disastrous infatuation ; the very
graves of their slain nothing hut, monuments
of a shadowy delusion; all their former hopes
vanished forever; and the very magniloquence
which some of their leaders are still indulging
in nothing but a mocking illustration of their
utter discomfiture! Ah, sir, if ever human
efforts broke down in irretrievable disaster, if
ever human pride was humiliated to the dust,
if ever human hopes were turned into despair,
there you behold them.
You may say that they deserved it all. Yes,
but surely, sir, you cannot say that the rebel-
lion has gone entirely unpunished. Nor will
the Senator from Indiana, with all his decla-
mation (and I am sorry not now to see him
before me) make any sane man believe that
had no political disabilities ever been imposed,
the history of the rebellion, as long as the
memory of men retains the recollection of the
great story, will ever encourage a future gen-
eration to rebel again, or that if even this
great example of disaster should fail to extin-
guish the spirit of rebellion, his little scare-
crow of exclusion from office will be more
than a thing to be laughed at by little bcrys.
And yet, sir, it is certainly true that after
the close of the war we treated the rebels with
a generosity never excelled in the history of
the world. _ And thus in advising a' general
amnesty it is not merely for the rebels I plead.
But I plead for the good of the country, which
in its best interests will be benefited by amnesty
