42$®
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'
June 6,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is not informed whether it is so or not.
.Mr- CHANDLER. Before this bill is read
I wish to make a brief statement.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Allow me
to suggest to the honorable Senator that this
question is not yet determined, if I understand
it, as to the application of the rule in regard
to debate to this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is not sure whether it has been applied to this
bill or not.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I desire
to have that question decided first. That rule
should be applied to this bill as well as to
others, and 1 hope the question will be put to
the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion that the rule to which
reference has been made shall be applicable
to proceedings under this bill.
Mr. THURMAN. What is that?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. The five-
minutes rule.
Mr. THURMAN. And that no amend-
ments that are not germane shall be offered?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Yea, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is what
is commonly called the restrictive rule.
Mr. THURMAN. That is pact of the rule,
is it. not?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is part
of the rule. The question is on the motion that
that rule shall apply to the pending bill.
The motion wus agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I wish lo make a very
brief statement in regard to this bill. The
House endeavored to limit the appropriations
in this bill below $-1,000,000; but they were
not able to do so, and the bill came to the
Senate with something over five millions in-
stead of being under four millions. The
Committee on Commerce of the Senate have
examined very carefully every proposition
that has been made to increase the amount,
and have added about five hundred thousand
dollars, so that the bill now stands between five
million five hundred thousand dollars and live
million seven hundred thousand dollars. I
hope the Senate will take the bill and amend-
ments as they urn. If we commence loading
the bill down it may meet the same fate
that a similar bill did two or three years ago.
I ask the Senate to stand by the bill and by
the amendments us reported by the committee.
Mr. THURMAN. Is the hill now up?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. CHANDLER. It. has not yet been read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If it bo the
pleasure of the Senate, the amendments re-
ported by the Committee on Commerce will
be considered as they are reached in the read-
ing of the bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask that that be done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That course
will be pursued unless objection be made.
The Chair hears no objection.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Commerce was on page 2, lines
twenty-seven and twenty-eight, to reduce the
appropriation for the improvement of Chicago
harbor, Illinois, from $100,000 to $90,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 2, line
twenty-nine, to increase the appropriation for
the improvement of Calumet harbor, Illinois,
from ,?30,000 to $40,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 3, line
forty-seven, befoie the word "harbor," to
strike out "Aux Bees Scies," and insert
" Frankfortso as to make the clause read :
For the improvement of Frankfort harbor, Miehi-
gaa, $10,000,
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 8, line
fifty four, to increase the appropriation for the
improvement of Pentwater harbor, Michigan,
from $10,000 to $50,000
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 6, after
line one hundred and fifteen, to insert
"for the improvement of Big Sodus harbor,
New York, $15,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 6, after
line one hundred and twenty-five, to insert
the following:
For the improvement of Otter creek, Vermont,
from Vergennes to its outlet on Lake Champlain.
$10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 7, line
one hundred and foriy-two, after the word
"dollars," to add the following proviso:
Provided, That$50,000of said amount boexpended
in improving the Ouachita river, Louisiana, in ac-
cordance witn a plan submitted by the chief of en-
gineers in a report to the Secretary of War, dated
Apnf 9,1872.
Mr. RICE. I move to amend that amend-
ment by strikingoutall from line one hundred
and thirty-nine HMine one hundred and forty-
seven inclusive, and inserting what I send to
the Chair.
Mr. EDMUNDS, I suppose that is a reduc-
tion.
Mr. RICE. It is a change of language
specifying the appropriations with a slight
increase of the appropriation.'
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that this is a proposition striking
out the amendment of the committee and also
a portion of the text of the bill. It will be
read.
The Ciiiicf Clerk. It is proposed to strike
out the following clause, commencing in- line
one hundred and thirty-nine:
For the improvementof the Mississippi, Missouri,
Arkansas, Little Missouri, White, Black, ltud, Petit
Jean, and Ouachita rivers, in the States of Arkan-
sas, Louisiana, and Missouri, $200,000.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
For the improvomontof the Mississippi, Missouri,
and Arkansas rivers, $100,000; for the improvement
of tho Little Missouri, $10,000: Ouachita riTor. Kan-
sas, $30,000: l'otit Joan, $10,000; for White, Little
Red, and IJIaok rivers, $30,00,); and for Ouachita
river, Louisiana, $50,000.
Mr. ANTHONY. Is that in order? I am
very confident wc passed a resolution some
time ago putting the river and harbor bill on
the same footing as other appropriation bills,
and that it is not in order to move upon it
any amendment which increases an appro-
priation.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator from Arkansas
only sets out in detail the aggregate of the
appropriation.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand it increases
the amount, and that is not in order, I think.
Mr. CRAG1N. The Senator from Rhode
island is certainly in error about its increasing
the amount.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Ark-
ansas, who offered the amendment, said it did.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks, if the amendment is in order, it is in
the power of any Senator to move either to
increase or diminish the amount.
Mr. AN THONY. It is not so on any other
appropriation bill. It is not in order to move
any amendment to an appropriation bill in-
creasing the amount unless it comes from a
committee.
Mr. SHERMAN.^ That is, to propose a
new item of appropriation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That relates
to new items of appropriations.
Mr. RICE. I think the increase is from
$'200,000 to §220,000. The Clerk can look at
the amendment and say what the increase is.
I have not a copy of it before me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is informed that it increases the appropriation
$20,000.
Mr. RICE. I think so.
Mr. ANTHONY. The rule is that no
amendment proposing additional appropria-
tions shall be made 
Mr. RICfi. This does not.
Mr. ANTHONY. If ii increases the amount,
it is an additional appropriation.
Mr. SHERMAN, it has not been so held,
as 1 understand it.
Mr. ANTHONY. It always has been so
held.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is now informed that ihe amount of increase
by this amendment is $30,000 instead of
$20,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the thirtieth rule ap-
plies, and I am afraid it does not, to this bill,
then this amendment is clearly out of order,
because it proposes an additional appropria-
tion to that reported from the committee or
recommended in the bill. Therefore it can-
not be moved unless it is reported from a com-
mittee. If it is reported from a committee it
can be moved, provided it has been referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That point
is well taken.
Mr. ANTHONY. I raise this point in no
factions spifit; I have no objection to this
increase; but we know from the fate of pre-
vious bills of this kind that if we admit addi-
tional appropiiations it will end in such log-
rolling that we shall break the bill down by
putting on fifteen or twenty millions. That, is
the way we have done beloie. One man will
vote $100,000 for the harbor of Mobile, for
instance, if somebody else will vote $100,000
for the harbor of New London, and both go
on. If the thirtieth rule does apply to this
appropriation bill—and I am sorry to say I
fear it does not, although I remember I intro-
duced a resolution to that effect, and it was
passed, but I am afraid 1 did not draw it so
full as it should have been—then I hope it
will be enforced; and if it does not apply, I
hope the Senator from Arkansas, if he wishes
to pass this bill, will refrain, and that every
other Senator will refrain from increasing the
appropriations, for just so sure as we begin to
increase the appropriations on this bill we
shall lose it. There is no end to it when we
once commence.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the
Senator from Vermont state his point again?
The Chair did not understand it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My point of order was
only conditional upon the idea that the thirtieth
rule applies to this bill. If Rule 30 of the
Senate does apply, (and I do not know whether
it does or not,) my point of order is that this
amendment proposes an additional appropria-
tion of money, and that proposing an additional'
appropriation of money, it is not to carry out
the provisions of a treaty or existing law, that
it is not reported from a select or standing
committee, and that it has not been referred
to the committee that reported the bill.
'The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will remind the Senator that that rule provides
that all general appropriation bills shall be
referred to the Committee on Appropiiations.
The Chair understands this bill has not been
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
but to the Committee on Commerce. It would
seem, therefore, that it is not considered un-
der the rule as one of the general appropria-
tion bills, and hence the thirtieth rule does not
apply to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well. I do not
know that I can quarrel with that decision of
the Chair unless it has been made a special
order since.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think all the rules
that apply to oilier appropriation bills apply
to this bill hv a vote of ill" Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will decide—any Senator can appeal from his
decision—that the amendment of the Senator
from Arkansas is in order.
