1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2495
bins because God has stricken him down with
sickness ; you cannot turn him out because
his health has failed and he is unable to per-
form the duties; you cannot remove him by
any act of Congress ; you cannot legislate him
out of office, unless he is the judge of an
inferior court which you can abolish ; and in
order to do that you would have to legislate
everybody else out who was a judge ot' that
court. So. then, the only way you can get an
efficient officer in his place is "to induce him to
resign.
It may be said that he ought to resign the
moment that he finds he is incapable of per-
forming the duty ; and in a strictly moral sense
he ought to do it; and yet we know that men
will not always reason that way. A man who
has spent half his life or more in the perform-
ance of an onerous service, a service by which
he accumulates no riches, by which he barely
supports his family, which leaves him at the
end of his service perhaps poorer than when
he began, does not feel very much like resign-
ing his position and becoming a beggar when
his very ill health may have resulted from the
public service he has performed.
Mr. BAYARD. Will my friend allow me
to interrupt him? He has stated just such a
case as my amendment provides for. He is
premising that there has been long and faithful
service. I admit it is illy paid, too illy paid
now ; but I think there should be some service
preceding the pension.
Mr. THURMAN. I have been of that opin-
ion, too, and was myself the mover of the ten-
year provision in the existing law. I should
not object to the service provided for in this
amendment, though with the experience we
have had of the judge in Texas I think a ten-
year provision is too long. But this is the
difference between the two cases; we have
provided that when a man arrived at the age
of seventy he might, resign, and that his salary
might go on if he had already served ten years,
and we did that without the slightest regard
to whether he was a competent or an incom-
petent man. He might be the most compe-
tent man on the bench. We did not tell him
"You must be incompetent before you resign
we said nothing of that kind.
Mr. BAYARD. We presumed it.
Mr. THURMAN. No; we did not presume
incompetency, either, let me say to my friend.
Only ten years, or something like that. Of the
fourteen judges of England, there was but one
under sixty, and all the rest of them were
over seventy, and two of them were over
eighty. 1 recollect when more than half of the
Supreme Court of the United States were over
seventy years of age. There are some ot
them who are over seventy now. We did not
intend to say that when a man has become
seventy years old he is incompetent to be a
judge. Far from that. We only said that
when he has become seventy we will allow
him to judge for himself whether the pub-
lic interest requires that he should remain
upon the bench ; and it he thinks that he has
performed service enough, if he thinks that
his own health or peace or the public service
requires that he should resign that position,
we will allow him to resign it, and we will
allow him to have the salary which he has
earned by ten years' service upon the bench.
But this bill does not go upon any such
ground as that. This bill goes upon the ground
that the judge is incompetent to render the
service, not that he has become seventy years
of age, but that he is incompetent to render
the service. That is the necessity for getting
rid of him; and it does not matter whether he
has served ten years or ten days, if he is there
appointed for life, if he is there appointed for
good behavior, and has become, in the lan-
guage of this bill, permanently disabled. What,
difference does it make, so f&r as the public is
concerned, whether he has served ten years or
■whether he has served ten days? So far as
any merit on the part of the judge is concerned,
I agree that he ought not to have the pension
until he has served at least ten years; and if
he was alone interested, I should go for that,
or even for a longer period of time. But he
is not considered at all. The only thing is
to get rid of him. That is all that this bill
provides, because he is there a fixture in that
place, and you cannot get rid of him without
abolishing the court, for you cannot by au
act of Congress turn a judge out, and you can-
not get rid of him by impeachment, and there-
fore you must provide some other way to get
rid of hiin. What other way has been sug-
gested? But one single one, and that is to
give him a coadjutor, to appoint another judge
for the same district or circuit, to make there
two judges. But then you allow a man not to
perform the duty and get the salary—just pre-
cisely what would be the effect here. That is
all there is, and that is the only relief which
has been suggested that I know of.
It does seem to me under these circum-
stances that there is a public necessity for
some measure of this kind ; but that is for the
Senate to judge. The question is simply this :
shall we pass this bill now or shall .we wait
and legislate for each case as it may arise?
That is the only question, and that is a ques-
tion, I admit, on which there may very well be
a difference of opinion. If this bill is liable
to the abuses my friend thinks it is, it ought
not to pass ; and then we ought to wait and
legislate upon each*particular case as it comes;
but that is a very delicate job.
I think it is presuming rather too much to
say that the men who are appointed to judi-
cial positions under the Federal Government
will be so base as to represent themselves as
permanently disabled in order to got rid of
performing their duties, and that the Presi-
dent will be so short-sighted or so base as to
accept a resignation which is an imposition.
I have this to say: that if there is any man on
the bench who would do that, I would pay him
to get rid of him.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I would like to
ask the Senator from Ohio a question. If we
pass this law, in case it does not work well,
shall we be at liberty to repeal it, or would it
come within tne prohibition of the Cons'.i-
tution against diminishing the salary of any
judge? This i3 a perquisite, it is an addi-
tional emolument, privilege, that the judge
has; and yet 1 do not mean to express any
opinion on the point; I merely throw « out.
Mr. THURMAN. It is not necessary for
me to argue the constitutional question, be-
cause I do not conceive there ever would be a
Congress mean enough to repeal this law after
a judge had acted upon it and resigned. I do
not suppose there ever would be a Congress
that would repudiate the law by refusing the
payment of the salary. Therefore, I will not
go into the constitutional question whether we
could do so or not.
Mr. FItELINGHUYSEN. That is not
exactly the question. The question is whether
we could repeal this law because it would be
a right which the existing judges would have
in case they should fall under the disability.
Mr. THURMAN. I say I do not think we
need consider that constitutional question.
Congress can keep them from getting their
money, because Congress need not make any
appropriation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it not entirely com-
petent at any time to increase the duties of
a judge or to diminish them by act of Con-
gress? Can we not put additional duties at
any time on a judge?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Can we not take away
from him a portion of his duties?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there any doubt of it ?
Mr, FRELINGHUYSEN. That is not the
point, if the Senator from Illinois will permit
me, to which I alluded. We certainly can in-
crease or diminish their duties ; we have seen
this morning that we can take away powers
granted to them ; but the question is whether
you can diminish their salary, diminish the
perquisites of their office. If it is a good law
we should not want to repeal it; but if it does
come under that constitutional provision, it is
very well for us to consider carefully before
we pass it, because there will always be exist-
ing some judge who will have this law as a
right, and the period would never come when
you could repeal it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator mean
to say that this bill proposes to take away any
part of the salary that the Constitution secures
to ,a judge ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Not at all. This
is my position ; I think the Senator can under-
stand me: if we pass this bill, then it is in
addition to the judges' salary; it is a right, a
perquisite ; having passed it, can we then repeal
this law without diminishing those rights?
Mr. THURMAN. I think I can answer the
Senator from New Jersey. It is nothing in
the world, after the man has ceased to be a
judge, but a civil pension, and if we have no
constitutional power to grant civil pensions,
then we have no constitutional power to pass
this bill.
Mr. CONKLING. If my honorable friend
will pardon me, that is not the question which
the Senator from New Jersey has asked. When
a man ceases to be a judge, this may become
a civil pension. The Senator from New Jer-
sey presents this case: we now add contin-
gently to the perquisites or salaries of judges ;
the question is whether as to those judges still
all the time judges you do not work a diminu-
tion of their salaries by the future repeal of
this act. I am expressing no opinion about
this point, but I suggest to the Senator from
Ohio that, he does not take the question as the
Senator from New Jersey puts it.
Mr. THURMAN. I suggest that there is
no such question involved in the bill. This is
a bill providing that a man may resign, that
the President may accept his resignation for a
specified cause, and when that is done he
ceases to be a judge 
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly so; but 
Mr. THURMAN. Allow me to finish the
sentence.
Mr. CONKLING. Pardon me one moment
just there. As to those who have not availed
themselves of the right, as to whom this is a
future right, when the time comes, and all the
time a present contingency entering into the
value of their official compensation, as to that
class can you repeal it ?
Mr. THURMAN. To be sure you can re-
peal it. You can repeal it, to-morrow ; but
whether if anybody in the mean time had
availed himself of it and resigus, the repeal
would deprive him of his pension is another
question. I suppose you could absolutely re-
peal this act and deprive him of it; if you were
willing to repudiate your obligation you might
refuse to make any appropriation ; but as to
the power of repealing it without diminishing
the salary of any incumbent, of any man who
had not taken the benefit of the act, there can-
not be any question at all, in my humble judg-
ment.
1 wish to call the attention of my friend from
Delaware to one point. He apprehends that
this bill may lead to abuses, that judges may
avail themselves of it improperly in order to
become mere pensioners ; in other words, that
men may be appointed for the express purpose
that they may resign and that they may be-
come pensioners on the Government in that
way. I hardly think that is likely to be the
case ; but if it is, we can repeal the law very
quick whenever such an example should come
before us. It cannot, therefore, go very far.
But the Senator will please to observe and
the Senate will please to observe that we have
sought to guard against that by providing that
if the man who resigns shall afterward accept
any lucrative office, whether under the Fed-
