1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1599
city. To a certain extent there is a dignity
about these offices, and ] would not have a man
at the head of this police who would take it
for $1,000 a year. He should not have it with
my vote or permission, for he would not be a
fit man.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We give him $1,800.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. President, I have but
one word to add. The argument in favor
of the proposed reduction now is put upon the
ground of the sufficiency of the proposed com-
pensation. 1 confess that I am a little sur-
prised that the chairman of the Committee oil
Appropriations should insist upon a vote here
in the Senate after this matter was voted upon
in Committee of the Whole, and that after the
expression of the Senate he should still insist
on calling for the yeas and nays on this ques-
tion. It is a little remarkable that these are
the only officers around the Capitol whose
compensation is proposed to be reduced; and
yet they have to remain here the entire year.
They have reliefs, as has been stated here,
and perform night service every other night,
an hour of work in the night being counted as
two hours in the day. You require these men
to do this work; and you do not reduce the
compensation of a single officer about this
Capitol except the police officers. 1 say if the
compensation allowed to others is not extrav-
agant, in view of the services of these men,
and the character of these men, it does seem to
me that the chairman of this committee ought
not to insist longer that there shall be a
reduction.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California, on which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. THURMAN. I am paired with the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlix.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Anthony, Blair, Casserly, Cole,
Cooper, Davis of West Virginia, Kdmunds, Fenton,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan,
Kelly, Morriil of Vermont, Pomeroy, Saulsbury,
Sawyer, Stevenson, and Viekers—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Boreman, Car-
penter, Chandler. Clayton, Corbett, Ferry of Con-
necticut, Kerry of Michigan, Flanagan, Hill, Hitch-
cock, Kellogg, Lewis, Logan, Morton, Nye, Osborn,
Pool, Ramsey, Rice, Scott. Sherman, Spencer, Stew-
art, Tipton, Trumbull, and Wright—-28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Caldwell, Cameron, Conkling, Cragin, Davis
of Kentucky, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Goldthwaite,
Hamlin, Howe, Johnston, Morrill of Maine, Nor-
wood, Patterson, Pratt, Robertson, Sehurz.Sprague,
Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, AVest, Wilson, and
Windom—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now offer the follow-
ing amendment as an additional section :
That from and after the 1st day of January, A. D.
1872, the annual salaries of the Assistant Secreta-
ries, and also of the Second Comptroller, the Regis-
ter, the Auditors, the Commissioner of Customs, and
the supervising architect, of the Treasury Depart-
ment; the Assistant Postmasters General of the Post
Office Department; the superintendents of the
money orders and foreign mails ; the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, the Commissioner of
Pensions, and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
ofthe Interior Department, shall be$4,000, and such
sum as is necessary to carry into effect, the provis-
ions of this section to the end of the fiscal year end-
ing June 30,1873, is hereby appropriated out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May 1 ask the Senator
from Ohio whether this amendment has been
reported from a committee and referred to
the Committee on Appropriations?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; it is reported
from the Committee on Finance, and I had it
referred myself. I do not know whether the
Committee on Appropriations got it or not.
I desire to state precisely the effect of this
amendment, because I offer it with some re-
luctance  
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a point of
order. I ask the Chair whether that amend-
ment has been reported from a committee and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
We never heard of the amendment before, as
far as I can learn. Of course the Secretary
will know; the records will show.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator from Ohio states that he reports it from
a committee of which he is chairman 
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator was here,
I could remind him that some days ago at the
end of an executive session I moved that the
doors be opened for the purpose of allowing
me to propose an amendment to this bill, and
it was done.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I ask the Chair to
let us see the amendment which was thus
reported and referred, because we cannot find
any such amendment on our files. We have
not received any, as I understand, from the
chairman.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am not the custodian
of the files of the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Secretary is the
custodian of the files of the Senate, and the
Journal must show whether such an amend-
ment was offered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The record
shows that on the 5th of March the Senator
from Ohio gave notice that he would offer an
amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Giving notice of offer-
ing an amendment does not comply with the
rule, I respectfully submit to the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment was sent up at the time the notice was
given.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I should like to
see that amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is rather technical
when Senators around me on the Committee
on Appropriations themselves say they re-
member it. My friend behind me [Mr. Saw-
yer] remembers it. There can be no doubt
about it, because I remember it distinctly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Journal
shows that on the 5th of March, just before
the adjournment at four o'clock and forty
minutes p. m., "Mr. Sherman offered an in-
tended amendment to the bill H. R. No.
1060," which is this bill, "referred to the
Committee on Appropriations," which is in
the writing in brief of the clerk who keeps the
Journal minutes. "Intended amendment"
is the language. The Chair thinks that com-
plies with the rule which provides that—
"All amendments to general appropriation bills
reported from committees of the Senate, proposing
new items of appropriation, shall, one day before
they are offered, be referred to the Committee on
Appropriations."
Of course an "intended amendment" could
not be offered because the bill was not then up.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want no more squabble
in reference to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer this amendment
with some reluctance for this reason: although
I believe these salaries ought to be raised, I
dislike very much to offer the proposition as
an amendment to an appropriation bill, because j
I have resisted as much as any member of the !
Senate the habit of loading down the appropri-
ation bills; but this particular subject-matter
has been three times put upon an appropriation
bill by the Senate and sent to the House of
Representatives. It is to correct a glaring
injustice that has existed for a considerable
length of time, and the Senate has tried sev- I
eral times to correct it. Bills have been passed ]
separately raising the salaries of these offi- ]
cers. A bill was referred to the Committee on <
Finance in the early part of the session, as !
appears from the printed bill before me, on j
the 11th of December, it was considered by the '
Committee on Finance and reported back on j
the 19th of December, raising the salaries of j
these bureau officers. I was also directed by
the Committee on Finance, in my discretion,
to move it as an amendment to this appropria-
tion bill, and I have done it in pursuance of
notice given by me.
Mr. President, there are twenty-three officers
of this grade, all told. They are among the
highest and most important officers of the
Government. They are really the heads of
the Executive Departments, because our Gov-
ernment has grown to be so great that the
Cabinet ministers cannot do much else than
transact Cabinet business and supervise the
leading ideas of their Departments. The heads
of bureaus are substantially the executive
officers of this Government. Take the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, the
Second Comptroller, the Auditor, all these
great bureau officers control matters that affect
the interests of the people of the United
States to the amount of millions, and in some
cases tens and hundreds of millions of dollars.
They are called upon to live in this city of not
only "magnificent distances," but great ex-
penses, at a salary of $3,000 a year. This sum
is absolutely inadequate to support a family
during a good part of a year. Every Senator
knows that. It is not worth while for me to
comment on it. Some of these salaries were
fixed as early as 1817, when a dollar was worth
as much as three dollars is now. The pay of the
clerical force in the Departments of all the
other officers of Government has from time
to time been increased; but these heads of
bureaus, for some reason or other, I never
could understand why, have been left at the
old salary. Other bureaus have been created,
like those of the Comptroller of the Currency,
and the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
and many others of that kind, and the salaries
of their incumbents were fixed at a reasonable
rate at the time of the creation of the offices ;
and yet the salaries of the old bureau officers
have never been raised.
This is an inequality and injustice thatought
to be corrected. While lam opposed to load-
ing down appropriation bills, 1 think this is
one of those glaring cases of injustice that the
Senate ought to correct. The Committee on
Finance directed this amendment to be re-
ported increasing the salaries to $4,500 ayear,
but I have modified it, with the consent of such
of the members as I could see, to $4,000 a
year, adding simply $1,000 a year to the salary
of these bureau officers. There are twenty-
three of them. This involves an addition to
the annual expenditures of the Govenment
of $23,000, a sum which, in comparison with
the duties of these officers, their responsibili-
ties, and the necessity of paying them fairly, is
absolutely inconsiderable.
Why, sir, the amount saved by the Second
Comptroller in the honest discharge of his
duties "would sometimes reach a million dol-
lars in a single decision. So with the Auditors;
they pass upon all the expenses of the Gov-
ernment ; and to pay them at the rate of
$3,000 a year is simply to allow a beggarly
compensation for such duties. At the time
the salaries of these heads of bureaus were
fixed a cleik in the Departments got $700 a
year. That has now been raised to $1,200,
$1,400, $1,600, and $1,800, according to
grade ; and yet. the salary of these heads of
bureaus remains the same. It is one of those
things that ought to be corrected.
I am as much opposed to high salaries as
any member of the Senate, but when you
come to officers of this character, men fitted
to discharge these important duties, and require
them to live here year after year, without any
hope of promotion or any hope of preferment,
discharging high and responsible duties, at a
salary of $3,000 a year, it is unjust. I know
it is impossible for men like them to live in an
independent and proper way in this city on
such a salary. For this reason I, for one,
yield, from a sense of justice, to a violation
of a rule that I have so often urged upon the
Senate; that is, that we should not change
salaries or pass salary bills on an appropria-
tion bill.
I think that the Senate ought, as they have
