1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3391
MARY A. DODD.
Mr. PECK, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill (H. K. No. 2768) granting a pen-
sion to Mary A. Dodd ; which was read a first
and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place upon the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Mary A.
Dodd, widow of Matthew M. Dodd, late a car-
penter in the United States Navy, at the rate
of eight dollars per month from and after the
passage of this act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. PECK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JAMES M'MOKROW.
Mr. PECK, from the same committee, re-
ported adversely upon the petition of James
McMorrow for a pension ; and the same was
laid on the table.
AUGUSTA FOX.
Mr. PECK, from the same committee, also
reported adversely upon House bill No. 981,
granting a pension to Augusta Fox.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Peck] will allow this bill to be
recommitted. '
Mr. PECK. Very well; I will withdraw
the bill.
CODIFICATION OF PENSION LAWS.
Mr. MOORE. I now call up the bill to
revise, consolidate, and amend the laws relat-
ing to pensions.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House
resumes the consideration of House bill No.
2312, to revive, consolidate, and revise the
laws relating to pensions.
The Clerk read the following:
Sec. 9. That the widows of colored soldiers and
sailors who have died, or shall hereafter die, by
reason of wounds received, or disease contracted in
the military or naval service of the United States,
and in the line of duty, shall be entitled to receive
the pension provided by law, withoutother evidence
of marriage than satisfactory proof that the parties
were joined iu marriage by some ceremony deemed
by them obligatory, or habitually recognized cach
other as man and wife, and were so recognized by
their neighbors, and lived together as such up to the
date of enlistment, if he died in the service, or if
otherwise, to date of death ; and the children born
of any marriage so proved, shall be deemed and
held to be lawial children of such soldier or sailor:
Provided, That if the condition or residence of the
parties was such that no barrier existed to the
solemnization of the marriage, the usual evidence
shall be required : Provided furthei, That this sec-
tion shall not be applicable to any claims on account
of persons who shall have enlisted alter the passage
of this act.
Mr. MOORE. The committee have in-
structed me to move to insert after the word
" colored," in the first line of this section, the
words "or Indian."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MOORE. I move further to amend
this section by striking out the first proviso,
and also the word "further," in the second
proviso. This section provides that the rigid
proofsof marriage that are ordinarily required
shall not be required in the case' of colored
persons or Indians. The proviso states " that
if the condition or residence of the parties was
such that no barrier existed to the solemniza-
tion of the marriage the usual evidence shall
be required." It will at once be perceived
that this would impose upon the bureau the
necessity of inquiring into every particular
casp, what circumstances surrounded the par-
ties, or the laws of the State where they
resided.
Mr. HOLMAN. Would it not be proper to
apply this principle to all persons ?
• ^r- COGGER. Why does the gentleman
include.Indians in this section?
Mr. MOORE. A number of them enlisted
daring the late war, as clearly so as colored
men, and numbers of them served in regiments
and companies. A committee of these Indians
came and asked that they might have that
same provision in reference to themselves, as
the regulations in reference to marriage were
not so fixed among them as among us, and we
consented to their request.
Mr. CONGER. So far as I know the cus-
tom of marriage among Indians is as strict and
regular and well recognized as among any
people in the world.
Mr. MOORE. It is different from ours.
. ^r\ RICKEY. The ceremony is performed
in a different manner.
Mr. CONGER. But it is a civil contract,
and they regard it as such.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ARCHER. I move to amend the first
portion of this section by inserting after the
words "by reason of wounds" the words "or
injuries;" and immediately following that to
insert the words "casualties or" before the
word " disease."
Mr. MOORE. I do not know that I have
any objection to that amendment.
Mr. NIBLACK. I want to move an amend-
ment or two to a former section.
Mr. MOORE. If the gentleman will waive
that matter for the present 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The section
having been passed, it can be returned to only
by unanimous consent.
Mr. NIBLACK. I hope there will be no
objection to going back to it.
Mr. MOORE. I would prefer that the
gentleman should wait till we get through with
the bill.
Mr. NIBLACK. With that understanding
I will not press the request.
Mr. MOORE. I shall be very happy to
accommodate the gentleman by returning to
the section again.
The Clerk began the reading of the tenth
section.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. In view of
the adoption of the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Archer,] it
seems to ine a further change of language is
necessary in the ninth section.
Mr. MOORE. We have already passed that
section.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk
had commenced the reading of the next sec-
tion.
Mr. SPEER,. of Pennsylvania. Does the
gentleman understand my point?
Mr. MOORE. I understand the point; but
the section had been passed. If necessary we
can return to it hereafter.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. As the sec-
tion now stands, the word "contracted" fol-
lows the word " casualty." Does the gentle-
man object to going back?
Mr. MOORE. I do at the present time, unless
the gentleman from Pennsylvania insists.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I do not.
The tenth section was read, as follows :
Seo. 10. That if any person has died, or shall
hereafter die, leaving a widow entitled to a pension
by reason of his death, and achild or children under
sixteen years of age by such widow, and it shall bo
duly certified, under seal, by any court having pro-
bate jurisdiction, that satisfactory evidence has been
produced before such court that the widow afore-
said has abandoned the care of such child or chil-
dren, or that she is an unsuitable person, by reason
ofimmoral conduct, tohavethe custody ofthesame,
then no pension shall be allowed to such widow
until such child or children shall have attained the
age of sixteen years, any provisions of this act or of
any previous act to the contraiy notwithstanding;
and the said child or children afores-aid -j-iil be
pensioned in the same manner and from the same
date as if no widow had survived such [,arson, and
such pension shall be paid to the guardian ot such
child or children : Provided, That if in any case
payment of pension shall have been made to the
widow, the pension to the child or children shall
commence from the date to which her pension has
been paid.
Mr. HOAR. I move to amend by inserting
after the word "court," in the sixth line of
the^ section just read, the words "on due
notice." The object of this amendment is
to provide that ihe hearing shall be upon
notice. _ I may take occasion to say in this
connection that one of the principal faults in
the administration of the Pension Office to-
day is the fact that parties are frequently de-
prived of their pensions upon secret charges,
and on investigations of which the accused
party has no notice. Two or three such in-
stances have come within my knowledge.
Mr. MOORE. I will state, for the informa-
tion of my friend from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Hoar,] that in a subsequent part of the bill
ia a section covering this very thing.
Mr. HOAR. I am happy to hear that; but
I presume the gentleman will not object to my
proposition, that before the court shall be per-
mitted to find the fact as established notice
shall be given to the person charged.
There being no objection, the amendment
was agreed to.
The eleventh section was read, as follows:
Sue. 11. That if any person embraced within the
provisions of the first soction of this act has died
since the 1th day of March. 1861, or shall hereafter
die, by reason ot any wound or disease whioh, under
theconditionsand limitations of said section, would
have entitled him to an invalid pension, and has
not loft or shall not leave a widow or legitimate
child, but has loft or shall loavo otlior relative or
relatives who wore depondent upon him for support
at the date of his death, such relative or relatives
shall be entitled in the following order of prece-
dence to roccivo tho same pension as suoh person
would havo been entitled to had he been totally
disabled, to commence from the death of such per-
son, namely: first, the mother; secondly, the fnther;
thirdly, orphan brothers and sisters under sixteen
years of age, who shall be pensioned jointly : Pro-
vided, -That if in any case said porson shall have
loft father and mother who are dependent upon
him, then, on the death of tho mother, the father
shall become entitled to the pension, commencing
lrom and after the death of tho mother; and upon
the death of the mother and father, or upon tho
death of tho lather and the remarriago of the
mother, the dependent brothers and sisters under
sixteen year* of age shall jointly become entitled
to such pension until they attain the age of sixteen
years respectively, commencing from tho death or
remarriage of the party who had the prior right to
the pension: Provided, That a mother shall be as-
sumed to have been dopendentupon her son, within
the moaning of this act, if at tho date of his death
she had no other adequate means of support than
tho ordinary proceeds of her own manual labor nnd
the contributions of said son or of any other persons
not lcgully bound to aid m her support; and if, by
actual or intended contributions or in any other way,
the son had recognized his obligations to aid in sup-
port of said mother, and that a hither or a minor
brother or sistersball in like mannerand under like
conditions, be assumed to have been dependent, ex-
cept that the incomo which was derived or derivable
irom his actual or possible manual lubor shall be
taken into account in estimating a father's moans
ot independent support: Provided, That when minors
have heretofore been pensioned by reason ofany pro-
vision of law then in force, on account of the service
and death of a brother upon whom they were do-
pendent tor support, upon theiratfaining the age of
sixteen years, or upon their doath, the dependent
father shall become entitled to tho pension from the
date at which their titled ceased, if his claim bo filed
within five years from said dafe: otherwise from tho
completion of the testimony: Provided further, That
tho pension allowed to any person on account of his
or her dependence as hereinbefore provided shall
not be paid for any period during which it shall not
be necessary as a means of adequate subsistence.
Mr. HOAR. I move to amend the section
just read by inserting after the word u jointly,'1
in line sixteen, these words:
Provided, That where orphan children of the same
parents have different guardians, or a portion of
them only are under guardianship, tho share of the
joint pension to which each would be entitled shall
be paid to the guardian of each ward.
This amendment has been submitted to tbe
chairman of the committee, and has received
his approbation. As the law now stands, a
case like this may arise—indeed has arisen—
of three minor orphan children of J he same
parents, two of them are under guardianship,
being supported by a very poor relative, and
(hey need pensions; the third, having been
adopted by a relative in another Stare, declines
to have any guardian appointed, and will take
steps to obtain a pennon. This is a condition
of things very apt to happen where children
