1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4287
Mr. CHANDLER. I wish ta state that
this proposition was submitted to the Com-
mittee oil Commerce and very carefully con-
sidered. The proposition of the Senator
from Arkansas not. only increases the amount
of appreciation §30,000, but it changes the
jnethod of expending it. The Committee on
Commerce thought it advisable to leave the
expenditure of this money under the control
of the engineer department. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Arkansas compcls
the expenditure of a given sum upon each of
these different rivers. The Committee on
Commerce had no knowledge of the neces-
sities of the case, and hence while they named
all the rivers, they did not specify a given
amount to be expended upon each, but they
decided, after full consideration and listening
to counsel, to leave the amount as it was,
changing one single appropriation; that is,
naming one river upon which $50,000 was to
be expended.
Mr. RICE. I will state the object of making
these specifications. Under the originalprop-
osition eight or ten rivers are mentioned,
among which are the Missouri, Mississippi,
and Arkansas rivers. Experience shows that
the engineers would rather perform their duties
upon those rivers than go into the interior of
the country, where work is more necessary,
and expend the moneytbere. The Petit Jean,
Little lied, White, and Black rivers are in the
interior of Arkansas, and are in the cotton
distiict of the country, and it is more import-
ant to have the expenditure of the amounts
named on them, in order to enable the people
to get their cotton out, than upon the other
rivers ; and hence, in order to have the work
done according to the estimates already made
upon these rivers, it is necessary to specify
them, or else the money will all be expended
upon two or three rivers. We want the money
expended so as to benefit the people of the State
generally, and not any one particular section.
Mr. CHANDLER. Ihopethe Senator will
so amend his amendment as not to increase
the amount above the $200,000 recommended
by the committee. If the amendment is to
be adopted, I hope the amount will be reduced
to $200,000. I know nothing of these rivers
in Arkansas, as a matter of course. I never
was on either of them.
Mr. RICE. If the Senator from Louisiana
will consent to reduce the aDpropriation for
the Ouachita river in Louisiana down to
$40,000, 1 will consent to amend it in regard
to the other two, so as to bring the amount
within the $200,000.
Mr. KELLOGG. Yery well.
Mr. RICE. Then 1 move to amend by
making the appropriation for the Ouachita
river m Louisiana $40,000, the Ouachita
river in Arkansas $20,000, and the first appro-
priation named $90,000. That will make the
aggregate $200,000.
Mr. KELLOGG. I am so anxious that the
request of the chairman of the committee
should be complied with, and it is so evident
that it should be, and that we should not load
this bill down, that I will agree to that.
Although 1 dislike very much to do so, 1 sup-
pose I shall have to do so to accommodate my
friend from Arkansas.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well; then I shall
not object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the
Senator from Arkansas state his amendment
as modified?
Mr. RICE. I will send it up to the desk as
modified so as not to increase the amount of
appropriation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment as modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
The reading of the bill was continued.
The following clause, from line one hundred
and sixty to line one hundred and sixty-eight,
having been read:
For continuing the work on the canal at the falls
of the Ohio river, $300,000. And the Secretary of
War is hereby directed to report to Congress, at its
next session, or sooner, if practicable, the condition
of said canal, and the provisions necessary to relieve
the_ same from incumbrance, with a view to such
legislator) us will render the same free to commerce
at the earliest practicable period, subject only to
such tolls as mav be necessary for the superintend-
ence and lepaii thereof.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the consent of the
Senator from Michigan, I move to add these
words after line one hundred and sixty-eight:
" which shall not after the passage of this act
exceed five cents per ton."
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Senator from
Ohio, who has a special interest in this work,
although it is also a matter of general interest,
why should there be any tolls on a great public
avenue of commerce?
Mr. SHMPlMAN. It is necessary to levy
tolls—at least it has always been insisted
upon—to pay the expenses of superintendence
and repairs. That is done in regard to the
Sail It Ste. Marie canal, and I put it a little
higher on this because there is some debt and
we have to pay the interest on that. Five cents
a ton is agreed on all around.
Mr. CHANDLER. As this clause contem-
plates future legislation, I think my friend
had better await the report of the board of
engineers.
Mr. SHERMAN. I want to fix the rate of
toll from the passage of this act, and five cents
a ton is agreed upon- on all hands. It was
omitted in the House; but we want the max-
imum rate fixed now.
Mr. CHANDLER. Would it not be better
to await the report of the board of engineers
on that subject ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all. All are
agreed that five cents is ample enough to pay
the expenses of superintendence and repairs
and the interest on the debt.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not propose to make
any contest over this question now; b.ut my
idea is, and has been for a long time, that the
great products of the country should be moved
trom the place of production to the sea-board
with the least possible expense, and that pas-
sengers should pay the bulk of the cost of
maintaining the conveyance. I think that is
a sound doctrine, or even if it should not be,
the Government should not charge toll upon
its works for the transportation of the pro-
ducts of the country.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can only say that I
would be very glad to have this canal made
free, but I hope my friend will not interfere
with this matter now.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am not going to con-
test it; but I state that as my general idea of
the subject, and I hope the time will come
when it may be carried out.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I was going to raise the
point of order that this is a legislative provis-
ion.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will see
the connection, he will see that it is perfectly
germane, and the amendment is only to explain
and limit and qualify the words of the clause
in the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is a plain legislative
provision, as much so as the Iiu Ivlux bill
would be or anything else. It makes laws for
the government of the country. Instead of
providing for the expenditure of money, it
provides for the regulation of the receipt of
money by people who are carrying on a cer-
tain public work. I do not wish to be cap-
tious about these things. I only wish the ;
Senate to act understanding!?, and so I pre-
sent the point-
Mr. SHERMAN. It simply puts a limit on
what is provided in the bill. !
Mr. EDMUNDS, 1 make the point of order. 1
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair i
decides that the amendment is a legislative \
provision. j
Mr. SHERMAN. I must, of course, re- I
spectfully appeal from the decision. Here is !
a bill thaf comes to us which provides that |
the amount of toll shall not exceed the sums
necessary for the superintendence and repair
of the canal, and here is a proposition declar-
ing the maximum expenditure for that pur-
pose. It is perfectly germane to the subject-
matter. It relates to a legislative provision in
the bill. I trust the Senator from Vermont
will not embarrass the amendment. It is
simply to fix a limit beyond which this com-
merce shall not for the time, at least until a
further law is passed, be assessed to pay an
amount higher than it ought to be.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
reads the text to be " subject only to such tolls
as may be necessary for the superintendence
and repair thereof;" and the amendment is
that the tolls shall not exceed five cents per
ton. That is a legislative provision.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is simply to limit the
operation of the act.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is germane to the appropriation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then the Chair overrules
the point of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
overrules the point of order. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR. I wish to offer an amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will inform the Senator that it was agreed by
unanimous consent to proceed with the bill
and the amendments of the Committee on
Commerce first. Afterward the bill will be
open for amendments offered by Senators.
The reading will continue.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Commerce was on page 9, after line one hun-
dred and eighty-six, to add the following
clause:
For the improvement of Tones bayou, Louisiana,
320,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 9, line
one hundred and ninety-one, after the word
" for," to strike out the words " the improve-
ment of," and insert "widening and deepen-
ing the channel through Red Fish and Clop-
per's bars in and in line one hundred and
ninety-three to increase the appropriation from
$16,000 to $31,000 ; so as to make the clause
read :
For widening and deepening; the channel through
Bed Fish and Clopper's bars, in Galveston harbor,
Texa.s, $31,000.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is a clerical
error there. The committee added $25,000
to the $16,000, and that amount should be
$41,000 instead of $31,000. I ask that that
clerical error be corrected, and that the amount
be made $41,000 instead of $31,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so modified.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. With the
consent of the chairman of the committee, I
propose to change the phraseology. I move
to strike out in line one hundred and ninety-
two. after the words "Red Fish," to the end
of line one hundred and ninety-three, as fol-
lows : " and Clopper's bars, in Galveston har-
bor, Texas, $81,000," and in lieu thereof to
insert "bar in Galveston bay, $10,000; and
for the improvement of the harbor of Galves-
ton, $31,000."
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection to
that.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Commerce was on page 9, after line one hun-
dred and ninety-three, to add the following:
For the improvement of Cypress bayou, ne&s
Jefferson, Texas, $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 9, after
lineone hundred and ninety-seven, to add "for
removing the raft in Bed river, Louisiana,
$150,000."
