652
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 8,
Ho. of Reps.
Expenditures of the Government—<Mr. Beck.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
merits, and for other purposes, which failed
to pass under a suspension of the rules, prin-
cipally, I believe, because members were not
advised as to the objects and purposes of the
proposed measure, i propose to lay before
the House and the country the reasons which
influenced me in presenting it, arid to give
notice that 1 sfyall continue to urge iis passage
whenever suitable opportunity offers, being
thoroughly convinced that the public interest
imperatively demands that some such measure
shall be enacted. I also desire to invite the
fullest discussion and criticism by those who
felt it to be their duty to oppose it, that they may
be able to show reasons for their opposition,
which I have up to this time failed to appre-
ciate. I hope to be able to answer all objec-
tions to it come from what quarter they may.
I propose first to lay before the House, the pro-
ceedings on the bill, as that will show what its
contents are:
"Claima Agents and Attorneys.
"Mr. Beck. I wish to introduce a bill (H, R.
No. Ho regulate the compensation of agents arid
attorneys prosecuting Claims' or demands before
Congress or the Executive Departments of the Gov-
ernment, and tor other purposes.
"The bill, which was read, in the first section pro-
vides that Irom and alter the passage of the act no
person shall be permitted to appear or act as agent
or attorney for any individual, body politic or cor-
porate, relative to any claim or demand against the
united States, either before Congress or any com-
mittee thereof, or before any Department of the
Government, when either he or any other person
has any interest, directly or indirectly, in said claim
or demand, oi any agreement for compensation lor
services m obtaining payment of such claim or
demand, until such agent or attorney shall file with
the proper committee of Congress or the proper
officerot the Departments a statement on oath, in
writing, of the amount and character of compen-
sation which the claimant has agreed to pay lor
services iendemd relative to said claim, and no
greater sum than ihe amount thus stated shall
be collectible out of or because of services ren-
dered concerning said claim or demand. All other
and further agreements tor the payment of ad-
ditional compensation relative to the collection
ol said chum or demand shall be null and void. Jf
any money or other thing of value is paid, directly
or indirectly, by the claimant, or any one for him,
to any person or persons, beyond the amount so
filed, oi otherwise than aa stated m said paper re-
quired to bo filed as aforesaid, it may bo recovered
by any person suing for the same from the person
so receiving it, or lrom any person interested in the
payment so made by suit in any coui t of the Unitvd
States, one hall of which recovery shall be paid to
the person suing therefor, and the other half shall
be paid into the Treasury ol the United States.
And all persons directly or indirectly receiving any
compensation in excess of or otherwise than as sot
forth in sn-id statement, required to be filed as afore-
said, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and on con-
viction before any court ot the United States shall
be fined not less than $1,000, and may, in addition
thereto, be imprisoned lor any time not exceeding
one year at the discretion of the court, provided
that no allowance for compensation to agents or
attorneys shall excecd ten per cent, of the amount
ot such claim or aemand in any case whatever,
either beioro Congress or the Executive Depart-
ments of the Government, and the amount of allow-
ance, under the amount of percentage above stated,
shall bo subject to the orders of the Departments or
of the Congress allowing or ordering payment of
Such claim or demand.
"The second section provides that no officer or
clerk who has been, is, or may be employed m any
capacity whatever in any of the Departments or
bureaus ol the Government of the United States
shall, either while in such office or for two years
after his retirement therefrom, accept any employ-
ment from, render any services, or give any inform-
ation to any person, body politic or corporate,
relative to any claim against the United States or
other matter which might have come before,or have
been considered by the Department, or any officer
or bureau therein, in which he is, has been, or may
be employed; and all contracts made or to bo made
whereby money or any other thing of value is agreed
to be paid to such person, or to any one else forsuch
services, arc hereby declared null and void; and
any money which may be paid to such persou or per-
sons may be recovered by any person suing for the
same within five years after the discovery of the
fact that such payment has been made, which suit
may be brought in any court of the United States m
the name ot the United States, at the cost of the
party instituting it, one half ot the amount so re-
covered to be lor the use of the party suing1, and the
other half shall be paid into the Treasury of the
United States. Any person violating the provisions
of this bill shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and on
conviction thereof before any court of the United
States shall be fined not less than $1,000, and may
in addition thereto be imprisoned for any time not
exceeding one year, in the discretion of the court.
"The third section provides that from and after
the passage of this bill all persons filing claims
of nny kind against the United States, before any
of the Executive Departments of the Government,
shall be required to veril> the truth of the petition
on which the claim is based, and shall, unless when
official statements are made, support it by written
statements sworn to by the witnesses. No objec-
tions to the payment of such claims shall be re-
ceived by any officer of any Department otherthan
official sta tements, unless such objection is in writ-
ing. signed and sworn to by the party making it,
seiting forth distinctly the facts upon which such
objection is based. When such objection is founded
on information of others, it shall disclose the name
of the informants as well as the information. All
false statements made by any person, either to sus-
tain or defeat such claims, shall be deemed perjury
arid punished as such. All the papers pertaining to
such claims, shall be open for the inspection of the
claimant or his or her legally authorized attorney,
and any officer in any Department who refuses to
allow such examination to be made shall be guilty
of a misdemeanor in office, and on conviction may
be fined not exceeding $1,000, in the disci etion of the
court.
" Mr. Beck. I move to suspend the rules and pass
that hill.
" Mr. Bingham. I hope it will bereforred.
"Mr. Petkks. It was before the Judiciary Com-
mit ti'o and received no favor, and ought not to pass.
"Mr. Bkck.. There are just three points in the
bill. The first is 
"Mr. Perce. 1 object to debate.
'* Mr. Beck. Ido not expeetany favorfor the bill
from anybody who is a friend of the loboy thieved
u A division having been taken viva voce, the
Speaker announced that,, in his opinion, two thirds
had not voted in the affirmative.
" Mr. Beck, demanded the yeas and nays.
"The yens and nays were ordered.
"The question was taken5 and there were—yeas
70, nays 94, not voting 76."
While the bill was defeated, several encour-
aging and gratifying facts were developed.
The first was that almost the entire Demo-
cratic party sustained u. I think all would if
it could have been explained and some of the
unimportant ptovisions modified; and the
other was, that it received the support of sev-
eral of the most distinguished Republican
members, among them the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.] chairman of the Com-
mittee on the J udiciary, and of the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. Blair,] chairman of the
Committee on Claims, to which committees 1
had referred th« bill, substantially as reported
some weeks before.
I had no personal interest, of course, in its
passage; indeed, it is an unpleasant thing to
seek to pass laws which strike at the occupa-
tion of a large and influential class of men;
but no man is fit to be a Representative who
allows either private friendships or personal
interests to govern or control his action as a
public servant. I have endeavored always to
do what I believed my people, if they were
assembled here and advised of the facts, would
do, and I think I know what they would do in
this regard.
During the running debate on the 5th of
April 1 gave an outline of the reasons why
some such bill should pass, and I can only
repeat now what I said then, that to-day 110
measure, however just, can pass Congress, 110
claim however honest can be settled and paid
by any Department of the Government until
the claimant has subsidized and paid tribute
to the swarm of vampires who hang around
and pollute every approach to power. ItingB
and lobbies, almost exclusively of the extra
loyal persuasion, have their emissaries every-
where, magnifying their influence over the
authorities here, demanding and obtaining
from one half to three fourths of every claim
generally on the scandalous pretense that they
have to subsidize, or, in plain English, bribe
and buy members of Congress and heads of
Departments and bureaus before any claim
can be paid. High officials resign their places
and get enormous fees to obtain payment
often of claims they have themselves stopped
until they can extort the portion demanded. I
need not specify the cases; they are but too
well known. The letter from Giles A. Smith,
late Assistant Postmaster General, to the rail-
road managers, demanding the advance of
$1,000,000 to buy Congress, which the Senator
from Maine read in the Senate the other day,
sufficiently illustrates the way in which the
nefarious business is carried on.
It has progressed until Congress has become
a reproach and .a by-word among the people.
Men who have a decent self-respect are ahaid
to vote for the most hunest measures lor pri-
vate lehef because of the scandal which is
sure to follow-when the fact is made known
that the claimant gets only a small iraction of
the sum paid, the lobby ring having kept the
lion's share, pretending to have expended the
larger portion of it in corrupting Congress or
the Departments, as the case may be.
The first section of the bill only provides
what no honest attorney or agent can object
to—that he shall set forth the contract he has
made with his employer, when he appears be-
fore the committeesof Congress or the officers
of the Departments, and provides for his pun-
ishment if he collects money for services real
or pretended, unless he does so. -We all know
that the city of Washington is full ol men who
are making fortunes by their pretended influ-
ence with members ot Congress and Govern-
ment officials, whose votes and decisions they
profess to be able to control, and with whose
adverse influence they threaten honest claim-
ants if they fail to pay them the sums de-
manded for their active or passive influence,
as the case may i>e.
The statements of these men ate often utter
falsehoods, nearly always gross exaggerations;
but claimants, generally nervous and irritated
by the unexpected delays which the immense
preb&ure ol business public and private pro-
duces, even when men in office are using their
utmost exertions, almost always fall into the
clutches of some of these vampires, who rarely
lail to ascertain all about the business of every
stranger who makes his appearance here. That
class of men have done more 'in the last live
years, sine** claims of all sorts growing out of
the war have become both numerous and im-
portant, to bring Congress and the officials of
the Depai tment into disrepute before I he coun-
try and the world than all other causes com-
bined. They have been aided by the low order
of men who have in but too many instances
been placed in power, especially from ihe
'reconstructed States of the South, until men
of position and integrity in Congress are afraid
to advocate or vote for even just private claims,
because they know that the honest claimant
rarely gets half of the amount, the other half
being taken by lobbyists and thieves who ren-
dered in a large majority of cases no real ser-
vice, but extorted the lion's share of the money
on the pretense that they had to buy members
of Congress or the friends of members, or De-
partment officials or their parasites, in order to
obtain a favorable decision.
I need not cite particular instances to prove
or illustrate the truth of the statements 1 have
made. Every intelligent member of Congress
who has had charge of important claims has
felt the embarrassment of his position because
of the existence of these things. It is against
public policy and contrary to good morals to
allow such things to continue; and while the
effort to remove this worst of evils will raise,
as it has already raised, a howl of indignation
against men who urge this reform, I am willing
to shoulder the responsibility and endure the
reproaches, and my constituents will indorse
me in so doing. 1 am, perhaps, fortunate in
representing a district which asks nothing and
expects nothing from the Government, lrom
which there is no lobbyist, and never has
been._ My people have no jobs, no rings, no
combinations; they, are concerned only in a
just, honest, and economical administration
of public affairs, and they expect their iiepre-
