428:8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is a new
item. I should like to have some explanation
of it from the chairman or any Senator inter-
ested* in the matter.
Mr, KELLOGG. This is part of an appro-
priation- of $252,000 recommended by the
chief engineer, General Humphreys, fbr the
removal of . the raft from Bed river. ■ Before
the war, in. 1869, 1 think, the last appropria-
tion was made for that purpose, aroountingto
. something like one hundred thousand dollars.
That amount never was expended; at least, no
considerable portion of it was expended. Be-
fore that an appropriation of some fifty thou-
sand dollars, made two or three years before,
had been expended, resulting in the partial
removal.of the raft. Operations having been
suspended, and the lust appropriation of
$100,000, in 1659, not having been expended,
during the war the raft accumulated again to j
an extent quite equal to what it was before I
the first appropriation in 1856. A year ago \
last winter, at the last session of the Forty- j
First Congress, an amendment was proposed !
to the river and harbor bill, such ae appears
in this bill on pages 18 and 19, providing,
aiijong other surveys and estimates, that there
should be a survey and estimate made for the
removal of the raft in Red river.' In compli-
ance with that requirement, a sum of money
being appropriated for that purpose in com-
rnon warlike surveys and estimates provided
for in the same bill, the engineers liav« been
surveying carefully that rat'l and the adjacent)
region, and they have reported to the Secre-
tary of War in detail regarding the expediency
of removing the raft and the beneficial results
commercially that would inevitably accrue to
that region of the country directly, and indi-
rectly to the whole country.
Ah 1 have just said, the report is very elab-
orate. The engineers linully conclude that
the work of removing the rait is not at all as
great, aa it has been generally supposed in
years past, and come to the conclusion decid-
edly that the rat'l, can be removed for a smaller
proportion of the expense than it is popularly
supposed will be necessary to accomplish that
object, and they recommend.an appropriation
in the aggregate of $_y;i2,000, as 1 stated, for
the purpose ol' removing that, raft and opening
up that immense comity to commerce.
Mr. MOUIULL, of Maine. Where is that
report,'/
Mr. KELLOGG. I will furnish it to the
Senator.
Mr. MOURILL, of Maine, My attention
was called to this case because 1 do not find
the item in the estimates.
Mr. KIOLLOGG. The reason it is not in
the estimates is because Major Howell, the
engineer in charge of the improvements ol
harbors and surveys of rivers in the South-
west, was not able to finish his report and
transmit it in time to be incorporated in the
regular estimates ; but the map and the report
are here on iile in the Department and have !
been received within the last six weeks. We I
had before the committee the report, and also I
the map, and I think the committee were pretty !
wi'll satisfied that it was a meritorious case. I
This is only a part of the appropriation reeom- ;l
mended by the engineer department, but it jj
was thought it would meet all the requirements 'j
between the present time and the next session
of Congress.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Has that report
been primed?
Mr. KKLLOGG. Yes, sir.
Mr. MOiiRILL, of Maine. As we are now |
in committee, 1 will consent that this amend- 1
ment be concurred in or passed over, and I j
will raise the point in the Senate. !
Mr. CHANDLER. Let it be concurred in i
now. • 1
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well. I j
will let it go with the understanding that I '
may call attention to it in the Senate. !
The amendment was agreed to. I
The next amendment of the Committee on
Commerce was ou page 9, after line twohun-
dred and one, to add the following:
For dredging the bar at the mouth of the harbor
of Cedar Keys, Florida, $7,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 9, after
line two hundred and three, to add the follow-
ing clause:
For dredging the bar at the mouth of St. John's
rivor, Florida, $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 9, line
two hundred and seven, to increase the appro-
priation " for the improvement, of Mobile
harbor and bay, Alabama," from $50,000 to
£100,000.
The next amendment was on page 10, after
line two hundred and twenty-eight, to insert
the following item :
For the improvement of Aecotink crook, Viiginitt,
35.000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 11, after-
line two hundred and thirty-six, to add the fol-
lowing : •
For the improvement of Wo ft on harbor, Mary-
land, $12,001).
The amendment was'agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 11, after
line two hundred and forty to add the fol-
lowing:
For the improvement of jSTortheust river, Mary-
land, *10.000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was ou page 11, line
two hundred and forty-five, to strike out the
word '■ buoying" and insert " improving;" in
line two hundred and forty-six, to strike out
" at" aud insert " from and after the word
"mouth" to strikeout ''at Gibson's point,
and above;" inline two hundred and forty-
eight, to increase the appropriation from
$15,000 fc> $40,000, and after the word " dol-
lars" to insert "of which sum sufficient is to
be used for removing the rocks between
Locust street and the said bridge;" so that
the clause will read:
For clearing and improving the channel of the
Schuylkill river trom its mouth to the Chestnut
street bridfro, Philadelphia, Pentifylvani.i, S10.000,
of which sum .-.utlieien! is to be used lor removing
the rocks between hocust street and the said
bmlKc.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 11, after
line two hundred and fifty-two, to add the fol-
lowing :
For the repair of pier of the ice harbor at New
Castle, Delaware, and tor building a now pier ait said,
harbor, J|>U7,QOO.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page lii, line
three hundred, to increase the appropriation
for the improvement of Huntington harbor,
Long Islaud, New York, from $10,000 to
$22,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page'14, after
line three hundred and tweuty-five, to add the
following :
For the improvement of Edgarton harbor, Massa-
chusetts, $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 15, after
line three hundred and forty-one, to insert the
following:
For the improvement of the Upper Columbia
river, Oregon, $50,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 15, line
three hundred and fifty-four, to increase the
appropriation for improvement of Black river
harbor, Ohio, from $10,000 to $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was the section pro-
viding for examinations and surveys, section
two, line three, after the word
insert:
'namely" to
For a ship^canal from the Mississippi river, near
Fort St.Philip, to a peintnear Breton Island, in tho
(xulf of Mexico; the Karitan river, Hew Jersey, be-
low New Brunswick, including the shoals called the
Middle Ground.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line ei<*ht, tp insert "Elizabeth river, from
Staten Island sound to stone bridge crossing,
Broad street, in Elizabeth, New Jersey."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line ten, to insert "at Crow shoals, in the
Delaware bay, near the Cape May light, with
the view of making an artificial harbor or
breakwater."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line twenty-one, after the word " Port Orford"
to insert "and Coquelle river."
The amendment was agreed to.
, The next amendment was in section two, line
twenty-two, to insert "at Oakland channel,
San Francisco bay, California."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
page 17, line twenty-four, after "Nomini
creek" to insert " Urbanna creeK."
The amendment was agreed to.
- The next amendment was in- section two,
line twenty-seven, to insert " for the survey
of a ship-canal route between the Chesapeake
bay and the Delaware bay."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line thirty-one, to insert "harbor at Drum
point and the mouth of Patuxent riVer, Mary-
land ; Crumptou harbor, in Chester river,
Maryland."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two, line
fifty-six, to insert " for survey of canal from
Tennessee river to Coosa river, Alabama."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seventy-
four of section two, to insert "for the survey
of Hcemlrill, or Lewes creek, near Lewistown,
in the State of Delaware."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seventy-
six of section two, before the word "survey,"
to strike out the word "and" and insert the
words "for the."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add to the bill
the following proviso:
Provirtpd, That to enable the Secretary of "War to
comply with tho provisions of this act, so much of
tho.sixth section of the act approved March S, 1869.
entitled "An act making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending June 30,1870,
and tor other purposes," as applies to the engineer
department, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is a mat-
ter of legislation in the bill, and purports to
repeal a section of an act. Does the commit-
tee intend it as such?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir. We find that
we require a larger engineering force to carry
out the provisions of this act than can be sup-
plied by the Department under the law heie
referred to, and therefore we propose to re-
peal it in order to carry out the provisions of
this act. This will add two or three officers
to the engineer corps, and they are necessary
in the Corps.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It will add a
great, deal. It changes the law on the entire
subject of promotions. I suggest to my hon-
orable friend that it is more extensive a great
deal than he states. It touches the whole
question of promotions, and it ought not, to
be considered on this bill. As a reason why
it is not necessary, I would suggest that there
is a bill already on our table from the House
regulating this question of promotions, which
