1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
will be acted on and will be ample for the
purpose tlie Senator desires.
Mr. CHANDLER. The committee of the
House concurred with the committee of the
Senate that it is necessary that this should
be done in order to carry out the provisions
of the bill. It is germane to the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not think
it is allowable. I raise the question of order.
Mr. CHANDLER. They have not engin-
eers enough, and this will add not more than
three or four at the outside.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
boy.) The Senator from Maine will state the
point of order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That it is legis-
lation and not within the rules. It is new
legislation, and on its face specifically repeals
a law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. • It is legis-
lation undoubtedly. The last clause of the
rule to which the Senator refers is :
"And no amendment to any such bill making legis-
lative provisions, other than such as directly relate
to the appropriations contained in the bill, shall be
received."
The Chair thinks this is a little too remote,
repealing an existing law. The Chair thinks
it cannot be received under the restrictive rule.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Of course it
cannot.
Mr. CHANDLER. I shall have to appeal
from the decision of the Chair in this case, for
it is absolutely germane to the bill. It is a
provision to enable the department to increase
its force. I hope the Senate will decide that
this is germane to the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire of the
Chair whether the ruling is made under the
thirtieth rule.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ruling
is made under the restrictive rule which was
this morning made applicable to this bill by a
unanimous vote, and not under the thirtieth
rule?
Mr. CONKLING. That I was not aware
of. Does the restrictive rule, made appli-
cable this morning to this bill, go back in its
application to days ago, when the committee
reported this bill? On the contrary, I remind
the Chair that the other day when the Senate
by a vote made that restrictive rule appli-
cable to a bill, the Morrill amendment, as it
was called, which was legislation, being then
pending, having been offered previously,
although not leported by a committee, the
Chair and the Senate held that the application
of the rule could not be retroactive and could
not embrace that. Now, the chairman of the
Committee on Commerce several days ago
reported this bill with this amendment, and I
submit to the Chair that the rule having been
adopted this morning—I say adopted, because
as to this bill, as the Chair has previously
ruled, that was its first adoption, this not
being a general appropriation bill—cannot go
back and oust the committee of the jurisdic-
tion and right to report this amendment.
I am speaking not in the interest of the
amendment, because I know the Chair has
ruled without any reference to that on the
simple question of order; but I beg to call
the attention of the Chair to that considera-
tion, which I think the Chair must have
overlooked.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will not argue the point of order, but willstate
it. This rule was by unanimous consent, or a
unanimous vote, made, applicable to this bill
and the amendments thereto this morning.
The language was that it should be applicable
during the consideration of the bill. The
case to which the Senator refers, which was
excepted out of the rule, the Morrill amend-
ment, was upon a motion to reconsider, the
action having been had before the rule was
made applicable to the bill.
Mr. SCOTT. The rule was not confined to
general appropriation bills. The language of
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 269.
fiie rule is, ''that during the present session
it shall be in order at any time to move a
recess, and pending an appropriation bill"—
this is an appropriation bill; not what is
termed a general appropriation bill, and there-
fore the rule was applicable to all appropria-
tion bills that were to be considered after the
adoption of the rule.
Mr. CONKLING. I remind my friend that
would hardly do in the face of the previous
ruling of the Chair, which I think was right,
that in respect to this rule this was not to be
treated as one of the appropriation bills.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Chair was led into
that mistake by the Senator from Michigan.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will remind the Senator from Pennsylvania
that the thirtieth rule requires that every gen-
eral appropriation bill shall be referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and this bill
has never been referred to that, committee.
The Chair therefore construed this not to be
one of the general appropriation bills named in
the rule.
Mr. CONKLING. The Chair is right in
that. That ruling was made, and no exception
was taken to it. Assuming that ruling to be
right, as I believe it is, then I remind the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania that this restrictive
rule speaking of appropriation bills obtains
first in regard to this bill, as the Chair has
stated, by the vote of the Senate this morning.
Then the simple question is whether it can
go back and cut out amendments which were
reported before there was any such rule appli-
cable to this bill, and that statement is a very
rangy interpretation of the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator appeal from the decision of the Chair 1
Mr. CONKLING. I do not appeal.
Mr. CHANDLER. I appealed.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgment of the Senate?
Mr. SHERMAN. On that I have a word
to say. The appropriation bills that go to the
Committee on Appropriations are specifically
provided for as annual general appropriations;
but the rule read by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania is much broader. That not only ap-
plies to annual general appropriation bills but
to " au appropriation bill." This is an appro-
priation bill, but it is not one of the annual
general appropriation bills for the service of
the Government. On the contrary, this bill is
only reported once in two years, sometimes
once in four years. It is not an annual appro-
priation bill. The distinction is made between
this appropriation bill and the general annual
appropriation bills which go to the Committee
on Appropriations. The Committee on Ap-
propriations take charge of the general annual
appropriation bills for the current expenses of
the Government: and never has the river and
harbor bill, which is in the nature of a general
appropriation bill for riversand harbors, gone
to them. In my judgment the rule read by ihe
Senator from Pennsi lvania applies to this bill.
When the Senator from Michigan rose this
morning and asked the extension of the rule
to this bill I remarked in my place here that
the rule already applied to this bill; but there
was said to be some doubt about it, and the
Chair put the question, and by general con-
sent it was made applicable.
Aside from that, this amendment ought not
to be put on here because it involves a very
delicate and very difficult subject, the grada-
tion of rank in the Ariny and adding to the
engineer corps twelve othcers of the Army.
That is the effect of it, and it is a very delicate
subject for us to approach by an amendment
to an appropriation bill.
Mr. SOOTT. Allow me to -call attention to
the difference between the first clause of this
rule and the closing clause. The first clause
provides that "during the present session it
shall be in order at any time to move a recess;
and pending an appropriation bill to move to
confine debate on amendments thereto to five
minutes by anySenatoron thepending motion,
and such motions shall be decided without de-
bate," Under the first clause of the rule it
requires a motion either to obtains recess or to
confinedebate on amendments to five minutes.
There must be a motion made before either of
these things can, be had, either the recess or
the confining of debate to five minutes. But
then the last clause of the rule is absolute:
"and no amendment to any such bill making
legislative provisions, other than such as
directly relate to the appropriations contained
in this bill, shall be received." It does not
require a motion to make that part of the rule
applicable to this bill. It was applicable to it
the moment the rule was adopted; and there-
fore I make the point I do, that this being an
appropriation bill, no matter whether a gen-
eral bill or not, the last clause of the rule was
applicable from the time the rule was adopted.
It did not require a motion tp make it appli-
cable ; only the other two points require mo-
tions to make them applicable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the Senate?
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope it will not be
sustained.
Mr. STOCKTON. Let the decision of the
Chair be precisely stated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator has bis eye on the last amendment,
the proviso on the last page repealing a law,
he will see that the Chair decides the ques-
tion upon these words in the restrictive rule:
"and no amendment to any such bill making
legislative provisions other than such as di-
rectly relate to the appropriations contained
in the bill shall be received." Upon a point
of order being made, the Chair sustains the
point that this being general legislation repeal-
ing an act of Congress cannot be received as an
amendment to the bill. An appeal is taken ;
and the question is, Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the Senate?
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the attention of
the Senate for a moment in reply to the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania. Let me say, in the
first place, that there is no such thiug as an
annual appropriation bill.' I heard some Sen-
ators speaking of that yesterday. The Con-
stitution permits appropriations to be made
for two years. It is a mere practice by which
you annually pass appropriation bills. They
are unknown to the Constitution and unknown
in the lules, so far as I understand. What is
known in the rules? "General appropriation
bills." Isthisa " general appropriation bill?"
if it is, the rule applied to it all the time; if
it is not, the rule did not apply to it. Now
let us see. The thirtieth rule is:
" No amendment proposing additional appropri-
ations shall be received to any general appropria-
tion bit! unless it be m<nle to carry out the provis-
ions of some existing law, or some act or resolution
previously passed by the Senate during that session,
or moved by direction of a standing or select com-
mittee ol' the Henate, or in pursuance of an estimate
fiom the head of some ot the departments : andno
amendment shall be received whose object is to pro-
vide for a private claim, unless it be to carry out
the provisions of an existing law or a treaty stipu-
lation.
"Ail amendments to general appropriations bills
reported from committees of the jSenate, proposing
new items of appiopriation, silail, one day before
they are offered, be reteired to the Committee on
Appropriations; and all general appropriation bills
shall be referred to the said committee."
As the Chair has stated with great clearness,
and as my honorable friend from Pennsylvania
could not deny, construing this rule together,
the bill before us is not a general appropriation
bill. Why? First, because if it were, it must
go to the Committee on Appropriations. Sec-
ond, because if it were, amendments offered to
it must go to that committee. The practice
of the Senate denies both these propositions ;
the decision of the Chair denies them, and
everybody has acquiesced in that decision—a
decision announced not beyond half an hour
or three quarters of an hour ago. Therefore, -
