1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1601
and lie asked me to let it lie until the question
came up in reference to increasing the pay of
other officers, and I did so.
I am satisfied the Senator from Ohio does
not understand the workings of this depart-
ment. He says this officer is like one hundred
and fifty other clerks in the Departments. He
is unlike any other officer in the Departments
except the heads of bureaus. I know it is
generally understood that the Committee on
Appropriations and the Committee on Finance
understand all about these things, and I pre-
sume they do; at least they ought to do so ;
but when the Senator from Ohio calls this a
mere clerkship, I see he does not understand
the operation and working of this bureau.
What are the functions of our bureaus?
They expend money; they approve bills; they
make appointments; they regulate all the
affairs coming within certain particular limits.
A great many who have not examined this
marine hospital service think that perhaps it
amounts to nothing. It amounts to a great
many hundred thousand dollars in a year.
This officer has t<5 make all the contracts, has
to approve all the accounts, has to examine
all the hospitals all over the United States,
and I will say to the Senator from Ohio that
there were more frauds committed in the hos-
pital service accordiag to the amount of money
appropriated for carrying it on than in almost
any service in the United States while it was
run as formerly, by merely having a clerk at
the head of it. All that has been thoroughly
changed. You are appropriating money for
marine hospitals, for building them in all the
cities of the United States near the oceans or
great rivers; you must have a man to super-
vise that whole serviee._ Do you call him a
clerk? I know the chief of that particular
business here. There is not a finer surgeon
in the United States to-day. -He is a man
who can make four times the money in his
practice. He was called to this position be-
cause of his ability as a physician and surgeon.
He was recommended by the scientific men
of the country. He was a professor in a med-
ical university. He took the place as the head
of a bureau, as he understood it; and the Sec-
retary of the Treasury understands it to-day
to be a bureau, although not designated in law
as such. I say to you that the service that this
officer performs is as important to this coun-
try as that of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue in detecting frauds and protecting
the Treasury of the United States.
It does seem to me that when a position of
this kind is occupied by a man entitled to
credit, at least for his ability and capacity, and
for what he has done in reorganizing this ser-
vice, he ought to have his salary increased as
well as any other bureau officer, because that
is what he is. I shall offer an amendment to
the Senator's amendment increasing his salary
to the same amount with the other heads of
the bureaus.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from South Carolina is now
pending.
Mr. SAWYER. I understood the Senator
from Ohio to accept that amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. But the original
amendment was offered by authority of the
Committee on Finance; and therefore he can-
not accept an amendment to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The important question
now, the broad question, is whether we shall
enter at the end of this bill on the question of
readjusting the salaries of officers of the civil
department of the Government; because, un-
less we are disposed to do glaring injustice and
to base our action upon mere favoritism or
mere lobbying, we cannot stop at the precise
spot where the honorable Senator from Ohio
has stopped, but we must take up every other
case that is presented or that we can think of
where justice may seem to require it and read-
just these salaries. It will not do to say yes I
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 101.
to the Second Comptroller of the Treasury, be-
cause he is an eminent man and our friend,
and a skillful and faithful officer, and to say
no to the Commissioner of Education, or say
no to the superintendent of marine hospitals,
one of the most valuable and efficient officers
in the Government, of very large responsibil-
ity. It will not do to say no to the Commis-
sioner of Agriculture ; it will not do to say
no to twenty other officers whose names I
have marked here, that we must consider if
we consider these. We have already by the
assent of the Senate refused to increase the
salaries of sundry officers of the Government
upon the ground that we would confine this
bill, so far as increasing went at any rate,
to providing the salaries already fixed by law,
and we have refused to increase the salaries
of sundry officers in the assay office at New
York, which were plainly just in themselves,
and which we cannot justly refuse now to
increase if we are to go into the subject of
increasing salaries of important officials on
this bill.
We must therefore, if we entertain this
amendment at all, add to it amendment after
amendment, each one of which may commend
itself to the judgment and justice of the Sen-
ate, so as, if we are to dispose of this subject,
to dispose of it justly to all. You cannot stop
at the mere whim of my honorable friend from
Ohio and say that his committee shall pick out
fifteen or twenty gentlemen, and that their sal-
aries shall be raised, leaving unprovided for
a great number of other gentlemen equally
worthy, equally meritorious, and equally in
need of further compensation from their point
of view and from the point of view of those
who know what the duties they have to per-
form are. We are only, to use a homely ex-
pression, by taking this step, jumping out of a
small inequality that may now exist, where
two or three officers are above the general
level, by putting up a dozen or two more and
leaving thirty or forty others still unprovided
for, making complaint and heart-burning and
a just feeling of resentment and injustice much
broader than it is now.
The very amendment that is offered now is
really a bill reported by the Committee on
Finance to regulate these salaries. Why does
not the honorable Senator from Ohio and his
committee, who always command the attention
of the Seriate in taking up any bill they please,
call up this bill and let us consider the subject
of salaries upon its own basis, and upon its
own merits, and not undertake, by way of
amendment to an appropriation bill, to pro-
vide for a couple of dozen of favorites, or a
couple of dozen of people who deserve justice
and whose eases have been specially pressed
upon Senators, leaving everybody else who has
not devoted his time to lobbying and log-roll-
ing us, but has devoted his time to the per-
formance of his public duties, unprovided for?
No, Mr. President, this course of action will
not do. If we are to act upon this subject at
all, we must act upon it in a catholic and gen-
erous spirit; we must go into every Depart-
ment, and if we find a man whose compensa-
tion is only $1,200, and he is a mere clerk,
he is entitled to have it raised, and we must
raise it, because the fact that a man occupies
an humble position is no ground why he should
not have equal justice here; if his salary is too
low, we must raise it; and therefore it will not
do in justice or in honor to say that we will
select eminent officials as the recipients of our
favor and our justice, and we will turn our
backs upon the small men and the humble
men who have not the influence or the time
to approach us. We must look through it all;
we must consider it all; we must equalize all,
for in that way only can we do justice to all.
This is so obvious that I should hope that
the Senate would adhere to the determination
it has hitherto expressed in acting upon this
bill, and not entertain these amendments at
all. I shall be glad, if the honorable Senator
thinks fit to bring it forward tho moment this
bill is over, or in a day or two, when we can
look through these various branches of the
public service, to take up his bill, if he thinks
it a wise thing to do, and to consider it, extend
it, amend it, equalize it, so as to do justice to
everybody; but it is evident that we cannot,
without a waste of time, in this iudirect, inci-
dental way, do this justice. Therefore, Mr.
President, I am going to move—it may be inef-
fectual, but my responsibility will have been'
discharged—in order to test the sense of the
Senate on the subject of going into this class-
ification of salaries now, to lay this amend-
ment on the table. I make that motion.
Mr. LOGAN. I should like the honorable
Senator to withdraw that motion for a moment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Perhaps I ought to yield
to the Senator from Ohio, rather, if he wishes
to say anything.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think if the debate on
the amendment is to be closed, I ought to
claim the right to be heard.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If we go into debate as
to particulars we must all have a fair chance
and treat each case on its merits. My object
in making the motion is not to embarrass any-
body, but to test the sense of the Senate about
going into the subject at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to a
vote on that motion.
Mr. POMEROY. I inquire of the Chair
whether a motion to lay the amendment on
the table carries both amendments?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to lay both the
amendment to the amendment and the amend-
ment itself on the table.
Mr. POMEROY. Is it in order to move to
lay two amendments on the table at the same
time ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is—the whole subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ment to the amendment could not be pend-
ing unless the amendment was pen-ding. They
are therefore both pending amendments. No
doubt the amendment to the amendment could
be laid on the table separately; but the Sen-
ator from Vermont includes both, exactly as
a bill and pending amendment may be laid on
the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us have the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Ames,- Blair, Boreman, Cole,
Cooper, Davis of "West Virginia, Edmunds, Ferry
of Connecticut, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton of Texas, Hitchcock, Kelly, Pomeroy,
Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sprague, Stevenson, Tipton,
Vickers. Windom, and Wright—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn,Carpenter,Chandler, Clay-
ton, Corbett, Fenton, Perry of Michigan, Flanagan,
Harlan, Hill, Kellogg, Lewis, Logan,Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Pool, Ramsey, Rice,
Scott, Sherman, and West—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Casserly, Conk-
ling, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Frelinghuysen,
Groldtliwaite, Hamlin, Howe, Johnston, Morrill of
Maine, Norwood, Patterson, Pratt, Robertson,
Schurz, Spencer, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, 'Xhur-
man, Trumbull, and Wilson—23.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
South Carolina to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, to insert the " Commissioner
of Education."
Mr. CARPENTER. Is it in order to move
to lay that on the table ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. CARPENTER. I make that motion,
and ask for the yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. . The Senator
from Wisconsin moves to lay the amendment
to the amendment on the table. That em-
braces the Commissioner of Education alone,
and the Senator demands the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 22 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Blair, Boreman, Carpenter, Cole,
