1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$53
12d Cong....2d Sess.
The District of Columbia—Mr. Chipman,
Ho. of Reps.
sentativc to demand and urge that by every I
proper means. * !|
The passage of the law I propose would i!
render f-11 eh extortions as the exaction of j]
$125,U00 by James G. Blount as a fee. of i
less than ^300 001) paid to an Indian tribe for j
pretended services impossible, or n $200,000 i
fee in the celebrated Chorpentiing case, or i
such combinations for division ot proceeds as i
we are told exKt in the effort to obtain the |
$70 000 000 ot cotton tax, or in dozens of j
oiher familiar cases I might mention. My j
desire is to allow and encourage the employ-
ment. and ample payment cf acknowledged
agents and attorneys, to present and openly
advocate the claims of their employers, to pre-
pare the cases, come before the committees
and Departments as they do before the courts,
avow their employment, and make the best
presentation oi the case they can. Congress
and the Departments will be enlightened and
prepared to decide intelligently by such a
course. But I would banish and puni h all
sneaks, lobbyists, and bummers, who work
in the dark, give no aid in enlightening the
judgment of the tribunal which passes on the
claim, but bring discredit and disrepute oil
all concerned in its decision, however honest
or honorable the party deciding may be. There-
fore it was that 1 provided lhat all money ob-
obiained by ihat class of men might be recov-
ered brfck by their victims at any time in live
years, and provided for personal punishment
for violation ot the law besides. J Care noth
ing about the details of the bill, they may be
emendedto suitOongress ; the principlesought
to be established I know is a good one, and 1
shall continue to uige it while 1 remain a
member of this House.
The provisions of section two of the bill
seem to me indispensable to the security alike
of th1 Government and the honest claimant.
It is perfectly monstrous to put it in the power
of officials to manipulate the records of the
Department in which they are employed, and
when that is done to suit them, allow them to
retire and at once become the attorneys for or
against parties whose cases they have as offi-
cers put in shape to pass or defeat as it is
made their interest to do one thing or jhe
other. The example furnished by an Assist-
ant Secretary of the Treasury who resigned
and made a fortune by extorting fabulous sums
as fees from coiton and other claimants in
order to obtain payments which should never
have been withheld, is too notorious to need
a detailed statement. The resignation of an
Assistant Postmaster General and his employ-
ment in the celebrated Chen-penning case is
equally well known ; while the exhibit made in
the Senate by a Senator from Maine of the
infamous proposition of another retired Assist-
ant. Postmaster General to the railroad presi-
dents for $1,000,000 as a compensation and
corruption fund in order to procure an in-
crease of their compensation for mail service,
renders it unnecessary to say more in sup-
port of the most stringent legislation against
the abuses practiced by the Government offi-
cials.
The third section seems to me so obviously
right, that 1 confess I was astonished to find
leading Republicans opposed to it. No man
can siand before the people of the country and
oppose it, and 1 doubt whether any man will
rusk his reputation by opposing ft on this floor.
It only requires men who present, and those
who oppose claims to verily iheir demands
or their object ions under the legai responsibility
for tiilne statements, and requires all officiats
to allow claimants to see what obstacles are
interposed to the payment of their demands.
What honest man can object to any of these
things? As I said when 1 presented the bill, I
do not expect any support from the fiiends of
the lobby thieves. This is their great field ;
it is here where, under existing regulations, not
to say laws—for there are no laws allowing the
present infamous and corrupt practices—that
they batten and fatten on the unfortunate
suppliants at the feet of official arrogance and
power.
'lhe most honest man in the country may
present the most meritorious claim to any
lixec-utive Department of this Government;
he may have it prepared by the best lawyer, in
strict accordance with the most technical forms,
and he cannot get a dollar paid on it if the
most dishonest and corrupt scoundrel iu the
land, for the purpose of levying black mail
upon him, whispers in the ear of the official
who has the power to pay or refuse payment
as he pleases, that the claimant is disloyal, or
makes any other suggestion be chooses ; the
claim is at once suspended, and the claimant
is not allowed to know either what the obsta-
cle is which is interposed or who interposed it.
Ought such things to be possible under a
Governmentof law? Would it be tolerated in
any respectable despotism ? If the transac-
tions to which this system relates were small
or insignificant it might be overlooked, -but
they embrace hundreds of millions of dollars,
covering all the claims against the Treasury,
War, Navy, and other Departments of the
Government. In the Treasury they are im-
mense, and I have just shown that m the War
Department alone the proceeds ot sales of
property which are all subject to claims and
are used as the officials see tit. to pay such as
they choose, upon such terms as they please,
amount to over one hundred and thiriy two
million dollars, in five bureaus, while the
proceeds of sale of over four hundred and fifty
ships are held and used in like manner by the
Navy Department. All these immense sums are
disposed of by no fixed law. The justice or
injustice of the claim is not relied ou at alt as
the test of whether it shall be paid or rejected.
It is the influence which can be brought to
bear on the officials and their retainers to pay
such as the lobbyists have arranged for the divis-
ion of satisfactorily, or to rejector indefinitely
postpone others however meritorious until
satisfactory arrangements can be made with
the claimant to pay the desired portion of it
to the lobby ring before it is allowed to pass.
If gentlemen will read the testimony of Mr.
Hosmer, and of 8. P. Brown, taken before a
committee of this House, in the investigation
recently had rela ive to certain acts of the
Secretary of the Navy, they will get a glimpse,
and a glimpse merely, of the way these things
are managed, but they will see very clearly
$26,000 ont of $52,000 obtained in thecase
of the Governor stuck iu the hands ot that
ring lor their influence ; and if they want fur
ther light they need only read the Secor case
to see 593,000 of the people's money paid
not only in palpable violation of law, after the
claimants had been paid in full under a spe-
cial act by a former Administration, which,
according to the decisions of all the Attorney
Generals and the sworn testimony of Secretaiy
Welles, was a finality, but it was so flagrantly
wrong that even the Republican Committee on
Naval Affairs of the Senate had to report on
it thus, at the time :
"On the 13th of July, 1808, an act was passed
directing the payment of tiiose auiiiounts to these
parties"—
Referring to the case of Secor & Co. and
Perine, Secor & Co.—
" by which net it was declared that these payments
should be ' in lull discharge of ait claims agani.-t tne
United Statesun account of the rebels upon which
the board made the nlmwinee. as per tneir report,
under the act ot March 2. 180,.
"Under the stress of an overpowering necessity,
as they .iflrge, these parties reeen i-il those amounts.
That in law such receipt is a complete bar to alt
further recourse, cannot be denied.
Yet even the repayment of this is not deemed
censurable by the committee ot the House
whose report has just been laid upon our
tables.
These are merely specimens. I have no
sort, of doubt, if the list of claims paid by the
different Departments of the Government in
the last few years were furnished, as they ought
to be, simply with the names of the claimants
and the amounts paid.it would be ascertain-d
that in "almost every instance one trait' of all
payments made have been retained by the
"rings" which iufest. the Caoitol. 1 am not,
as I said before, charging individual corrup-
tion on any officials ; I have not the proof on
which to do it, and 1 am glad I have not; but
I charge that the present system is rotten and
corrupt, and that it is kept up and maintained
to promote the vilest and basest system of
political and personal servility and corruption
everpracticedupon earth. The magnitude and
extent of it can only be guessed at by lookiug
at the vast sums under private partisan con-
trol, to be disposed of without responsibility
anywhere unless Congress has the courage and
the integrity to stifle it before it debauches
and overthrows even lhe power of Congress
itself. That, in brief, is lhe reason why I said
resistance would be made at every point to
the reforms I was urging by every friend of
the lobby thieves on this floor.
In view of all thes>  things I close by repeat-
ing that it is uiter folly even for the distin-
guished chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means to try by table-ifixed up to conceal
the truth, intended perhaps to deceive him,
to seek to convince intelligent men that either
frugality or economy forms any element of the
present Republican administration of public
affairs.
The District of Colombia.
SPEECH OF HON. N. P. CHIPMAN,
of tub di&tkict of columbia,
Is the Ho est: op Representatives,
May 27, 1872.
Xhe memorial of certain residents aad tax-payers
of the District of Columbia-, complaining of alleged
extravagance in the government of the District,
having been referred, to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, a majority and minority report
were submitted. Mr. Roosevelt, who bad signed
the minority report condemning the acts of the
District government, obtained leave to print some
remarks in favor of the resolution recommended by
the minority.
Mr. CHIPMAN obtained leave to print
the following remarks iu reply to Mr. Roose-
velt :
I had thought that upon the majority and
minority reports upon the testimony produced
before the investigating committee into the
affaiis of the District of Columbia the judg-
ment of Congress might be based, andthat there
would be no further occasion for incumbering
the records of the Government in t his matter;
but the very extraordinary, and 1 think unne-
cessary. speech of my colleague on the com-
mittee [Mr. Roosevelt] compels me to go at
some length into the merits of the case, and
particularly to notice the glaring errors into
which he has fallen and would lead toe House,
and to vindicate the officers of the District gov-
ernment from the gratuitous and unwarranted
assault which he makes upon them. 1 can
understand how men may differ iu their com lu-
siotts upon a given state of facts. 1 c^n also
understand how men may differ as to what the
facts are in a record of seven hundred and
tittv pages; but I cannot understand how a
person who pretends to sit judiciatiy can de-
liberately write out a speech such as my col-
league's. It is remarkable throughout, as well
for its suppression of important facts, as for
its statement of untruths. The committee of
