2498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
in deference to a suggestion from another Sen-
ator that military officers had an indeterm-
inate tenure. Take it either way. We are
asked to select a class of men superior in ten-
ure to all others. How superior? In conse-
quence of any exaction resting upon them to
continue for one hour their official services?
No, sir; they are as free as possible at any
moment to lay down their office, to resign it,
to choose any other field of human industry
or human effort; but in their behalf, for their
benefit, beginning and ending with their option,
the opportunity rests with them to continue
during good behavior the emoluments of their
office. Does that, let me ask—because I am
not going to argue—can that, when addressed
to any fair mind, select preferentially these
officers to receive a benefit withheld from all
others? Why, Mr. President, how; by what
process of reasoning? Here are men who
have grown old in the Departments, the crea-
tures of an hour, liable to be dismissed at the
caprice, if you please, or upon the judgment
of a superior, liable at any time to be turned
out penniless, having drudged for little pay
during long years; will any Senator tell me
why they ought not to be pensioned as much
as judges? I know the other argument, which
I will come to in a moment, that we have a
motive in getting rid of judges.
But let me remind my honorable friend from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe,] who gives me his
attention again, that I am considering this bill
at this moment in the aspect of a pension pro-
vision; and I ask him to tell me why a judge
having always received higher honors than
most other men in official place, having a life
tenure, which he was always at liberty to re-
linquish in a moment, when age, disability,
deprivation of office overtake him, should
receive what no other officer in the Govern-
ment receives, namely, a continuation of
emolument, and a continuation for life? I
cannot understand it.
But, sir, it is said that judges becoming dis-
abled, " permanently disabled," in the lan-
guage of the law, must be bribed, for that
word (I hope it is not offensive) is the only
exact word to express the idea, to remove
themselves as an incumbrance upon the
bench. If I had said that, I should have
deemed myself guilty of a severe reflection
upon the profession to which I belong, and to
the flower of that profession which, in theory,
is preferred for judicial place. Is that true,
that a man in the front rank of his profession,
selected over all others as the most appropri-
ate person to wear the ermine of the Supreme
Court or of some other high judicial tribunal,
when the time has come that good behavior,
in a legal sense, can no longer continue, when
the time has come that he is stone deaf, for
example, and unable to discharge his duties,
will not vacate the bench, but will continue
by mere force to occupy a place in name, for
the sake of appropriating the salary of the
office, the functions of which he is entirely
unable longer to discharge? I should not like
to say that, Mr. President. I do not like to
adopt it as one of the grounds upon which I
am going to vote.
But the honorable Senator from Ohio says,
is it not right that a man who has performed
great service, long service, and become dis-
abled, should have something to resort to in
the future? No, sir; that is not right in the
length and the breadth of that Senator's state-
ment.
Mr. THURMAN. What I said was that
the judge would think so.
Mr. CONKLING. My honorable friend
has been a judge, and I inferred from what he
said he was the judge who thought so. I deny
it, and I deny it for reasons embodied in all
our laws, and accepted as jnst considerations
when applied to the men who have gone out
upon the burning battle-fields of the war and
come back hopelessly disabled. What lias ,
been thought iu their case enough ? Some [
fraction of the pay which in health and action
they received; a meager portion of that pay.
What else has been thought enough in their
case? To give them partial compensation for
wounds and disabilities received in and in con-
sequence of their service. And how often do
we hear from the Committee on Pensions an
adverse report premised by the statement that
the evidence was not strong enough to con-
vince the committee that the disability, the
disease, the calamity which overtook the
claimant was in consequence of his military
service, and came upon him while he per-
formed that service. Therefore, when the Sen-
ator puts a case of the incumbent of an office
who, from the lapse of time, who from the
approach of age, who from the continuance of
that process of decay which we are all under-
going, comes to a time when he can no ionger
discharge the duties of his place and render
the equivalent which in law and in morals he
is bound to render for the pay he receives, I
deny that in that case he is entitled to receive
the measure of compensation which would be
full if he had continued to render the service.
But, Mr. President, I need not to have de-
nied this for the purpose of this present argu-
ment, because we have provided already for
that case. When a judge reaches the age of
three-score years and ten, although he may
have served but ten years, we commit to his
option alone the question whether he will con-
tinue on the bench, or, retiring from it, shall
have for life the whole emoluments of his
office. Is not that enough upon that view of
the case ?
But the Senator from Ohio says no; and
now I come to the precise question put me
by my honorable friend from Wisconsin, who
says cases may occur of some judge running
mad or encountering some other disabling
affliction in which the public and the suitors
have an interest in dispensing with a judge
who has not yet attained the age of seventy
years and has not performed service for ten
years. Yes, Mr. President, we know that in
the course c>f Providence such things occur.
Such a thing occurred in Texas. A judge
was lying upon a bed of sickness, paralyzed.
Was there any difficulty in disposing of the
case? Not at all. Congress passed a law
adapted to that case, taking note of the ex-
ceptional hardship of it, and paying Judge
Watrous his salary in continuance, but pro-
viding for another judge. Does anybody feel
that in respect of taste, in respect of the way
in which Judge Watrous himself might regard
it, there was less decorum, less fitness, less
comity in a law directed especially to that
case, than there would have been in the appli-
cation of a general law spreading over many
non-existing cases?
What, then, is the objection in any instance
such as the honorable Senator from Wiscon-
sin suggests to me, of legislating to meet that
case, and what argument can be derived from
the occasional occurrence of such cases broad
enough to vindicate an act which on the very
face of it contemplates its abuse? Why, sir,
look at the two provisions in this bill: first,
that it shall operate when the President has
become satisfied that the incumbent is perma-
nently disabled; and second, divided from it
by only two or three lines, that whenever this
incumbent thus permanently disabled accepts
from the State or nation some other office of
emolument o'r trust, this_ life pension shall
cease. I think the provision should be there ;
but I think it "points a moral and adorns a
tale" as it stands in the hill.
The President is to be satisfied that some
man is permanently disabled. Deafness over-
takes him, winch is rather occult in its causes,
I am told, and rather difficult to foretell as to
its continuance and result. The President is
satisfied that this is a permanent deafness. In
consequence of his order the act operates, and
a life pension is given to this man. If it turns
out next year that he is not deaf at all, and
he is then elected Governor of his State, or
elected President of the United States, or sent
as embassador to a foreign Court, then the pay,
to be sure, is to cease, as it ought to. But iu
legal and in actual contemplation it reminds
us of what we should know without it, and
that is, that among the objections to such a
provision as this is the liability to abuse, not
now in the offensive sense which the Senator
from Ohio commented upon, but abuse in the
sense of mistake, of error, however honest it
may be.
Mr. President, I had no design to commence,
nor do I design to continue any elaborate dis-
cussion of this bill. I believe it wrong iu
principle. I believe it dangerous in the appli-
cation of the only principle, if principle it can
be called, entering into it which extenuates it
in the least, and I believe, in addition, it is
legislating in a dangerous direction, a direc-
tion dangerous to those who are looking espe-
cially, if any do look especially, to the inter-
est aud the preservation of the bench. It was
the saying of the founder of the Democratic
party, I believe, that the book of Judges comes
before the books of Kings, and there have been
periods in our history when prejudice has been
successfully arrayed against the judicial de-
partment of the Government. I need not say
that my profession aud my convictions fo:bid
me to share or sympathize with such pieju-
dices. I say, however, that this bill is one of
a series of bills, some of which have become
laws, calculated to foster and nourish the
feeling to which I have referred.
In 18G9 nine new circuit judges were
created. Their salaiies were fixed in very
special phrase, intending to shut the door
against the future. Iu a short time all those
salaries were raised. The same act con-
tained a provision, the first in onr history,
allowing all Federal judges whatsoever to
retire at the age of seventy, after ten years'
service—no matter how competent they might
be to proceed, to retire absolutely aud con-
tinue to receive their pay. Then we passed an
act raising the salary of all the Supreme Court
judges, including the Chief Justice. The Sen-
ate at this session (although the House has
non-concurred, and the amendment has gone
to the inscrutable mysteries of a conference
committee) has adopted provisions raising the
pay of all the judges, raising the pay of all
the district judges, and making it what is
called a horizontal scale, vvitnout the slight-
est reference to the difference in the ser-
vices which they perform, the differences in
the situation which exist affecting the ex-
penses of living, and a variety of o her con-
siderations, raising them all alike, and fixing
a rate of salary heretofore unknown in the case
of three fourths of them. And now comes a
provision—and that of the act of 1800 is like
it in this respect—that all these judges may
retire when the President is satisfied that they
are permanently disabled, and all others to
follow them may do the same and receive
whatever may be the pay at the time of such
resignation. That is the language of the act
of 1869. The Constitution says you nevershall
reduce it; legislation is to be upon an np grade
always; and whatever the salary may be to
which the office attains at any future time,
that is to be the pay upon which all incum-
bents are to retire, not merely when thev are
seventy, but at any time, the President "being
satisfied that they are permanently disabled.
The Senator from New Jersey asked a ques-
tion which he had great difficulty in making
understood by some members of this body,
aimed at a point which the Senator from Ver-
mont stated very clearly afterward, and which
1 think no Senator should ignore in voting
upon this bill. If it is to be called a civil
pension bill, I repeat again, it is destitute of
every element belonging properly to a pension
bill. If it is to be put upon the ground sug-
gested by the honorable Senator from Wiscon-
sin and by others, that, not beiug a pension
