4290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
this is not one of the appropriation bills spoken
of in this rule ; it is not a general appropria-
tion bill.
Now we turn to the restrictive rule adopted
April 29, 1872. What is that?
"That during the present session it shall be in
order at any time to move a recess; and, pending
an appropriation bill"—
What does that mean? Anything except
an appropriation bill as understood in the
Senate? I submit not. In a very general
sense every bill which takes money from the
Treasury is an appropriation bill. You pass
a bill creating clerkships and fixing a salary
and directing it to be paid; that, in a very
loose and general sense, is an appropriation
bill; but this rule referring to "an appro-
priation bill" certainly refers to those bills
known and denominated in the body of our
rules as appropriation bills. The river and
harbor bill is not such a bill as that. As I
have said before, if it were, it must go to the
Committee on Appropriations, for the rule is
absolute. It goes expressly somewhere else.
Therefore it is not known and deemed in the
rules an appropriation bill—
"Thatduring the present session it shall be in
order at any time: to move a reeess; and, pending an
appropriation bill, to move to confine dobato on
amendments thereto to live minutes by any Senator
on the pending motion; and such motions shall bo
decided without debate. And no amendment to any
such bill"—
Namely, an appropriation bill—
"makinf? legislative provisions other than such as
directly relate to tho appropriations contained in
the bill, shall bo reuoivod."
The Senator having this bill in charge and
the Senate deemed it necessary this morning,
in order to apply this rule to the bill, to do it
by the vote and action of the Senate, and the
question is, as the Chair has distinctly said,
and the only question 1 submit is, whether the
rule adopted as to this hill this morning is
retroactive, whether it not only speaks for-
ward but speaks backward, and lays hold of
amendments reported and pending days before
the rule was adopted. Now, what does it say ?
"No amendment shall bo received." Is not
that in tho future? Does it say, " and amend-
ments shall be held out of order, although they
are pending at the time this rule is adopted?"
Not at all; but, "no amendment shall bo
received." This amendment has been received.
Mr. ANTIION V. Allow mo to suggest that
there is a decision precisely in accordance
with what the Senator from New York is now
saying. Wheu t his resolution was lirst adopted
a general appropriation bill was pending, and
upon that hill was an amendment offered by
the Senator from Maine, which was out of
order under the new rule, and the Chair stated
in tho beginning that the new rule would not
apply to that amendment, it having been
already offered, though not adopted, and the
amendment was argued and voted upon after
the rule was adopted.
Mr. M0iUUI.lL, of Maine. When was that?
Mr. ANTHONY. That was on tho defi-
ciency bill ; it was tho amendment called the
Brake amendment, and afterward the Morrill
amendment. After that amendment had been
offered, the deficiency bill being under consid-
eration, this rule was adopted, and that amend-
ment, having already been offered, but not dis-
cussed, was debated and adopted after the
rule which would have made it out of order
had been adopted in the Senate.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator from Rhode
Island will pardon me for suggesting that that
amendment was offered before the adoption of
the rule on the 29th of April.
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes.
Mr. SCOTT. _ It, was not offered simply
before the application of the rule to the deti"-
cieney bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Is that the distinction
the Senator from Pennsylvania makes?
Mr. SCOTT. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Now the Senator from
Pennsylvania fortifies me on this point, and if
I can impress it upon the Senate, that is all I
want to do. The whole question here is
whether this rule applied to this bill before
this morning, or this morning for the first time.
Is not that the question ? It it applied to the
bill all the time, I give up the whole question
to the Senator from Pennsylvania. If its appli-
cation to it this morning was, as to this bill,
its adoption this morning, then there is no
escape from the precedent cited by the Senator
from Rhode Islaud.
Mr. SCOTT. The whole question turns
simply on the question whether this is an appro-
priation bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Is not that the question
merely for the sake of determining wh ether
the rule applied to this bill before this morn-
ing or not?
Mr. SCOTT. No, sir ; the latter clause of
the rule was applicable to every bill that is an
appropriation bill from the moment of its
adoption.
Mr. CONKLING. I ordinarily have no diffi-
culty in understanding my friend ; 1 do not
think I shall have now. Does he deny this
proposition: if tliisrule takes effect on this bill
for the first time this morning, the amendment
cannot be ruled out of order ?
Mr. SCOTT. The rule, as I have already
said, is divisible into two parts 
Mr. CONKLING. I do not ask my friend
that. Now, I beg to inquire of him whether
he disputes this proposition, that if the rule
took effect upon this bill for the lirst time this
morning—as to that part of it, 1 mean—then
this amendment is in order? Does ho deny
that?
Mr. SCOTT. " If it did," but that is
begging tho whole question.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 say it is my friend's
question. My friend's point is that it took
effect before this morning.
Mr. SCOTT. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Then we agree that there
is the hinge on which the whole question turns.
Did the rule before us apply t  this bill before
this morning ex propria vigors, as the lawyers
say, or did it become applicable to it this
morning in consequence of the vote of the
Senate. Is not thai the question ? My friend
and I agree, as 1 had no doubt we should  
Mr. SCO TT. It depends on whether it is
an appropriation hill.
Mr. CONKLING-. Precisely; and that
brings up I he question whether it is an appro-
priation bill within the language of the rule.
I commenced by admitting that, and I deny
that it is for this reason : the thirtieth rule
clearly shows that this bill is not embraced in
ii, because-if it were that rule is peremptory
that it shall go to tho Committee on Appro-
pi latious, and that all amendments to it shall
go to tho Committee on Appropriations. Ex-
pressly it goes elsewhere. Therefore it is not
within the thirtieth rule. Now this restrict
ive rule is to be read in pari materia with the
thirtieth rule. I submit to my honorable
friend that it would be very far-letched to say
that this restrictive rule applies to any bills
other than those to which the other rules relat-
ing to appropriation bills apply. Therefore,
while I admit, that that is a question, I restate
the point that it all turns upon whether this
rule operated upon the river and harbor bill
before this morning, or whether its operation
took place in consequence of the vote of the
Senate this morning.
And now 1 have the assent of my honorable
friend from Pennsylvania, who very rarely
makes a mistake upon any question of law or
logic, that if the action of the rule upon this
bill began this morning in consequence of the
vote of the Senate, then unquestionably the
amendment is in order. To uphold this ruling
of the Chair, the Senate must vote that the
vote of the Senate this morning was mere
surplusage, a mere work of supererogation,
that in place of its being necessary to apply
the rule, the rule applied all the time, and
that when the amendment came in from the
Committee on Commerce it was out of order
at that time. I do not believe the Senate will
vote that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Just a word or
two in reply to the honorable Senator from
New York. It turns now on a question of
fact. It seems to be assumed by ttie Senator
from New York, and conceded by the Senator
from Pennsylvania, that if this is an appropria-
tion bill within any fair acceptation ol tlio pro-
ceedings of the Senate, then this amendment
is out of order. The honorable Senator from
New York maintains that it is uot an appio-
priation bill because it is not within the lule
of the Senate which denominates an appro-
priation bill " a general appropriation bill;"
therefore, this rule does not apply, because
this is not what may fairly be denominated a
general appropriation bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Within the meaning of
our rules.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let us look
and see. In the first place it is denominated
in its title an appropriation bill. There need,
therefore, be no question that this is an appro-
priation bill. Is it general ? That is the only
question there is leit. What is a general ap-
propriation bill? General to what intent?
Clearly this is general to this extent, that it
covers the entire subject of appropriations.
Is not that general? If it were pariicular, it
would relate to a particular case, one would
think; but when it relates to a general sub-
ject, and is so general that H covers the entire
subject, and the entire country, too, in regard
to that subject, I submit to my honorable
friend whettier in that sense at least it is not
general.
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask my friend a
question ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. What does he do with
the latter mandatory part of that rule, which
says, it'he is right in his construction, that the
bill shall go the Committee on Appropria-
tions ?
Mr. MORRIL, of Maine. I will come to
that in a moment. It is general then, 1 sub-
mit, to that intent. Now, if it is not general,
I should like to ask my friend what becomes
of the military appropriation bill, which is con-
fined to the particular subject of appropiia-
tions for the military service ; and then what
is that little appropriation bill for the Military
Academy ? Did anybody ever doubt that that
was a general appropriation bill ? And what
of the Navy bill? Those bills relate to those
special branches. If they are not general
surely this is not, and in those particular in-
stances they only cover one branch of the ser-
vice and are very much more limited in their
application than this. Therefore you would
see that to apply the honorable Senator's
ciiticisai to this would be to rule all these
bills into the category of special appropriation
bills.
My honorable friend, to fortify himself, says
this cannot be general because it was not
refrrred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Does that apply? 'The usage of the Senate
has been various on this subject. Oftentimes
it goes to the Committee on Commerce and
afterward to the Committee on Appropriations,
and so with some of your other committees.
Take the bill making appropriations for Indian
affairs. Tnat oftentimes is referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs and afterwaid to
the Committee on Appropriations for revision,
and very properly 1 think; and so this ought
to have been. But we are upon the precise
question of generality. If the Senator Irom
New York commits himself to that, it this is
general, then it is conceded that this amend-
mentis notgermane. I will nor^ repeat myself;
but if it is not general, then all the appropiia-
tion bills to which 1 have referred are special.
It should be observed that none of the bills
are general ia the sense that they cover all
