1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4291
the appropriations. They are all specific;
they are all confined to one subject, but are
general in their operation over the whole ser-
vice on that subject. So I think my honor-
able friend will not find himself sustained in
T.lie theory that this bill is not general in its
character, and certainly not for the reasons
that he has stated.
The Senator from New York says that there
is no such thing as an annual appropriation
bill. Of course that does not apply to the
argument; I do not understand the honorable
Senator to refer to it as applicable to the argu-
ment; but it is within his statement that there
is no such thing as an annual appropriation
bill, and he instances the absence of such a
provision in the Constitution.
Mr. CONKLING. I spoke of the rule.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Or in the rules.
Suppose it is not in the rules, is it not in the
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly it is
in the practice, and that is what we are pro-
ceeding upon. There are such things as
annual appropriations, and they come as regu-
larly as the seasons, and as regularly as the
sessions of Congress. It makes no difference
whether they are annual or biennial; but the
general fact in regard to this is that it is gen-
eral beyond a question, general within our
practice, and it must be regarded, therefore, I
submit, as general within the rule. But sup-
pose it were not; if it is special it comes within
this rule, because it says, "and pending an
appropriation bill." As has been well said by
the Senator from Pennsylvania, it will not do
to say that that language must be interpreted
in regard to that general quality which the
honorable Senator seems to insist upon as
being recognized by the rule to which he has
relerred, the standing rule of the Senate.
Therefore, Mr, President, it strikes me that
there can be no question at all upon this sub-
ject. This being a general appropriation bill,
the Chair has well ruled that this amendment
must necessarily be regarded as obnoxious to
the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has indulged debate on this question ; but he
thinks the five-minutes ruleapplies to all ques-
tions growing out of the bill, as well on the
appeal as anything else.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask leave to say a
single word in reply to the Senator from Maine.
The difference between the Senator and my-
self touching this rule relates to the applica-
tion of the word "geueral." He understands
that word to relate to the nature of the appro-
priations contained in the bill. I understand
it to relate to the bill itself, and to be syn-
onymous with the terms "regular appropri-
ation bills," "habitual appropriation bills,"
"ordinary appropriation bills.'' My friend
understands it to apply to the kind of appro-
priations contained in the bill. Let me illus-
trate. Suppose after the Chicago fire and other
fires a bill had been framed to appropriate
large sums of mouey for various purposes in
Chicago and in other places. That would be
very general and promiscuous in its provisions;
but"certainly it would not be one of the geu-
eral appropriation bills. Why 1 Simply be-
cause it would not be one of the regular,
habitual, stereotyped, expected, matter-of-
course appropriation bills; it would be a spe-
cial bill, although general in its application.
Precisely so, I submit to my friend, is the
river and harbor bill. Two river and harbor
bills may be reported in a session; four bills
in a session; there may not be a river and
harbor bill reported for two or teu years; it
is wholly accidental; it depends upon con-
tingencies which may or may not arise. The
Constitution says that appropriations for the
Army shall never be made for more than two
yearsat a time. Therefore biennially you must
have appropriation bills. In practice, as my
friend has reminded us, we have them annually.
Thus they become general appropriation bills,
regular, habitual, known appropriation bills.
But a river and harbor bill being one which
may be reported onceayear, once in ten years,
which need not necessarily, as to carrying ou
the Government, be reported in the whole life-
time of the Republic, and inasmuch as there
have been whole decades during which no such
bill has been reported, I submit to the honor-
able Senator that it ia not, and the practice of
the Senate bears me out in saying that it is"
not, one of the bills generieally known here
in the rule as general appropriation bills.
That is my answer.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. One word now,
if I may be indulged. Then certainly we have
been very inconsistent in our expressions here,
because it should have been "usual " instead
of " general."
Mr. CONKLING. Not at all; for that
would have applied to special bills, which do
not relate to general appropriations at all.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The language
should have been applicable to '• the usual ap-
propriation bills;" but it was not so intended,
clearly not, otherwise that language would
have been used. "General," therefore, must
be regarded as referring to the subject, the
general character of the bill. Besides that, my
honorable friend knows well that these appro-
priation bills do come very regularly now,
annually or biennially.
Mr. CONKLING. That is accidental.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is not acci-
dental; it reaches back many years; and
now they have become as much the settled
policy, perhaps, as almost anything known to
the Government. Besides that, here are the
estimates made annually. Here is a volume
that comes to us as regularly as the sessions,
asking for what? ."The annual appropria-
tions to carry on the fortifications, to provide
for the preservation of the fortifications and
improvements of the rivers and the harbors."
It is not accidental; it is not casual; it is
general. And therefore you may look for this
appropriation bill with as much certainty as
you look for the appropriation bill for the an-
nual expenses of the Army or any other
branch of the Government. I submit, there-
fore, on every ground the decision of the Chair
ought to stand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques
tion is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the Senate?
Mr. NORWOOD. Will the Chair state the
ground of the decision ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks under the restrictive rule this amend-
ment cannot be received, and theiefore he has
ruled it out of order. The question is, Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the Senate?
Mr. BOREMAN. I understand this morn-
ing the Senate adopted a resolution making
that rule operative on this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They agreed
to it by unanimous consent.
The decision of the Chair was sustained,
there being on a division—ayei 22, noes 16.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments of the Committee on Commerce, as they
were printed with the bill, have now been gone
through with, and the Chair will recognize the
Senator from Mississippi, who has an amend-
ment to offer from the committee.
Mr. ALCORN. It is accepted by the com-
mittee. It was offered by me, and referred to
the committee, accepted by them, and reported
back. It is section two, line seventy-eight,
after the word "Minnesota" to insert the fol-
lowing:
For the survey and examination of obstructions
in the Forked Deer river, trom the mouth of that
stream to apoint opposite Dyersburgin Dyeroounty,
in West Tennessee.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is accepted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to offer an amend-
ment on the ninth page, which does not in-
crease the appropriation at all. I desire to
change the sum m the two hundred and ninth
line appropriated for the improvement of the
ship channel in Charleston harbor, South
Carolina, from $40,000 to $38,700, and then
alter the word "dollars" to insert the follow-
ing:
For removing obstructions in Ashepoo river, South
Carolina, $l.o00.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to amend the bill
on page 7, lines one hundred and thirty-six,
one hundred and thirty-seven, and one hun-
dred and thirty-eight. The clause as it stands
in the bill reads:
For the preservation of the Falls of St. Anthony,
Minnesota, and the navigation of the Mississippi
river above the same, $50,000.
I introduced an amendment in the ordinary
way and had it referred to the Committee on
Commerce, which I now desire to offei", and I
think the Senate will not hesitate to make so
slight an increase of the appropriation for so
important an object as .this. The amendment
is to increase the appropriation from $50,000
to $100,000. The amendment, as I presented
it in the first instance, was for $200,000. which
is the estimate made by the engineer depart-
ment of the United Slates.
. I know that in offering this amendment I
probably cross the wishes of the chairman of
the committee, but I think if he will hear me
for one moment he will forego his opposition
and consent to this slight increase of the
appropriation. The Secretary of War on the
13th of April sent a report to the Senate esti-
mating $200,000 as the proper appropriation
for the purpose expressed m the bill in the
lines I have read. At this time the people of
that vicinity living arouud the falls have taxed
themselves very heavily. They have already
made an appropriation out of their own means
of $350,000. The Government so far has only
contributed $100,000.
I know it is sometimes objected that these
are piivate interests, and that the Government
is called upon to maintain private interests.
Well, sir, in truth they are mi^ed public and
private interests. If the Falls of St. Anthony
were to be swept out, as is very probable will
be the case unless something is done there, by
the recession of the limestone rock that sus-
tains them, it would not only wipe out all the
enterprises that cluster around the falls, in
which millions of dollars are invested, some
of the greatest industries of the country, and
the most profitable and the most valuable to
the whole community, but it would let down
all the water for a thousand miles above.
There are a thousand miles of the Mississippi
river above the Falls of St. Anthony, and there
are from five to six.hundred miles of valuable
navigation above. Immediately above the
falls up to the little rapids there are probably
a hundred and forty miles of good navigation.
Above that again to Pokagoma falls, for some
three hundred miles, and above that into
Leech lake and the very upper waters of the
Alississippi, there is good navigation, But. to
maintain that navigation it isesseutial that the
Emails of St. Anthony should be maintained. I
repeat, the people there have made tiiesegieat
saciificcs for many years to carry on this work,
and it is not reasonable that the Government
should reluse to give them reasonable assist-
ance in their struggle. At this time they are
paying six percent, in taxes in order to main-
tain these falls and to prevent their washing
out entirely. I thiuk, therefore, when I only
ask so reasonable an increase as $50,000, tlie
honorable chairman of the committee will
forego the opposition which he feels compelled
to make simply for form's sake,
Mr. CHANDLER. The estimates of the
engineers would swell this bill to something
over nineteen million dollars. The amount
actually contained in it is about five and a half
millions. The Senator's own member in the
