1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
655
42i> UONO....2D BESS,
The District of Columbia—Mr. Ghipman.
Ho. of Eeps.
cumstarioes. I b«di"ve if there ever whs an
election in this DiMiiet where the will of the
mnjori'y was expressed. and wheie the intelli-
gent judgment of the people guided a vote, if
was the ejection which gave our city its "new
departure " last fall,
A word more to show the mendacity of the
opposition and the blind madness which led
them even to sub the credit of the District
rather than see it succeed.
While this warfare wan going on, and while
we were fed up hy injunction*,the Legislature
authorized the Governor to anticipate the loan :
by borrowing $000,000. I quote from Gov- j
ernor Cooke's testimony, (page 378:) i
"Quehtion. Can you ntate to the committee why you |
negotiated through the First National Bank rather 1
than through other banking-houses that have been 1
"Anxwer. Yes, sir; because I got aid from them :
when I could not get it elsewhere. I applied tor 1
negotiating a very small loan, last summer, and had i
partially effected a negotiation lor themoney,at mx ;
per cent., when rumors came oi disaffection in the .
District and efforts were made that impaired our ;
credit. Papers were circulated throughout New .
York which frightened the bankers,  ud they de- I
elined to take it. The First National Bank est in e to j
my re°cue, and I succeeded in negotiating the loan, ;
though I had to pay seven per cent., which I con- !
sidered a very good negotiation, and it was so con- |
sidered at tbe tiuie, without any commission or
dhcount."
The injunction was dissolved, on appeal to
the full bench, about the time the people rati-
fied the loan, and there seemed to be w 
further impediment, but these " thousand cit-
izens" still kept up their warfare here and
elsewhere. To show still further the charac-
ter of the opposition, I quote from a letter of
the Messrs. beligman, (pug* 10*2:)
Xkw York. February 1, 1872.
De\rSih: We beg to draw your attention to the
fact ihut while we Imvcbeen successful in inai ket-
ing t lie six per cent, bonds ot the .District ol Colum-
bia. we h«ve had to overcome one or uiore difficul-
ties in the shape of adveise report? wbich some
per>ons had endeavored to spread in Europe. They
fir't intimated that there were injunctions still
existing against the i>sue of the bonds. Alter we
succeeded m removing this impression by sending
out the certificate ot judges ot the supreme court
that each and every injunction had promptly been
removed, they ondeav ored to spread additional ad-
verse reports in .Europe, stating that the bond was
not consideied a first-class security. We have, tor-
tuuutely, been able to satisfy the public in Europe
that oil such reports, emanating, as they evidently
did, t'rom persons adverse to the interests of the
District, were without any inundation. But the
principal aid which we received was the almost
unanimous vote of the people ot your District in
lavor of the loan, without which we should have
probably failed in negotiating ibe bond at all, and,
at any rate, would not have been able to sell it
within two and a half or five percent, of the price
obtained, and we congratulate you and the District
upon our success ui placing the cretin ot thelh^triet
equ.il to tu.itot any ot tlieolder States in the North.
We deem it proper to make the*-e remarks to you
to put y u and all gov d people of the District on
their nu.ud against the malevolent actions ot some
ol vuur citizen-. ,,
Wo are, dear sir, yours very -respect fully.
J. & W. c-ELIGMAN & CO.
Hon. IIfnry D. Cooke. Governor of the District of
Columbia,, Washington, D  C.
Thus these men pursued the government
here and abroad, trying by falsehood to ruin
its credit in the money markets of the world;
and by misrepresentation and calumny to
shake the confidence of the people in it at
home. Defeated and rebuked wherever they
turned, they appealed to Congress as a last
resort, with a result already known. And
jtfier this appeal and the petition were re-
ferred to a C'-mrmttee for investigation, a sen-
sational resoluuon was prepared by one ot
these ''thousand citizens," ulid caused to be
introduced in the Sen te, suspending the func-
tions of ihe UisU'ici government pending the
investigation, ihus p'tViilvzwig the District and
destroying for the time all government. Nor
Will my colleague foiget that all winter and
pending i he itne.^tigation there were (aid upon
members1 desks the meanest possible anony-
mous circulars and sheets, attacking the gov-
ernment'itself) and especially its personnel,
and every effort was made by personal inter-
course with members to poison their miuds
against the District.
if my colleague had desired to dip his pen
in unadulterated wormwood and gall, if he
had desired to relieve his mind of pent-up
wrath by writing a philippic against some im-
aginary Tammany, he would have found an
ample field here in showing how a good gov-
ernment and an honest devotion to it may be
maligned untileventheelect, like my colleague,
may be deceived and grow bilious in contem-
plating it.
My colleague proceeds with his indictment
as follows:
"Of the most flagrant acts I shall select only a
few for consideration, commencing with the grad-
ing ot F street from Seventeenth to Twenty-first
street, west of the President's grounds. This street
has been cut down from two to twelve feet, involv-
ing a proportional gradingof the cross-streets and
ot G street, which is the parallel street north of it,
and leaving the houses erected along the lines ot
all these elevated from five to fifteen ortweaty steps
above the sidewalk and roadway."
I cannot follow the gentleman through all
the mental vagaries Ins speech contains. I
shall expose his fallacies sufficiently far to
show how dangerous ir would be to base any
judgment of District affairs upon his opinion,
and that done, 1 may be content to leave the
matter with the majority and minority report,
where it really belongs. Let us then see what
there is of the
f street improvement.
This work was originally commenced under
an act passed by the corporation of Washing-
ton on the 2oth April, 1871. At that time the
new government had not gone fully into oper-
ation, although by the organic act the Board
of Public Works were authorized to assume
the functions of their office. Technically there
is no question but that the board, as the suc-
cessors to the executive power of the mayor,
were authorized to enter upon the execution
of this act of the corporation, and they did so.
The contractor for the work was Mr. Van-
derburgh, and his authority for entering upon
it the board found in the archives of the
mayor's office, as follows;
Mayor's Office, City Hall.
Washington, D. C., April 29,1871.
Mr. Auditor: Please issue order to J. "V. W*
Vanderburgh to proceed with the work under his
contract of April 29,1871, to grade and trim F street
northwest between Seventeenth and Twentieth.
Act approved April 25, 1871
M. G. EMERY, Mayor.
Per M. P.
Auditor's Office, City Hall.
Washington, D. 0., April 29. 1 b<l.
Sm: You will execute the act of the corporation
approved April 25, 1871. entitled *" An act to grade
atul trim F srreet northwest between Seventeenth
and Twentieth streets." under your contract ot
April 29, 1871. The work to be commenced within
 days, and completed within days irom the
date thereof. ^ ^ MeKELDENi Auditor,
J. S. C, jr.
J. V. W. Vandekburgh, esq., Contractor.
The amount appropriated was $ti00. {Rec-
ord, pages 31, 32 )
It is neither truthful nor ingenuous to say
that the work on Fand G streets, Seventeenth,
Eighteenth, Nineteenth, Twentieth, and I'wen-
ty-lirst streets, and the filling up of streets
south ot F sireet, were all done umier authority
of 1 his act of the corporation of Washington.
The gentleman from New York says:
"The cuttmprdown of F street is justified under a
resoluiiou "I t lie old eity eouueils, p o-seil hi thetime
ot M.i-sor Eroe!v nudjust before the new govern-
ment was established. '
No such justification is attempted that I
am aware of. 1 he history and reason for
this improvement are so well and clearly and
briefly siaied bv the surveyor of the District,
Mr. VViiiUm Forsyth, then tbe assistant engi-
neer of the board, that 1 quote from him, (pages
43, 44 of the record :
"The work oil the improvement of F street was
commenced under the order of the city government
of Washington, in pursuance of the act of that cor-
poration approved April 29,1S71, as appears by the
copies of papers m the two communications of Gov-
ernor Cooke to the District Legislature of May 31
and June 2U. 1871. (Journal, volume .one, p*ges98
and 197.)
"I was superintendent of Streets under the city
government, and also because the first assistant
engineer of the Board of Public Works, May 17,
1871, and prepared for the board tbe general plan
ot improvements submitted June 2ft, 1871.
4*I took charge of the F street work when it com-
menced, and in accordance with the directions of
the board I inslrucred the contractor. Mr. Vander-
burgh, tu lower the line of the street below the
grade contemplated when the aet of April 29 was
passed. At a later period tbe board decided to
lower the line to the present grade, and I gave
directions to the contractor accordingly.
"The change of grade as finallv determined was
thought advisable, among otherreasons. in order to
contorm the grade of Seventeenth street to the nevr
State Department buildings. Ir also relieves the
steep grades on Seventeenth, Eighteenth, Nine-
teenth, Twentieth, and Twenty-tirst streets, be-
tween P street and tbe canal, by cutting down the
summits and filling up the low ground at a regular
grade, thereby removing in a great measure tbe
unhealthlulness of that section of the city, which
has been an obstacle to all improvements for the
twenty-three years during which I have resided
there.
"The change also greatly improves the surface
drainage of that vicinity. It does not interfere with
the sewers constructed by tbe city government,
which I had located below the present grade-line
of the street^ because, from my knowledge of the
necessities of that section, I was certain that the
grades of the streets would eventually be brought
duwn to an improved line.
"In my opiuion. the improvement will be a suc-
cess and. when finished, I believe the property-
owners will bo very glad it has been carried through,
as owners have beey in other localities where th**y
have made great complaint- and doleful predictions
while the work has been going on, like the cases ot
tbe old improvements under the city, while I was
surveyor, ou Ninth street, between D and F; Tuir-
teeuth street, oetween G and H; F street. between
Seventh and Fifteenth: and Fifteenth street, at the
Treasury Department.
" No additional written instructions to or contract
with Mr. Vanderburgh appear to have been issued.
The aet ot theeity.in terms, authorized the grading
of the street, and, acting under directions of tbe
Board ot Public Works, which authorized and
assumed the responsibility of- extending the im-
provement,! carried forward thesame substantially
in accordance with their general planstben adopted
for the improvement of tne District."
My colleague gropes about in the rccords fco
ascertain why this improvement of this part of
the city was made, and although there were
probably twenty witnesses who gave opinious
as to the reasons for the.change, he says:
"For-all this injury of course it will be expected
that some great, gam wa« t« compensate; but what
will be the surprise of all who hear me when they
aie told that to this day nobody kuows why the
change of grade was made."
I might refute the gentleman who denounces
this improvement as "an aet ofsupreme fully
who estimate-* the damage to property at l' naif
a million dclars;" who speaks of it a-s pro-
ducing '^uin;" who, in another place. eMimaies
the public and privatedamage ot what he terms
"ibis remarkable and indefeusibie perform-
ance" as " little short of one million dollars,"
and the excuse for it as ** little less than ludi-
crous"—I say I might refute him by quoting
a few paragraphs from the testimony. For
example, Doun Piatt testifies, (page-317:)
"Question. How have the improvements in that
neighborhood affected that property, in your opin-
•Mnstcer, I think it has benefited the property:
indeed, I kuow it has. Since the improvement
there has been made, my wife has been offered
SI,000 for her bargain. During the last summer
we had m view two pieces of property to ^iecc
iroui: one owned by Captain Orrant on Capitol liiJI,
and the other this piece of propeity ot 31i.shep-
herd's. At that time we rither luelmed to the
property offered by Captain Graut, as u was oil the
^auie terms, on account ol the condition ol the cel-
lar of the boase on 3? street, which was aatnp, and
the water evidently stood iu it in tbe wet season.
Tbev had dug quite a weli in the hope of diaintng
the property, btnee the strea ha^ been improved
by cutting it down, the cellar entirely dry and tbe
appearance ot the pioperty has betn greatly en-
hanced m every way, >o that I think uuy stranger
visiting tbe city would legaid F sireet as one ot the
most beautiful streets iu the city."
General 0. E. Bubcock testifies, (page631:)
"Question. Ia regard to the grade on P street and
