1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2499
bill, it is a provision now, a sort of perpetual
covenant made in the present with these judges
that when they become disabled if they will
go off the bench they shall be paid for doing
it—if it means that, then it is a present salary,
contingent, I admit, but a present salary, a
perquisite, an incident to the office, aud an
increase, speaking in the sense of value and
in the legal sense, of the salary they receive.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir.
Mr. CARPENTER. Suppose Congress
should passto day an act saying that the judges
of the Supreme Court of the United States
should be entitled to four months' vacation and
absolute relief from all judicial duties; that
would be a very beneficial act to the judges ;
it would be a perquisite to their office; but
does the Senator think that would be a law
which we could not repeal next year? The
inhibition of the Constitution referring simply
to this one point, that you shall not decrease
the salary of a judge while he is in office, we
might of course change the salaries of the
Supreme Court by a law passed to-day down
to $4,000 again, and it would go into operation
and apply to every judge appointed after the
act had passed. We could not change it as to
the judges then in office ; we could change it
as to ail men subsequently appoiuted.
Mr. CONKLING-. Answering all that I
remember of my honorable friend's question,
wlncti, I take it, he does not suppose has any-
thing to do with the point I am discussing, I
remind him that it will be quire unnecessary
to pass such a law as lie proposes giving all
ihe judges a furlough for four months, because
that will be sufficiently provided for by other
laws that are on the way. If my friend will
take up the bill recently passed by the House
and acc upon that, he will relieve the Supreme
Court from so large a part of the appellate
jurisdiction now belonging to it that 1 rather
think they will be able to go away four months
or more without our saying so in so many
words. But of course my honorable friend
does not suppose I doubt that we might give a
failough to the judges in the way he states for
four months. It" we violated all other propri-
eties in doing it, we should not violate any
principle that has the remotest relation to that
provision of the Constitution which I am talk-
ing about.
Mr. CARPENTER. If my friend will par-
don me, as he seems to think I broke in upon
him inadvertently with some irrelevant mat-
ter, 1 understood him to be arguing that this
is a provision contingent in point of time and
circumstance, that it the judges resign in c0""
sequence of permanent disability they shall
have a certain salary in the nature ot com-
pensation of a judge, being in some sense a
pet qui site of his office at the present time, and
was therefore protected by the Constitution.
It that be so. an act of Congress giving them
four months' furlough falls within the same
principle.
Air. CONKLING. Why?
Mr. CARPENTER. Because it is a per-
quisite of his office and part of his compen-
sation as much as the other. _
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, when-
ever 1 do not agree with my honorable friend
upon a question of law I attribute it to my own
incapacity, and I will ascribe this in the same
way, saying, however, that if I had not heard
my honorable friend make that suggestion I
should suppose it was parallel with the sug-
gestion that if you provided that the Supreme
Courtshould sit from a certain time to a certain
time, dispensing with certain terms of the circuit
court,you could not afterward reinstate those
terms,"' because that would interfere with the
value of their offices. I should suppose that
the entire, the total distinction between the
cases, as distinct as the east is from the west,
lies in tliis: the constitutional provision re-
lates to compensation ; the case my honorable
friend is talking about relates to the service
they shall perform, which the Constitution
says nothing about.
Now, let me see if I cannot make clear the
suggestion which I have in mind. There may
not be anything in it, but I think the Senator
from Wisconsin has not stopped to appreciate
it, or he would not answer it in the way he
does. Has the Senator from Pennsylvania
the precise language of the Constitution before
him in reference to reducing salaries?
Mr. SCOTT. I was about to ask the atten-
tion of the Senator from New York to that
language, and it is this:
"The judges, both of the Supreme and inferior
courts, shall hold thoir offices during good behavior,
and shall, at stated times,receivefor their services a
compensation, which shall not be diminished during
their continuance in office."
Mr. CONKLING. It is on that language,
Mr. President, that the suggestion arises upon
which I was at the moment when my honor-
able friend from Wisconsin drew me aside by
a suggestion which I conceive to be quite for-
eign to this. The position suggested by the
Senator from New Jersey is this: all the
judges now existing being in office, and this
provision operating upon them, speaking of
those judges as well as their successors, we
say that hereafter, upon becoming perma-
nently disqualified to the satisfaction of the
President, a certain result shall happen.
What result? That they shall be entitled
absolutely, without further proceeding or con-
tingency, to receive their salaries during their
lives if they choose to resign their offices.
That is what we propose to do. Now, if that
be something future in ail respects, not affect-
ing at all the question of their compensation,
not appreciating frhat compensation, not add-
ing to it, not increasing it in any sense of
value, so that the repeal will have the effect
to diminish—that is the language of the Con-
stitution—if it is no increase of value, so that
taking it away will not have the effect to
diminish what they would otherwise receive,
then the Constitution has nothingto do with
it. If, on the contrary, it is an increase of
compensation; if it is compensation, whether
an increase or not; if it is a compensation
whieli they are to receive, and which shall
not be diminished during their continuance
in office, then this question arises: whether,
if you attempt to-morrow to repeal it, the
same men being in office, nobody having re-
signed, nobody having been disabled, you
have not repealed a part of the compen-
sation, contingent, I admit, but present in
respect of the Taw which gives it and the right
they take?
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator just
think for one moment? Suppose you put it
as compensation, although that is not it at all,
how could a man get the compensation under
that act? You say you have no right to take
away that compensation under that act. How
is he to get the compensation under that act
if that act is repealed and the President does
not see fit to accept his resignation?
Mr. CONKLING. How is that? I did not
hear the Senator distinctly.
Mr. THURMAN. If he cannot resign
according to that act and we have repealed it,
how is he to get the compensation ?
Mr. CONKLING. Let me ask my honor-
able friend does he think that is a fair answer
to the question, or an answer at all to the
question? It seems to me my honorable friend
might as well say to me, if he commits some
wrong upon me, which in his superior strength
and ability he might, how can I obtain any
redress for that, and if I cannot, does it not
prove that it is no wrong at all ?
I am not discussing the question whether
Congress could violate the Constitution it it is
a violation, and whether it might not be put in
such wise that these men would be remediless.
I am talking about the question of right. 1
am asking now whether, testing it by the
Constitution alone, we could repeal it; and I
was going to add to that the question whether,
tried by the principles of good faith, we could
repeal it? The Senator from Ohio might
answer that in the same way. He might say,
bad though the faith might be which would
strike this law down hereafter, what would be
the remedy of the judge? All very true.
Take this act of 1869, Mr. President. Sup-
pose the judge of the second circuit, who was
appointed under this act of April, 1869, al-
though he contemplated all its provisions,
although he knew in accepting the appoint-
ment that at the end of ten years, if he was
then over seventy, he would be permitted to
retire with the assurance for life of the salary,
should find himself next week in the predica-
ment in which he would be if the act of 1869
was repealed ; what remedy would he have ?
I do not stop to speculate upon that. If I
was in his place, I should go and retain my
friend from Iowa, [Mr. Wright,] or some
other good lawyer, and ask him to see whether
I had any remedy in the courts of not; and if
it turned out that I could not sue the Govern-
ment of the United States, and that the Con-
gress of the United States would turn away
from me without giving any heed to my peti-
tion, it would not enlighten my understanding
very much on the question of good faith or of
constitutional violation.
Now, I should like to know from the Senator
from Ohio whether he holds that we have a
right, a constitutional right, and a right in
good faith, to repeal the act of 1809 ? As to
these circuit judges, for example, we have said,
we said before they took their offices, that at
the end of ten years they might retire if they
were seventy and receive pay for life. Have
we a right to repeal it ?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly it would be
very bad faith to repeal it.
Mr. CONKLING. The honorable Senator
says, " Ceitamly it would be very bad faith
to repeal it." Very well, Mr. President. If
only good faith would be violated, I think it
gives some pungency to the question put by
the honorable Senator from New Jeisey. I
agree with the Senator from Ohio, it would be
bad faith, and I submit to him. and I doubt
whether he will differ with me, it is a ques-
tion at least whether it would not be a viola-
tion of the provision of tile Constitution upon
which I have been commenting.
Then, Mr. President, because clearly there
is no distinction, I submit, in this regard be-
tween the act of 1869 and the proposed act 
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him what all that has to do with this
bill ? If this is not a good bill, it ought not to
be a law at all. If it is a good bill, it ought to
be a permanent law ; it ought to last forever.
If it is a bad bill, kill it; vote it down.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish I had the power
to do that.
Mr. THURMAN. That is all there is of it.
What is the use of arguing about the question
of repealing it? If it is not a good bill, vote
it down. We do not ask it as a temporary
measure for one or two years ; we propose it
to be a law just as long as the Constitution
shall last. If you think it ought not to be a
permanent law, vote it down.
Mr. CONKLING. My honorable friend has
been very active in bolstering up this act, and
I think he has gone to no greater extreme than
he does now. What does he say I Vote it
down. I shall vote against it, and I am en-
gaged in perhaps a vain endeavor to_ induce
other members of the body to vote with me ;
and I am considering at the moment what
sort of an act it will be after it is adoj ted,
no matter how vicious its workings may
prove, and whether it will then have passed
forever beyond our reach; and the honor-
able Senator retorts upon me, '• Why discuss
that? Why not vote it down?'' Does not
that honorable Senator see as clearly as I
do that if I can prove that the act having been
