1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8395
day than some Cabinet officers. The very re-
vision of the pension laws adds to his responsi-
bilities and duties. I hope the amendment
will be adopted by the House.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I would
inquire if the amendment offered does not
propose to raise the salary of 'the Commis-
sioner $1,000 a year.
Mr. HALE. That is it.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. This bill
provides a new officer in the Pension Bureau
to be known as the deputy commissioner,
which would seem to be a relief to the Com-
missioner of Pensions in the discharge of his
duties, and it seems to me that although the
duties of the Pension Office may be increased
under the provisions of this act and former
acts, yet from the fact that this law provides a
deputy commissioner, it is scarcely proper now
to increase the compensation of the Commis-
sioner of Pensions $1,000 per annum.
Mr. HALE. The appointment of a deputy
Commissioner of Pensions will undoubtedly
relieve the Commissioner of certain clerical
work, but everybody having business with the ,
Departments knows that the final responsi-
bility in contested cases comes upon the head
of the bureau or department. The creation
of this new office does not relieve the Com-
missioner of any of his responsibilities.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the fortieth section, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 40. That the Secretary of the Interior be, and
is hereby, authorized to appoint a duly qualified sur-
geon as medical referee, who, under the control and
direction of the Commissioner of Pensions, shall
have charge of the examination and revision of the
reports of examining surgeons, and such other duties
touching medical and surgical questions in the Pen-
sion Office as the interest of the service may demand;
and his salary shall be 82,800 per annum. And the
Secretary of the Interior is further authorised to
appoint such additional qualified surgeons (not ex-
ceeding four) as the exigencies of the serviccmay
require, who may perform the duties of examining
surgeons when so required, and who shall be borne
upon the rolls as clerks of the fourth class.
Mr. STORM. I desire to offer as an addi-
tional section, to come in as section forty-one,
the following:
Sec. 41. That in all cases where the Commissioner
of Pensions shall receive any letter or letters, or
evidence referring to any claim and adverse to it,
from any person other than the claimant or his
attorney, said Commissioner shall on the receipt of
such letter, or letters or evidence, furnish a copy of
the same to the claimant or his attornoy.
Mr. MOORE. I would say to the gentleman
that he is not probably aware that there is
already a provision in the bill which provides
for that very thing.
Mr. STOliM. I was not, and I will withdraw
the amendment.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I would
inquire of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Mooke] what these additional qualified sur-
geons, not exceeding four, provided for in
section forty, are required for?
Mr. MOORE. They are examiners and
clerks of the fourth class. They are borne on
the rolls, and it is only adding additional
strength to the bureau.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. All right.
Mr. MOORE. I offer the following as an
additional section, to come in after section
forty:
Sec. 41. Andbe it farther enacted, That the Com-
missioner ot Pensions is hereby authorized to cause
to bo published, on or about the 1st day of July,
biennially, in such newspaper as he may select in
the locality of each pension agency, a list of the
Pensioners payable o-tthat agency, and the expense
of said publication shall be payable out of the gen-
eral fund, upon the order of the Commissioner ot
Pensions.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NIBLACK. I desire to move an
amendment to section three of this bill.
Mr. DICKEY. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Moore] to go back to section
pne of this bill in order to amend it so that
it will correspond with other sections that
have been amended.
Mr. MOORE. There will be time for that.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Niblaok] gave notice
some time since that he had some amend-
ments to offer.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to amend section
three by striking out the first words of the
section, "that the pension for a permanent
specific disability named or described in this
section shall," and to insert in lieu thereof the
words "that the pension for permanent spe-
cific disabilities, and others of equivalent se-
verity, shall, during continuance in the degree
specified so that it will read:
That the pension for permanont speoifie disa-
bilities, and others of equivalent severity, shall,
during continuance in the degree specified, be as
follows, &c.
According to the present law a fall pension
can be granted only in cases of permanent
disability, which is usually construed to be the
loss of a limb, or some wound upon the body,
from which it is physically impossible for a
person to recover. But it excludes a class of
persons injured during their service in the
Army, and who are just as much disabled and
just as much entitled to the bounty and assist-
ance of the Government, while the disability
continues, as are persons who are totally dis-
abled beyond all possibility of recovery.
I will refer more particularly to a case which
has been brought to my attention, and which
I think the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Moore] will concede is a very strong one.
In 1868 a disabled soldier applied for a pen
sion. Both of his lower limbs had been par-
alyzed from the effects of a fall from his horse
while in the service. He could not, lift his
feet from the ground, and he has not been
able to do so since that time. Ho has to drag
himself about, or be helped from place to place.
He is as helpless almost as an infant for many
purposes. And yet because the examining
surgeon reports that persons who are paralyzed
sometimes recover, and that this is a case where
there may possibly be a recovery, his claim for a
pension of twenty-five dollars per month is
rejected, and he is remanded back to a pen-
sion of eight dollars per month, he having
been pensioned at a time when eight dollars
per month was the highest pension allowed to
those of his rank and position in the service,
he having received but six dollars per month
at first. Instead of being allowed twenty-five
dollars a month for total disability, as any-
body must say he would be entitled to, he is
allowed only eight dollars per month. Yet he
is perfectly helpless—more so than if he had
lost both his feet.
Now, my amendment provides that in case
of total or equivalent disability the pension
shall be the same during the continuance of
the disability as in the case of one who is per-
manently disabled. 1 think it is but a matter
of common justice and humanity, whenever
there shall be cases of that sm-t, to give the
pension so long as the total disability exists.
It ought to be at the highest rate, just as much
as if the man's head had been taken off, it it
were possible for him to continue to live in
that condition.
Mr. MOORE. I think I can relieve my
friend from any apprehension in regard to this
section, which I am of opinion cannot be im-
proved. If the gentleman will notice, it pro-
vides—
That the pension for a permanent specific disabil-
ity named or described in this section shall be ns
follows, namely: the loss of both hands, or total
and permanent disability of the same; the loss of
the sight of both 'eyes, or the loss of the sight ot one
eve the sight of the other eye having previously
been lost; the loss of both feet, or total and perma-
nent disability of the same; or other total and per-
manent disability rendering the person utterly help-
less or so nearly so as to require the constant per-
sonal aid and attendance of another person, forty
dollars per month. &e.
Mr. BARBER. Change it so as to read
"or other total or permanent disability.''
Mr. NIBLACK. The word "permanent
in the first line is what I meant to get rid of.
Why not make it"" total specific disability t
Mr. DICKEY. Make it "total or perma-
nent disability."
Mr. MOORE. If the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Niblack] will give me his attention,
I will say that if the person, as in the case he
states, is totally paralyzed in both of his lower
limbs, lie is for the time totally disabled. This
bill makes provision for the Commissioner c
Pensions to examine ev^ry case, whenever hi-
may see fit to do so, even those cases passed
upon by special acts of Congress. The los3
of both feet or equivalent disability is intended;
that is what is meant by the bill—the loss o.f
both feet, or total or permanent disability.
Mr. NIBLACK. Let us amend the first
two lines as I propose, and we can afterward
discuss the other point.
Mr. MOORE. I wish to say further that
my friend is mistaken when he speaks of these
pensions dropping back to eight dollars a month.
Provision has been made for pensions at the rate
of thirteen, twenty, thirty, and forty dollars per
month,*t.he pensions being graded according to
the disability, so as to do equal and exact jus-
tice in every case. For instance, if a man
does not appear to be sufficiently disabled to
justify his drawing twenty dollars a month and
yet the ease is one of severe disability, the
pension may be fixed at thirteen dollars a
month, instead of eight dollars. I am clear in
my opinion that the language "total or per-
manent disability" will meet the whole ease,
and 1 will readily assent to that jimeiidment.
Mr. NJ BLACK. What is the objection to
accepting the amendment which L have offered
"to the first two linos? I ask the Clerk to read
the amendment again.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out the first two linos of section three down
to and including the word "shall" and insert tho
following:
That the pension for permanent, speoific disabili-
ties and others of equivalent sevonty, shall, during
continuance in the dogree specified, be—
Mr. MOORE. I will assent to that amend-
ment. I see no special objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move further to amend
by striking out in the third line the words
"and permanent," so that the provision shall
refer simply to "total disability."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move further to amend
by striking out in the seventh line the words
" and permanent."
Mr. MOORE. I do not object to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to amend by
striking out in line nine the word "constant"
and inserting "regular" where the provision
speaks of disability requiring "the constant
personal aid and attendance of another per-
son." In several cases which have come
within my knowledge, where there has been
practically total disability for any purpose of
business, where a person lias even been con-
fined to his bed, it has been held by the exam-
ining surgeon that because the person did not
require some one to be with him constantly
day and night he did not come within the con-
templation of this provision. I have there-
fore moved to araeud by inserting " regular
in place of "constant;" so that the phrase
will read, " regular personal aid and attend-
ance." . , ,,
Mr. MOORE. Why not say simply per-
sonal aid and attendance?"
Mr. NIBLACK. That will bo satisfactory
to me. I accept the modification suggested.
The amendment as modified wan agreed to.
Mr. NIBLACK. 1 move further to amend
the third section by striking out the word
"permanent " where it occurs in the eleventh
and twelfth lines.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NIBLACK. I ask the Clerk to read
the first proviso of the third section.
The Clerk read as follows :
Provided, That the pension for the loss of both
