1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1603
of these high officers, as much pinched as
they may be ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me say to the Sen-
ator that the pay of " the humble and lowly "
officers has been twice raised, while the sala-
ries of the bureau officers have not been raised.
At the time the salaries of the bureau officers
were fixed at $3,000 a clerk got but $700. The
latter have been raised up through gradations
to from $_1,200 to $1,800. These bureau offi-
cers have been neglected while all the rest
have been raised; therefore it is a case of
injustice ; this is a demand for equality.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not suppose the
propriety of the quantum of salary a man
ought to have depended on the number of
times it had been changed. I supposed it
depended on the amount of work he did, and
the amount of necessity hie experienced to
support himself and family. I never before
heard of computing a man's salary by looking
over the statutes and seeing how many times
it may have been changed. That is new logic
that may hold sway where the honorable Sen-
ator lives; not where I have been accustomed
to reside. The real truth is that it depends on
the desert of the officer and the importance and
responsibilities of the duties he has to per-
form. Therefore, if you find one class of offi-
cers to whom it maybe admitted, if you please,
that increased compensation ought to be made,
normally speaking, and if you find another
class, be they higher or be they lower, in the
same branches or in any other branch of the
public service, looking at whose compensation,
looking at whose services, you are obliged to
say that they are underpaid, then you cannot
say I will give to one and refuse to the other.
Hence, as I have suggested, you cannot draw
into consideration this question of increasing
salaries by the dozen, without also necessarily
drawing into question the compensation of all
similar officers, whether they are greater or
whether they are less ; and that is the objec-
tion to it here. No doubt at an appropriate
time, as I have stated, at the next session of
Congress, when we shall have come nearer to
knowing where we are in regard to receipts
and expenditures, the whole subject of salaries
ought to be readjusted and corrected and a
just and uniform scale ought to be adopted
which shall treat everybody alike.
Why, Mr. President, look at the gross in-
justice which we shall have perpetrated if we
adopt this amendment in the form the Sen-
ator from Ohio has offered it upon officers
already in this bill. In the case of one of
the officers in the New York assistant Treas-
ury, in order to equalize we have reduced in
fact the compensation we have been accus-
tomed to pay one officer by the sum of $500.
Then in the New York assay office the Senate
has agreed to reduced from $4,500 to $3,000
the salary of the deputy treasurer, in order to
put him on an equal footing with the assayer
and the melter and refiner in the same estab-
lishment. There would be extreme difficulty,
there would be an absolute impossibility, if
we raised the point upon that very section in
undoing what we have done in that respect.
Probably we have already agreed to it beyond
the hope of recall. Now, what sort of appear-
ance are we to present to the country reducing
the salary of the deputy treasurer of the assay
office in New York, who is responsible for
millions, whose labors are great, whose merit
is great, and increasing this bunch of officers,
who happen to have undergone the favorable
consideration and have been brought to the
favorable notice of the Committee on Finance?
Mr. President, we cannot defend such in-
justice. I only speak of this as oneiustance.
If, therefore, we are to go on with this amend-
ment, it will be necessary, unless we choose
to expose ourselves to the just charge of caprice
and favoritism, to go back over this bill and
rectify these cases where we have undertaken
to bring about harmony in the way that we
have. We must not only do that, butwe must go
back and increase salaries in those cases where
the committee was satisfied that in and of itself
an increase ought to be made, but did not re-
port it for the reason that we believed the Sen-
ate from having acted with us when we reported
a bill on the subject adversely would stand by
the committee not to increase salaries upon
this bill. Here is one instance under my eye.
The melter and refiner in the assay office at
New York has saved the Government, as the
official papers show in the last year, more than
fifty thousand dollars—I think in a year—and
I have made the statement very small. I only
speak from recollection, but he has saved very
large sums every year by a process invented
by him applied in the assay office in saving the
wastage as it is called, the gold dust that is
worn off and dropped upon the floors in the
processes of the office, and turned into the
Treasury. In that instance we were all satis-
fied it would be just of itself that this gentle-
man should have a largely increased compen-
sation ; but in obedience to what we under-
stood to be the judgment of the Senate ex-
pressed in the bill we reported upon adversely,
the very bill in substance now offered as an
amendment, and which we took pains to ex-
plain to the Senate in respect to the grounds
on which we reported against it, we thought
it right not to increase his salary. That is
another instance.
Now, what are wo to do? Are we to tell
the officers of this Government, except these
two dozen, that we do not care for them, that
we will not do justice to them, while we take
pains to go out of our way to provide an in-
crease for the few who happen to be close to
us, and who bring influences to bear upon us
of one kind and another? We cannot stand
upon any such ground as that.
Therefore, I say, as we are to go into the
business, it appears, I am for the amendment
of the honorable Senator from Illinois, not as
the honorable Senator from Ohio has imputed
to me, in order to break the original amend-
ment down ; but inasmuch as the Senate has
decided to consider this subject now, let us
consider it upon real and just grounds, and
wherever there is a worthy officer whose salary
ought to be increased let us increase it. I am
satisfied from my information that this officer
is one of that class.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I merely de-
sire to respond to an intimation of the Sena-
tor from Ohio, that a vote was given by me in
order ultimately to defeat the eutire amend-
ment proposed by him from the Committee on
Finance. I desire to say that it was from no
such purpose. The amendment proposed by
the Senator from Ohio was agreed to in com-
mittee by me, and I shall support it at any
time as a bill, and I shall not vote against
it when presented here as an amendment to
this bill, for the reason that it has been pre-
sented here for the last five or six years, T
think, and the general sentiment has been
that these officers ought to have their salaries
increased ; that they would command in pri-
vate employment a larger sum than is paid
them at the Treasury Department. I take it
that if we vote this increase of salary we shall
not add anything perhaps to the burdens of
the Treasury. In this very bill $22,000 is
appropriated to be allowed to be paid out by
the Secretary of the Treasury as he may see
fit, in addition to the compensation that clerks
and other employfis of his Department receive.
Now a word in relation to the amendment
inserting the Commissioner of Education.
Out of mere spite or something else the salary
of that officer was reduced last year from
$4,000 to $3,000. It was only proposed by
the Committee on Education that that should
be raised to its former position. In relation
to the amendment of the Senator from Illi-
nois, I must say that he has convinced me by
his statement that his was a meritorious amend-
ment. I maybe mistaken, but it struck me
that the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Illinois was a just and proper one.
Mr. LOGAN. ' I desire to call the attention
of the Senate for a moment to one or two
points that seem to me to be, not intentionally,
however, misrepresented all the time by the
Senator from Ohio. He speaks of this proposi-
tion slightingly, and treats it as a trivial matter.
He says in reference to this officer that he
merely goes around. That is not quite the way
to speak of officers who perform their duty,
especially when yoa put into your increase a
.similar officer and call him a bureau officer,
when the law does not authorize him to be so
designated. When I first suggested my amend-
ment I understood the Senator from Ohio to
say that his amendment applied only to bureau
officers, and his objection to my proposition
was that the officer was not a bureau officer.
When I asked the Senator from Ohio if the
supervising architect was included he said he
was. I then asked him if "he was a bureau
officer." He replied to me, "I will hunt the
law for the Senator from Illinois." 1 merely
asked him if it were so, simply to see whether
he was including only bureau officers or putting
in those who were not. It was not necessary
to reply to me in that way about hunting the
law. I asked as politely as I knew how for
the information. I am not so totally ignorant
as the gentleman may suppose, because I can
find laws for myself when it is necessary for
me to examine them, and probably as readily
as the Senator from Ohio.
But so far as this amendment is concerned
he says it was moved in opposition to his
proposition. That statement is not correct as
applicable to me. 1 have supported the prop-
osition from the beginning; I voted against
laying it on the table and 1 shall do so again.
I shall vote for the supervising architect's
salary being raised. I think it ought to be
raised. Why ? Because he is a meritorious
officer and entitled to more than the law now
gives him. That is the reason for it; not
because he is from Ohio or because he is not
from Ohio, but because he is a meritorious
officer. The reason I offer the amerdment
for the supervising surgeon of marin' •, hos-
pitals is because he is a meritorious officer
and entitled to increased pay, and because his
duties are onerous. He does not marely
travel around like a circus, but he sits in his
office and works night and day, works as hard
as the supervising architect, has charge of one
hundred and thirty-five hospitals, and I will
inform the Senator from Ohio—no, I will not
say that I inform him, because he needs no
information—but I will say to the rest of the
Senate, that he has charge of the buildings
that the supervising architect constructs, and
the additions that are made to them are made
on the recommendation of the supervising
surgeon of hospitals. Every change that is
made is on his suggestion : all the furniture
that is procured for these hospitals is pro-
cured on the recommendation of this surgeon.
Everything in connection with these hospitals
is looked after by him. He is not merely to
travel around like some of your_ inspecting
agents that you talk about, but it is an office
where a man is required by the duties thereof
to be there constantly almost, night and day.
Now, let me say to the Senator from Ohio
that he misunderstands the facts, or at least
did not intend to say what he did say in refer-
ence to detailing officers from the Army to
perform this duty in the Treasury Department.
Mr. SHERMAN. Surgeons.
Mr. LOGAN. Surgeons of the Army are
officers of the Army. Now let us see whether
that can be done or not. Can the Secretary
of the Treasury, a civil officer, issue an order
to an Army officer detailing him to perform
duty under'him? Is not that absurd? Does
not everybody know that there is no such
power, and never has been ? And does not
