656
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 27,
Ho. of Reps.
The District of Columbia—Mr. Chipman.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
the lateral streets; have you observed the grades
there?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. Will you state your opinion as to the
present grade, whether you think it is a proper
one?
"Answer. I am of the conviction that it is the
grade which should*have been established years
before. I think it there is any mistake in this ques-
tion it is in the legislation. Tho problem given to
the Bnard of Public Works has been one of engineer-
ing. I think that the people would notobjectto these
improvements, if there had been legislation to pro-
vide remuneration tor d.images in full, and I think
that the complaints raised arise from the fact that
this was not provided tor by legislation. Consider-
ing it simply as a question of grade, for tho purpose
of drainage, the circulation ot the atmosphere and
easy communication, and the ornamentation of the
city, I think the grade is the one that should be
established there. As an illustration: going along
Pennsylvania avenue you can now look right down
these cross-streets to the river. It makes a beau-
tiful effect in that way, which should be taken into
consideration in the establishment of the grades of
the city.
" Question. Would not the grade have been more
desirable for the purpose if it had not been cut down
quite so much?
"Answer. I do nqt think you could have accom-
plished this without making it as deep as it is.
"Question. What has been the effect, in your
judgment, up to the present time, of the improve-
ments in that section upon the value of the prop-
erly in that vicinity ?
"Answer. I believe it will increase the value of the
property. That is my feeling iu regard to a small
piece of property that I bought there before the
improvements were commenced. The mass of the
property is unimproved."
But I leave tny colleague to defend him-
self against manifest ignorance or perversion
of the facts iti the face of the plain, blunt truth,
given I)}' a plain, blunt, honest man, who owns
propeity affected by the change, who bus lived
in that, neighborhood many years, who is a
practical surveyor and engineer, Mr. William
Forsyth, as already quoted.
this improvement not a nkw idea.
Another fact in this connection must not
be overlooked. The grade as now established
for this part of the city is no new idea, and
if my colleague had been disposed to do the
board justice he would have made some men-
tion of the fact. The original plans for this
improvement were the production of Ran-
dolph Coyle, one of the oldest and mosthighly
respected public officers the city ever had.
These plans were brought before the commit-
tee and identified by Mr. Forsyth, who lias had
them in charge since they were made. The
work was actually commenced nearly twenty
years «go, and would have been completed
upon the very plans adopted by the Board of
Public Works but for an injunction sued out,
which Mr. Coyle did not seem to have the
coutMxe to push to final decision, as our board
had when interrupted by a similar proceed-
ing. (Record, pxge 724.)
The extent of this improvement, its cost,
and the severe criticism to whicli it has been
suhjeced by my colleague, are friy justifica-
tion tor giving ihe testimony fully upon this
point. 1 extract from pages 669, 670 :
" Question. Have you the old plan of the grade of
B1 stieet?
"Answer. Yes, [producing it.J
"Mr. Chandler stated to the committee that the
plan propo>ed was signed by Mr. Randolph Coyle,
and he read the following extract from a note at the
loot of the plan :
44' The resolut ion of the corporation which referred
this matter to me restricted my examination to F
street, and thence .south to the canal, and to the
streets from Seventeenth to Nineteenth, both inclu-
sive. The changes suggested in F street, c m be con-
stricted as an independent proposition. They con-
stitute a valuable but expensive improvement, the
adoption of which, though very desirable, is not
indispensable t<> the rest ot the plan. At the junc-
tion ot F and Seventeenth, however, I think the
charge should be insisted on.'
" Question^ Can you state the age of this plan ?
"Aiiticer. There is no date to it. It was prepared
while Mi. Cojie was corporation surveyor.
" Qu'-sfio'i. Do you understand it to be apian pre-
pared by Mr Randolph Coyle?
"Answer. Yes ; it has been filed in the surveyor's
office.
"Question. State the cutting indicated on the plan,
at F and Seventeenth streets,
"Answer. Three ieet from these figures.
" Mr. Crane. I objeot to the introduction of such
a document, covered all over with peacil-marks. It
was stated by Mr. Shepherd the other day. that he
could tell not}, tng by the grade-books or grade-maps,
they are marked over so many times.
"Mr. Chandler. The older it is, and the more
covered with marks it is. the better. I also put in
this plan, signed by Mr. Randolph Coyle, and dated
Washington, November 13,1805 :
" By Mr. Chipman :
"Question. Are these plans on file as original
plans?
"Answer. Yes, sir; they are taken from tho sur-
veyor's office.
"Question. Have they been changed by anybody
in your office, that you are aware ot?
"Answer. No,sir; we never use them.
" By Mr. Roosevelt :
''Question. How do you know that this is t"he map
prepared by Mr. Coyle ?
"Answer, i heard so from Mr. Forsyth. There is
nothing On it to show.
"Question. Did you make up the estimates of
expenses for the city, generally?
"Answer. No, sir; I made up some of them; not
all.
"Question. What was the meaning of this deduc-
tion of twenty per cent, for cash on these esti-
mates?
"Answer. These were prepared before I had con-
nection with the board.
"Question. Did that, in your judgment, indicate
tho difference in the value of tho old city certifi-
cates and ready money, or cash?
"Answer. I am not prepared to make any state-
ment, on that point.
" Mr. Chandler read and put in evidence the in-
dorsement ot Mr." Coyle, ou the profile of Seven-
teenth street, as follows :
Washington City, November 13,1855.
Sir: I have constructed, for your information,
this plan and profile of Seventeenth street west,
from Pennsylvania avenue to the canal, on which
I have shown the grades from the south side of New
York avenue to the canal, recommended by me to
the corporation several years ago; and also* as I
understand it, the grade established by an actofthe
coiporution pushed in September last. The blue
grade-line is that which I recommended. The red
grade-line is that which the corporation enacted.
The black line, shaded thus —V-\—-V-v-shows the
surlacc of the ground along tho middle of the street,
as it was when, in compliance with the special re-
quest of the corporation, I made my examination
and report. There is in the oiiy surveyor's office a
map which accompanied my report, showing the ad-
jacent streets and their grades,which will give you a
more comprehensive view of the subject than can be
had from this isolated plan. This, being drawn on a
much laiger scale, conveys a clearer idea of the par-
ticular locality. Ihopeitwill be satisfactory to you.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
RANDOLPH COYLE.
John T. Towers, esq., Mayor.
"Mr. Crane remarked that there was nothing to
show that there was any act of the corporation
authoiizing this grade, and no evidence that the
plan was signed by Randolph Coyle.
"Mr. Chandler remarked that it came from the
archives <>f the city.
"Mr. Crane, after inspecting the memorandum
above quoted, expressed tho opinion that it was m
Mr. CoyJe's writing."
We have, then, the living and the dead
testifying to the value and importance of this
improvement.
But my colleague is guilty not only of mis-
representing the facts he states, and suppress-
ing others more important in the particulars
which I have mentioned, but he sums up in a
paragraph a most remarkable combination of
errors which 1 deem it ray duty to unmask. I
quote from his speech as follows:
"Whether there was actual corruption in this
proceedingl will leave to inference. No money was
paid lor it to my knowledge. We can presume it
w..s an act of supreme folly if we would be very
charitable. It is true that tho vice president of the
Board of Works, who was mainly instrumental in
having thewoik commenced, (page 14,; owned a
valuable row of houses on thestreet, and 'hey alone
of all the property affected were benefited, but this
may have only been a coincidence—a strange one,
and fortunate for the owner, but still only a coinci-
dence." * > # * * H * *
" In this case, however, there was no benefit what-
ever, but simple, unrelieved injury instead, not a
single independentresident on either street approv-
ing of the chauge or tailing to reprobate and de-
nounce it."
My colleague sat as a judge, if at all—not
as an advocate, nor as a champion of the thou-
sand memorialists. He has no right to leave
anything to inference. To do it is as cowardly
as it is unjust. This House wants the truth,
not inferences. He does not say that the ques-
tion of corruption is matter of inference only;
but he says, 441 leave to inference," &c. The
Board of Public Works are entitled to fair
treatment at the hands of its judges, and 1
submit that such reckless use of power by one
who stands in the relation my colleague does
is wholly improper and reprehensible. What
are the facts? The inference which my col-
league would draw or the corruption which
he insinuates lies (I mean the corruption in-
sinuated, not ray colleague) in a total suppres-
sion of tlie facts. I would not pursue the
matter if my colleague had not compelled it.
1 quote from Mr. Shepherd's testimony, (pages
681 and 582:)
"By Mr. Chandler:
" Question. SLate with reference, to the F street
improvement. State the history of it, and what
your opinion is with reference to its effect on prop-
erty in that vicinity, and between F street and the
river.
"Answer. I have already stated, in my examina-
tion by the other side, what my opinion is. At first
I was bitterly opposed to the improvement; but
after examining the matter thoroughly 1 became
convinced that it was the only thing that would
reclaim and redeem that section of theoity.
" Qwstion. The charge has been made that that
impiovement had a distinct reference to the benefit
and improvement s! your property on that street.
"Answer. That is a He out ot whole cloth. That
is the way 1 answer that question..
" Bv Mr. Harmer :
" Question. When that street was cut down it was
necessary to m.ike costly improvements in front of
the property. Was that made at your cost?
"Answer. Yes, sir, every dollar of it. The houses
were about finished before the cutting began. As a
consequence I was deprived of the rent'of thein for
six or eight months, and besides had to pay the
whole expense from my own pocket.
" Question. In improving the front of other prop-
erty on the line ot that street, is that done at the
cost ot the Board ot Public Works, or ot the indi-
vidual owners ?
" Answer. That is a matter to be determined. I
think that where property is damaged there should
be a betterment Jaw by which the benefits and dam-
ages may be assessed. Where the cutting is so deep
as to seriously damage the property, both benefits
and damages have to be taken into consideration.
"Question. Has the Board ot Public Works the
power now to do that?
"Answer. No, sir.
"Question. You have power to determine what
shall be treated as a special improvement to the
property-owners ?
"Answer. That will require further legislation.
Question. You say th.it you opposed the lower-
ing ot the grade on F street. Do you mean that
you opposed any lowering of the grade ?
"Answer. I wanted the street trimmed down, and
had a bill passed by the councils appropriating $60J
to have it trimmed eighteen inches ortwoteei. I
supposed that tbat sum would be ample to do the
work.
*' Question. State whether or not at that time you
had any intention of lowering the grade to the point
to which it is now lowered.
Answer. None at all; not the slightest idea of it.
" Question. When was the idea first adopted of
lowering the grade?
"Answer. When Mr, Forsvth came to see me one
day, and told me <>t the original grade ot the street
as e*tabhshed by Mr. Randolph Coyle. He stated
the fact that about seventeen years before he had
attempted toca'ry out the present grade, but was
stopped by an injunction originated by a Mr. Mc-
Kean, who lived on Seventeenth street. Tnat was
after the board was in operation.
" By Mr. Eldredge :
" Question. Wnat was the condition of your houses
at the time the lowering of the grade was determ-
ined upon ?
"Answer. They were finished.
" Question. How are those houses now with refer-
ence to that grade; how are the water-tables with
reference to it?
"Answer. Instead of having eight or ten steps as
I contemplated, the highest has now twenty-oue or
twenty-two steps.
"By Mr. Harmer :
" Question, Is the lower floor of your houses as far
above the grade ot the street as other houses on the
line of the street?
AtiKtrtt. Pretty nearly; probably Mr. Lenthall's
house is a little higher than mine; the cutting was
deeper there; the tiuinp in the street was greater at
that point.
m "By Mr. Eldredge:
" Question. Are your houses constructed as they
should have been it the grade had been determined
upon at the time when you commenced to build
them ?
"Answtr. Certainly not; I should have saved from
eight to ten thousand dollais if the grade had been
established before I commenced to build.
"Question. State wherein they would have been
differently constructed.
