4292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
House expressed himself as satisfied with this
appropriation, and was rather grateful to the
committee for making it so large, and I had
hoped that my honorable friend from Minne-
sota would express gratitude that this appro-
priation was so large, instead of asking that it
toe doubled.
Mr, RAMSEY. I am not astonished that
my colleague ift the House in his modesty
should be surprised that he got anything at all.
The State of Michigan gesw live or six hundred
thousand dollars in this-bill; the State of Wis-
consin about that much i and here is Minnesota
put off with about one hundred thousand dol-
lars. I am not astonished that my colleague
in the other House was a little surprised that
he got anything at all, and that he expressed
gratitude for getting the small amount con-
tained in the bill. I hope, sir, that the Senate
will consent to make this slight increase. I
trust the chairman of the committee will not
persist in his opposition.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 hope the amendment
will not be agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the amendment, and declared that the
noes appeared to have it.
Mr. RAMSEY. I shall ask for a division,
rather than leave so proper a thing to so
doubtful a vote as that.
Mr. HOWE. The Senate is thin, and I*
suggest to the Senator to have a division when
the Senate is fuller.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well; I will defer it
for the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The amend-
ment is not agreed to.
Mr. PRATX'. I move to amend the bill on
page 7, line one hundred and fifty-lour, by
inserting after the word " river" the words
" and the harbors thereof;" so that the clause
read:
I said that the Government had never made
any appropriation forthe improvement of this
For tho improvement of the Ohio rivor ami the
harbors thereof, including repair of the Cumberland
dam, $200,000.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is no objection
to that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. I move further to amend the
bill on page 8, line one hundred and seventy-
six, by striking Out " fifty" and inserting "one
hundred so that tho clause will read :
For the improvement of tho Wiilmth rivor, Indi-
ana, couiinunumic at its mouth, 8100,000.
With the leave of the Senate, I will submit
in connection with this motion some remarks.
This is the first appropriation that has ever
been made for the improvement of that river.
The PRESIDING OFFICEli. The Chair
would remind tho Senator that, while his
remarks are in order, the live-minutes rule
applies.
Mr. PRATT. The only appropriation that
has ever been made in Indiana for any purpose
of this sort has bemi for the improvement of
the harbor at Michigan City, and from the year
1836 down to'the present time the sum total
of all the appropriations for the benefit of that
harbor does not exceed, 1 suppose, $150,000.
The Wabash river, after taking its rise in
northwestern Ohio, runs in a southwesterly
direction a distance of about five hundred
miles, and empties into the Ohio river about
one hundred and thirty miles above its mouth.
For two hundred miles it is the boundary line
between the States ofindianaand Illinois, which
States rank as the fifth and sixth, according to
the late census, in point of population. The
population in the several counties on each side
of the river between La Fayette and the mouth
of the river is as follows: there are nine
counties in the State of Indiana bordering
upon the river between those two points, the
population of which is 216,564 ; there are nine
counties bordering upon tho river upon the
west with a population amounting to 141,305,
making tho total 307,889; aud the increase
of the population of those counties during the
last decade was forty per cent.
river; but about twenty-five or thirty years ago
aoompany which was chartered by the States
of Indiana and Illinois expended some ninety
thousand dollars in improving the river about
ninety-five miles above its mouth at a point
where the greatest obstruction occurs called
Grand Rapids. A data was built and a lock.
The company for a few years removed the
"obstructions in the river so that the commerce
amounted twenty years ago to between four and
five million dollars. The dam at this time is
in a ruinous condition and is liable to be car-
ried away at any moment by a freshet. The
lock being a wooden one is liable to tumble
in at any time when the lock is open.
The engineer department estimate that the
sum of $282,247 84 is sufficient to remove all
the obstructions in the river and to make it
navigable. The principal obstruction   the
river, as I have stated, is that which occurs at
Grand Rapids, and the estimate of the engin-
eer department for the removal of the obstruc-
tions there is $135,000, and Major Weitzel
recommends that the sum of $175,000 should
be appropriated to be expended this present
year in the removal of the obstructions at
Grand Rapids, or rather, in the rebuilding of
the dam and lock at that point. That is the
recommendation of the engineer department,
and yet this bill appropriates Only the sum of
$50,000, which is altogether insufficient for
that purpose.
To show the amount of business that was
transacted when this dam was built, I may
state that twenty years ago two hundred and
thirty steamboats passed that lock during one
year, and it is estimated that if the obstruc-
tions m the river were removed at this time
the commerce would amount to some twenty
or twenty-live million dollars a year. The
obstructions at Grand Rapids consist in a fall
of ten feet in the river for a distance of some
seven hundred feet, and it is utterly impossible
without the renewal of the drfm and the lock
at that place to navigate the upper part of the
river. I do hope, therefore, that the Senate
will increase this appropriation from $50,000
to $100,000. When it is considered that this
is the first appropriation that has ever been
made by Congress for the improvement of that
great stream 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the oliair.) The Senator's time has
expired.
Mr. COLE. I suppose it has escaped the
attention, both of the Committee on Commerce
and the Senator from Indiana, that there is
no estimate at all lor this improvement of the
Wabash river, and how it came in the bill I
am at a loss to know. I think the proper
course would be to have an investigation by
the engineer department as to the necessity
of sin improvement of this kind before we
made an appropriation of $50,000 or $50. I
notice the same thing in reference to several
other items in this bill. There seems to have
baen no estimate for them, and we have no
information, certainly no authentic informa-
tion, nonesuch as we nsualty rely upon, from
the engineer department to satisfy us as to
whether the appropriation should be made or
not.
The second section of this bill make provis-
ion for an examination of different localities
throughout the whole country for the purpose
of determining whether these improvements of
rivers and harbors are necessary forthe benefit
of commerce. But for iis to go ahead of that
and make a large appropriation of fifty or one
hundred thousand dollars blindly without know-
ing whether there is a necessity for it or not,
without any investigation or examination by
the skillful oliicers of the engineer corps, is
something beyond the practice of Congress.
Mr. PRATT. I beg to correct my friend
from California. This river has been surveyed.
1 have before me the report of Major Weitzel.
Mr. COLE. I am speaking of the book of
estimates of this year, under which we are
making these appropriations, and it is not in
the book of estimates.
Mr. PRATT. Will my friend from Califor-
nia indulge me in reading a single paragraph
from the report of Major Weitzel? It will
occupy but a minute :
"The Wabash with its branches drains the larger
portion of the State of Indiana, a portion oi the
State of Ohio, and quite a large portion of the btate
of Illinois. It flows in a southwesterly direction
through the northern portion of Initiate, strikes
the boundary line between tho two great States ot
Indiana and Illinois a short distance below ierve
Haute, Indiana ; thon for nearly two hundred miles
of its course it forms the boundary between these
two States, and empties into the Ohio river about
one hundred and thirty miles above the mouth ot
the latter. It is the most important northern branch
of the Ohio river. Below its mouth the Ohio river
contains but few obstructions to navigation, and
these will probably soon be removed, ihe three
cities, Lafayette, Terre Haute, and Vmcenues, are
situated on this river. .
" Twenty years ago the annual value ot the com-
merce ot this river and its branches, in wheat, corn,
pork, and live stock alone, amounted to about tour
million dollars. Since then, and especially within
the last few years, iron and coal veins have been
opened^ ^ ^ eommerce ^as y,ecn nearly en-
tirely ruined by the obstructions in the river. A
look at the Grand Rapids, and a few improvements
at other points, were made by private enterprise.
But n-me of these improvements were ot a substan-
tial character, and are consequently now in decay.
*' Now, if this river could be improved only as lar
up as Lafayette, Indiana, not only would its former
commerce return, but it would steadily increase by
the development of the mineral resources adjacent
to it, and by tlie continued increase of the popula-
tion. The soil adjacent to this river is of the most
productive kind."
That is what the engineer department say
in relation to the importance of this improve-
ment.
Mr. COLE. These are very interesting
geographical facts, giving us the location of
the river, and so on, all of which we could
have ascertained from the common school
geographies as well as from the report of
General Weitzel as given in that document.
I do not know but that some improvement on
this river is necessary ; but my point is that
there has been' no estimate of the amount that
is required to make the improvements, or even
to show us further than that document that
they are necessary. I am not opposing, how-
ever, the clause in the bill as it came to us
from the House, but I feel like opposing the
amendment, because it is going altogether too
far to ask an additional appiopriation of so
large an amount without the data upon which
we usually rely in making these appropria-
tions.
Mr. PRATT. If my friend will allow
me——
Mr. COLE. T think we have both consumed
the time allotted to uS.
Mr. PRATT. I will only repeat that the
improvements heretofore have been entirely
by private enterprise. The Wabash^ is the
largest tributary of the Ohio river. The vat-
ley of the Wabash is one of the most fruitful
valleys in the Northwest. Before the war
there was no valley so much resorted to by
the produce dealers of New Orleans and other
southern cities to supply the cotton States with
food as the Wabasfi valley. This river has
never received the aid of a single dollar from
the Government. Its improvement has de-
pended entirely upon private enterprise.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The Sen-
ator from California has spoken his five min-
utes.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from California
has not.
The'PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oaliforhia yielded his time to the
Senator from Indiana.
Mr. COLE. 1 could not help myself.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Cali-
fornia is mistaken in supposing that there is
no estimate for this Work. There is an esti-
mate for the improvement of the locks at the
Grand Rapids of $125,000. The amount ap-
propriated by the House committee, $50,000,
