, i8?2.j
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
657
42d Cong....2d Sess.
The District of Columbia—Mr. Ohipmcxn.
Ho. of Beps.
r. I should not hare incurred the expease
of terracing: I wouJd have had another finished j
story to the houses at less expense, and avoldea j
steps, which cost from seven to eight thousand dol- |
lars. ;
" Question. What difference would you have mitde !
in the formation of the houses themselves? j
"Answer. I would not have set them so higrh from 1
the ground as to require twenty-one steps to reach j
thein: I would have set theuidown so sis to reach i
thein by eight or ten ?teps, as the original plan, '
drawn by Mr. Morseli, shows.#
" Question. How long ago did you purchase that
property?
"Answer. I have owned the property some eight-
een months or two years, and commenced the houses
about two or three or four months after the pur-
chase.
" Question. What did you pay for that property?
"Awncer. I paid for one hundred and fifty or one
hundred and seventy feet of it eighty-five cents a
foot, and for the other sixty feet I paid sixty cents.
" Queitwn. Who owns the property exactly oppo-
site yours ?
" Answer. Mr. Alexander did own it.
" Question. Is that unimproved property?
" Atifnoer. Yes.
" Question. How much is it worth a foot?
"Answer. I think it would be low at one dollar a
foot.
Did my colleague hear this testimony; or
has he read it; or does he doubt the veracity
of the witness? Will he still insist upon his
inference? Will he insinuate what he has not
the courage to assert? Let me tell him what
a life-time friend of this witness said on the wit-
ness-stand. I quote (page 694) the testimony
of Dr. John B. Blake. His name is the syn-
onym of honesty here, and one word of his
in this community is worth more than a mil-
lion of my colleague's insinuations.
"Question. Do you know Mr. Shepherd?
"Answer. Intimately.
"Question. How long have you known him V
"Answer. I knew his father and mother locg
befoie he was born.
"Question. Are you disposed in aay way to ques-
tion the integrity of Ms actions?
"Answer. I should as soon thihk of questioning
my own integrity.
"Question. You think he is above suspicion?
"Ansicer. X think so. He ought to be, from my
knowledge of him."
Dr. Blake is not the friend of this District
government. On the contrary he has opposed
its plans of improvement, and has contributed
of his means to carry on the measures of
obstructioH to this government.
But the contradiction to my colleague's in-
sinuation does notiest alone upon Mr. Shep-
herd's testimony. The evidence of other mem-
bers of the board and of numerous witnesses
shows that in the small paragraph which I have
quoted from my colleague he is grossly unjust
in his inference, and that the paragraph con-
tains at least four palpable, and if I were as
reckless as my colleague in deriving inferences
I might say willfully stated errors. Let me
articulate these errors:
First. I have shown that the improvement
was not an act of supreme folly.
Second. My colleague cites page 14 to show
that Mr. Shepherd was mainly instrumental in
having the work commenced, but page 14 gives
the testimony of Mayor Emery to show the one
thing which all admit, that Mr. Shepherd was
instrumental in having an appropriation of
$600 made by the corporation to trim P street.
The subsequent improvement, against which
complaint is made, was not thought of until
long after, and was opposed at first by Mr.
Shepherd himself.
Third. The statement of my colleague that
Mr. Shepherd's houses were the only ones
benefited is wilder than any witness, however
prejudiced against the board, had the hardi-
hood to testify. This part of my colleague's
speech only shows how a prosecuting attorney
may let his imagination run Sway with the tes-
timony and overreach himself in the extrava-
gance of hia presentation of it. I suppose my
friend had some ditn recollection of some tes-
timony given some time in the early part of the
winter by a group of pleasant old gentlemen
who have lived for the past quarter of a century
42d Cono. 2d Sess.—No. 42.
in that qtliefc and unfredueiited part bf Wash-
ington ivhich the Board of Public Works and
my friertd have brought io prominently into
public notice. But if he had reviewed the tes-
timbay, or had been more scrupulous in statiftg
tbe feets, he Would not have done Mr. Shep-
herd the injustice he has. I will quote from
the testimony of Columbtis Alexander, (page
27.) who is a fair specimen of this group:
"By Mr. Roosevelt :
Question. In this sale which yon have made, is
tho purchaser to p&y the tax for the improyements ?
"Answer. Yea.
" Question. Do you think that Mr. Shepherd's prop-
erty is improved?
Answer. I think his property is very mueh
improved; more so than anybody else's on the
btreet."
If ray colleague had really, as be says in his
speech, entertained at the beginning favorable
opinions of the board, be would not have
dropped this witness at this point, as he did.
The witness had just stated that he owned
vacant property immediately opposite Mr.
Shepherd's, and it was already manifest from
the testimony that the grading improved the
vacant property much more than that Upon
which hoases were already built. Mark the
contrast now between the examination of this
witness by my colleague, Mr. Roosevelt,
and his examination by my colleague, Mr.
Eldredge, who followed tbe investigation
with a manifest determination feo go to the
bottom of the charges:
" By Mr. Eldredge :
"Question. JdUw is it as to your property exactly
opposite Shepherd's—is that improved ?
"Answer. I do not think it is.
41 Question. Why is it not as much improved as
Mr. Shepherd's ?
"Answer. Shepherd's is cut down and terraced.
" Question. When yours is cut down and terraced,
will it not be as much improved as Shepherd's ?
"Answer. No; mine is on the wrong side of the
street; I think that property on the other side is
more valuable.
" Question. Will not the improvements appreciate
that as much in proportion as Shepherd's ?
"Answer. I do not think it will er.^etly; it may,
perhaps.
" Question. If not, why not?
"Ansioer, I do not say that it has not improved it
proportionately.
"Question. It was not worth as much originally
as Shepherd's?
" Answer. I do not think that his was worth any
more.
" Question. I suppose you meant that the opposite
side of the street Was more valuable?
*' Answer. Rather more desirable, and perhaps
some people think it a little more valuable.
" Question. Aside from that, is not your property,
exactly opposite his, as much improved, propor-
tionately, as his?
"Answer. It may be.
" Question. What is your opinion ?
"Answer. That is my opinion.
" Question. Bo you not think yourself that the
property on that street has been appreciated in
value by the improvements, take all together?
Answer. It may be so.
" Question. That is your opinion ?
"Answer. My opinion is, that I cannot see much
difference in the value, judging from what I have
asked for the property heretofore.
" Question, Is it your opinion that the value of
property in the whole street has improved or not?
"Answer. I cannot see that it has increased in
value.''
Here is a witness called by the memorialists,
who, in a short paragraph, explodes at least
two of the imaginary charges of my colleague,
and illustrates how the truth may be brought
to the light or smothered just as the interro-
gator is disposed to develop or obscure it.
But numerous as are the proofs that this
charge of my colleague is purely imaginative,
I shall make but one more quotation from the
testimony, which, while it settles tbe question,
at the same time shows how much Mr. Alex-
ander was mistaken, as welt as my colleague.
I quote from the testimony of R. M. Hall,
(page 640,) who was Mr. Alexander's agent for
the sale of this very property:
" Question, Have sales been made at higher figures?
"Iwwer. Yes, sir; I know of one on that famous
F street improvement. I had that property of Col-
onel Alexander's a year ugo, opposite Mr. Shep-
herd's buildings, and offered it for c-a-le for some time
at sixty cents. I had written authority from him to
sell at that price. I suppose it was three months in
my possession at that price. He afterward took it
into his own possession, and I understand he has
since bargained for it for one dollar a foot. I found
DO purchaser. I do not know when he - old it. It
was since the street was cut down. I tried to sell it,
but there was no application for it. I  iso had prop-
erty on Connecticut avenue, wiiich Ioffered forborne
time for fifteen cents. It has been sold recently for
twenty-five cents." * * * * * *
"By Mr. Eldkbdoe:
" Question. When was that property of Golonel
Alexander, on F street, sold ?
"Answer. It was after the improvements com-
menced. He declined to sell it at the price for which
he had previously offered it. Up to that timehe was
ready to sell it for sixty cents a foot. I think it was
gold two or three months ago ; since these improve-
ments commenced, eertainly."
Fourth. The fourth misrepresentation which
I notice in the paragraph just quoted from my
colleague i3 that not a single independent res-
ident ou either street approved of the change
or failed to reprobate and denounce it. A
sufficient answer to this is found in the testi-
mony of General Babcock, already quoted,
(pages 631, 632.)
It is not calculated to elevate the standard
of morals in this House to find one of its mem-
bers, who is just now building largely on his
reputation for unearthing municipal corrup-
tion, and is supposed to possess most of the
cardinal virtues, so ready to ride to higher
fame at the expense of truth. The role of re-
former is truly a grand one in these times of
dishonesty; but no man can achieve greatness
in this character without having some small
capacity to discriminate between the true and
the false.
I think no one can read the testimony in the
record and not come to the conclusion that
the improvement known as F street improve-
ment was of great advantage to that portion
of the city, and certainly no one who will take
the trouble to make an ocular examination can
come to any other conclusion. That quarter
of the city will be remembered as one of the
most unattractive and unsightly and disagree-
able of all those portions which pretend to
have been improved. Its unhealthiness has
been proverbial. South of F street was ah un-
developed portion of tbe city, low and marshy,
and for the purposes of residence totally worth-
less. The grading has not only improved the
streets which we have been examining, but the
earth taken into this lower ground has brought
into market those swamps and marshes, ren-
dering them less unhealthy; and that whole
part of the city is fast emerging into a valua-
ble quarter for residences. As an evidence <jf
this, the Superintendent of Public Buildings
and Grounds has obtained from Congress aa
appropriation to fence and improve the public
square lying south of F street and west of Sev-
enteenth, where hitherto no one would think
of residing and where property had no appre-
ciable value. Lots fronting upon that pro-
posed square cannot now be bought probably
for less than fifty to seventy-five eents a foot
that two years ago could have been bought for
fifteen cents.
The improvement has been an expensive
one, and the only j>ractieal question in this
connection is whether it was wise. The only
point of any significance which I have thought
would be made against the board for this im-
provement is whether the value of the property
in that, vicinity of the city would justify so
large an expenditure in bringing it forward,
audi was inclined to a negative opinio!', upon
this question until there was produced betore
the committee an abstract showing the assessed
value of real estate lying south of Pennsylvania
avenue and west of Seventeenth street, giving
a total assessment of $4,215,551. (Page 679.)
Furthermore, I believe it is a fair deduction
from the testimony that the property iu that
part of the city will be enhanced by this im-
provement in one year more than enough to
replace the cost of it.
