1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
709
the committee. 1 now renew the call for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered ; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed for a third readiug; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SHELLABAIIGER moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RIVERS AND IIAIIHORS OF LONG ISLAND.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York, by unan-
imous consent, submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War bo requested
to report to the House such surveys of rivors and
harbors of Long Island as have been completed since
the general report.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
investigation os1 bank suspensions.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, by unan-
imous consent, submitted the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, aud
agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Banking and
Currency have power to send lor persons and pupors
in conducting the examinations into the causes of the
voeent suspension of national banks directed to
bo made by the resolution of this House adopted
I>eoember 19,1871.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was adopted ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ACTUAL SKTILKltS.
Mr. KETCHAM, from the Committee on
the Public Lands, moved that, the committee
be discharged from the further consideration
of the bill (H. it. No. 697) for the relief of
actual settlers on certain lands in the Terri-
tory of Colorado, and for other purposes, and
that the same be referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
order op business.
Mr. SARGENT. I call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour now
begins at twenty minutes before one o'clock,
and the committees will be called for reports,
beginning with the Committee on the Revision
of the Laws.
Mr. BUTLElt, cf Massachusetts. I will
yield the floor first to the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Poland.]
statute ok l11utatj0n6.
Mr. POLAND, from the Committee on
Revision of the Laws of the United States,
reported back the bill (H. R. No. 188) to
extend the time in which certain offenses may
be prosecuted, with an amendment.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that no person shall be prosecuted, tried, or
punished for forgery, perjury, subornation of
perjury, or other offense hereafter committed
in the application lor, or prosecution of any
claim for any pension or bounty money or lands,
unless a prosecution for such offense shall be
duly instituted within four years next after such
offense shall be committed. The second sec-
tion provides that prosecutions for any of tho
offenses named in the preceding section shall
not be barred or affected by any prior statute
Of limitations; nor shall this act have any
effect upon the prosecution of any offense
committed prior to its passage.
Mr. POLAND. The committee have re-
ported an amendment that the word " four,"
in the last line of the first section, be stricken
out, and the word "five" substituted; so as to
make the time five years instead of four.
The SPEAKER. The amendment will be
made, if there be no objection.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 object.
Mr. POLAND. I will state in a word or
two the need of this bill. Gentlemen will
notice that it only applies to crimes committed
in applying for pensions and bounties. The
general statute of limitations in reference to
offenses against the United States which ap-
plies to all offenses of this kind is two years,
fn procuring these pensions and bounties evi-
dence is taken, not in general court, but nn
agent goes about, and this evidence is taken
privately, and nobody but the witness and
the magistrate before whom it is taken, if
there be a magistrate, know anything in refer-
ence to it, and the papers are sent to the pen-
sion department, ft frequently happens be-
fore the pension case is acted upon, the two
years have elapsed between the time when the
fraudulent testimony was given and taken and
the granting of the pension, and the first that
is known publicly in reference to these things
is when some person gets a certificate lot-
bounty or a pension. Usually the attention of
the department or any officer of the Pension
Bureau is not directed to it until after the two
years have expired and tho thing 1ms become j;
barred. This evil has become so great that it ;J
was suggested to me by the late Commissioner
of Pensions the statute of limitations ought to
be extended, and at his suggestion 1 drew the
bill, tho identical bill now presented, and it
was passed by this House during the last Con-
gress, and went to the Senate, where it was
recommended by the Judiciary Committee,
but was not reached in lime, and failed to
become a law.
We were told the other day, .Mr. .Speaker, it
was estimated at least one fourth of the pen-
sions now being paid by the Government is
fraudulent, If that be true, or if any consid-
erable part of the statement be true, there is
the strongest reason in the world why the tune
should be extended. That is all I have to tar.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, in listen-
ing to the reading of this bill it occurred to me
the extension of the time within which the
limitation should take effect would operate
upon questions now pending——
Mr. POLAND. Read the second tection.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. And it was for thai
reason I objected to the amendment. I was
aware of a case where the statute of limitations
had already run, and where it was said the
parties concerned were great rascals, and the
proposition was made at the la«t .session 01
Congress to repeal the statute ot limitations as
affecting that particular case and extending the
time within which the limitations should take
effect. I was apprehensive that this lull referred
to that ease ; and ] am opposed to legislation
for particular cases, or to punish men under
special laws. If the time within which these
prosecutions can be brought about under the
statute of limitations is not sufficient, then X
think this bill is a very proper one; but if it can,
by any possibility of construction, relate to a
case where the offense has already been com-
mitted, and the statute of limitations is changed
with reference to that case by this bdl, i shall
certainly be opposed to it. And my object in
rising was to call the attention of the gentle-
man from Vermont [Mr. Poland] to that
feature of the provision, if it bo in the bill, aud
to obtain his views upon that point j for I am
altogether opposed either to creating a new
statute of limitations with reference to offenses
already committed, or creating offenses by act
of this Congress.
Mr. POLAND. In answer to my friend
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldkidge,] and by way
of explanation to the House, I will say that I
was requested to draw a bill which would ex-
tend as far as the gentleman says he fears this
bill might do. But it did not commend itself
to my ideas and notions as a lawyer, which
are very like those which have been expressed
by the gentleman from Wisconsin ; and there-
fore in the second section of this bill it is
carefully provided that it shall not have any
effect on preexisting cases.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 desire to say just one
word further in regard to this matter, f think
the gentleman should amend his bill in this
particular: 1 believe it is not intended to cover
only the cases stated in the first section anil
limited by tho second section of the bill. It-
seems to me, with reference to persons who
have absconded, ev«n if tho five years shall
have run during the time, there should bo
some provision in tho bill that the limitation
of live years should not apply to a man who
has crossed the seas, or gone oat of the coun-
try. The great rascals, those who steal tho
most money and perpetrate the grossest
frauds, generally have money enough to enable
them to leave the country, aud they will stay
away until the stntntu of limitation has run.
under this act, unless there be a general law
which would take such parties out of the limit-
ation. I think the gentleman should amend
the bill so that the five years' limitation should
not apply to the parties who had stolen money
enough, or obtained money enough through
!i faud, to escape beyond the seas. 1 will there-
fore offer an amendment which lias been drawn
to meet this case by my friend from New York
[Mr. Coxl while I have been speaking.
Mr. POLAND. I will hear (he amendment
road.
The Clerk read as follows:
At die end of the first section mid the following:
I'rooiJut, 'l'b at, litis net shall not. apply to any per-
son who hi*, evaded the proeos^ of tho court or has
ul.:->;i;r.dod from its proper jurisdiction.
Mr. POLAND. I do not think there can
tj be any possible need of such an amendment
: (although I have no objection toit) for this rea-
j sou : if we extend the time to five j^ears wo
;! make a very ample statute of limitations for
i; penal (irosecntions. And, more than that,
i my friend from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldribge, i
j! as*a lawyer, will understand that if an indict-
,'! ment. be found within five years, no matter
i where the man is, tho statute of limitation i.'i
j| saved, and whenever he returns, within tho
| jurisdiction he can be arrested and tried. A,-.
!• i have said, I think there is no possible need
j of (be Amendment.
' Mr. ELDRIDGE. I am inclined to think
that my friend from Vermont [Mr. Poland]
;! is right. 1 had only time to direct my atten-
ticn hastily to the point. I think the indict-
ij raeni should be found within five years even
:j if the party has escaped oat of the country. I
|| withdraw the amendment.
ij Mr. POLAND. If there is to he no further
ii debate on the bill, i call the previous question.
Mr. COX. Before the gentleman calls the
previous question, 1 appeal 1o him to allow mo
to offer thatmnendmeut. I drewit and handed
it to my friend from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldkidge.]
I think it indispensable to limit the act in soma
way. I have somewhat modified the amend-
ment
Mr. POLAND. I will hear it a;, modified.
Tho Clerk read as follows:
At the end of the first section add the following:
I'mnnU'l, That the limitation.? of tins act shall
notupply to any person who has evaded tho process
of tbe'eourt, or has absconded lrora its proper juris-
diction.
Mr. COX. My idea is that we ought not to
give the benefit of this act to any person who
runs away from his crime, and X am sure the
gentleman from Vermont would not give any
relief to a party who had absconded from the
proper jurisdiction or bailiwick in which ho
was to be indicted.
Mr. POLAND. I ha\ e no objection to allow-
ing the amendment to be offered, although _!
think there is no necessity for it, because if
an indictment be found within five years,
and the party has absconded or uudertakou
to evade arrest, he can ho arrested at any
