4294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
the committee of the House, and it was put
at $10,000. But if Senators see fit to adopt
the reports of the engineers they will have a
bill here in a very short time that will swell
up to nineteen or twenty millions.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. ' We can-
not hear a word the Senator says.
Mr. CHANDLER,. My voice is feeble any-
way, you know, [laughter.] I was saying that
if you adopt the reports of the board ot' en-
gineers you will have a bill of nineteen or
twenty millions in a very short time. The
Committee ou Commerce have recommended
all that they dared to recommend, and have
used their very best discretion in the recom-
mendations, and I hope the Senate will stand
by the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New Jersey increasing the appropriation from
$10,000 to $20,000.
The amendment was rejected—ayes sixteen,
noes not counted.
Mr. POMEKOY. I wish to give notice that
when this bill comos into the Senate 1 shall
feel it my duty to renew the proviso at the end
of the bill, which, while occupyiug the chair
temporarily, I ruled out of order. Upon re-
flection I think we ought to take the sense of
the Senate again upon it. 1 ruled upon it
hastily, and I thiuk 1 can show some reasons
why it is in order after all. I do not want it to
fail on account of my own ruling. [Laughter.]
I shall renew the proviso when we come into
the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to express my
admiration of the last conclusion of the late
occupant of the chair. I did not feel the
same for the first opinion he expressed, hut I
think he is very right now. LLaughter.]
_ Mr. SAULSBUHY. I move to amend the
bill in section two, line seventy-six, by insert-
ing these words:
i'or the survey of Mahono river, in tho State of
Delaware, and the bar at tho mouth of said river.
The amendment does not appropiiate any
money, but Bimply puts this among the rivers
to be surveyed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSTON. 1 have an amendment
of the same sort to otter, it is on page 17,
section two, line twenty lour, after the word
"liver," to insert " Pumunkey and Malta-
pony rivers." This is simply for a survey of
those rivers.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSTON, i have anothrr amend-
ment that I desire to offer. It is to insert on
page 10, after line two hundred and lilloen, the
following :
For tho improvement of Elisabeth river to tho
lock of tho Albemarle and Chesapeake canal.
6*5,001),
Mr. CHANDLER. That is an increase,
and I hope it will not be adopted.
Mr. JOHNSTON. Before the vote is taken
I ask the Clerk to read tho passages 1 have
marked in a report raade by the Department,
showing the importance of this improvement.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
" As tho tide rises nearly thrcolcct, thisudditional
aeyth could be then had at high w.irer c<ich d«ty.
t If Congress should decido to make an appropri-
ation for the Kh/.abeth riv«r, tho plan of improve-
ment indicated by Captain Phillips would be judi-
cious, I think, however, tho work would be iouud
somewhat more extensive than his estimate* con-
template, and -would cost not less than if
the improvement is to be undertaken, it would bo a
decided economy to have the whole bum appro-
priated at one time.
" The business of the canals of-which the Eliza-
beth rivor is the outlet, especially the Albemarle
and Chesapeake canal,has increased notably in the
past year, us shown by extracts given below from
the last annual report of tho president of that coin-
pany. AIr.^Iarshali Parks:
•v/ 'The Elizabeth river is navigable for vessels from
JN on oik to the locks of the canal, tor vessels drawing
eight feet at high tide. Th« rise of tide averaging
three ieet, it is therefore quite impossible for vessels
drawing more than five feet to go up to the Jocks at
low water; hcnce a delay of a few hours often occurs
m reaching the canal, iiitertmng with the regular
departure of steamers from Norfolk. To make this
channel sufficient at low water will require an im-
provement of the river, and it is hoped the recom-
mendation made by the United States engineers,
who are now making an instrumental survey of the
river* will induce Congress to make the necessary
appropriations for its improvement.' "
****###*#*
" When the Albemarle and Chesapeake Canal was
projected as a steam canal, with no tow-path, its
proj ectors were looked upon as visionaries. The
result of their labors has proved the soundness of
their judgment. More than thirty-five thousand
vessels have passed through their canal, propelled
or towed by steam, no animal power having been
used.
"The inland navigation, extending from the sounds
of North Carolina to Baltimore, Philadelphia, and
New York, continues to attract the attention of ship-
pers. Efforts aro being made to induce capital to
embark in the establishment of a steam tow-boat
line, with suitable barges, to run from all portions
of eastern North Carolina and Virginia to Norfolk;
thence by inland route to tho great Atlantic cities.
It is believed tho expense of transportation can be
reduced below thatofsail vessels. The great increase
in the traffic in lumber, railroad ties, shingles, staves,
corn, naval stores, telegraph poles, and heavy ores,
makou the establishment of such a linea necessity.
"During the past year many enterprising lumber-
men have purchased largely of timbered lands in
eastern North Carolina, bordering on the creeks and
rivers, and have gotten out a vast quantity of mill
timber, which has been rafted to the North. This
business is destined to create a revolution in tho
lumber trade. The towing through the sounds and
up the Chesapeake bay has been done with cconomy
and safety; in fact, the loss has beeu far less than on
the Susquehanna river.
"Tho business of the canal has steadily increased,
notso rapidly as we could wish, but still thero has
been a atoady increase, notwithstanding there has
been no addition to the population of the country.
"'Immigration has notsetin. The Northweststill
continues to attract foreigners. Until some con-
certed movemont is made to induce immigration to
the South, its superior advantages in climate, soil,
and markets will not be appreciated. Eastern North
Caiolina presents inducements to settlers which need
only ho known to prove attractive. The country
adjacent to this canal embraces a territory an largo
as all tho New England States together, excepting
Maine, and has a navigation exceeding eighteen
hundred^ miles in extent, offering easy and rapid
communication to the principal markets of tho coun-
try. If tho.Mi facts were known to the emigrant the
population of this section would bo augmented to
double its present number beforo another docade.
" * The increase in cotton during the past year has
been bales; iish, 5,9iH barrels; peas and beans,
3,107 bushels; potatoes, 7,215 bushels; wheat, 1)87
bushols ; timber and sawed lumber, (V74,503 feet;
shingles, staves, 134,000; fresh shad,
2 0,000; watermelons, 23,600.
"Tho following articles dccreasod: naval stores,
5,256 barrels; corn, 64,700 bushels; railroad-ties,
11,821; wood, 5,252 cords.
Thero hits been a considerable increase in arti-
cles not heretofore mentioned, namely, juniper,
poplar, and beech logo—rafts, 40. 1.067 cords;
peaches. 8,335 boxes; passengers, 3.813.
The number of vessels going North was 2,471 ;
iSoitth, 2,429; I'iuvl, l.OOO.composed follow^: steam-
boats, l,65l>; schooners, 041: sloops, 555; barges,
163; lighters, 1,030; boats, 483; total, 4,000.
The tolls North and South last year were $47,-
002 56; this fiscal year, §-55,778 72—again of 68,11616.
flio towing last year was $10,567 61; this year,
$8,806 77—making a loss of $2,700 70.' "
Mr. POMEROY. I apprehend that a Sen-
ator cannot occupy over five minutes in read-
ing a document any more than he can in
making a speech.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
cannot extend beyond live minutes if there be
objection, and the time has expired.
Mr. CI1AMDLKH. I will state that that
report was before the committee, and after
due consideration the committee unanimously
decided not to make the appropriation. Sen-
ators will notice the language of the report.
It says "if" this thing is done, so and so ; but
it is not a recommendation.
Mr. POOU I know something of that
locality, and I think the appropriation ought
to be made. It is that portion of the Eliza-
beth river above the Gosport navy-yard. It
is in the line of communication of all the
commerce coming out of Albemarle and Pam-
lico sounds and the rivers adjacent in North
Carolina, into Chesapeake bay. There are
obstructions in that river above the Gosport
navy-yard that, ought to be removed, so as to
improve the navigation. There is a vast
amount of commerce passing in that direc-
tion, and the appropriation asked for, it seems
to me, is jery small indeed. Iliad supposed
that the Senator from Virginia was going to
ask for an appropriation at least four times as
large ; but if he has information that this sum
will answer, it seems to me it ought to be
gianted by the Senate. I am surprised to hear
from the chairman of the committee that the
committee had thi3 matter under consideration
and rejected it. If I had known that it was
under consideration in the committee I think
I could have brought before that committee
such a state of facts that they would not have ,
hesitated at all.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I renew tbe amendment
striking out '"$25,000" and inserting "$15,
000," and I wish to say aword in regard to this
amendment. The Chesapeake bay and Albe-
marle sound approach very nearly together at
that point, the canal which connects them
being only fourteen miles long. That canal
makes the connection between all the interior
waters of North Carolina and the Chesapeake
bay. By means of the canal and the .Eliza-
beth river the dangerous outward way outside,
around Cape Hatteras, is avoided, and almost
the whole commerce of the eastern part of
North Carolina now passes through this canal
to the Elizabeth river. During the past year
nearly five thousand'vessels passed up and
down that stream. The appropriation recom-
mended by the Department was only $25,000,
and I asked for the whole amount for the rea-
son that the Department recommended the
appropriation of the whole of it at once. The
point to be improved is between the mouth
of the Dismal Swamp canal and the mouth of
the Chesapeake and Alabemarle canal, a dis-
tance of about two miles. I do not think there
is a single improvement in the whole couutry
that is needed more than that, and it ought to
be allowed. I ask that a vote be taken on the
amendment as I now offer it, reducing the
amount to $35,000.
Mr. POOL. If the Senate will permit me
to state an additional fact, the United States
navy-yard at Gosport gets most of the lum-
ber it uses through this route.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is ou the amendment of the Senator Irom
Virginia.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. JOHNSTON. 1 have another amend-
met to offer. It is to insert as an additional
section the following:
That tho Secretary of War be, and ho hereby is,
authorised to establish signal stations at Cape Hat-
teras, Body Island, Cape Henry, and other points
on tho coasts of North Carolina and Virginia, and
to connect, the same with such points as may bo
lieccssary for tho proper discharge of the signal ser-
vice, by means of a suitable telegraph line, to bo
constructed, maintained, and worked under the
direction of the chief signal officer of the Aiiuy;
and tho Slim of §23.000 is hereby appropriated lor
this purpose out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
I send to the desk and ask the Clerk to read
a letter from General Myers in regard to this
amendment, which will explain it better than
I can.
The Chief Clerk r<|&d the following letter:
Waii Department,
Office op the Chief Signal Officeb,
Division up Teleokams asp Reports
for the b;:xcnt of co.umbrck.
Wasiiington, D. C., Man a, 1872.
Sin: The chief signal officer has the honor to
submit, as directed, the following report upon the
resolution of the Legislature of Virginia recom-
mending the establishment of signal stations at
Ilatteras and other points on the coast ot Virginia
and North Carolina, information upon which is re-
quested by the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce of the United States Senato. The. following
statements have been urged upon this office by the
Board ot trade of the city of Norfolk, and a largo
number of citizens and firms of that place, nameb :
that the eoast from Cape Hatteras, and the eapes
of \ lrgmia, is perhaps the most dangerous na viga-
tion of the Atlantic border. When disasters occur,
as is very frequent, tho beach being sparsely inhab-
ited, it is liow impossible to have information con-
veyea to .Norfolk, where several wrecking firms are
established, until too late. Life and property would
often be saved not only by the prevention of ilisas-
ters through warning signals, but by early intelli-
gence ot any inevitable disasters. About thirty
miles north of Cape Hatteras is Body Island, where
more vessels have been stranded than at any point
on the South Atlantic coast. Sigifal stations at
