1606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
Brownlow. Buckingham, Casserly, Cole, Cragin,
Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Ferry
of Connecticut, Krelinghuysen, G-oldthwaite, Ham-
lin, Howe, Johnston, Morrill of Maine, Norwood,
Nye, Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Eobertson,
Stewart, Sumner, Thurman, Trumbull, and Wil-
son—29.
So t he motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. I more that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. COLE. I hope not. I trust we shall
get through with this bill to night.
The motion was agreed to; and (at four
o'clock and fifty-eight minutes p. m.) the Sen-
ate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 12, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Clerk proceeded to read the Journal of
yesterday.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent that the further reading of the
Journal be dispensed with.
There being no objection, the further read-
ing of the Journal was dispensed with.
111SBMANN RASTER.
Mr. FINKELNBURG, by unanitnous con-
sent, from the Committecof Ways and Means,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 1936) for the reliet
of Hermann Raster, collector of internal reve-
nue for the first district ot' Illinois; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The preamble to the bill recites that the
great conflagration in the city of Chicago, on
the 8th and 9th days of Octohcr, 1871, de-
stroyed the custom-house and post office build-
ing in said city, in which was located the office
of the collector of internal revenue for the
first district of Illinois, and that a consider-
able quantity of internal revenue stamps, as
well as books, papers, and assessment lists
belonging to said office were lost or de-
stroyed. The bill authorizes and directs the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue and the
accounting officers of the Treasury Depart-
ment upon receiving from said collector satis-
factory proof, by affidavits or otherwise, of
the amount in value of the stamps so de-
stroyed, to credit, or cause to be credited, on
said collector's account, such amount as to
equity and justice may seem right. And they
are also authorized and directed, on being
satisfied, by affidavits or otherwise, that the
said collector has paid into the Treasury all
the moneys by him collected on the assess-
ment lists, prior to the September list of 1871,
to credit, or to cause him, the said collector,
to be credited, with the amounts uncollected
on the lists destroyed as aforesaid; or if, in
the judgment of the said Commissioner, he
considers it best, he may abate the said taxes
uncollected on said lists in such manner and
on such proof as can be made uaderthe circum-
stances and as maybe consistent with the rules
of equity and justice; provided that nothing
in this act shall be construed to bar the right
of the United States to collect any of the taxes
aforesaid in case the same shall become col-
lectible.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FINKELNBURG moved to reconsidei
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BRIDGE ACROSS THK MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. McCRARY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R, No. 1937) to authorize
the construction of a bridge across the Mis-
sissippi, at Fort Madison, Iowa, and to estab-
lish the same as a post road ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
'MARY M. CLARK.
Mr. McGREW. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table, for
consideration at this time,. Senate bill No. 230,
for the relief of Mary M. Clark, widow of
Leonard Clark, deceased.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read;
after which the Chair will ask for objections.
The bill was read. It appropriates to Mary
M. Clark, widow of Leonard Clark, deceased,
late of Harrison county, West Virginia, the
sum of $1,202, in full payment for services
rendered by said Leonard Clark as a scout in
the employ of General J. J. Reynolds, and
for the period of his captivity in the rebel
prisons from July 30,1861, until his exchange,
March 18,1863.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to
taking up this bill for consideration at this
time ?
Mr. COBURN. I think it should first be
considered by the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. McGREW. I hope the gentleman will
allowthis bill to be passed now. It has already
passed the Senate, and I think there is no real
objection to it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let the bill be
referred.
Mr. SLOCUM. I think it should be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and con-
sidered by them.
Mr. McGREW. This bill passed both
branches of the last Congress, passing tie
House only a day or two before Congress
expired, but for some reason or other not
known to me it failed to reach the President
to receive his signature. It has passed the
Senate during its present session, and is now
upon the Speaker's table. I hope there will
be no objection to it.
Mr. SLOCUM. I must insist that this bill
shall be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs before it is brought up in the
House for consideration.
Mr. McGREW. Very well; let it be re-
ferred, though I do think that under the cir-
cumstances this bill should be passed now.
The bill was accordingly taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the morning hour now begins at
eighteen minutes past twelve o'clock, and the
House resumes the consideration of the bill
(H. R. No. 1550) in relation to the Central
Pacific Railroad Company, which comes over
from the morning hour of Thursday last.
Upon this bill and the pending amendments
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wheeler]
has called'the previous question.
Mr. WHEELER. I will withdraw the call
for the previous question and yield the floor
to the gentleman from California [Mr. Sar-
gent] for such time as he may desire.
Mr, SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, I confess
the surprise with which 1 read the resolutions
of the Chamber of Commerce of San Francisco
which I presented to the House on Friday last.
I deemed it my duty to lay before Congress
their action. The opinions of any respecta-
ble body of men on any matter of public im-
portance are not to be ignored. Although the
Chamber of Commerce is not a representative
body except in a limited sense, and its reso-
lutions show that it treats the matter only in
a local sense, yet, as indicating the opinions
ofmerchants and property-holders in our chief
city, their action is worthy of notice.
They are unquestionably correct in holding
that the enforced transshipment ofgoods on the
wharves of San Francisco or by lighters in the
harbor is a gain to those owning wharf prop-
erty, and to those handling the goods. If
every pound of freight entering the Golden
• Gate or leaving it, every pound ot tea imported
and every bushel of wheat exported, pays a
transshipment tax in the way of wharfage dues,
lighterage, cartage, &c., some one must tem-
porarily gain by it, even if through it commerce
is greatly restricted and driven away. But I
doubt if these gentlemen consider sufficiently
that San Francisco is not a nccessary entrepSt
for Pacific commerce; that there is a sharp
rivalry by foreign steam lines and sailing ves-
sels by the Isthmus, the Suez canal, and the
Cape of Good Hope; that New York has great
facilities for the entrance and distribution of
products, that are aided by every obstruction
placed or continued at San Francisco. This
viewof the case is not new on this side of the
continent, and the recent movement of the
Panama Railroad Company to compel ship-
ments from China by way of the Isthmus to
New York, and to that end to stir up the New
York members to oppose this bill, shows that
they understand the effect the passage of this
bill will have in directing the great stream of
Asiatic commerce into San Francisco.
No sane man can fail to see that it is more
for the benefit of San Francisco to have a large
fleet of ships in our harbor to move our great
grain crop to the markets of the world; to have
China and Australian steam lines, with grow-
ing service, to take our manufactured goods
of all descriptions to meet the needs of the
islands and the East, than to enrich a few men
along the water-front by high charges on a
little commerce. To build up San Francisco
it must have manufactures of all kinds, not
merely for-its domestic and interior markets,
but for export. It looks out on China, with
its hundreds of millions of people, and Japan
with thirty-five millions, just beginning to ap-
preciate our articles of use, and is favorably
located to get in advance of the world in sup-
plying these vast wants. Every great east-
ern city is great not merely by its trade but
by creating the elements of trade in itself.
Being a mere toll-gate cannot make San Fran-
cisco great. It must allow commerce to flow
in strong tides through its harbor, to draw in
and carry along its own contributions and
mingle them in the common stream.
To gentlemen around me I need not urge
considerations like these. Not one of you,
with the great promise of Asiatic commerce,
unfettered, entering your principal port, but
would gladly bid it welcome; not one but
would say that such a vast wheat product as
ours should have facilities to reach the ocean,
and home expense be saved to make more effect-
ive head against foreign competition. If it
costs two dollars a ton to handle goods at any
port, including wharfage, &c., that is either
an export or import tax, and must drive off
the foreign trade to points where it can be
escaped, or prevent the export of products
that have small margin of profit against for-
eign competition. On behalf of the grain-
growers of California, who must have outlet
to foreign markets, I contend for some facili-
ties that shall relieve them from onerous costs
of getting their products to sea. On behalf
of all the great business that grows up from
furnishing, refitting, and repairing steamships
and sailing vessels in an active port, I contend
for measures that will draw these vessels to
the port of San Francisco. On behalf of our
manufacturing establishments, that need the
eastern markets for unlimited expansion of
their business, I have spoken for this bill. I
still believe the better opinion of San Fran-
cisco is with me, as I know its best interests
are in the direction I indicate.
But these gentlemen depart from the argu-
ment to join m the popular abuse of those who
are to be the utilizers of this gift to trade. I
was sorry to read that they thought it an ob-
jection to the donation of the use of one half
of Goat Island to the Central Pacific Railroad
