2502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
The next objection to tlie amendment is
that this bill, as it passed the House, contains
safeguards enough. What does it require?
First, there must be a recovery in a court of com-
petent jurisdiction. But that is not sufficient
to get the money out of the Treasury; although
the purchaser from the United States has lost
the property by the judgment of a court of
competent jurisdiction, he must produce that
judgment to the Secretary of the Treasury,
and then he is bound to prove to the satisfac-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury that that
judgment was not rendered by any collusion
on his part; in other words, that he de-
fended the title of the United States, and was
only beaten because that title was good for
nothing. He is bound to satisfy the Secretary
of the Treasury that there was no collusiou
in the case.
Now, I say that no matter whether it is the
judgment of a State court or of a Federal
court, when that judgment has been rendered
and the man against whom it is rendered and
whose money is in the Treasury of the United
States without any consideration comes and
produces that judgment, and in addition to
that proves to the satisfaction of the Secretary
of the Treasury that that judgment was not ob-
tained by any fraud or any collusion whatsoever,
that he did defend in good faith and was beaten
because the law was against him. then I say
it is time for the Government to pay the money
for which it never gave any consideration. 1
hope, therefore, the amendment proposed by
the Judiciary Committee will not be agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I think there is another
reason why this amendment should not be
adopted. The party whose land was sold
would have to be the plaintiff in the suit in
the court below, and he would have the elec-
tion of the tribunal in which to bring the
suit. He would bring it either in a State
court or a United States court, as he chose,
and if he chose to bring it in a State court,
he could by that means defeat, if this amend-
ment is adopted, the recovery by the other
party from the Treasury. Suit might be
brought in the State courts and then this law
would not apply, and the party would be pre-
vented from recovering the money from the
Treasury. It would be better to leave it as it
is, 1 think, and that would cover all cases.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, on reflec-
tion the case is worse than I supposed it was.
Take the case of two men living in the same
State. One of them was the owner of the land
which was sold for taxes. He brings an action
for that land in the State court. That case
cannot be transferred to the circuit court of
the United States. Both the parties are resi-
dents of the State in which the suit is brought.
It cannot be transferred. There is no law for
transferring it unless there is some law about
this tax which sends the case there.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The honorable Senator
is greatly mistaken. As the law now stands
by the act of 1863 and the acts of 1867 and
1868in particular, lam sure, though I have not
looked at them for this purpose, where aparty
claims to make a defense under any law or
authority of the United States, he is entitled
to remove his cause instanter.
Mr. THURMAN. The only case I recollect
about that act of 1863 is where a man is sued
for doing something tinder color of authority of
the United States. That is what it is. ltdoes
not apply to actions of ejectment for laud at
all. it was an act passed for the benefit of
military officers and other officers. This case
stands on the old law. Then what is the con-
sequence of that? The consequence is that
the only way the case could be got into a
Federal court is by carrying it to the highest
State court, and then if the decision in that
court is against the title set up under the Uni-
ted States the case can be taken to the Supreme
Court of the United States. But when? Only
when the amount in controversy is $2,000,
Upon reflection I find I was wrong in suppos-
ing that $500 was it. If this amendment of
the Committee on the Judiciary be adopted,
no man whose property was not worth $2,000
can have the benefit of this law. In other
words, it is a law to pay rich men, and not
poor men, the money that you got from them
and gave no consideration for.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There has been consid-
erable doubt in my mind and in the minds of
the Senate hitherto, whether any such act as
this providing for going back to fix up these
tax titles in favor of claimants, ought to be
passed at all; but the farthest that the Senate
has ever gone hitherto, was to pass a bill pro-
viding as we have by this amendment, that if
the party recovered (on the ground of a defect
in the proceedings) against another in a United
States court, so as to show that there had been
fair play, and that the title which the United
States had granted had been determined by its
own judicial tribunals, there might be a reim-
bursement of the tax. Now, the Senators
on the other side propose to overthrow that
barrier entirely, and to leave it to the State
courts in the various insurrectionary States
to determine, (as they would in almost every
instance, I think, without any disrespect to
them.) that the tax title was good for nothing
at all, and give the lands back to the rebel,
and then turn around to the other man who
bought them and say, "Now we will make you
good." That is going altogether too far.
The honorable Senator trom Ohio is mis-
taken in saying that the party cannot remove
his cause into the circuit court of the United
States. The right of removal of a cause does
not depend on the sum in controversy; it
depends upon the right that is drawn into
dispute. A citizen may remove a cause, be
it ever so small.
Mr. THURMAN. What act does the Sen-
ator allude to ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. There are three or four,
in 1866, 1867, and 1868; the acts have been
as thick as bees almost on the subject.
Mr. THURMAN. I never undertake to
keep up with all the acts of late. What is the
page?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not able to give my
friend the page of the book at this moment as
I have Brightly's Digest before me. There
is one act, 1866, that I believe I have before
me.
Mr. THURMAN. What page in Brightly?
Mr. EDMUNDS. First, here is the four-
teenth volume of Statutes-at-Large, eighth
section of the act of 1866, page 329. I have
not gone over this for some time, and I do not
know that this quite covers the point. We will
see. But there are two or three acts subse-
quent. The substance and point of this is that
wherever a party claims to make a defense in
a suit brought against him in a State court,
upon the ground that he was exercising a right
that the United States had authorized him to
exercise, (as they have in a tax sale to take
possession of the land,) he may make his
defense iu the United States court and have a
removal at any time before trial. That act of
1866, volume fourteen, page 329, provides—-
"That the preceding acts shall be taken and
deemed as extending to and embracing all cases
arising, or which may h a.ve heretofore arisen, and
all suits and proceedings heretofore brought and
now pending, or which. may hereafter be brought
against any oflicer of the United States, or other
person, by reason of any acts done or proceedings
I had by such officer, or other person, under author-
ity or color of the act of 1863 and the act of 1864."
It then goes on about captured and aban-
doned property, and a variety of things:
"Provided, That said acts or proceedings had or
done shall have been done under the authority or
by direction of the executive (government of the
United States."
And so on. Now, take, the act of 1868 
Mr. SPENCER. Will the Senator from
Vermont give way for an executive session?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to finish what I
have to say first.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Vermont allow me to interrupt him while he
is looking for that statute ? I should like to
inquire of the Senator from Ohio, if under the
act of 1789 a party could not always remove
his case from the highest judicial tribunal of a
State court into the United States court with-
out any reference whatever to the amount,
where he set up a claim under the Constitu-
tion or laws of the United States, and it was
decided against him by the State court? Did
the amount ever have anything to do with it
from the beginning of the Government in 1789
under the judiciary act? I would like to know
if whenever a party set up a right, as would
be the case in this instance, under the tax
laws, and the State courts decided adverse to
the right claimed under the law or the Con-
stitution of the United States, there has not
been from the beginning a right to take the
case to the Supreme Court of the United
States?
Mr. THURMAN. Without regard to the
amount?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Without regaid to the
amount.
Mr. THURMAN. I deny that he has.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is any amount specified
in the act of 1789?
Mr. THURMAN. I think so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is not my recol-
lection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not find in Brightly
the particular passage which, in reference to
another matter, the Senator from Indiana and
myself were considering a few days ago, which
provides for removing actions brought against
any officer of the United States or other
persoti  
Mr. THURMAN. For acts done.
Mr. EDMUNDS. For acts done, if my
friend chooses to put in that phrase ; it may
be in the statute.
Mr. THURMAN. It is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. For acts done—let it be
so—under the authority of the United States
or its executive Government. Now, if I
bring an action of ejectment against my hon-
orable friend for holding against law and right
real estate to which I am entitled, I complain
of liim for an act done in injury to my right,
a forcible dispossession, a forcible withhold-
ing by tort, by an aggressive tort, and not by
a negligent tort, of his right. Therefore, my
honorable friend, I do not think, can quite
maintain that the words '"acts done" do not
cover the forcible holding of a man's house
against his will. If that is not an act done, I
should be glad to know what is. So that the
effort here is, (and this little 5^00 question is
not the real point,) though it is not understood
undoubtedly by the Senators who are propos-
ing, the effect of the effort here is to throw
down the barrier entirely, and to provide that
the State courts iti the lately insurrectionary
States shall have complete jurisdiction to dis-
possess the people who hold titles under the
United States, and then in the second section
that the United States shall foot the bill. I
am not for it.
Mr. SPENCER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to; and after three
minutes spent in executive session the doors
were leopeued, and (atfiveo'clock andtweuty-
eight minutes p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, April 17, 1872.
TheHouse met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain of the Senate, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
mrs. r. a. kennedy.
Mr. SLOCUM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2326) for the relief
