1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
3399
Mr. PLATT. It is only trifling with the
House.
Mr. BEATTY. Debate is not in order.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll, and
the following-named members failed to an-
swer to their names:
Messrs. Adams. Barnum, Beveridge.Bigby, Biggs,
James G. Blair, Blight, Roderick R. Butler, Camp-
bell, Co burn, Creely, Darrall, Do Large, Eldredgo,
'Ely, Farwell.Forker, Garrett, Giddings, Haldeman,
Halsey, Hoys, Hooper, Kendall, Kinsella. Marshall,
Maynard, McHenry, Mercur, Mitchell, Moore, Mor-
pbis, Peck, l'orter, Potter. Prioe, Prinrtle John M.
Rice. W. R. Roberts, Robinson, Shellabarger,
Slocum, Snyder, Storm, Stowoll, Dwight Townscnd,
Tuthill, "Walden, and Wood.
The committee then rose ; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Scofield re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the Union generally under consideration,
and particularly a bill (H. R. No. 2322) to
reduce duties on imports and to reduce inter-
• nal taxes, and for other purposes, and finding
itself without a quorum had caused the roll to
be called, and directed him to report the names
of the absentees to the House to be entered
upon the Journal.
The SPEAKER. The report of the chair-
man of the Committee of the Whole shows the
presence of one hundred and ninety-one mem-
bers, which is more than a quorum.
Mr. DAWES. I move that, the House now
resolve itself into the committee to resume
the consideration of the tax and tariff bill.
Mr. BEATTY. 1 should like to have a
division on that.
Mr. DAWES. Does it require a motion for
the committee to resume its session, it appear-
ing that, more than a quorum of the members
have answered to their names? Do we not go
back into the committee without a motion ?
The SPEAKER. That is so, and the Chair
will not enteitain auy demand for division.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Stmpson, one of its clerks, notifying
the House that the Senate had agreed to the
amendments of the House to a bill (S. No.
354) relating to the Reform School of the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed an act (H. 11. No. 2053)
authorizing the nomination and appointment
to the retired list of the Navy of certain vol-
unteers on the active list of the Navy who are
disabled in consequence of wounds received
during the late war, with an amendment; in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed an act (H. 11. No. 2055)
for the relief of H. C. Christopher, G. W.
Beard, C. A. Uber, Edward Stiles, and N. II.
Lamdin, without amendment.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (S. No. 107) for the relief of the
heirs or legal representatives of George C.
Bestor ;
An act (S. No. 595) to fix the pay of certain
rear admirals on the retired list of the Navy;
An act (S. No. 171) for the relief of Pay-
master George F. Cutter;
An act (S. No. 102G) for the relief of the
officers and crew of the United States steamer
Vicksburg;
An act (S. No. 849) authorizing corrections
to be made in errors in prize lists;
An act (S. No. 927) for the relief of the
children of Otway H. Berryman, deceased;
„ An act (S. No. 329) for the relief of Charles
W. Whitney;
An act (S. No. 1027) to restore Lazarus L.
Reamey to the Navy of the United States as a
midshipman;
An act (S. No. 259) for the relief of Mrs.
Harriet B. Pendleton, widow of George H.
Pendleton, late of the United States Navy;
^ An act (S. No. 173) extending the provis-
ions of the act of July 16, 18G2, granting ten
years' additional service on the active list to
certain officers, to Lieutenant Commander W.
B. Cushing;
An act (S. No. 899) for the relief of the
children of O. H. Berryman, deceased, and
others;
An act (S. No. 417) fixing the rank of pro-
fessors of mathematics in the United States
Navy;
An act (S. No. 746) granting a pension to
the widow of the late Admiral Farragut; and
An act (S. No. 835) for the relief of Mrs.
Cecilia Barr, widow of William Barr.
The message further announced that the
Senate asked for a committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on an act (S. No. 881) to provide for the
abatement or repayment of taxes oil distilled
spirits in bond destroyed by casualty, and
had appointed as managers of said conference
on its part, Mr. Sherman, Mr. Wiuqht, and
Mr. Saulsbury.
TARIFF BILL.
The committee again resumed its session.
The CHAIRMAN. The House is in Com-
mittee of the Whole and has under consider-
ation the tariff and lax bill. When the
committee last rose it Was dividing on an
amendment of the gentleman from Oliio, [Mr.
Beatty.]
Mr. DAWES. I would like to inquire of the
gentlemen from Ohio if there are any condi-
tions on which he would allow the public busi-
ness to proceed.
Mr. BEATTY. My understanding was that
when we camc to debate this bill by para
graphs  
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I rise to a point of
order. 1 submit that debate is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawios] inquires of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Beatti] if there
are auy terms upon which he will agree to let
the public business proceed in this commit-
tee. The gentleman from Ohio was about
to respond to that interrogatory.
Mr. CONGER. 1 object to any arrangement
between the gentleman from Ohio and the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection is made.
The tellers will resume their places.
Mr. DAWES. I should like the gentleman
from Ohio just to state what will be satisfactory
to him.
Mr. FARNSWORTIL I move that the
committee rise for the purpose of breaking
this dead-lock.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Farxswoutii] is not
in order, as the committee is now dividing.
The Clerk will again report the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bkatty.]
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to tho paragraph the following :
Provided, That on all wools of tho third class,
defined by law and known as carpet wools, there
shall be levied, collected, and paid doublo tho rato
of duty now imposed by law.
The tellers then resumed their places, and,
the committee having again divided, they
reported—ayes 8, noes 122._
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
committee rise. I make this motion for the
purpose of asking the House to extend the
time for debate.
The motion that the committee rise was not
agreed to.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I offer the following
amendment:
In lines sixteen and seventeen, section two, strike
out the words " excepting cotton-machinery ; so it
will read: ,. ,
On all iron and msmufacteres of iron oi which
iron is the component part of chief value.
Mr. PERCE. The amendment is. in favor
of the manufacturers of the South. .
1 lie committee divided; and there were—
ayes 84, noes 53.
Mr. LYNCH. I call for tellers.
On ordering tellers there were—ayes fifteen.
So one fifth of a quorum not having voted
in the affirmative, tellera were refused, and
the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. I offer the following amend-
ment, t
After tho lino nine, section two, insert the follow-
ing: , •
Provided, That no higher duty shall ever bo
levied, colieotod, or paid, than sixty-fivo per cent.
ad valorem.
Mr. RANDALL. To whatdoes that amend-
ment apply? To iron? - ,
A Mumisuis,. To everything.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope it will be voted
down.
Mr. BROOKS. I hope it will be voted up.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Brooks, there were—aye's 54,
noes 80.
Mr. BROOKS called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered..
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 50,  oes 80. .;
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to strike out from
line ten to line twenty, inclusive, the following
Words:
On all manufactures of cotton of which cotton is
the component part ol ulriof value..
On all wools, hair of tlio alpaca proat, and other
liko a.mmnls, and nllmaiuifactureswhollyor in part
of wool oy hair of the alpaca, and other like animals.
On all iron, and on all manufactures of iron of
which iron is the component part, of ohiof value.
On all metals not horein otherwise provided for,
and on all manufactures of wotals of whkjh either
of them is tho couiponont part of chief value.
Mr. COX. I rise to a question of order.
I desire to ask the Chair whether I will be
allowed to move to perfept this portion of the
section before the question is taken on strik-
ing it out ?
The CHAIRMAN. The House directed
that the committee should' treat the whole of
this as one paragraph. A motion to strike
out several lines or clauses is therefore as
much in order as a motion to strike out a
word.
Mr. COX. If I wish to amend by adding a
proviso at the end of the seventeenth line,
would I not be cut off from making such a
motion if that qf the gentleman from Ohio,
,should succeed ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] can offer au amendment
to that offered by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Binuham.]
Mr. COX. I offer, then, a proviso, to
come in at the end of the seventeenth line,
the following:
Provided, That bar iron, rolled or hammered, not
less than one fourth inch thick, and not less than
oiio inch normoro than six inches wide, and round
and square not less than one half nor moro than
three inchcs in diameter, shall pay three fourths
of a cent por pouud.
The question was pat upon Mr. Cox's
amendment; and twelve voted in the affirm-
ative.
The CHAIRMAN. Unless a further count
is demanded the amendment is rejected and
the question recurs on the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bixgham.]
Mr. BliATTY. I call for further count.
The CHAIRMAN. 'The gentleman is too
late.
Mr. BEATTY. I am not too late. ,1 rose
before you made your decision.
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs
upon the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. COX. I claim my rights here before
that amendment is passed upon, to stiil further
perfect the amendment. That is in order, and
I do not think we can be crowded down here.
