1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2503
of Mrs. R. A. Kennedy; which was read a
first and second lime, referred to the Commit-
tee oil Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
abraham p. eyre.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, in compliance with the
request of the Committee on Military Affairs,
in relation to the bill (H. R. No. 1223) forthe
relief of Abraham P. Byre, of Philadelphia;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
trial of the trowel bayonet.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in answer to a resolution
of the House of April 4, 1872, in relation to
the experimental trial made in the Army of
the trowel bayonet; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
cherokee treaty.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, in relation to the
sixteenth article of the treaty of 19th July,
I860, between the United States and the
Cherokee nation of Indians; which was re-
ferred to the Committee ou Indian Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
major general buell.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous eon-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in answer to a resolution of
March 1, 1872, in relaiion to Major General
Don Carlos Buell: which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
IMPROVEMENT Oi' OHIO RIVER.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a joint resolution
of the Legislature of the State of West Vir-
ginia, in relation to an appropriation for the
improvement of the Ohio river ; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
claim of chickasaw nation.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, in relation to the
claim of the Chickasaw nation for interest due
on certain State slock belonging to the Chick-
asaw nation fund; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
repair of government building.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to an additional
appropriation for the modification, renovation,
and repair of the Government building at the
corner of F and Seventeenth streets; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
bounty for enlisted slaves.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to bounties for
slaves who enlisted in the Army ; whicn was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
DEPREDATIONS OF CHEYENNE INDIANS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, in relation to the
claims of John Sonne, AmiaHolborn, George
Flemming, and William Keisten, on account
of the depredations of Cheyenne Indians in
1867 ; which was referred to the Committee
of Claims.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, in relation to the
claim of Barlow, Sanderson & Co., (Southern
Overland Mail Company,) on account of dep-
redations committed by Cheyenne Indians in
1867; which was referred to the Committee
of Claims.
collector at port t0wnsend.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, in further response
to the resolution of the House of February 2,
1872, in relation to the collector of customs
at Port Townsend, Washington Territory ;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
depredations by kiowa indians.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, in relation to the
claim of S. A. Wood on account of depreda-
tions by Kiowa Indians in 1870; which was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
contested election niblack vs. walls.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House papers in the con-
tested-election case of Niblack vs. Walls, State
of Florida; which were referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
contested election giddinqs vs. clark.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House papers in the con-
tested-election case of Giddingsws. Clark, third
congressional district of Texas ; which were
referred to the Committee of Elections.
correction.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I rise to
make a correction. In the Daily Globe of this
morning, in regard to the bill for the St. Croix
and Lake Superior railroad, I am reported as
not voting on the motion to recede from the
amendments of the House. I do not know
how it may appear on the Journal, but I voted
in the negative.
The SPEAKER. The Chair distinctly re-
members that the gentleman voted in the neg-
ative after the roll-call was completed, and his
vote was so recorded. He is recorded on the
motion to recede as voting in the negative,
and on the motion to adhere as voting in the
affirmative.
denver and rio grande railroad company.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill granting the right of way
through the public domain to the Denver and
Rio Grande Railroad Company, and ask that
it be referred to the Committee oil Railroads
and Canals.
Mr. STEVENSON. I suggest that as this
bill relates to a grant of lands it had better be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CHAFf?EE. It only grants the right
of way.
Mr, STEVENSON. But I suppose they
will want depot lands. I insist it should go to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CHAFFEE. The bill merely asks the
right of way over the public lands, and is the
same as any other bill granting the right of
way over the public lands.
Mr. STEVENSON. It grants depot grounds,
I suppose.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I ask that it be referred
to the Committee on Railroads and Canals.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent to introduce the bill.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then I object to its
introduction.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Colo-
rado can introduce the bill during the call on
Monday.
thomas m. redd.
On motion of Mr. BUCKLEY, by unanimous
consent, the bill (S. No. 692) for the relief of
Thomas M. Redd was taken from the Speaker's
table, read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims, not to be brought
back by a motion to reconsider.
order 0e business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I demand the
regular order of business, for the reason that
if we get through the morning hour we can
probably pass an appropriation bill before the
special order comes up.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness being called for, the bill reported by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
comes up, and which was to be in order imme-
diately alter the Journal of the House was read.
It was about to reach a vote upon engrossment
and third reading yesterday when it was barred
by a special order.
The Clerk read the title of the bill,asfollows:
A bill (XI. It. No. 2324) to regulate the seizure and
examination of invoices, books, and papers in cus-
toms levenue cases.
The SPEAKER. The pending amendment
is the amendment of the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Hale,] lo add at the end of section one
what the Clerk will read.
The Clerk read as follows:
And there shall hereafter be no seizure nor exam-
ination of private books and papers for the purposes
of discovering fi aud3 upon the revenue, except under
the provisions of this act.
Mr. HALE. I would prefer that it should
come in.
Mr. DAWES. I see no objection to it,
although I think it is unnecessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KERR. I propose to amend section
nine by inserting after the word "business,"
in line four, the words "or who shall pur-
posely give, or cause to be given to any person
or persons other than the proper court or
officers thereof, or the proper officers of the
Government, any information of the contents
of any invoices, books, or papers seized under
the provisions of this act;" so that it will
read, "that any officer or person offending as
aforesaid, or who shall, by virtue of any war-
rantissued under this act, unnecessarily harass,
injure, or interrupt any person or firm in the
prosecution of his or their lawful business, or
who shall purposely give, or cause to begiven,
to any person or persons other than the proper
court or officers thereof, or the proper officers
of the Government, any information of the
contents of any invoices, books, or papers
seized under the provisions of this act, shall
be answerable therefor to such person or firm
in an action on the case," &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOAR. There are no copies of this
bill printed.
The SPEAKER. The bill was ordered to
be printed, but the Public Printer has not yet
furnished them.
Mr. HOAR. I want to amend the eleventh
line of section three by inserting after the word
"shall" the words "if desired by the own-
ers so that it will read, '1 the officer execut-
ing such warrant shall, if desired by the owner,
immediately inclose and seal every book, in-
voice, or paper so seized in such manner that
the same cannot be inspected or examined
without breaking or removing such seal.1'
Mr. Speaker, as the bill now stands, it be-
comes the duty of the officer, whenever such
seizure is made, to seal up all the books and
papers of the party absolutely, so that they
cannot be opened or inspected for any pur-
pose without the order of the court Of
course the purpose of the section was simply
to prevent the private business of the firm
being exposed unnecessarily to those persons
who may have an interest in examining them,
and certainly it :s not proposed to seize the
books of men engaged in extensive business,
and shut them out from their own inspection
and that of their agents, perhaps for months,
where they may have no possibility of examin-
ing them for the ordinarj exigencies of their
