1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4295
Cape Henry. Body Island, and Cape Hatteras would
give most important warnings, and also would add
useful reports to those from which deductions are
now made.
This office regards the proposed signal stations
to bo highly important, but there being no present
telegraphic connection, nor any probability of any
future telegraphic connection in this region being
made by private enterprise, such stations cannot be
established without an appropriation additional to
that asked for the signal service for the ensuing
fiscal year, which shall be specified to be for the
purpose of the construction and maintenance of a
telegraphic lino from Norfolk to the above-men-
tioned points. The length of the line would be about
one hundred and forty miles, on parts of which it is
probable that cables will be necessary. It is
estimated that the cost of construction (not in-
cludmgthe right of way or useof land) and of main-
tenance for one year will be $23,000, this estimate
being less than would otherwise be made, on the
supposition that some of the work could be per-
formed by men of the signal service. The above-
mentioned sum is wholly unconnected with the cost
of establishing stations and making observations and
reports, as is now done under the existing law. It is
desirable that provision be made not only tor the
above-mentioned telegraphic connection, but that
similar connection should be also made along the
portions of the Atlantic coast where life-saving
stations are now established by communication with
each other from this office. Storm-warnings could
be displayed at a large number ot points where they
wouldbcof great benefit, and which otherwise can-
not be reached. Such lines would in addition render
the life-saving stations more useful for their special
duties. „ „ , ,. *
lam, sir, very respectfully, your obedient, servant,
ALBERT J. MYER,
Brig. Gen. and Chief Signal Officer at the Army.
Hon. Secretary op War.
Mr. CHANDLER. It will be noticed that
if this amendment be adopted the Govern-
ment will be compelled to build one hundred
and forty miles of telegraph line and main-
tain it; and as it has not heretofore been the
policy of the Government to establish signal
stations where there were no telegraph lines,
the committee did not feel authorized to rec-
ommend it to the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Virginia.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. COLE. I move to amend the second
section, line ten, by inserting after the words
" New Jersey" the words " Sacramento river,
California." On the statementof the Senator
from Kansas that the engineer force will prob-
ably be increased, I should like to have them
so detailed as to make a little examination of
that river. I will state that a good deal of
improvement has been made on that river by
private enterprise at a cost of many thousand
dollars, and nothing has ever been contributed
by the United States ; I do not know that they
will ask the United States to do anything ; but
I wish to have an examination made among
the many others that are being examined.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I offer an amendment to
come in among the surveys in the second sec-
tion, "for survey of the Mississippi from St.
Paul to Leech Lake."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR. I offer the following amend-
ment, to insert after line one hundred and
seventy-four: "for the removal of obstructions
in Mobile chute, at the mouth of the Missouri
river, $25,000." _
This appropriation is recommended by the
board of engineers specially charged by the
Secretary of War with investigating the con-
dition of the Missouri river. The board of
engineers have made no less than three reports
on that subject asking for appropriations, of
which this is one. The necessity for it is very
great, and I am very sorry that the Committee
on Commerce did not take this matter into
consideration and report an appropriation.
Mobile chute is or was formerly the southern
channel of the Missouri where it emptied into
the Mississippi river. It bas become choked
with snags and filled up with sand in such a
way that the channel is now deflected to _ a
more northern course, and strikes perpendic-
ularly upon the Illinois bank opposite, wearing
away the bank and causing very greatinjury to
the x'iver below. Formerly, when the Missouri
flowed through the Mobile chute, it took a
direct turn to the south down the Mississippi
river, and thus kept flowing all the way to the
sea; but at present, striking perpendicularly
upon the Illinois bank, it rebounds to the
Missouri side, and keeps on in that way running
across the stream, down to St. Louis, causing
a great many sand bars and a great many
obstructions to the navigation of the river. It
is almost upon the principle of a billiard ball
caroming from one side of the table to the
other.
Thi8 appropriation, which is very small in
amount, it is believed would do more to restore
the navigation of the river and to prevent the
destruction of valuable property on the Illinois
side, than any similar amount of money that
could be expended. We all know the enorm-
ous commerce which passes over this portion
of the Mississippi river. I suppose there is no
part of the Missouri river for the same length as
that between St. Louis and Alton upon which
there is so much commerce. The amount
asked for is supposed to be sufficient by the
engineer in charge. It is recommended by
the board of engineers aud by the chief engin-
eer, and also by the Secretary of War.
Mr. CHANDLER. It will be noticed that
there is $25,000 in lines one hundred and sixty-
nine and one hundred and seventy-one:
For the improvement of the Mississippi river be-
tween the mouth of the Illinois liver and the mouth
of the Mississippi river, $25,000.
There is $25,000 for this very spot.
Mr. BLAIR. The Senator is entirely mis-
taken. If the Senator will look at the report
of the board of engineers upon which that ap
propriation is recommended he will see that
that $25,000 which is appropriated in the bill
is for the purpose of erecting a dike from an
island opposite Alton to the Missouri shore,
and the sum should be $40,000 instead of
$25,000. The appropriation is made for that
purpose, and it is distinctly understood that it
is for that purpose.
Mr. CHANDLER. This amendment was
before the committee, but the committee did
not feel at liberty to recommend it.
Mr. BLAIR. The committee knew a great
deal better than the board of engineers, I
suppose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator Irom
Missouri.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BLAIR. I offer another amendment
which is also recommended by the engineer
department:
For survey of the Mississippi river from St. Louis
to the mouth of the Ohio river, $30,000.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is a round sum
appropriated for surveys in the bill. I should
have no objection to putting in that survey
among the surveys, but I object to any addi-
tional appropriations.
Mr. BLAIR. It is already in among the
survevs.
Mr." CHANDLER.
Then this is not neces-
sary.
Mr. BLAIR. The $150,000 appropriated
for the general surveys required to be made by
the second section of the bill will not pay for
one tenth of one per cent, of the work that is
required to be done by that general provision,
and the Senator knows it as well as I do.
There is no possibility of executing that work
within the sum of money appropriated. I
suppose there can be no more important work
than this which I have asked an appropriation
for.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope it will not be
adopted.
• The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unless some
Senator desires special amendments to be re-
served, the Chair will put the question on con-
curring in all the amendments made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole together.
Mr. PRATT. I wish the amendment I
offered reserved.
Mr. llAMSEY. It was not adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
can renew the amendment. The question i8
on concurring in the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. POMEROY. I renew the amendment
which was before the Senate when we were in
Committee of the Whole, the last proviso in
the bill. I had some doubts about the ques-
tion of order when I was in the chair, and I
do not want to have the views of the commit-
tee frustrated by any hasty ruling of my own,
and I ask the Chair to submit the question to
the Senale to decide it again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Kansas will
be read.
The Chief Ci,ekk. The amendment is to
insert at the end of the bill:
Provided, That to enablethe Secretary of War to
comply with the provisions of this act. so much of
the sixth section of the act approved March 3,1869,
entitled "An act making appropriations for the
support of tile Army for the year ending June 30,
1870, aud for other purposes." as applies to the en-
gineer department be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should regret
exceedingly to see that motion of the honor-
able Senator from Kansas prevail. I should
regret it for his reputation as much as any-
thing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony.) Does the Senator raise the point of
order?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It has been
ruled, I submit.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is offered by the Senator from Kansas._
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I make this
inquiry, whether that proposition is before the
Senate? It was ruled out of order in com-
mittee, and is there any such question before
the Senate?
Mr. POMEROY. I moved the'amendment
after we came into the Senate, which I had a
right to do, even if it had been voted down in
committee. I renew the amendment which
was lost in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland._ This is a
new amendment. It is now an original amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Kansas; it
is like any other amendment offered by any
other member ou this floor, and being a new
amendment it is not to be received on this
bill, and comes literally within the rule. I
raise the point of order upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will submit the question of order to the
Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate have already
decided it, aud the Chair is bound to enforce
the decision.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know whether
this is out of order or not, because I have
not examined it. 1 should think it was from
appearances, but I understand the Senate has
determined on this precise point,on an appeal
from the Chair, that this amendment is not in
order. Now, for the Senate to reverse its
judgment immediately, and without any new
reason given, would be an altogether new
performance.
Mr. POMEROY. There was not anything
like a decided vote of the Senate. There was
a bare quorum voting.
Mr.. MORRILL, of Maine. And all on one
side.
Mr. POMEROY. The vote I think was 22
