3400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has no dis-
position to trample gentlemen down. He
inquired if ally farther count was demanded
and no answer was made.
Mr. BEATI'Y. I rose twice and addressed
the Chair for the purpose of asking a division
and was refused recognition. Now 1 insist
upon my rights here, and I intend to have
them.
Mr...<J0X Before the vote is taken upon
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr.' Bingham] I move to insert at the end of
line seventeen, "piovided that on screen-wire
the duty shall be reduced to twenty five per
cent, ad valorem.''
The question was put pn the amendment;
and there were—ayes 4-1, noes 86.
Mr. COX called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered, only nine rising in
favor thereof.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Bingham's
amendment; aud being put, there were—ayes
35, noes 87.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. KELLOGG. I offer the following
amendment:
Amend by adding to the end of seventeenth line
the words:
And wrought scrap iron of every description shall
]iay thosnmuduty per tononly as ingiron; Provided,
That nothing shall be deemed Bprap iron except
■waste or refuse iron that has been in actual use ana
is lit only to be rema.nufaetured.
That is a reduction of $1 70 per ton.
Mr. DICKEY. It is a mere fraud upon the
revenue.
Mr. CONGER. I rise to a point of order,
and I wish to state it. It is that the Commit-
tee of the Whole, upon motion, refused to
strike out these paragraphs, so that it, decided
that they should stand as they are. The gen-
tleman moves now to amend, and I rise to the
point, of order that that cannot, he done after
the House has refused to strike out the par-
agraph.
Mr. KELLOGG. That is no point of order
at all.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order. It has been repeatedly so
rult-d. .
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There is a special
rule providing fur such amendments.
The question was put on Mr. Kei.i.ogg s
amendment; and there were—ayes 51, noes
42 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. K1LL1NGER called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Kellogg
and Mr. Randall were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 70, noes 75.^
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. COX. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of line seventeen :
Provided, That on iron in coils three sixteenths
of an inch or less in diameter, whether coated witb
metal or not. the duty shall be one aud three quar-
ters cent per pound.
That, ot course, is telegraph wire.
Mr. DAWES. The amendment is for the
benefit of Ihe great telegraphic corporations.
Mr. COX. It is iu favor of cheap tele-
graphs. ... ,
Mr. L. MYERS. It is iu the interest of
telegraph corporations.
Mr. COX. They do not ask anything; only
that, you will not steal so much from them.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend
by inserting, after the word -'value," inline
sixteen, the words "not otherwise provided
so that it will read, "on all iron, and on all
manufactures of iron of which iron is the com-
ponent, part of chief value, not otherwise pro-
vided." . .
Mr. DAWES. That is entirely unnecessary
and impracticable.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why?
Mr. DAWES. If we add 
Mr. BINGHAM. Is debate in order here?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment ; and there were—ayes eleven, noes not
counted.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move to strike out lines
eighteen, nineteen, and twenty, which are as
follows:
On all motals not herein otherwise provided for.
and on all manufactures of metals.of which eitlior oi
them is the component part of ohief value.
This clause involves only some little mat-
ters, amounting to about six tliousaad dollars
in all.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
78. noes 51.
Mr. STEVENSON. I call for tellers. I
do not think the House understands that it is
striking out all metals hut iron.
Mr. DAWES. 1 will explain it if gentle-
men will permit me.
Mr. COX. You would not, allow debate
from other gentlemen, and I object.
Mr. DAWES. I will state just what it ia
if the committee will permit me.
Mr. BEATI'Y. I object to debate.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the gentleman
will be allowed to state what the amendment is.
Mr. BEAT PY. 1 object.
Mr. FINKELNBUKG. I ask that the
amendment be again read; I do not think it
was understood.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. STEVENSON. I desire to make a
parliamentary inquiry.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hear
the gentleman.
Mr. STEVENSON. Will the effect of this
amendment, if adopted, be to keep up the
present rale of duty on all metals except,iron ?
The CHAIRMAN. The-gentleman is aware
that the Chair cannot answer such a question
as that.
Mr. STEVENSON. I thought that the
Chair knew.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair may have
an opinion, but it is not a parliamentary one.
The question was taken upon ordering
tellers, and tellers were ordered; and Mr.
Dawes and Mr. Stevenson were appointed.
Mr. KING. Before the vote is taken by
tellers, I ask unanimous consent that the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
[Mr. Dawics] be allowed twenty minutes' to
explain his amendment.
Mr. BHATTY. I object to debate.
The committee again divided ; and the tell-
ers reported that there were—ayes 51, noes 70.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BHATTY. I move that the commit,ttee
now rise for the purpose of extending the time
for debating tins section for half an hour. 1 he
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
wanted to say something about metals, and I
want to say something on wool. .
The motion was not agreed to, upon a divis
ion—ayes 14, noes 119.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend by insert-
ing after line twenty " on all sized piiuting-
''^Mr. BURCHARD. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the word ' sized.
The question was taken upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Buiiciiard ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 60, noes 54; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Burchaiu)
and Mr. Dawes were appointed
The committee again divided; and the
tellers reported that there were—ayes 70,
noes 60.
So the amendment to the amendment was
\'he amendment, as amended, was then
agreed to.
Mr. BEATTY. I move to amend by in-
serting after line fourteen the following:
Provided. That on all wools of the first class, de-
fined by law and known us clothing wools, there
shall bo levied, collected, and paid ninety-seven
por cent, of the duty now imposed by law.
The amendment was not agreed to ; upon a
division—ay 1, noes 125.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to amend this bill so
as to make it what the bill was as reported
from the Committee of Ways and Means, and
what Mr. Schenck reported last year. I move
to insert after line fourteen the following :
ic
5,
t
iiiit
gto
JP1
Provided, That on all merino,-,, poplins, mid do-
laines coin pound wholly of worsted or wool, imported
in thegrayoruncolored condition, the duly shall be
teu per coat, loss than the above rates.
If 1 cannot be allowed to say anything, I
hope gentlemen will look at the piece of goods
I hold ill my hand [holding up the piece] and
see what it is.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Brooks ; and upon a .
division, there were—ayes 4'J, noes 80.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BROOKS called for tellers.
Tellers were not, ordered, theie being sev-
enteen in the affirmative; not one fifth of a
quorum.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move to insert, after line
twenty " on all lumber and mantilactures ot
lumber."
Mr. BROOKS. Does the order ol theHouse
forbid all debate on lumber?
The CHAIRMAN. By the order of the
House all debate is closed on the pending
section.
Mr. BROOKS. The object of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mi. Dawks] is very
obvious, to move all the*e amendments aud
have no debate upon them.
Mr. D1C1CEY. I object to debate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 move that the
committee rise. The cour.se of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is a plain
perversion ol the order ot tile Utilise.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr Farnsworth, there were—ayes 24, noes
70; 110 quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN- Is «■ further count
insisted upon?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, sir.
Mr. F1NKELNBURG. 1 desire to ask a
parliamentary question.
The CHAIRMAN. The House is now
dividing on the motion that the committee
USMr. FINKELNBUKG. Rut    order that
we may vote intelligently, I desire to make an
inquiry. ,
Mr. BEATY. I object to debute.
Mr. FINKELNBUKG. 1 will give the Chair
the assurance that I shall not say anything on
ihe merits of the proposition at all. I only
want to know whether, by such motions as
these, debate is not, practically stopped on the
whole bill by moving the balance ol the bill
as an amendment to this section !
Mr. BROOKS. That is the object.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. In that way debate
is virtually shut oli on the whole bill.
Mr. DAWES. Nothing is fuitliet fiom my
intention than t hat-
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 do not know what
the fact is, but that is the elleet.
Mr. BEATI'Y and othersobjocted to debate.
No quorum having voted on the motion
that the committee li'-e, tellers were ordeie.l ;
and Mr. Farkswoutii and Mr. Saw*Kit were
appointed. ... ,,
The committor divided ; aud the toilers re-
ported—ayes 40, noes 83.
So the motion that the committee rise was
not agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amend-
ment, ot Mr. Dawes, to add to the section the
words "on all lumber and manufactures of
lumber."
