2504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
business. Now it seems to me the bill should
be amended by adding in line twelve, page 3,
after the word " shall," the words "if desired
by the owners."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRESERVATION OB' i'OKBSTS.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now call for
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness being called for, the morning hour now
begins at twenty-four minutes past twelve
o'clock. The first business in order is the call
of committees for reports, the call resting at
the close of the morning hour on Thursday
last with the Committee on Agriculture. The
House will now resume the consideration of a
bill reported from that committee by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Haldemak,]
being House bill No. 2197, to encourage the
planting of trees, and for the preservation of
woods on the public domain now held by the
United States, upon which the gentleman from
Pennsylvania is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HALDEMAN. Mr. Speaker, when the
morning hour expired on Thursday last I was
proceeding to state some of the scientific and
practical conditions which must compel from
the Federal Government active interference
for the preservation of existing timber and
the cultivation of young forests upon the pub-
lic domain. Sooner or later action will be
had. Trivial objections or interested opposi-
tion cannot prevent the enactment of stiil more
stringent laws than those contemplated by this
bill. This is not a measure for railroads or
corporations, a land grant or a subsidy. It is
a measure for the people who shall in the
future inhabit this continent.
It has been said that were it not for the Gulf
stream, which with its immense mass of warm
water impinges upon the western shores of the
British islands, modifying their climate and
adding to their healthfulness, that then Milton
and Shakspeare had not lived and instructed
and astonished mankind; sol have deduced
from my investigations, as the briefest results
arrived at from the comparison of a thousand
facts and observations, that the future char-
acter, mental and physical, of the Amerieau
people is largely dependent upon the amount
and proper distribution of her future forests.
I regard this bill as an initial tentative meas-
ure in reference to a subject the importance
of which cannot be overestimated. It is not
so searching in its provisions as I might de-
sire, and may be faulty. But I am anxious
for its passage by Congress, because it will call
the attention of the States and Territories in
an authoritative form to the pressing necessity
of immediate local and national legislation in
reference to a subject hitherto only a little un-
derstood on this continent. Nothing like the
severe and comprehensive forest laws of Eng-
land, France, Germany, and other European
countries is here contemplated. Upon the
contrary, I only aim to accomplish what the
General Government may safely do without
the possibility of discouraging the rapid settle-
ment of the far West. And if in practice it
shall be found that we may go still further, it
will be easy to supplement this by subsequent
legislation and correct any errors of details.
Meanwhile, it is to be hoped that State and
territorial Legislatures will join their efforts to
those of Congress in warding off' the national
disasters sure to flow years hence from the
ruthless and indiscriminate destruction of for-
ests without corresponding and systematic
efforts to supply, by planting and cultivation,
an equal quantity of woods and timber.
All the countries of Europe and Asia have
had this subject, both in ancient and modern
times, brought forcibly to their attention, and
have applied remedies of different character
and degree of efficiency. Hereafter, even in
well-wooded Russia, on account of the rapid
consumption of the forests, no other fuel than
coal will be permitted to be used on railroads.
In Japan there is a comprehensive law which
compels every man cutting down a tree on his
land to immediately plant another. In Prus-
sia every county or kreis has its forests, and
over these so-called Crown lands or domains
there is an ober-forster, or chief forester, who
must see to the planting and fencing for seven
years of what is called a "preserve" or
schonung, which it is popularly considered the
height of sacrilege by the people to mutilate
or injure, even to the extent of a whip-stick
or walking-cane. In France the forests enjoy
the most careful and scrutinizing public care.
The laws reach public and private lands. The
planting of trees upon the lowlands, upon
mountain slopes, and upon the river margins
for the various purposes of preventing droughts,
attracting rain-fall, dispersing miasmatic ex-
halations, insuring the regularity and dura-
bility of springs, or providing against devas-
tating freshets is encouraged by Government,
aid and by most careful and well-digested pro-
visions of laws, made under the supervision
of an important bureau of the Government,
that of forests. We may not imitate French
exactitude in this country, but the care taken
by that Government, by England, and by other
countries, shows how deeply they feel the
importance of the subject.
In those localities where there has been no
well-digested system of sylviculture or tree
preservation deplorable have been the conse-
quences. Persia, a country singularly void of
forests, has now for several years past been
the victim of droughts and of famine. In
India it is only over those very large tracts
which are without jungle or woods that great
droughts, to be followed necessarily by great
famines, frequently occur. Indeed, it has been
witnessed that during the inousoon, or rainy
season, plenty of rain fell in lower Bengal,
while in the interior, where the land is free
from forests, consuming droughts prevailed.
In Syria it is probable that the great change
from the prosperity of the large, energetic,
and enterprising population of the biblical
limes, to the sparse, inert, impoverished, and
degraded inhabitants of the present day, has
been the result of the almost total destruction
of the forests. I have ridden in the dry bed
of what in former times were historic rivers,
one day, and on the next, after a violent storm,
have beheld in them roaring torrents. Where
formerly there existed wells, or perennial
springs, there are now none, or only spas-
modic sources of water supply.
It is probable that the decay of Greece had
its remote but vital cause in the cutting down
of the forests below the point necessary for the
preservation of a truly healthful climate, fer-
tile soil, and proper distribution of rain and
springs. Turkey, Italy, and Spain are now
suffering from the same improvidence, and
even in this young continent we are already
beginning to feel the same injurious changes
of climate and of soil which the older inhab-
ited portions of the world have suffered. The
annual rain-fall of the Stale of Massachusetts
is said to have diminished one half within the
present century. The Agawam river, formerly
a considerable stream, has now become quite
insignificant. Large areas that were once pro-
ductive farm sands are no longer worked.
Many of the streams of New York have,
within the memory of those now living, lost in
volume and regularity of flow. Clubs and the
public press are calling upon the Legislature
to interpose for the protection of the north
woods in the State of New York, because these
woods form now a natural receiving and dis-
tributing reservoir for the whole eastern half
of the State, which equalizes the flow of water
in the Hudson, keeping that noble river navi-
gable, by preventing an alternation of drought
and flood, which would make it comparatively
useless for navigation, and entail severe dis-
tress upon all the dwellers along its banks.
The western States which have not yet been
reached by the advancing column of trees,
which follow slowly in the wake of the tide of
population, appreciate still more than the
inhabitants of the Atlantic slope the necessity
of some active legislative interference. The
droughts, the violent winds, the freshets, the
absence of springs, and the needs of modern
civilization, have all conspired to rouse the
people of Kansas and Nebraska and Iowa and
California to efforts tending to a partial rem-
edy for the evil.
It is the object of this bill to supplement
their efforts, and it is the object of these
remarks to impress upon the public mind the
incalculable importance of speedy and compre-
hensive action. We cannot overrate the wis-
dom which prompts Legislatures and Congress
to foster or preserve in every country the
growth of forests in large tracts. A collation
of the highest scientific authorities upon the
subject develops evidence which may be re-
garded as unimpeachable that great phys-
ical and climatic evils flow from the too wide
destruction of the woods which nature has
scattered with so liberal a hand over a large
portion of the earth's surface. Aside from
all considerations of beauty and utility, it is
shown that trees promote :
1. Mildness and equability of climate;
2. A sufficient rain-fall, and freedom from
wasting droughts;
3. The volume of rivers and their easy nav-
igation ;
4. Abundance and durability of natural
springs;
5. EYeedom from miasmatic diseases;
6. A permanent check upon inundations
and destructive freshets.
From the multitude of testimony going to
show the beneficial effects upon climate, rain-
fall, freedom from droughts, volume of rivers,
and the durability of springs, through the res-
toration of forests by planting, I will adduce a
few examples. Many large tracts in Scotland
have been planted with trees, and the moisture
which had before deserted the neighboring
fields has been restored. Travelers in San
Domingo, Trinidad, Martinique, and other
West India islands, describe the deplorable
consequences of increasing heat and aridity of
soil, which have resulted from the felling of
the forests. In Egypt, both at Alexandria
and in the neighborhood of Cairo, rain seldom
formerly fell; and during the Napoleonic expe-
dition ofl798itdid not rain forsixteen months,
but it is within my own personal experience
that since the great plantations of forests by
Mehemet Ali and Ibrahim Pacha, showers are
frequent in the Delta; and even at Cairo the
rain-fall is often copious in the winter months.
Says Mr. Babinet in his lectures " Sur les
Sciences d'Observation
"A few years ago it never rained in lower Egypt.
The constant north winds passed without obstruc-
tion over a surface bare of vegetation. Bat since
the planting out of large forests an obstacle has been
interposed to the current of air from the north. The
air thus checked accumulates, dilates, cools, and
yields rain. The forests of the Vosgea and Arden-
nes produce the same effects in the northeast of
France, and send us a great river, the Mouse, which
is as remarkable for its volume as for the small
extent of its basin."
To produce rain it is literally true that a for-
est is as good as a mountain. I have not the
slightest doubt that Palestine, of which I have
already spoken, and other regions of Asia and
northern Africa, once the granaries of Europe,
fertile and populous, are now deserts of sterile
soil, solely iu consequence of the destruction
