712
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
so as to read that it shall be the duty of the
several collectors of customs and of internal
revenue to report within ten days to the dis-
trict attorney of the district in which any fine,
penalty, or forfeiture may be incurred tor
the violation of any law of the United States
relating to the revenue, a statement of all the
facts and circumstances of the case within
their knowledge, together with the names of
the witnesses, and which may come to their
knowledge from time to time, stating the pro-
visions of the law believed to lie violated, and
on which a reliance may be had for condemna-
tion or conviction, and such district attorney
shall cause the proper proceedings to ho com-
menced and "prosecuted without delay for the
fines, penalties, and forfeitures by law in such
case provided, unless upon inquiry and ex-
amination he shall decide that such proceed-
ings cannot probably be sustained, or that the
ends of public justice do not require that pro-
ceedings should be instituted, in which case
he shall report the facts in customs cases to
the Secretary of the Treasury, and in internal
revenue cases to the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue, for their direction; and for tho
expenses incurred and services rendered in all
such cases the district attorney shall receive
and bo paid from tho Treasury such sum as
the judge before whom such cases are tried or
disposed of shall certify is just and reasonable j
provided, however, that the annual compensa-
tion of such district attorney shall not exceed
the maximum amount now proscribed by law ;
and if any collector shall in any case tail to
report to the proper distiict attorney as pre-
scribed in this scetion, such collector's share
of any fine, penalty, or forfeiture imposed or
incurred in such case shall be forfeited to the
United States, and tho same shall be awarded
lo such persons as may make complaint and
prosecute tho saino to judgment or convic-
tion.
The following was the amendment reported
from the committee:
In lino twenty-soren, after tho word "as," insert
the following: "tho St!<.'rctu.ry of tho Treasury .shall
doem just and reasonable ui>on tho corlilionto of
and in lino twonty-eisrlit, aftorthe words "disposed
of," strike out tbo words " shall certify is just and
roasonabloj" so that it will rend, "nnd for tlio ex-
penses incurred and services rendered in all such
cases tho district attorney shall receive and bo
paid from tho Treasury such sum us tlie Serrotary
of tho Treasury shall doom just and roaconablo upon
tho oortificato of the judso boioro whom such casos
are tried or disposed of."
Mr. POLAND. I find I am using rather
more than my share of tho morning hour, and
I will take no time to explain this bill unless
some gentleman desires it.
The amendment reported by the committee
was agreed to.
Tho bill, as amended, was ordered to bo
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider tho vote
by which the hill was passed ; and also moved
that tho motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed lo.
JIESSAUU 1'IIOM TUB SENATli.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gqrium,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed House bill of the following title, with
amendments, iu which the concurrence of the
House was requested :
^ it. No. 213) for the apportion-
ment of Representatives to Congress among the
several States according to the ninth census.
Ari'ELLAriS JURISDICTION 01? &UP11EJIE COURT.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee 011 Revision of the Laws of the
United States, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, with an amend-
ment, the bill (H. R. No. 891) to further regu-
late the appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme
Court, and to prevent delays therein.
The bill was read. *
The amendment reported by the oommittee
was as follows:
X11 section live, line two, after the word "prifle,"
insert the following: "except as to tho {ladings of
the factso that it will read, "that the provisions
of this act shall not apply to eases of prize, except
as to tho findings of tlio fact."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I pre-
sume there will bo no objection to the amend-
ment. As regards the whole bill, Mr. Speaker,
the House will see that its scope is to relieve
the Supreme Court of the United States from
that accumulation of business which renders
justice now unattainable in that court.
The first section provides that where, by the
act of 1789, appeal was limited to $2,000, it
shall now be limited to $5,000. That section
also provides that cases shall be brought up
here from the highest territorial courts, upon
questions of constitutional law, aa they are
from the highest State courts.
The second section provides that in cases
where the facts are not found by a jury, the
findings of facts in the court below, where there
may be appeal as in equity, maritime, and
admiralty causes from circuit courts and dis-
trict courts, shall be conclusive, putting on
such courts in equity cases, maritime cases, and
admiralty cases and the like, the same rule as
wenowputupon the Court of Claims; that they
shall find the facts and the Supreme Court shall
deal with the law. Now the Supreme Court
deals with questions of fact. They spend whole
weeks examining simple questions of fact,
especially in admiralty cases. In every case
of collision, they have to find out which pilot
is to blame ; whether a certain vessel carried
a light or not. Such questions occupy nearly
their whole time. I can state one fact to the
House which will illustrate the imperative
necessity of this bill in this regard. Twenty
years ago, the average number of causes in the
Supreme Court was something near twenty.
Now we have got live hundred and seventy;
and unless this measure of relief is voted, it is
impossible for that court to get 011 or any other
court. Sitting every day in the year and every
hour in the day will not accomplish the busi-
ness.
Tlio third section makes a further limitation,
that in admiralty causes, where there has been
one hearing before the district court, and then
an appeal to the circuit court, and another
hearing there, there shall not be a second ap-
peal to the Supreme Court unless tho amount
of $10,000 is involved. The parties have
already had two hearings, to wit, one before a
district judge and one before a circuit judge,
it may be^ one of tho judges of the Supreme
Court sitting on that circuit.
The fourth section provides that in a criminal
cause where a question of law arises so doubtful
that the judge of the circuit court thinks it ought
to be examined by the Supreme Court, he may
certify it up, and in his judgment make such
stay of execution as is necessary to have that
case examined. This provision applies only
to cases where infamous punishments or life
are at stake. I need not tell any lawyer in the
House that there is no means now by which a
question in a criminal cause can be reexamined
by the Supreme Court unless there happen to
be two judges sitting in the circuit court, and
they disagree upon the question. Now, in a
majority of cases only one judge sits in the cir-
cuit court, and then there can be no reiixam- |
ination of any question of criminal law. It is !
provided by this bill that where a question is i
deemed by the judge of sufficient importance !
to be reexamined, it shall be reexamined upon <
his certificate, and in other cases where the
judge doubts whether it is of sufficient import-
ance and the defendant thinks it is import-
ant, he can have the question spread upon the
record, and then ask a certificate of any judge
of the Supreme Court, and if he can find any I
judge of that court who thinks it is of sufficient j
importance to be examined before that court j
it may be certified up by that judge. This
provision is taken, as I understand, almost !
literally from the provision of law in like cases
in the State of Ohio.
The fifth section simply provides that the pro-
visions of this act shall not apply to cases of
prize, except as to questions offset, nor shall it
apply to anyappealsnowpending orwhichmay
be taken within six months after the passage
of this act. The reason why prize cases are
excepted and allowed to come up directly to
the Supreme Courtis this: prize cases almost
always involve the rights of some foreign sub-
jects, and involve our relations with loreign
Governments, and it has always been consid-
ered that a prize case, however small, should
have the judgment of the highest courts of the
land.
Thi3 bill, which was, I am informed, pre-
pared at the instance of the judges of the Su-
preme Court, was introduced into the Senalo
and House, and by the House referred to the
Committee on the Revision of the Laws, by
us examined and perfected as well as we could,
and then recommitted and ordered to be
printed. We then submitted a copy to each
of the judges of the Supreme Court and the
Attorney General, and asked for any sug-
gestions as to the amendments that we had
offered to the bill, and as to the action of the
bill, and they have found no objection. I
now yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Eldridce.]
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I believe the morn-
ing hour has now expired, and I move to go
to business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I hope
the gentleman from Illinois will allow us to
dispose of this bill. It will not take much
time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have 110 objection.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I only want to make a
suggestion to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. It seems to me that it is a matter of
very doubtful propriety to limit cases of appeal
to the sum of $5,000. I know very well that
the Supreme Court is cloggcd so that it cau
hardly be expected to dispose of the cases
upon its calendar, but I want to suggest to
the gentleman from Massachusetts that he has
probably added, by the provision in regard to
criminal cases, as many cases to the calendar
as be will take off by limiting the jurisdiction
in cases of appeal iu civil causes to $5,000.
I have no doubt myself that there ought to
be some provision made if possible to relieve
the Supreme Court from the amount of busi-
ness upon its calendar, but this bill, if I un-
derstand it aright—and I think I do compre-
hend it in that regard—will add as many crim-
inal causes to the calendar of the Supreme
Court as it will take off civil causes by making
the limitation $5,000, and the propriety of
that, it seems to me, is very doubtful, to say
the least of it. It is to say that a man shall
not have a chance to appeal his case, although
it may amount to $4,000 or even to $4,999,
as well as when it amounts to §5,000. It is
arbitrary in every respect to limit it by mere
dollars and cents. I believe the limitation
is now §2,000; and here by one amendment
$3,000 is added to the limitation, for the
purpose of relieving the Supreme Court of the
United States, it is said. When we come
to consider the whole bill, I think it will ap-
pear to everyone that we have added as many
cases to the calendar of the Supreme Court,
by allowing appeals in criminal cases, as we
have taken off by this amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let me
explain to the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Eldridge,] and to the HousGj tho reason why
the limitation of $5,000 was taken. Iu the
first place $2,000 is now the limit, as the gen-
tleman is aware, and that limit was fixed in
1789, At this time 85,000 is no more as a
limitation than §2,000 was in 1780. Now, I
hold that any man ought to be put under guard-
laoship who would appeal a case inissue to tho
Supreme Court for less than $5,000, especially
if he employs counsel fit to argue it, for if
