1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1609
understanding when that privilege was ac-
corded no names should be obtruded into any
of these bills belonging to either of the two
excepted classes already indicated. The Chair
must insist that was his understanding, as well
as the understanding of the House generally.
Mr. WADDELL. I should like to say a
word.
Mr. WOOD. I 'beg leave respectfully to
suggest to the Chair that this name was in-
serted under the general and liberal invitation
of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has refrained
from making the slightest imputation on any-
body, as he presumed it was done without
thought, or ignorant of the previous legisla-
tion of the House ; and the Chair repeats that
he does not know what gentleman inserted the
name, but he begs whatever gentleman it was
to withdraw the name.
Mr. WADDELL. I desire to say one word,
as I am one of the North Carolina delegation
here. I do not know who inserted the name
of Mr. Vance ; whoever did insert itin the bill
has not so far as I know violated any under-
standing, tacit or otherwise, of the House. The
House has instructed the Committee on the
Judiciary to report an amnesty bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not de-
sire argument upon that point. The question
of amnesty is not now before the House.
Mr. WADDELL. Mr. Vance, however ob-
noxious he may be personally to gentlemen,
does not come within the-provisions of the
law. He did not withdraw from his seat in
Congress and take part in the rebellion. His
term had expired, and he was a candidate for
reelection at the time the State seceded.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman well
knows that had it been stated yesterday, when
a call for amnesty bills was made, that the
name of Mr. Vance was included, it would
have elicited discussion and objection in the
House.
Mr. WADDELL. I do not know that it
would have defeated the bill at all.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. What opposition has
the House made heretofore to Mr. Vance?
All the opposition to him has been in another
place.
Mr. DICKEY. I want to give notice that
this thing of amnesty bills ceases from this
time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair regrets that
if the gentleman is present who put in the
name of Mr. Vance he does not avow it.
Mr. VOORHEES. I understand that the
gentleman who put the name in is not in the
House. I am so informed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair_ feels that he
has discharged his entire duty in calling the
attention of the House to this matter, and the
Chair gives notice that hereafter, under the
rules, except by unanimous consent, no am-
nesty bill will be entertained by the Chair
unless the names are read in detail, and the
Chair regards this proceeding, whether igno-
rantly done or not, as an abuse of the priv-
ilege conferred by the House. •
central pacific railroad.
■ The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Holman, to lay on the table the bill (H.
R. No. 1553) in relation to the Central Pacific
Railroad Company, upon which the yeas and
nays had been ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 73, nays 94, not voting
73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ackcr, Adams, Ambler, Arthur,
Banks.Beatty. Biggs, Bingham, Bird, James G.
Blair, Braxton, Bright, Bufflnton, Caldwell, Carroll,
Coburn, Crebs, Crocker, Crossland, Davis. Dorm an,
Finkelnburg, Charles Foster, Garfield, Haldeman,
Hambleton, Hancock, Handley, Hanks, Hay, Here-
ford, Herndon, Holman, Kerr, Itillinger, King,
Lewis, Manson, Marshall, McClelland, Molntyre,
McKinney. Merrick, Monroe. Morgan, Pendleton.
Potter, Price, Randall, Bead, Edward Y. Bice, John
,M. Rice, Robinson, Roosevelt, Shanks, H. Board-
iiaan Smith, Snyder, R. Milton Speer, Sprague,
Storm, Stoughton, Strong, Swann, Terry. Tyner,
Upson, Van Trump, Waddell, Waldron, Whiteley,
Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T.
Wilson, Winchester, and Wood—73.
FAYS—Messrs. Averill, Barry, Beveridge, Bigby,
Austin Blair, George M. Brooks. James Brooks,
Buckley, Burdett, Roderick R. Butler, Freeman
Clarke, Coghlan, Comingo, Conger, Cotton, Critcher,
Darrall, Dawes, Dickey, Duell, Duke, Dunnell, Ely,
Farnsworth, Farwell, Wilder D. Foster. Frye. Gar-
re'tt, Getz, Goodrich, Halsey,Harper, John T.Harris,
Havens, Hawley, Hays, Gert*y W. Hazelton, Hoar,
Hooper, Houghton, Kelley, Ketcham. Lamport,
Lansing, Lowe, Lynch, McGrew, McHenry, Mc-
Junkin, McKee, Merriam, Mitchell, Moore, Morcy,
Leonard Myers, Negley, Niblack, Orr, Packard,
Palmer, Peck, Aaron F. Perry, Eli Perry, Peters,
Piatt, Poland, Rogers, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, See-
ley, Sessions, Sheldon, Shoemaker, Slater, Slocum,
Sloss, John A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Srvipp,
Thomas J. Speer, Stowell, Sutherland, Sypher, Taffe,
Turner, Twichcll, Voorhees, Wakeman, Warren,
Wells. Wheeler, Willard, and Williams of New
York—94.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Barber,
Barnum, Beck, Bell, Boles, Burchard, Benjamin F.
Butler, Campbell, William T. Clark, Cobb, Conner,
Cox, Creely, De Large, Dox, Du Bose, Eames, Eld-
redge, Elliott, Forker, Henry D. Foster, Golladay,
Griffith, Hale, Harmer. George E. Harris, John W.
Hazelton, Ilibbard, Hill, Kellogg, Kendall, Kin-
sella, Lamison, Leach, Maynard, McCormick, Mc-
Crary, McNeely, M or cur, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Morphis. Packer, Hosea W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker,
Perce, Porter, Prindle, Bainey, Ritchie, Ellis H.
Roberts, William R.Roberts, Scofieid, Shellabarger,
Sherwood, Shober, Starkweather. Stevens, Steven-
son, St. John, Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Wash-
ington Townsend, Tuthill, Vaughan, Walden, Wal-
lace, Walls, Whitthorne, and Young—73.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon
the table.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. McKINNEY. My colleague, Mr. Lami-
son, is paired with Mr. Leach, of North Car-
olina, on all questions affecting this bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to say that Mr.
Cox is paired with some gentleman, I do not
know whom ; but if here he would vote " ay "
on this motion.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. Upon this bill I
am paired with my colleague, Mr. AV. R.
Roberts. If he were present he would vote
"ay," and I would vote "no."
Mr. HAZELTON, of New Jersey. On this
question I am paired with Mr Forker, my
colleague. If he were present he would vote
"ay," and I would vote " no."
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. On this ques-
tion I am paired with Mr. McNeelt, of Illi-
nois, who would vote "ay," if present, and I
would vote "no."
Mr. CALDWELL. My colleague, Mr.
Whitthorne, is paired with Mr. Morphis, of
Mississippi. My colleague, if present, would
vote "ay" on this question.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. On this
question I am paired with Mr. Barxum, of
Connecticut, who if present would vote "no,"
and I would vote "ay."
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
The question then recurred upon the motion
for the previous question upon recommitting
the bill to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the previous question
shall be voted down, will this bill be subject
to still further amendment?
The SPEAKER. The bill will still be
before the House, the pending motion being
to recommit. Should tho previous question
be seconded and the main question ordered,
the first vote will be upon the motion to recom-
mit, which, if decided affirmatively, will take
the bill from before the House. Should the
motion to recommit be decided in the negative
the bill will be left before the House under
the operation of the previous question until
the third reading of the bill.
Mr. WHEELER. I ask that my motion to
recommit be again reported to the House.
The Olerk read as follows :
That House bill No. 1553, with the pending amend-
ments, be recommitted to the Committee on the Pa-
cific Railroad, with liberty so to amend the same as
to provide that within one month from thepassage
of the bill the President of the United States shall
appoint three commissioners who shall be author-
ized, at the expense of the Central Pacific Railroad
Company, to hear the proofs and allegations of all
parties interested in the subject-matter of this bill,
and shall, within three months from their appoint-
ment, award such sum for tho use of said one half
of said island (Yerba Buena) granted by this bill, as
in their judgment shall be deemed just and enuita-
ble, which said award shall be paid by the said Cen-
tral Pacific Railroad Company before it shall avail
itself of this grant.
The previous question was then seconded,
there being upon a division—ayes 79, noes 54.
The question was, "Shall the main question
be now put 1"
Mr. BANKS. Upon this question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear it.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the House shall refuse
to order the main question, will the motion
to recommit with instructions be open to
amendment?
The SPEAKER. It will.
The question was then taken; and there
were—yeas 94, nays 67, not voting 79; as fol-
lows :
YEAS—Messrs. Averill, Barry, Beveridge, Bigby,
Bingham, Austin Blair, George M. Brooks, James
Brooks, Buckley. Burdett, Roderick R. Butler, Car-
roll, Freeman Clarke, Coghlan, Comingo, Conger,
Cotton, Critcher, Dawes, Duell, Duke, Dunnell,
Farnsvrorth, Farwell, Finkelnburg, Wilder I>. Fos-
ter, Frye, Garrett, Getz, Goodrich, Harmer, Harper,
Havens, Hawley, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, Hoar.
Houghton, Kelley, Ketcham, Lamport, Lansiirg,
Lowe, MeGrew, McHenry, Mcjunkin, McKee, Mer-
riam, Mitchell, Moore, Morey, Leonard Myers, Neg-
ley, Niblack, Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer. Peck,
'Aaron F. Perry, Eli Perry, Peters, Piatt, Poland,
Rogers, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Seeley, Sessions,
Sheldon, Shoemaker, Slater, Slocum, Sloss,II. Board-
man Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, Thomas
J. Speer, Stowell, Sutherland Sypher, Taffe, Wash-
ington Townsend, Turner, Twiehell, Upson, Voor-
hees, Wakeman, Warren, Wells, Wheeler, WiMard,
and Williams of New York—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker. Adams, Arthur, Banks,
Beatty, Biggs, Bird, James G. Blair, Braxton,
Bright, Bufflnton, Caldwell, Coburn, Crebs, Crocker,
Crossland, Darrail, Davis, Donnan, Charles Foster,
Garfield, Golladay, Haldeman, Hambleton, Han-
cock, Handley, Hanks, John T. Harris, Hay, Here-
ford, Herndon, Holman, Kerr, Killinger, King,
Leach, Lewis, Manson, McClelland, Mclntyre, Mc-
Kinney, Merrick, Monroe, Morgan, Potter, Ran-
dall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Robin-
son, Roosevelt, Shanks, Snyder, R. Milton Speer,
Stevens, Storm, Stoughton, Strong, Swann, Terry,
Tyner, Van Trump, Waldron, Jeremiah M. Wilson,
John T. Wilson, Winchester, and Wood—67.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Ames. Archer,
Barber, Barnum Beck, Bell, Boles, Burchard, Ben-
jamin F. Bvjtler, Campbell, William T. Clark, Cobb.
Conner Cox, Creely, De Large, Dickey, Dox, Du-
Bose, Eames, Eldred«e, Elliott, Ely, Forker, Henry
D. Foster. Griffith, Ha.le, Halsey, George E. Harris,
John W. Hazelton, Hibbard, Hill, Hooper, Kellogg,
Kendall. Kinsella. Lamison, Lynch, Marshall, May-
nard, McCormick, McCrary, McNeely, Mercur,
Benjamin F. Meyers, Morphis, Hosea W. Parker,
Isaac C. Parker, Pendleton, Perce, Porter, Price,
Prindle, Rainey, Ritchie, Ellis H. Roberts, Wil-
liam R. Roberts, Scofieid, Shellabarger, Sherwood,
Shober, John A. Smith, Sprague, Starkweather,
Stevenson, St. John, Thomas, Dwight Townsend,
Tuthill,Vaughan, Waddell, Walden, Wallace,Walls,
Whiteley, Whitthorne, Williams of Indiana, and
Young—79.
So the main question was ordered.
The question recurred on the motion to re-
commit ; and being taken, it was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege, and call up the contested-election case
of Cessna vs. Meyers.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to move to recon-
sider the vote by which the House has recom-
mitted House bill No. 1553 to the Committee
on the Pacific railroad; and also move that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. LEACH. I desire to have a few min-
utes to make a personal explanation.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Without know-
ing the subject of the remarks the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Leach] desires to
make at this time_, I will inquire of him how
much time he desires ?
Mr. LEACH. I think not more than three
minutes.
