1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
718
they do not charge him quite as much as he
puts in issue I am much mistaken in my men.
We must fix some arbitraly limit; every
limit, of course, is aibitrary. And it was
thought that having now a body of circuit
judges who try cases in the circuit courts,
■who tiy them as a rule, whose business it is to
try them, as high a class of judges as any in
(he country, it was heft to make this limit,
because, as I have said, we mast bring down ;
the amount of litigation before these courts; ;
and the very suggestion of my friend from Wis- ;
consin, [Mr. Eldridgc,] to wit, that wo add
something by the criminal part of this bill, is j
an evidence i hat we must bring other business :
down. I think it is a great wrong that while ]
we sit here disputing on the question whether 1
this jurisdiction of the Supremo Court shall
be limited to S5.000, in matters of money, yet
when a man's life or his liberty is at stake he
cannot get a hearing before the Supreme Court
upon anyone question, except two judges hap-
pen to be on the bench, and those two judges
happen to differ.
Mr. N1BLACK. I have a little curiosity to
know how it is that the Committee on the He-
vision of the Laws lias got possession of this
class of legislation, when by the itnmemoiial
usage of the House it belongs to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary. The distinguished chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary [Mr.
Bixgiiam] now sits on our side of the House,
and as X feel a great interest in his behalf, 1
desire to protest, against, this interference with
the business of his commitic e.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massaehu,satis. The way
we got it was that the House gave it to us, by
referring this bill to our committee.
Mr. N 1BLACK. It was certainly a great
oversight on the part of the House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Niblack] does not
belong to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and therefore he has no tight to complain._ I
do belong to that committee, and 1 have a right
to complain if any wrong lias been done.
Mr. NIBLACK. I am impartial, and there-
fore can more properly interfere.
Mr. MERRICK. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to this bill with reference to^ appeals
from the courts of the District ot Columbia.
~ Mr. BUTLLR, of Mai-stehuseus. I will
hear it. .
Mr. MEllRICK. The coutis ot the Dis-
trict of Columbia are not constituted at all
with reference to making them ultimate tii-
bunals or courts of appeal ; they are nothing
but nUlprius courts. They have a Urge juris-
diction, and the people lmve immemoriuliv
had the right of appeal to the Supreme Court.
1 desire to move au amendment that they shall
have the right of appeal and writs of error to
the Supreme Cour% as heretofore, in all cases
where tlie jx'nouut ui controversy oxco.us thfi
sum of $2,000. K hawliei'ii Haul that this bill
has tho approbation of the judges of_ (he
Supremo Court. It has been said, 1 believe,
that it has had the special approbation and
preparation of Justice Miller. Now, 1 am
advised that Justice Miller himself is in lavor
of the restoration rtrd preservation of the right
of appeal from tho supreme court ot the
District of Columbia to the Supreme Court
of the United States.
Mr. BUTLLR, of Massachusetts. Let tne
amendment be read.
Mr. MERIilCiv. Tho amendment is s.m-
ply to preserve the light, of appealirom the
Wprc.Be court of the District of Columbia in all
cases where it now prevails, where the amount
in controversy exceeds toe sum of $2,000. it
is lut light and proper. Mr. Speaker, that this
people hererho'ild have some protection from
the greet n.-imlc of juL-prudence winch is
suiced !).' ibe gu u'diansbip of this nation in
ii'ie f.lhri-v/ing of this Copiti.l. They should
net be le't in all m if ter s as pariahs to be thrown
about at, the mercy of all sorisof experiments.
They have suffered enough by injudicious
legislation. Let them at least have the guard-
ianship of that great tribunal which admin-
isters the Constitution and the laws of these
United States for the protection of all the peo-
ple of the country, The number of appeals
from the supremo court of the District of
Columbia will, at any rate, bo small.
Mr. BUTLER of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman is wholly mistaken in supposing the
bill does not. now allow what ho is asking.
Mr. MERRICK. No, sir, it only allows
the .same light cf appeal from the territorial
courts as there is from the State courts; that
is when a right is claimed under the Constitu-
tion or some statute of the United States, and
that ri'^ht is denied by I he judgment of the
court, an appeal is allowed to the United States
court, for the purpose of protecting and uphold-
ing the Federal authority where it, is assailed on
the part of the judicial organization of one of
the States. But there is no danger ot' this Dis-
trict in its organization assailing the Federal
power, or setting up an antagonism of juris-
diction or law with reference to the Federal tri-
bunals. There is no need, therefore, of put-
ting this District in the same predieamentwnh
the several States of the Union. Tho people
of this District are your helpless wards; they
demand and ought to rcccive at tho hands of
Congress the full protection which the highest
judicial tribunal can give thorn, for the preser-
vation of equal justice among this poor people
here.
I know something of the matter whereof I
speak. I have long been connected with tne
people of this District; for many years 1 was
one of the judges of thecouitlor this District:
I know the lights that these people have, and
that their rights ought to be guarded and pro-
tected. Unless they have the privilege of
going to the Supreme Comt of the United
States, poor indeed will be their condition with
respect to the equal, impartial, and enlight-
ened administration of justice. In their mime
I appeal to the House and beg it not to ignore
their rights and privileges; and 1 would sup-
port that appeal by the statement that the very
justice of the Supreme Court who picpared
this bill is now of the opinion, as X am inform
ally authorized to state, that the right of appeal
should be. preserved to this people as it has
heretofore been exercised in their behalf. Not
more than two or three appeals in the course
ot a year go up to the Supreme Court ot the
United Slates from tho supreme court of this
District; but at least let the people here, have
that right of appeal; let them have this check
over the judiciary—a check which, although it-
may seldom be called into operation, will still
hang over the judges of the District as a safe-
guard for the people, so as to secure the fair
and careful administration of the law to these
poor people, who have no friends to take care
of them except this Congress. 1 do trust, Mr.
Speaker, that the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I trust we
shall now hear the amendment read.
The Clerk read as fjllows:
Provided, That appeals and writ'; of enorfrom the
supreme court (if tho District of Colombia to the
Supreme Court of the United States shall remain as
now provided by law in all cases where tho matter iu
de-puic thai! cxcocd the sum ot S2.0OU.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The Dis-
trict of Columbii has a court consisting of five
i jdei-s learned and able. I assure the gentle-
man from Maryland [Mr. Mkruick] that the
character of that court is very mue'.i improved
since ho u^ed to know it. [I 'imghtei. J
Mr. MERRICK. 1 do not propose to call
in question the comparative chaiaeter of those
t who formerlv administered jus'licc in the court
■ of this District and those who now do so. It
wos not my purpose to reflect on those who
are members of the couit at^ present ; I only
adverted to those who heretofore administered
justice here for the purpose of showing that
I knew something iu relation to tno matter
whereof I SDoke.* it is not my habit to in-
dulge iu personal. reflections, althougn me
gentleman from Massachusetts rosy be, per-
haps, quite as obnoxious to them as myself if
I pleased to moke any such reflections.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I must
resume tho floor.
Mr. MERRICK. I addressed myself to the
reason and judgment, of tho House.
Mr. KARNSWORTH, I am appealed to
to renew my motion. As it is probable thin
will consume considerable time, I suggest tliot
it go over li'll to-morrow.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 desire
simply to say to the House, Mr. Speaker, that
in this case the District of Columbia has what,
the people of the Stales have not; they have
a judicial tribunal in banc of fivo judges paid
for by tho United States, with all their ex-
penses paid, and they have fully the right
to appeal to the Supremo Court that every-
body in every State has beside. Then they
have the additional rifdit, to wit, that every
man in a State can only have the right to
appeal where some law of the United Siatcs i-i
called in question under five thousand dollars.
Now, as most of the eases iu the District of
Columbia arise under laws of the United
States, if they are harmed by the adjudication
of the courts of the United States, they can
appeal and have that, que lion reexamined. So
the "poor people'1 of the District, of Columbia,
who will not have many cases of $2,000, have
all the rights, and more, too, that the rest ot
the people of tho United Stites have, so far
as regards judicial proceedings. And there is
more time consumed by the Supreme Court
of the United States in Inuring case-; from tho
District of Columbia thru there is in hearing
those from any Sta'e in the Union. in lh"re
wss more time consumed in i he; il'-u-'e logisSat-
ing for the District of Columbia in the olden
time than for any one StMe, in the Union. We
hear of nothing but what the Disuict of Colum-
bia wants in Congress. Thoj are imporltma'o
wards if unfortunate wards of the na'ion.
'Therefore I tins', there will be no exccp.ion,
because eveiybody, then, will he gettang^ his
little litigation into the District ol Colnmbi*.
I now cali for the, vote.
Mr. BINGHAM. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to enll the previous question?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
allow the amendment of the gentleman lrom
Maryland to be offered.
•Mr. BINGHAM. 1 desire to be heard on
this bill before the previous question is called-
Mr. FARNSWORT1I. I move to proceed
to the business on tho Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
apportionment.
The first bill on the Speaker's table was
the bill (II. R. No. 213) for the apportionment
of Representatives among the several States
according to the ninth census, returned from
the Senate with amendment-;.
The Clerk read the amendments, as follows ;
Hue seventeen, strike out tho words " and
in Meih maimer." .
Add at tho end of the bill the following :
hue. 0. That t-hould any State, utter tho pasture
of thia act. deny or abridge thornsUoi any ot tho
male inhabitants of such State-', heins twenty-one
years oi age, and citizens ot tho united btates, to
vote at any election named in tins Constitution, artl-
clo fourteen, fctjcuun ono, exccpt /or participation,
iu tho roucilion or other eriuK , uio nuuiocr oi Rep-
resentative0 apportioned hi tins act to sucli states
shall be reduccd in the proportion winch tho num-
ber of °uch male citizens bh.ill have to the whole
number ot mate ciU/,e.w t'.mnty-ono yea.-s oi ago ill
such Stato.
Mr. FARXSWGRTH. I move the House
concur in the amendnvnls oi the Senate. Ihey
i; can do no iinnil.
,1 The amendment; of riie Senate were sev-
j| erallv agreed to.
jj i.vdian .".i-ritoi'uiation bat.
ij Mr. SARGENT. I wish to move that the
ij House icsolve itself into a Oomm ttce of the
!| Whole on tho state of the Union lor the pnr-
|i pose of taking up and cmsidoriug the Indian
fl appropriation hill, and before doing so I wish
