1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4297
Orleans and at other points on the Mississippi
river were in the habit of -visiting the valiev of
the Wabash and drawing their principal sup-
plies for the sugar and cotton States from that
fruitful valley. As it is now, with this great
obstruction only ninety-five miles above its
mouth, its commerce is almost entirely inter-
rupted.
These are the simple facts of the case briefly
stated. Indiana has never been the recipient
of one dollar of appropriation from the Gen-
eral Government for this noble stream. She
never has received any appropriation what-
ever except for the improvement of the harbor
at Michigan City, and the sum total of those
appropriations since 1836 is about one hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars. I hope this
amendment will be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired.
Mr. CHANDLER, Here is the report of
the engineer:
"By letter from the office of the chief of engineers,
dated July 23, 1870, I was cha,rged, in addition to
other duties, with the survey of the Wabash river
from Wabash. Indiana, to its mouth.
"From the amount of money which was allotted
to me to conduct the various surveys with which X
was charged, I couldonly set aside $2,000 for this
work. No accurate instrumental survey could be
attempted with such a small sum, and I therefore
determined to limit my operations here to a mere
preliminary examination or reconnoissance of the
river."
Then he winds up this report by recom-
mending $125,000.
Mr. PRATT. One hundred and seventy-
five thousand dollars.
Mr. CHANDLER. No, $125,000. The
committee of the House, upon consultation
with the chief engineer and with the Repre-
sentative from that district, finally put in
$50,000, which is a larger percentage than
the committee propose anywhere else, and I
hope the Senate will stand by the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana.
Theamendment was rejected—ayes fourteen,
noes not counted.
Mr. PRATT. Now I move to amend
by striking out "$50,000," and inserting
" $75,000," and the Senate will consider the
same speech repeated. [Laughter.]
Mr. CHANDLER. Onboth sides. [Laugh-
ter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana, making the appropriation $75,000.
The question being put, there weres on a
division—ayes 17, noes 21.
Mr. PRATT. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLE. I think we ought not to over-
ride the committee in this way. I should be
glad to accommodate the Senator from Indi-
ana as far as 1 could ; but if we override the
committee and the Department at the same
time, because there is no estimate whatever for
this, I think we shall have a long session before
we conclude the bill.
Mr. PRATT. It is only $25,000. It is the
only thing I have ever asked of the Senate in
the way of appropriation.
Mr. CONKLING. The fact just stated by
the Senator from Indiana makes it a yery dis-
agreeable thing .to refuse this request of his.
It is very true that he does not ask very much
of the Senate, and if this depended on per-
sonal considerations the Senator cannot doubt
that the whole Senate on both sides would vote
with him, but the Committee on Commerce
who examined this bill very carefully, not only
at the ordinary meetings of the committee,
but set evenings apart to consider it, and did
consider it. very carefully and conscientiously,
found themselves surrounded by a great many
amendments offered by Senators who felt very
zealous in behalf of the amendments. They
found they must draw the line somewhere.
They found a bill which had been loaded by
the House to the water's edge, which already
contained appropriations so large that they
were afraid it might go down under the weight
which had been given to it there. They found
some amendments to which their attention
had been brought, which it was said had been
overlooked by the House, one or two of them
acted upon under mistake in the House, which
were so urgent that they were compelled to
recommend them. They attempted to draw
and did draw a line upon those amendments
which at some time might be proper, which
had merits, which they would be glad to
consider, and those which were urgently and
indispensably necessary now. The honorable
Senator from Minnesota [Mr. Ramsey] came
before the committee personally, and others
came, and urged an amendment relating to
the preservation of navigation and water-
power upon the upper Mississippi. That was
an urgent amendment, and yet the commit-
tee thought it was not so peremptory that
they would be justified in doing it after the
large appropriations already made by the bill.
It was for considerations like these that the
committee felt bound to adhere to the bill as
they have reported it. So we have voted
against the amendment urged by the honor-
able Senator from New Jersey, and against
other amendments which doubtless had merit.
And now the honorable Senator from Indiana
will see that, glad as the Senate would be to
oblige him, if we once open the door, if we
once untie the knot, we float out upon a sea
without a shore or a bottom, and the result
will be that the river aud harbor bill will be
lost. It will be swamped by the addition of
amendments whieh we cannot resist if we
begin by indulging the Senator from Indiana,
glad as, I am sure I may say, (and this is per-
haps the only time I may speak for the whole
Senate,) every Senator would be to oblige him.
It is for these reasons that I feel compelled
to vote against his amendment, much as I
regret to do so.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman. Cragin, Freling-
huysen, Harlan, Hitchcock, Morrill of Maine, Nye.
Pool. Pratt, Ramsey, 'Thurman, Trumbull, and "Wil-
son—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Blair, Bucking-
ham, Casserly, Chandler, Cole, Cockling, Cooper,
Edmunds, Teuton, Flanagan, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Johnston, Kellogg,
Kelly, Norwood, Pomeroy, Bice. Saulsbury. Scott,
Sherman, Vackers, and West—26.
ABSENT—Messrb. Bayard, Brownlow, Caldwell,
Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton, Corbett, Bavis of
Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Ferry of Con-
necticut, Ferry of Michigan, Grilbert, Goldthwaite,
Hamlin, Howe, Lewis, Logan, Morrill oi Vermont,
Morton, Osborn. Patterson, Ransom, Robertson.
Sawyer, Schura, Spencer, Sprague. Stevenson,
Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Tipton, Windoin, and
Wright—34.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. E desire to offer an
amendment to come in at the end of the bill,
which I think will save the Government a
great deal of money and will give us informa-
tion to enable us to act more intelligently in
making these appropriations. I have submit-
ted it to the chairman of the committee, and I
hope it may meet the unanimous approval of the
Senate.
The way those improvements are made
is in the first place by inserting in one of
these bills a provision directing a survey to
be made of a particular harbor or river. It
is said " We have the engineer corps j it will
cost nothing to make the survey." The officer
makes the survey and reports what it will cost
to make the river navigable. We have no
information as to the necessity for navigating
the river ; the officer does not undertake to
report upon thepropriety of the improvement;
but then after this report is made it is regarded
as a recommendation of the War Department
to make the improvement, and we make the
appropriation when we have no information at
all as to the propriety of the thing, and the
officer has only spoken, as I am reminded by
my friend from Vermont, [Mr. Edmotds,] of a
physical fact, I have prepared an amend-
ment requiring the Secretary of War in com-
municating the results of examinations and
surveys of new points for improvement and
there are quite a number provided for here—
to ascertain as faras itis practicable and com-
municate the amount of tonnage, the commer-
cial business, and other facts tending to show
the necessity of making the improvement, so
that we may have the facts before us. I hope
it will be unanimously agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Theamend-
ment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
insert as au additional section :
That in the examinations or survey of all new
points mentioned in the foregoing section, the Sec-
retary of War be directed to ascertain, as far as
practicable, the amount of tonnage and of commer-
cial business during the previous year at each point,
together with such other facts as tend to show the
necessity for the contemplated improvement, and
that he communicate the same together with liia
report of the examinations or survey of such points.
Mr. STEWART. I suggest to leave out
"new points," and have that information as
to all points.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will modify theamend-
ment by permission of the Senate: instead of
saying "facts that tend to show," to say
" facts that bear upon the question of." In
reply to the Senator from N evada, I will say
that to extend this amendment to some of
these improvements, for instance, like the
mouth of the Mississippi river, would be re-
quiring information to be obtained which we
should not care about. I thought if we got it
as to new places it would give us some inform-
ation we ought to have.
Mr. STEWART. There are a good many
places for which appropriations are made now
that we ought to be informed about, and in-
formation would enable us to distinguish the
important ones.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should he glad to have
it; but I thought it would be requiring too
much.
Mr. STEWART. In regard to the mouth
of the Mississippi river, everybody would know
all about it in a few hours. I want it for places
that we do not know about. T think the words
"newpoints" had better be stricken out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That modi-
fication of the amendment will be made.
Mr. THURMAN. I feel very much in-
clined to move as an amendment to that, "and
that the Secretary of War be required daily to
read at least fifty published advertisements of
railroad bonds, and, at least once a week,
Knott's speech on Duluth," [laughter,] for,
Mr. President, what is the effect of this? If the
Secretary of War is to send in here a parcel
of statistics about any contemplated improve-
ment, the people who are interested in that
improvement will make out that that is the
greatest place that ever was seen, that there is
more commerce, that there are more people
who trade there, more business done there or
will be done there if the improvement be made
than was ever done at London or ever was
done at Tyre or Venice. The whole practical
effect of this thing will be that every one of
these.reports will Ilea pnffing advertisement
for an appropriation. That will be the prac-
tical effect of it precisely.
I am amazed that my friend from Illinois
should suppose this would be any guide to us.
VVe shall have the report of the Secretary of
War loaded down with statistics about how
many people live within a certain circle of this
canal or this harbor that is to be dredged, or
the like, or how much commerce there was
there ; and all sorts of village boards of trade
will be pouring in information upon him to
show how many shingles and how many boards
and how many barrels of flour, and the like,
would cotne to that port if /ou would only
dredge th-e harbor or dig a little canal or clean
