3402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
bill I move the amendment to test the ques-
tion.
Mr. DAWES. It is in order to move the
free list be reduced ten per cent, from what it
now is 
Mr.BEATTT. I object to debate. •
Mr. KERR. My point of order is tliat it is
not in order to move the free list as an amend-
ment to this section.
Mr. BECK. So I think.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order. The Chair understands
anything germane to the purposes of the bill
or to the purposes of the tariff portion of it
would be in order, for when we come to the
free list the committee may decide to strike
out all of the items now in the bill, when it
would be impossible to go back to the second
section.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I desire to ask a
question. Is it not perfectly manifest to every
iair-minded man that when debate was closed
upon this paragraph it was not intended to in-
clude lumber or any of the articles placed oil
the free list? And if not, how can it be in
order to put on this gag?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Kentucky f Mr. Beck] moves an amendment
to perfect the original text. The Chair knows
no limit to that, cxcept that it must be ger-
mane. The fact that the item mentioned in
the amendment may be in the free list, does
not prevent its being in order here. Lumber,
if not placed here, might be put on the free
list.
Mr. BECK. The object I had in making
the motion was to obtain the decision of tho
Chair, as now given, in order to appeal from
if, believing, as I do, that the House never in-
tended to stop debate on such articles as
were not embraced in the twenty-live lines on
which debate was limited. 1 therefore appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state in
reply to what lias been said by the gentleman
irom Kentucky [Mr. Buck] that the decision
of tlie Chair does not stop debate on those
articles, because they can be debated when the
committee comes to considsr another section
where they are. But when they are proposed
as an amendment, to this section they cannot
be debated. The Chair will state further that
his decision is in accordance witli rulings found
on the Journals of the House.
Mr. BECK. Then I withdraw the amend-
ment, I offered it merely as a test.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, a good deal
has been said very freely 
Mr. BEATTY. 1 object to debate.
Mr. DAWES. I did not intend to debate.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [ Mr. Dawes J will state for what
purpose he rose.
Mr. DAWES. I rose for a personal explan-
ation.
Mr. BROOKS. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection being made
a personal explanation is not in order. The
question is on the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
which the Clerk will again report.
The Clerk read as follows :
After line twenty-five, ndd the following :
On all lumber and manufactures of lumber.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts by
adding the words "on pickets and palings and
laths."
The question being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Brooks, there were—ayes 47,
noes 3G ; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Brooks and Mr.
Conger.
Mr. BROOKS. I desire also to add " hubs
for wheels."
Mr. LYNCH. I rise to a point of order.
The House was dividing on the amendment of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,]
and it is not in order for him at this stage to
offer another amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The tellers will take
their places.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes sixty-eight.
Mr. CONGER. I withdraw the demand for
further count.
Mr. BEATTY. I insist on further count.
The CHAIRMAN. The tellers will com-
plete the count.
The division was completed, and the tellers
reported—ayes 78, noes 44.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DUKE. I offer the following amend-
ment to the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawks:]
Strike out nit after tho word "on" and insert tho
following : " all incomes over $3,000, there shall bo
assessed and collected fivo percent, per annum."
Mr. DAWES. I raise the point or order
that that is not germane.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. DUKE. Internal tax forms a part of
the bill as much as tariff.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The guestion is on the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts, as
amended.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I should like to
hear it read as it now stands.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add after tho twenty-fifth lino the following:
On nil lumber and manufactures of lumber ; on
pickets aud palmus and laths.
Mi. EARNS WO IITII. 1 desire to add the
words " there shall be no duties levied."
Mr. DAWES. I raise the point of order
on that.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Farnswortii] will have an opportunity
of moving that amendment when the free list
is readied.
Mr. COX. I offer the following amend-
ment to the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, ■' provided that all timber used
in ship-building shall be exempt from duty."
Mr. PETERS. That is already on the free
list.
Mr. COX. Well, why cannot it go in here?
Mr. DAWES. It is the law of the land
now.
Mr. COX. Never mind that.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. Let us put it in
again.
Mr. COX. I want it in again. The gentle-
men from Maine will all sustain my amend-
ment.
Mr. DAWES. Well, no one objects to it.
Mr. COX. I want to carry something here
if I can. [Laughter.]
The question was put on the amendment of
Mr. Cox, and it was agreed to.
messaok from the kknatk.
The committee rose informally; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
from the Senate, by Mr. Syaipsov, one of its
cierlts, announced that the Senate had agreed
to the amendment of the House of Represent-
atives to the bill (S. No. 815) to authorize the
construction of certain budges across the
Mississippi river, and to establish the same as
post roads.
TARIFF.
The Committee of the Whole then resumed
its session.
Mr. KERR. I move to amend the section
offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
by adding thereto the following:
On all copper imported in the form of ores, two
cents on each pound of tine copper contained therein;
on all regulus of copper, and on all block or coarse
copper, two and a half cents on each pound of fine
copper contained therein; on all old copper, tit only
for remanufacture, two and one halt cents per pound ;
on all copper in plates, bars, ingots, pigs, and in
other forms not manufactured or herein enumer-
ated. including sulphate of copper or blue vitriol,
two and one half couth per pound; on copper in i oiled
plates, called braziurs copper, sheets, rods, pipes,
and eoppor bottoms, and nil munulactnres of cop-
per, or of which copper shall bo a component of
chief value, not otherwise herein provided for.
thirty per ccnt. ad vnlorem.
Mr. DAWES. I raise the point of order
that this is not germane to this amendment of
mine. Let us dispose of that first.
Mr. KERR. My amendment proposes a
reduction of about thirty per cent.
Mr. DAWES. But it is not germane to a
lumber amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. KERR. Is this not germane fo the
pending section which relates to the subject of
metals generally.
Tho CHAIRMAN. The amendment now
pending is one relating to lumber, and this
amendment is not. germane to that amend-
ment, although it might be in order as an
independent proposition.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I move to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts by adding, alter the word ''ship-
building," the words "and fencing;" so that
it shall road:
On all lumber and manufactures of lumber ; on
pickets, pnUnKS, and laths: That all
timber used in ship-building and leucine shall be
exempt from duty.
Mr. CONGER. I rise to a point of order.
Timber is not used to make fence. It is some
manufacture of timber that is used.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. We use timber.
The question was taken on the amendment;
and there were—ayes 64, noes 57.
Mr. FARNSWORTII called for tellers.
Tellers weie ordered; and Mr. Conuhr and
Mr. Farxsworth were appointed.
The committee divided; and tho tellers
reported—ayes (58, noes 55.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COX. I move further to amend by
adding after the word "fencing" the words
"all houses, barns, and stabling."
The question was put upon the amendment,
and no quorum voted.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Cox aud
Mr. Peters were appointed.
The.committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 09, noes 04 ; no quorum
voting.
The CHAIRMAN directed the roll to be
called and the names of the absentees noted,
when the following members failed to answer
to their names :
Messrs. Adams, Ames, Barnum, Bis;:-, Bright,
IJurdett, Benjamin l'\ Jiutlel, Roderick R. Kuller,
Caldwell. Clarke, CoKhlan, ComiiiKo, Oroely, 1)0
LiirKe. Kly, Fanvcll, Vorker, Cluuies Foster, Uar-
lield, (ialrctt, Giddily, Goodrich, Jialdcman,
il.ilsey. Havens. Ili.ulcv. llai.-,, Hermion, jioar,
11 oopei, Ketoliam, Kimella, Lans-inK, Marshall,
Maynard, Mcllenrv, iMilrhelt. Moore, Morphis,
Orr, Piatt, Poland. Porter, Potter. Prindle, R-iiney,
ShcllabarKer, tflocum, Huyder, Thomas J. Spoor,
SpriiKue. ,St.owoiI, fSntherlarul, Thomas, Dwurht
Townsend, 'J'uthill, Walden, Wells, Jeromiah JVX.
Wilson, and Wood.
During the roll-call,
Mr. BANKS said: My colleague, Mr.
Hoot'eii, is absent from the House on account
of sickness.
Mr. COTTON said: My colleague, Mr.
Wai.dion, is absent from the House on account
of sickness.
The roll-call having been concluded, the
committee rose, and the Speaker having ic-
sumed the chair, Mr. Wheeler reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had under
consideration the bill to reduce duties on im-
ports, and to reducc internal taxes, and for
other purposes, and finding itself without a
quorum had caused the roll to be called and
hereby reported the names of the absentees to
the House.
The SPEAKER. The roll shows the pres-
ence of one hundred and seventy-six members,
