714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
to move that all general debate in the Com-
mittee of the Whole shall be limited to five
minutes.
mexican affairs.
Mr. CONNER. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a moment to offer a resolution
calling for information.
Mr. SARGENT. I will yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. CONNER. I offer the following reso-
lution.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That the Committco on Foreign Affairs
be requested to inquire into certain outrages that
have been perpetrated by citizens of the republic
of Mexico and ludiaus domiciledin the Mexican
territory agninst citizens of the United States resid-
ing on the Rio Grande frontier, and that Colonel
Williams, oi San Antonio, Texas, now in Washing-
ton, bo examined by tlio comuuttoe.
Mr. CONNER. Mr. Speaker, one word of
explanation. I wish to refer that inquiry to
the Commiitee on Foreign Affairs. The gen-
tleman indicated is now in the city of Wash-
ington, and is familiar with all the depreda-
tions which have been committed down there.
Mr. BANKS. X move that that resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
ikon steam icic-boats.
Mr. N EG LEY. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table, with a view
to its consideration at the present time, the
bill (S. No. 487) to exempt the iron steam
ice boats constructed by the city of Philadel-
phia from the inspection required by the act
of February '28, 1871, entitled "An act to pro-
vide for the better seeuiity of life on board ef
vessels propelled in whole or in part by steam,
and for o'lx-r purposes."
Mr. BIRD. 1 obj' Cl to the present consid-
eration "f that bill.
.Mr. SniOLLABAIlGER. ^ I hope the gen-
tleman will not object. This bill ought to
pass now or not nt all. There are two boats
that are used simply for breaking ice and
keeping clear the navigation of the liver at
Philadelphia and below, and now or never is
the time the hill ought to pass. 1 hope the
objection will be withdrawn.
Mr. BIRD. 1 withdraw my objection.
Mr. NEGLEY. 1 propose to amend the
bill as follows:
At the end ofLliobUl add tho following:
Provided, This act shall expire at the end of six
months from axul after its passage.
The amendment was agreed to.
The hill, as amended, was ordered to be
read a third time, and it was accordingly read
tho third time, and passed.
Mr. Ij. MYERS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider bo laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I now yield to tho gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Farwell] to move to
take a bill from the Speaker's table, if it
does not lead to debate.
BENJAMIN II. CAMPBELL.
. Mr. FARWELL. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table, with a view
to its present consideration, a bill (S. No. 352)
for the relief of Benjamin H. Campbell, mar-
shal of the United States for the northern dis-
trict of Illinois.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information.
'J he bill was read. It authorizes the Attor-
ney General, in the settlement of the accounts
of Benjamin II. Campbell, marshal of the
United States (or the northern district of Illi-
nois, to allow him credit for such amount of
United States Treasury and national bank
notes aa were in his hands as marshal be-
longing to the United States, not to exceed
$7,679 .13, as he may be satisfied was burned
up in said marshal's office and in the custom-
house building at Chicago, Illinois, on the 9th
October, 1871.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I object.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. COBURN. I ask the gentleman from
California [Mr. Sargent] to yield to me to
move to take a bill from the Speaker's table
for reference.
Mr. DAWES. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from California that he yield for the
reference of all bills on the Speaker's table
to which there is no objection.
Mr. SARGENT. 1 yield for that purpose.
artificial limbs.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 471) to
amend an act entitled "An act supplementary
to an act to provide for furnishing artificial
limbs to disabled soldiers," approved June
30, 1870, was taken from the Speaker's table,
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
SOLDIERS'DISCHARGES
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 300)
to prohibit the retention of soldiers' discharges
by claim agents and .attorneys was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
grades in military skrvice.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 893)
to authorize the discontinuance of certain
grades in the military service was taken fiom
tho Speaker's table, read a first and sceond
time, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
SAL15 OK LAND AT SAO HARBUIt.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. U8)
providing for the sale of land belonging to the
United States, situatedat Sag Harbor, Suffolk
county in the State of New York, was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a tirst and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
ann m'carthy.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 265)
to authorize the payment of bounty to Ann
McCarthy was taken from the Speaker's table,
read a first. and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
ISSUE OF CLOTHING.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 449)
authorizing the issue of clothing to certain
enlisted men of company B, fourteenth regi-
ment of infantry, was taken from the Speaker's
table, read a first atid second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
LIGHTS IS CRAIGIIILL CHANNEL.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 413) !
to appropriate a sum of money for the placing '
of range-lights along the ship-channel in the j
Chesapeake bay and Patapsco river, in the !
State of Maryland, commonly called the Craig- 1
hill channel, was taken from the Speaker's
table, read a first and second time, and referred j
to the Committee on Commerce.
benjamin ii. campbell.
The SPEAKER. There remain upon the
Speaker's table only two bills: the bill which
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Sawyer]
desires shall remain there, and the bill of the
Senate, No. 352, for the x-elief of Benjamin LI.
Campbell, marshal of the United States for the
northern district of Illinois, which the gentle
man from Illinois [Mr. Farwell] desired to !
call up, but objection was made by the gentle-
man from Michigan, [Mr. Blair.] Is there
objection to the reference of that bill to the '
Committee of Claims?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think, on a state- !
ment of the facts of the ease, no gentleman j
would object to the passage of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I shall object unless it goes
to the committee.
The bill was then taken from the Speaker's
table, read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that all general
debateoti the Indian appropriation bill in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of tho Union
be closed in five minutes after the committee
shall proceed to the consideration of the same.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself"
into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union for the purpose of considering the
Indian appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Cox in the chair.) and proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill (H. ft. No. 1192) making
appropriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling so-cr.lled treaty stipulations vviih vari-
ous Indian tribes, for the year ending June
30, 1873, and for other purposes.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous consent
that the first reading of the bill bo dispensed
with.
No objection was made, and the Clerk pro-
ceeded to read the bul by clauses for amend-
ment.
The following clause was read :
For vaccine matter and vaccination of Indians,
$5,000.
Mr. WOOD. I see, sir, that this b>ll is
going through the committee without any in-
formation being furnished in regard to it. I
desire to ask the gentleman who reports the
bill from the Committee on Appropriations
in what respect it differs from the bul of the
last Congress?
Mr. SARGENT. The portion of the bill
now under consideration, and most of it, does
not differ at all from the bill of last year.
Further along there are some appropriations
for the Apaches in Arizona and in iN' ew Mexico,
who have been on the war-path for several
years, and who are now being gathered into
resei vations. They have coinmittrd many
murders and depredations, and we are endeav-
oring to extend to them the policy which we
extended to the Sioux of Minnesota; in other
words, to feed and not fight them. There ate
two bands of Sioux, who have never before
boeu brought upon any reservation, now being
collected at the Assiniboin and Yankton
agency. These Indians are disposed to cease
their savage life, and are willing, if the Gov-
ernment treats them as it treats the other
tribes, to remain at peace. These are tho
principal differences in the bill. There may
be some of minor importance to which I wiil
call tho attention of the committee as we pro-
ceed.
Mr. WOOD. I move to strike out the last
word of the clause just read. I regi et that tho
honorable gentleman from California has not
given us some other information which 1 think
we require at this time. We know that within
the last two years a material change lids been
effected in the policy of the Government in
reference to the Indians; that instead of
attempting to annihilate them by ball and can-
non, recently a persuasive policy has been put
into operation to a very great extent by the
Government, and so far we have no official
data upon which to judge of the result of" that
policy. The gentleman from California is
exceedingly familiar with this question, ami
has participated very largely in the dUcussiou.>
in this House, which we have had annually for
the last three or four years, with reference to
the proper treatment of the Indians. 1 had
expected from him, therefore, as he is the
champion and mover of this measure, some
explanation whether the policy which has re-
cently been adopted is successful, and whether,
if successful, there is any necessity of keeping
