662
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 27,
Ho. 03? Reps.
The District of Columbia—Mr. Chipman.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
to vote a ticket which he did not desire t©
vote.
The statement is equally untrue that thou-
sands of men were placed on the pay-rolls just
before election day, and, as my colleague in
another portion of his speech intimates, were
discharged after they had voted.
Without resorting to the testimony to prove
the incorrectness of the paragraph which I
have just quoted, I will only do so in one in-
stance, and I think it may safely be assumed
that if the statement of my colleague is false
in one particular it is false in others.
On page 658 is an abstract of daily reports
showing the number of men, carts, and plow
teams employed under the direction of the
superintendent of streets during the month of
November, 1871, the month in which the elec-
tion occurred. If my colleague will take the
trouble to examine he will find by the testi-
mony of the superintendent of streets that on
the 20th of November, the day before the elec-
tion, there were on the pay-rolls eight hundred
and nine persons, including the boys who were
driving the carts, and who are below the voting
age, and that there were fewer the day of the
election than the day before. He will also find
that the largest number on any day was sixteen
hundred and forty-nine and the smallest sev-
enty-eight; and that this large number was on
the 13th of November, and, as the witness says,
constituted an extra force put on temporarily
for cleaiing Pennsylvania avenue. Instead of
being retained, as might have been done if it
had been the purpose of the hoard, as my
colleague intimates, to enroll them for the
purpose of voting, the pay-rolls will show
that there was a large discharge of laborers
just before the election.
Thus it is that when this remarkable speech
is broughtface to face with the record it has not
even the Beinblance of truth. He then adds as
a climax to this part of the speech:
"Subsidization of the Press.
" But besides all this the press ot the District was
subsidized most shamelessly 1 Sheets never heard
of even by newspaper men received thousands of
dollars, and even the solo Democratic organ wis
induced to betray its principles."
1 am surprised to find my friend turning his
back upon his guild (for he is himself a news-
paper man) and exposing the newspapers to
condemnation.
There is not much to be said upon this sub-
jeet of newspaper advertising. The majority
of the committee gave it as their opinion that
this was an extravagant expenditure. The
amount was large, I will admit; but when
there are deducted from it, the amount s paid for
advertising to the four leading papers of the
city, which witnesses all agree should have
been given this advertising, and when there is
also deducted from the total the amount of
printing, the sum will not seem so large as has
been represented. I think this much may be
said, however, that if there was any betrayal
of principles by the newspapers it was con-
fined solely to that paper representing the
political principles of my colleague, for all of
the other newspaper men who were brought
before the committee to testify said that they
did not change their principles by reason of
the advertising, and that the-utmost influence
it had upon them was to quicken their zeal.
And I think the gentleman will discover by
examining the testimony that some of the pro-
prietors of this one paper to which he alludes
favored the loan, and that that was the cause
of a rupture among the managers of the paper
and the change of its editorial management.
The vote for the loan was not the vote of
Republicans alone ; it was the vote of progres-
sive men of both parties in the District of
Columbia; indeed, there was scarcely any poli-
tics in tliat election, there being in few of the
election d.stiicts any Democratic nominees at
all, and in no instance was there a Democrat
elected who opposed the loan. Mr. Dickson
and Mr. Hogan, who were elected, both of
them sustained the loan before the people
and voted for it in the Legislature. They were
Democrats, and were reelected, and reelected
wholly on the loan issue. It also appeared in
evidence that several of the papers copied the
advertising without the order of the Governor
and afterwards presented their claims to the
Legislature and were paid. Indeed th.e whole
printing bill was paid by appropriations of the
Legislature, and to that extent was approved
by the people.
A very instructive letter upon this subject
of advertising and printing, written to the
committee by the Governor, is found on pages
191 and 192, and I commend it to those who
care to read the palliating circumstances con-
nected with it. This letter will show that the
amount of advertising and printing was fully
doubled by the obstructions thrown in the way
of the new government by the very men who
now complain of the advertising. There was
a new registration made necessary, an extra
election to be provided for; the advertising of
the four-million loan act, and many other
things went to swell this item of advertising
which would not have been necessary had
the government been permitted to run along
smoothly without factious opposition.
But to leave my colleague, without further
comment upon this subject, to gain such lau-
rels as he may by charging his own profession
with shameless subsidization, I shall only add
that if, as he says, this whole newspaper influ-
ence was so easily purchased, it may show
that I here is some radical defect in the profes-
sion itself, or some natural depravity in news-
paper men that does not exist in others, and in
this way I can account for my colleague going
so wild in his attempt to portray the position
of affairs in this District.
EXPENSE OP RUNNING THE DISTRICT GOVERNMENT.
The speech which I am reviewing proceeds
next to notice the expense of running the Dis-
trict government, and brings into comparison
with the District of Columbia the expenses of
several of the States of the Union for the pur
pose of showing that the District government
is burdened with a large and useless number
of officers, and that its expenses are therefore
much greater than is necessary. I shall not fol-
low this table or attempt to show the fallacies
of its comparison. It is enough to refute it by
calling attention to this fact, that a municipal
government is entirely a different affair from
the government of the State or Territory. I
suppose there are towns in many of the Ter-
ritories of the West and cities whose expendi-
tures are greater than our territorial govern-
ment. The expenses of the city of New York
are vastly more than the State of New York ;
of Boston, more than Massachuseits; and so
on of all the States that he names. He
groups the expenditure of the whole Dis-
trict of Columbia, including the government
of the cities of Washington, Georgetown,
and the county, but he fails to gioup in the
expenditure of the States which he names
the expenses of the different cities, counties,
and townships of those States. He need only
take his own State and his own city for an
example. He puts down the cost of running
the State government at $323,750. I observe
in a published statement coming from the
board of apportionment for the city of New
York that it has set apart over seventeen mil-
lion dollars to meet the expenses of the city
for the year 1872. Deducting every item not
making a part of the cost of running the city
government, and you will have an enormous
difference between the cost of the State an^
the city.
" uncle" george's bill of fare.
Precisely why there is injected into the
speech at this juncture the letter of the
chairman of the board of registration I can-
not see. I supposed if my colleague had any
one distinguishing feature it was his relish for
a jokes wherever perpetrated. In speaking
of the officers of the District government the
gentleman says:
"And nothing can better or more pleasantly
exhibit the easy views of these officers than the
following letter in reference to certain 'free
lunches," breakfasts, dinners, and teas which the
board of registration had eaten at the public ex-
pense, and of which even the servile Legislature
complained as an outrage."
And then follows the humorous letter of Mr.
Gideon, which was received by the Legislature
at the time iu the spirit iu which it was written,
and which never entered the mind of any one
but my serious colleague as anything but a bit
of pleasantry. The fact is that the board of
registration were as hard a worked body of
men as ever attempted to discharge public
duties. It was made up of persons from both
parties, and sat for many days and nights con-
secutively with scarcely any reBt. It was
deemed a proper thing that they should have
such refreshment as would sustain life, and as
they could not procure it for themselves the
District government ordered the expense to
be incurred. The whole amount was but
$1,224 05 during two registrations, (pages 193
and 194;) and when the chairman of the com-
mittee of ways and means of the house of del-
egates called upon the chairman of the board
of registration for a report giving a bill of the
items of each charge which entered into this
expenditure it occurred to Mr. Gideon, as it
would naturally to any one, that the request
was little less than ridiculous, as no one could
be expected to give the items which go to make
up a dinner or breakfast or supper. I have
never heard that the matter made the slightest
impression one way or the other, but it seems
to have made a very strong one upon the mind
of my colleague, who displays a remarkable
faculty for treating seriously those things which
are jokes and resolving serious things into
sheer absurdities and playfulness.
washington canal.
Among other of the nightmares which have
disturbed the sleep of the thousand citizens
has been that which came to them in the shape
of the closed canal. '"Inundation" and ''pesti-
lence" are set down as among the milder re-
sults that must flow from this piece of vandal-
ism and fool-hardiness. It would be haid to
overstate the havoc which these thousand citi-
zens and my colleague anticipate from filling
the canal. To have sat day after day for three
months, as the committee did, with the canal
question intercalated about every third day,
and to have watched the earnest faces of the
junta who had charge of this branch of the
case, one would have supposed some distin-
guished citizen was on trial for his life and
that all the family of relatives stood around
the body as mourners. I confess several times
to have been cruelly shocked when members
of the committee, after two months' inquiry,
and after being taken to the bedside of the
criminal, would express themselves profanely
on the subject and show impatience to be in
at the execution. I pitied from my soul the
deep suffering of Mr. Severson, who may be
said to be the incarnation of the canal, and on
whose broad shoulders rested the defense of
his adopted child.
It was kind in my colleague to lift up his
voice in protest after the verdict and wash his
hands of the iniquity. I believe the sweet
odors and the gentle lullaby of the waters of
the canal will always accompany him as a ben-
ediction for raising his voice in its defense. I
had supposed that the latest posterity would link
the name of our good friend Severson with the
cherished memory of all that was lovely in the
blessed old canal, but I did not think my col-
