4298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jane 6,
out a river, or the like. Everybody knows that
nothing in the world is more absurd than that
kind of thing. All you have to do is to look
at any puffing advertisement of railroad bonds
or railroad stoelc to see what amount of value
is to ba attached to any such thing as that. No,
Mr. President, if Congress is not able itself to
judge whether the object is of sufficient im-
portance to make the improvement, it never
will be able to judge of it by any such report
from the Secretary of War.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It would be very easy to
ascertain the number of vessels that did busi-
ness at a particular place. I will say to the
Senator from Ohio now, that this bill before
him contains appropriations for numerous
places, and 1 will venture, I was going to say
almost my existence, that the Senator from
Ohio cannot tell where they are. He never
heard of them, he knows nothing about them.
I certainly do not know where some of these
places ate, and 1 never heard of them, and I
do not believe the Senator from Ohio did.
Now, it would be some information to me,
something to guide me, if the Secretary of War
had reported that fifty vessels touched at that
place or did business from that point lastyear.
Tt may not, be all the information wo desire,
but I think it would be something in the way
of informing the Senate in regard to this class
of appropriations. I thought it could do uo
harm anu might do good.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I have no doubt of
the importance of having information other
than that which is now brought before the
committees that prepare these appropriation
bills. They arc based upon estimates of the
engineer department. The engineers make
their surveys and they determine that to ac-
complish a certain thing will cost a certain
amount of money. That report comes before
the committee. That report does not show
how gieat, the necessity is, or whether there is
any absolute necessity to make that improve-
ment. It does seem to me that with some such
requirement as this by which you can ascertain
that when an improvement is contemplated a
certain amount, of commerce will be benefited
by it, a certain amount of tonnage, a certain
value of commerce, and that in consequence
of this improvement the freight will be dimin-
ished, we could form a more accurate estimate
of the appropriations which are necessary than
wo can now, and that, we could make these
appropriations with move wisdom and discre-
tion, applying them where they are most
needed and not where the report states that
the greatest amount of money is needed to ac-
complish a certain tiling, whether that thing
is absolutely essential to commerce or not.
Mr. CONKL1NG. The Senator from Ohio
called our attention to the harm this amend-
ment might do. That had not struck me. I
was considering, when he rose, moic the ques-
tion of how much good it would do j and my
friend from Nevada near me [Mr. Stewart]
then said he wanted to know the population
of these various places; and it struck me that
that was a pretty fair test of the utility of this.
The population of every one of these places
he can learn by referring to the census taken
111 the United States once in ten years and
referring to the census taken by the States in
the mean time. It is to exactly those sources
of information that the engineers must apply
themselves to know that lact, unless, indeed,
they are to go around and count noses every
time they make a survey of a harbor.
Then, some other Senator says he wants to
know how many vessels touch at these places,
the tonnage, and all that.
Mr. THUR1IAN. That is in the commerce
and navigation report.
Mr. CONKLING, The Senator from Ohio
anticipates me in saying that he has only to
turn to the commerce and navigation report
Indeed, i have heard no Senator yet refer to
any information which is not embraced in the
regular documents published here, or is not
matter of record among the depositories of
the United States here.
Some Senator says these bills name places
and we do not know where they are. Very
well, the map shows that; the survey that
comes here of course will show that. You do
not need an amendment for that purpose. I
agree entirely that anything which could be
proposed which would add to the fund of
information we have on this subject or on any
other subject on which we are to legislate,
would be useful, and we ought to have it, and
I did not rise to object to this amendment,
because it did not occur to me that it would
be likely to do harm ; and yet I think there is
some force in what the Senator from Ohio
says, that if you once establish competition
among all these places in reference to the
swollen proportions that can be given to the
exigency existing there, and let them address
themselves to the officers who go to make the
surveys, you are quite likely to get a some-
what exaggerated account of the importance
of those places. But the suggestion that I
rise to make is that the information which
Senators have indicated touching population,
tonnage, commerce, the amount of business
transacted, the geographical location of the
place, and all that, is as ready to our hands
now as it can possibly he unless it should be
considered useful for the Department to col-
late in one document this evideifce and pre-
sent it to us in that way. Perhaps that might
save some trouble, but I suppose that is not
the design.
Mr. TRUMBULL. At lines one hundred
and ninety-six and one hundred and ninety-
seven, taking up this bill at random, I lind
this:
For tho improvement of the Tangipahoa river,
Louisiana, S-,500.
I would like to know where 1 can go to lind
information as to the amount of tonnage upon
that stream arid what the character of it is. ]
confess to ignorance in the sense imputed to
me by the Senator from Ohio, and I should be
very glad if the Senator from Ohio would in-
form me, in regard to this particular item, what
the character of this river is, what the amount
of commerce upon it is, and the facts in re-
gard to it. The bill states it to be in Louisiana,
but if the word "Louisiana." were left out J
should not have known in what part of the
United States it was.
Mr. TIIURMAN. The answer to the Sen-
ator from Illinois is this: that upon every bill
almost that comes before the Senate, Senators
are obliged to rely upon the investigations of
committees ; and the question of the Senator
from Illinois, instead of being addressed to
me, should have been addressed to the chair-
man of the committee who reported the bill.
It is to be presumed that the committee has
discharged its duty, and that therefore this is
an appropriation proper to be made, until the
coutrary shall be shown. It is nothing to say
that you may lind some word in this bill that
nobody has ever heard before. It may be said
in regard to every bill almost that you will
find provision which were unfamiliar to Sen-
ators.^ There is scarcely a bill reported by the
Judiciary Committee that does not contain
some provision not familiar to the Senate ;
but they have to rely on the committee. So
we have to rely ou the committee here.
One thing I have to say: if the Senator
wants a report from the War Department as
to this Yangipahoa river he will have a report
that it is bigger than the Nile, that there is
more commerce on it than ever floated into
Alexandria, and that there is the greatest
necessity in the world not simply to appro-
priate $2,500, but that we appropriate $2,500,-
0001
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The five-
minutes rule applies to amendments to this
bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator from
Ohio suppose that the engineer officer who
examined that river would make a report that
there was more commerce on it than any other?
He has no confidence in his engineers, and [
think must have been a little confused by the
news we have received here of the proposed
promotion of our friend from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Wilson,] or he would not have made
tliat statement. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I wantavote on the amend-
ment we had up in committee on this bill, to
increase the appropriation for the Falls of St.
Anthony trotn $50,000 to $100,000. The Sen-
ate will remember that I then stated that the
estimate made by the engineer department
was ip200,000. All I ask is $100,000.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask that a verbal
amendment be made, which was omitted on
page 8, line sixty-seven, to strike out "Car-
men " and insert " Currier."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That cor-
rection will be made if there be no objection.
Mr. STOCKTON. I desire to renew an
amendment which I moved in committee, on
page 11, line two hundred and fifty-seven, to
strike out "ten" and put in "twenty." I shall
not saything any more to the Senate on this
subject, because it is but a few minutes ago
that 1 occupied as much time as I was entitled
to in giving my reasons why this amendment
should be adopted ; hut, sir, being upon the
floor and having the right to detain the Senate
for five minutes, I ask the attention of the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce,
and 1 ask him to assist me in bringing up
another hill reported by them of great public
importance, to which there can be no opposi-
tion whatever, and putting it through. It is a
bill entitled " A bill to authorize inquiry into
the cause of steam-boiler explosions," re-
ported by the Senator from Michigan from the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER. That bill is reported
and is on the Calendar, I will state to the hon-
orable Senator. I hardly think I should
attempt to put that legislation here. It would
be ruled out of order on this bill. I shall try
to pass that bill.
Mr. STOCKTON. The chairman of the
committee does not understand me. I am not
moving it upon this bill. I have triud ou three
or four occasions to get unanimous consent to
bring the bill up, as it is one no man can vote
against. I simply ask that the bill lie called up
and put on its final passage during my five
minutes.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 would like a final vote
on this bill first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator object ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do for one. I want to
do things in order.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The Senator
from Vermont only objects until the vote is
taken on this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
further amendment to be offered t.o the river
and harbor bill?
The amendment were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. EDMUNDS, the title was
amended so as to read:
An act making appropriations for the repair, pres-
ervation, and completion of certain public works on
"v®r? and harbois for the fiscal year ending June
ou, 181and for other purposes.
CAUSES 01? STiSAM-BOILlStt EXPLOSIONS.
Mr. STOCKTON. I now move to take up
Senate bill No. 999.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will not the Senator
allow me to call up House bill No. 2116, and
I will then give way ?
