1872.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
663
42d Cong....2d Sess.
The District of Columbia—Mr. CMpman.
Ho. of Reps.
league was emulous of sharing that imperish-
able renown.
But, the canal question is not a great joke ;
it has its serious aspect. It was a blunder at
first, and for these many years, almost time
out of mind, it has been an abomination and
reproach that would have been toierated in no
city except where there was charity enough to
tolerate its advocates and listen to their coun-
sels. Washington that was will scarcely ever
outlive the recollection of all its earlier fol-
lies, but when all others are forgotten, the
ghost of this Banquo will rise to plague the
posterity of those who plead with a congres-
sional committee for three mortal months that
it might live. I cannot hope to give the testi-
mony upon this question. It covers certainly
one hundred pages. If one desired he might
make a plausible argument on either side, and
have eminent scientific authority to support
him. Thi3, however, is to be said of the evi-
dence submitted against filling the canal: the
papers put in from General Meigs, General
Humphreys, Captain Patterson, and some
others were papers written not so much with
reference to filling or opening, but they rather
assumed that the canal was to be kept open for
commercial and drainage purposes. If it had
been demonstrated to these gentlemen, as it has
been to Congress, that the drainage of the city
could be secured by parall el sewers, and that the
commercial advantages were to be better sup-
plied otherwise, I doubt very much whether
they would come to the support of the memo-
rialists. Commercially, ail must regard the
canal as an absurdity.
Mr. Smith, botanical gardener, says for
nineteen years the commerce of the canal
above Four-and-a-half street consisted of
fifteen wood-boats, (page 638.)
Mr. Severson, who for some years has been
canal engineer and commissioner alternately,
says the revenue derived from the canal has
been about $4,000 per annum, his salary vary-
ing during the time from $800 to §2,000 per
annum, (page 219.)
Mr. Wise, canal commissioner from 1852
to 1858, says the revenue never exceeded
$6,000 a year and the expenses were lour or
five thousand dollars, (page 657.)
Back of these witnesses we find the strong
common sense of President Jackson, anath-
ematizing the commercial idea with his terri-
ble •' by the Eternal." Let me quote a pas-
sage from Mr. Francis P. Blair's testimony,
(page 788:)
"By Mr. Chandler: .
" Question. How long have yon resided m Wash-
ington?
"An«ioer. I came here in 1830; about forty-two
years sines.
" Question. State whether you had occasion to
know the history and condition of the Washington
canal since you came here.
"Answer. Yes. sil: 1 have known a good deal of
it. As I understand l)r. Hall, he thinks that filling
up the canal will makeit hke a great sponge ot
morass, and that the feculent matter there will
make the city unhealthy. I think the mode of fill-
ing up should be to have it compact, as high as the
tide rises, and keep out the tide by water-proot
walls at each end; then tho earth will not become
a morass, The surface above tide-water miy be
made a sort of French drain, with rubble-stone.
Thefilling completed with soil suited to the growth
of trees would render the nuisance a beautUul
addition to the park.
" Question. How long have you been of the opinion
that the true solution of the canal difficulty would
betofillitup?
" Answer. General Jackson observed to me that it
was the greatest folly in the world to bring a canal
through the city; that we had a tide-water river,
and that the commerce of the city should be carried
on through that.
"By Mr. Eldbebge:
" Question. What do you think of the canal for
commercial purposes?
" Answer. X do not think it useful at ail.
"By Mr. Chandlkk: , _ ,
"Question. This statement by General J ackson was
made to you, was it?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question, W hen ?
" Answer. I thinkin 1832or 1833,somewherealong
there.
"t Question. His opinion was very fixed?
Answer. Yes, sir; be spoke of it as the greatest
absurdity in the world to attempt by a canal to
supersede a tide-water river flowing along by a city,
and make the canal the channel of its commerce.
Wherever you see commerce along the shores of
any place, it becomes dirty, unsightly, and sickly.
The canal we gee has come to this result. Dr.
Hall concurs in this respect with the physicians of
the Board of Health; yet I concur with him in the
belief that if the canal were kept clean and deep
by dredging, or a sufficient fall of water, it might
not be so hurtful as hitherto to the city's health,
though open in the midst of it; stiJl its emanations
would be unwholesome, and the noisome gatherings
on its sides, in the name of commerce, would be a
poor compensation to the people for the loss of the
salubrious air, the reviving green turf, and cooling
shades the park was meant to yield."
It is sad to think how mountebanks and
empirics have for over forty years made this
cesspool the source of official salaries and the
depository of hundreds of thousands of dol-
lars, to the utter destruction of our beautiful
park and the disgrace of our national capital,
Mr. W. H. Phillip, a very intelligent gentle-
man, and an honest and earnest believer in
keeping the canal open, drew before the com-
mittee a very pretty picture of the canal
dredged six feet below low tide, the lumber
and coal yards removed from its banks, plant-
ing it with trees on each side, with a roadway
and drive, throwing graceful bridges over it,
&c., thus making it a thing of "distinctive
beauty." (Page 226.) All this is very agree-
able if practicable, and nothing better could
be suggested. But this idea is incompatible
with the commercial idea, for, as Mr. Blair
well said, " wherever you see commerce
along the shores of any place, it becomes
dirty, unsightly, and sickly and if compati-
ble, where are the millions to come from that
are necessary to the realization of Colonel
Phillip's dream ? Utility and beauty are some-
times combined, but just how one would go
about, making a coal, wood, fish, and oyster
wharf a fine, shaded, and grass-bordered car-
riage drive is not easy to be seen. His grace-
ful bridges would bother the skippers and
their rough masts, and altogether it would
seem to me the esthetics would become fear-
fully entangled with the sterner and more real
necessities of the water-course. But Colonel
Phillip bays: "I confess that if there had not
been a Tiber there, and if it were an original
question, I would not be in favor of making
a canal through Washington;" or, in other
words, "Better beat the ills we have than fly
to those we know not of." Here is the great
difficulty with all these opinions. The Board
of Public Works propose to make an original
question of the canal and solve it aecordiiigly.
Nature made half of Washington city a morass,
but that furnishes no reason for keeping it so.
Nature gave us a Tiber, but must it always
run an open stream through our city?
Nature is very good in its way, but it does not
build cities, and it does not ins'st upon stand-
ing iti the way of man in this necessity of our
life.
The fact is, the only questions connected
with the canal worth considering are, first,
whether, being filled, it will be more hurtful to
health; and second, whether sewers can be
constructed to take its place for sewage.
The first is a sanitary question, the second a
question of engineering. On both the evi-
dence is voluminous pro and con; but the
committee, summing it all up, concluded that
both questions should be answered affirma-
tively, and in this judgment Congress will
probably concur by appropriating $68,000 to
aid the board in filling the canal, as has been
recommended by the Committee on Appro-
priations.*
"This amount has since been appropriate!!, and
thus this important question is settled by Congress.
I look upon the filling the canal as the solu-
tion of the park question; it reclaims and
adds to the park about twenty-five acres; it
renders necessary the removal of all that can-
cerous class of people -who occupy the border
of the canal and make commerce of their
bodies—the only commerce, in fact, known to
the canal for years. It connects the park
directly with any point on Pennsylvania ave-
nue without shock to modesty or offense to
the olfactories, and it unites the hitherto
divorced sections, north and south Washing-
ton. If the new government were abolished
to morrow this one act would justify its crea-
tion, and in my judgment would entitle the
Board of Public Works to the gratitude of
posterity.
seventh street impbovbstekt.
Among other work criticised in a general
way by my colleague is the Seventh street
improvement, which consists of making a mac-
adamized roadway from Boundary street, at
the present terminus of Seventh street, to the
District line north. The memorialists sought,
first, to show that there were blunders in the
engineering; second, that it was an unneces-
sary improvement; and third, that it cost too
much. On the first I recollect no considerable
testimony. Oneman was called who bad walked
over the road once, and thought he discovered
a blunder. He was not an engineer ; but that
did not disqualify him for the purposes of the
memorialists. The criticism was made before
the road was completed, and be had not seen
it since ; but then he would not have been so
good a witness if he had seen the completed
road. After dilating somewhat upon the
point, and leaving an impression that some
large waste of money was the result, the bub-
ble is pricked as follows, (page 99 :)
II Question. What would be the cost of making
that curve as it must have been made according to
your idea; i mean, what would be the difference
between that cost and what you think should havo
been the cost ?
" Anmoer. 1 do not know. It would necessitate a
little change in the road. I do not suppose the cost
would have been very great.
" Question. Would it be enormous?
" Ansiaer. No more than twenty-five or thirty dol-
lars, perhaps."
And so it is throughout the record. Men
are called, who have but casually examined
work, unskilled and ignorant of what ought
to be done or is being done, prejudiced and
enemies of the government, and generally
wholly unreliable as witnesses; unreliable
from ignorance rather than a purpose to
deceive ; day after day is taken up to show
mistakes that are trivial, and the whole making
a record of seven hundred and fifty pages
that contain no more than two hundred of
any value.
As to the necessity for the improvement
there was a cloud of witnesses to show it, and
all the witnesses of the memorialists said the
road very much needed improving. The intel-
ligent testimony need not all be given. I
quote only from one witness, Mr. Francis P.
Blair, (page 740:)
"Question. Please state your opinion of the neces-
sity of the Seventh street improvement.
"Answer, Seventh street is the great avenue to the
country, which is to feed the eity. The several roads
in the country that come in toward the city mUy be
represented by the fingers on my hands, all tending
toward Seventh street as the fingers to the arm. All
the roads from the country center ia the Seventh
street road. The whole country to the north is drawn
into it. It is a high road, five hundred feet high,
and the whole resources of the country for the city
eomein through Seventh, and Fourteenth and North
Capitol streets. It is, in fact, the only outlet to the
north Irom the oity, and is an easy road to the
country west.
"Question. Your residence is about six or seven
miles out?
"Answer. Yes. sir, about six miles from theCenter
Market. The Washington county boundary-lino
runs through my gate.
"Question. You have traveled over the Seventh
