1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1611
Hoar] proceeds with his argument. Mr.
Cessna is not now in the city, and I simply
desire to inquire whether he is aware that his
case will be called up before the House for
action to-day?
Mr. HOAR. In answer to the inquiry of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kil-
linger,] I will say that this case has been
delayed for about six weeks, from time to
time, at Mr. Cessna's special request. I saw
him a fortnight ago yesterday, and he desired
that it should be delayed further a week or ten
days, to which I agreed. Last week I sent
word to him by a friend, who I have no doubt
communicated to him the announcement, that
the case would be called up to-day. I do not
understand that Mr. Cessna desires any con-
test in regard to the case whatever, but that
he simply desires to have some hearing before
the committee in regard to the question of
expenses.
Mr. Speaker, this case involves an examin-
ation upon evidence separately of the right to
vote of 681 persons. There are quite a num-
ber of interesting and important questions of
law involved. And in order to argue the case
properly before the House, even for consider-
ation of the legal questions, it would require a
statement of the evidence in regard to each of
those cases. As I do not understand that
there is to be any controversy about the case,
it is not my purpose to discuss it at all, but
simply to leave it upon the very full and elab-
orate report which the committee have sub-
mitted.
I yield to the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Arthur,] a member of the committee,
who desires to ask leave to print some remarks.
Mr. ARTHUR asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to print in the Globe
remarks upon the pending case. [The speech
will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. HOAR. I now move the previous
question on the resolution reported by the
committee.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the oper-
ation thereof, the resolution reported by the
committee was adopted.
Mr. HOAR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
central pacific railroad.
The SPEAKER. The question will now be
tested upon the point raised between the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Wheeler]
and the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Hol-
man.] The gentleman from New York desires
to enter a motion to reconsider, and the gen-
tleman from Indiana desires to move to recon-
sider and lay on the table the vote whereby
the House recommitted the bill in relation to
the Central Pacific railroad.
Mr. WHEELER. I desire simply to say
that I trust the House will grant what I have
asked, as it is questionable when the commit-
tee may be again called. If again called it
will be at a late period of the session. I
desire the action of the House on the question,
and I trust the House will conclude not to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. BANKS. Will the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wheeler] explain why he
moves a recommittal, instead of taking the
sense of the House on what he proposed as
instructions to the committee? _
Mr. WHEELER. It was simply because
there were two other amendments pending,
and I could not introduce this one without
unanimous consent.
Mr. BANKS. I think the House voted for
the recommittal of the bill, with the under-
standing that it would not be brought back by
a motion to reconsider.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There is one
thing to which I desire to call the attention
of the House. If by this means, and by means
of special orders, we block up many days ahead
during the session, it occurs to me that we
shall find considerable difficulty in getting on
with the appropriation bills.
Mr. WHEELER. I do not propose to
make this a special order.
Mr. GARETELD, of Ohio. We have already
another bill in the same position, brought back
by a motion to reconsider.
Mr. WHEELER. I do not ask to have the
bill made a special order, and I am willing to
promise that it shall not be reported back at
any time when it shall militate against the
public interest.
Mr. BANKS. It is a special order if it be
made in order at any time.
The question was on the motion of Mr.
Holman, to lay on the table the motion to
reconsider the vote recommitting the bill to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
63, noes 70.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 68, nays 80, not voting
92; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Arthur, Banks,
Beatty, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, James G. Blair, Brax-
ton, Bright, Baffin ton, Burchard, Carroll, Coburn,
Crebs, Crossland, Darrall, Davis, Donnan, Wilder
I). I'oster, Garfield, Gefz, Goliad ay, Haldeman,
Hambleton, Hancock, Handley, Hanks, John I1.
Harris, Hay, Hereford, Holman, Kerr, Killinger,
King, Lewis, McClelland, Mclntyre, McKinney,
Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyors, Morgan, Packer,
Pendleton, Potter, Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice,
John M. Rice, Robinson, Shanks, Shober, R. Milton
Speer, Stevens, Storm, Stoughton, Strong, Siyann,
Terry, Tyner, Van Trump. VVhiteley, Williams of
Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T. Wilson,
Winchester. and"Wood—68.
NAYS—Messrs. Averill, Barry, Beveridge, Bigby,
Austin Blair. George M.Brooks, Buckley, Benjamin
F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, William T. Clark,
Freeman Clarke, Coghlan, Conger, Cotton, Critcher,
Duell, Dun noil, Ely. Farnsworth, Finkelnburg, Frye,
Garrett, Halsey, Harmer, Harper, Havens, Hays,
Gerry W.Hazelton, Herndon.Hoar, Hooper, Hough-
ton, Kclley, Ketcham, Lamport, Lansing, McHenry,
McJunkin, McKee, Merriam, Moore, Morey, Leon-
ard Myers, Negley, Niblack, Orr, Packard, Palmer,
Peck, Aaron IT. Perry, Eli Perry, Peters, Piatt, Po-
land, Prindle, Rogers. Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Seeley,
Sessions, Sheldon, Shoemaker, Sloss, Worthington
0. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Thomas J. Speer, Stowell,
Sutherland, Taffe, Washington Townsend, Twiohell,
Upson, Wakeman, Waldron, Wells, Wheeler, Wil-
lard, and Williams of New York—80.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer,
Barber, Barnum, Beck, Boll, Boles, James Brooks,
Burdett. Caldwell, Campbell, Cobb, Comingo, Con-
ner, Cox, Creely, Crocker, Dawes, De Large, Dickey,
Dox, DuBose, Duke, Eames, Eldredge, Elliott, Far-
well, Forker, Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster,
Goodrich, Griffith, Hale, George E. Harris, Hawley,
John W. Hazelton, Hibbard, Hill, Kellogg, Kendall,
Kinsella, Lamison, Leach, Lowe, Lynch, Manson,
Marshall, Maynard, McCormick, McCrary, McGrew,
McNeely, Mercur, Mitchell, Monroe, Morphis,
Hosea W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker, Perce, Porter,
Price, Rainey, Ritchie, Ellis H. Roberts, William
R. Roberts, Roosevelt, Scofield, Shellabarger, Sher-
wood, Slater, Slooum, II. Boardman Smith, John
A. Smith, Sprague, Starkweather, Stevenson, St,
John, Sypher. Thomas. Dwight Townsend, Turner,
Tuthill, Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell.Walden, Wal-
lace, Walls, Warren, Whitthorne, and Young—92.
So the House refused to lay on the table
the motion to reconsider.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. LEACH said: On all matters pertain-
ing to this bill I am paired with Mr. Lami-
soif, of Ohio. I am for the bill, and he is
against it.
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
The SPEAKER. The House having re-
fused to lay on the table the motion to recon-
sider, that motion is still pending. Does the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Wheeler]
desire to have the question taken now ?
Mr. WHEELER. I do not desire to press
it now.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Whebler]
entering on the Journal the motion to recon-
sider ? It will be so entered if there be no
objection. The Chair hears none.
signal stations.
On motion of Mr. COBURN, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on Military Affairs
was discharged from the further consideration
of the letter from the Secretary of War in re-
lation to the establishment of signal stations;
and the same was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
e. g. wheelek.
On motion of Mr. PETERS, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on the Library was
discharged from the further consideration of
the memorial of E. G. Wheeler, assignee of
Messrs. Gales & Seaton, praying for relief;
and the same was referred to the Committee
on Accounts.
immigration.
Mr. CONGER. I desire to enter a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the bill (H.
R. No. 1926) to promote immigration to the
United States was yesterday recommitted to
the Committee on Commerce.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be en-
tered.
contracts with post office department.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Post-
master General, in compliance with the act of
July 17, 1862, in relation to contracts made
by him for supplying his Department with
stationery, wrapping-paper, cotton and hemp
twine, and letter-balances, for one year from
the 1st of February, 1872; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
judicial district 0e southern new york.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Attorney
General, in answer to the resolution of the
House of February 29, 1872, in relation to the
inadequacy of facilities for the trial of offenders
against the laws of the United States in the
southern district of New York; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
fort tompkins, new york.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in answer to the resolution of
March 1, 1872, in relation to Fort Tompkins,
New York harbor; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
destruction of soldiers clothing.
TheSPEAKER also, byunanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in relation to the destruction of
clothing of company B, fourteenth United
States infantry; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
surveying service.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, in relation to an ap-
propriation required for the surveying service
during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1872;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
bankrupt law.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House the memorial of
the Legislature of Wisconsin, in relation to
the repeal of the bankrupt laws which was
referred to the Committee on Revision of the
Laws of the United States, and ordered to be
printed.
commerce of the schuylkill river.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House resolutions of the
