1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2507
lands, or to lands conveyed under town-site lands,
or to lots granted for rights of way to railroad or
other road companies, or to lands that may be de-
voted to commercial purposes, or on which cities,
towns, or manufacturing establishments may be
erected, and no forfeiture shall accrue for lands so
dedicated.
Mr. SARGENT. T suppose that under the
rules of the House the amendment I have
offered will be considered as pending. I wish
to make a few observations upon the character
of this bill and in support of my amendment,
i realize fully the learning which the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Haldeman] has
brought to bear upon this subject, and the ad-
mirable character of the purpose which he has
in view. If anything can be said in favor of the
preservation of forest timber with effect upon
this floor, it certainly ought to be said; and
the gentleman has well fulfilled that part of
his duty. But when it comes down to the
practical application of the rules which he
proposes theie are objections that must meet
us at eveiy turn.
Take the first exception which I propose in
my amendment in reference to placer mining.
The only way in whieli placer mining can be
carried on successfully is by first, clearing the
timber from the ground ; and a law which pro-
vides that ten or fifteen or twenty-five per cent,
of the timber 011 lands sold or granted for
mining purposes shall ba left standing would
s'mply prevent that, much of the mine being
worked ; and as the land is useful only for
mining purposes, is sold for mining purposes,
Hie purpose of the purchaser would be de-
feated, unless the exception which I have sug-
gested shall be allowed.
Secondly, the town site-laws of the United
States provide that towns with a certain
number of inhabitants shall be entitled to a
number of acres of the public lands, gener-
ally about a mile square, sometimes accord-
ing to the size of the village, running as high
as two or-three square miles. Now, if it is
provided that upon all the town sites ten or
any other considerable per cent, of the forest
trees shall be allowed to grow, you will ex-
clude domestic trees, and also exclude habita-
tions to that extent, and defeat the object of
town-site laws.
Furthermore, suppose that under this bill
lands are granted for mere preemption pur-
poses, for homesteads or for cultivation under
the ordinaiy preemption laws. A man has a
farm near a river, or at some point where some
great railroad may afterward pass, or in the
growth of business his farm becomes available
lor the building of a city. In this bill there is
a provision that unless a large percentage of
that land is allowed to remain wild with forest
timber upon it, it shall revert to the Govern-
ment of the United States. That provision
itself would work a forfeiture of the land and
prevent a city growing upon that place. In
other words, if this bill shall become a law,
no more great cities or towns can grow up 011
the public lands as they now exist; or if, in spite
of the law, they shall grow up, then shysters
and informers would be ready to prey upon
the owners of the land, or defect their title by
causing valuable improved property, worth rail-"
lions perhaps, to revert to the United States.
Now, to say that timber must be preserved at
all hazards and disadvantages like these is
absurd. And in this respect the bill is crude.
Again, our public lands all over the new
States which are now being sold under the
preemption laws or granted for homsteads will
by and by, in the progress of population and
business, become useful for manufacturing
purposes ; great manufacturing establishments
will grow up upon them, inconsistent with
their remaining in a wild state or being dedi-
cated to the cultivation of timber. Under
this bill the land on which such manufactur-
ing establishments might stand would revert
to the Government of the United States; and
the persons investing their means in building
up such establishments would lose their invest-
ments, or rather would be deterred from enter-
ing into business of this kind on lands here-
after sold by the Government.
Another excepiion which I propose is in
regard to lands granted as right of way for
railroad companies, canal companies, &c.
Why, sir, a strip of laud one hundred feet
wide or one hundred feet on each side of the
railroad track, including the track, has been
granted this session to certain companies pro-
jecting railroads in regions now thinly settled.
The provisions of this bill would require, as a
supplemental condition to every one of those
grants, that ten per cent, of the land s so
granted for right of way must be kept in forest
timber. Now, in what part of such a strip
would this timber be kept? Is it to be kept
between the rails, or how near the track ? There
is no regulation upon that point. It is utterly
inconsistent with the idea of a right of way to
require that land granted for such a purpose
shall be incumbered with forest trees.
But, sir, I have an objection which goes to
the essence of this bill in its present shape,
which is not obviated by these exceptions
which I have suggested. I object to inaugu-
rating a policy the effect of which would be to
cause spies and informers to endeavor here-
after to procure a reversion to the United
States of lands which the Government may
sell, and the money for which it shall have in
us Treasury, which will induce people of this
class to look into the title of citizens to the
possessions they may have improved for the
highest business purposes—purposes, however,
not consistent with this act. if any law can
be passed which will preserve the timber upon
the public domain before it passes into private
hands, which shall create an interest m the
preservation of this limber, I shall not object,
provided the bill be reasonable in its charac-
ter and humane in its provisions. But to
say that after these lands shall have passed
into the hands of private individuals in lim-
ited quantities, under your preemption and
homestead laws, the arm of the Government
shall follow each individual grant and prevent
its improvement, prevent the clearing of for
ests, or the erection of manufacturing establish-
ments, or the building of towns and cities—the
development of all the diversified industries 111
which the American people engage, except
that of taking care of forest trees—1 say that
such legislation is crude and absurd, and ought
not to receive t.he assent of the House. By
the machinery of this bill spies and informers
will be enticed to involve every man who may
hereafter buy a piece of land for any purpose
whatever in litigation to see whether the land
shall not revert to the Government of the
United States, to be rebought by the spy or
informer, or his confederates. What would
the Government do with the town site that
had grown up 011 a man's farm in the growth
of trade? Why should the Government want
such property to revert to it? The act in this
respect is cruel and ill-advised.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not wish to take up
further time in the discussion of this bill. I
suggest to the gentleman having it in charge
that the bill had better be recommitted in order
that it may be improved in the particulars
which I have mentioned, that proper excep-
tions may be made to its provisions, and that
it may be ascertained whether the measure is
not inconsistent with the growth of business
in those States in which lands of the United
States are still open for settlement. If such a
bill as this had been the law when Pennsyl-
vania was originally settled, or for fifty years
thereafter, the city of Philadelphia would have
been an impossibility ; Harrisburg would never
have existed; New York could not havegrown
up. A large percentage of the lauds now
covered by those cities and other great com-
mercial cities of the country would, under
such legislation as this, have reverted to the
Government of the United States, to be sold
again on account of the failure to fulfill the
condition relative to maintaining forest trees.
Now, are there to be 110 Philadelphias, no
Cincinnatis ; are there to be no Chicagos or
St. Louises in the great West? Why, cities
are growing up there continually with the
movements of population. This generation
has seen cities started which will rival, before
the generation ends, many of the older and
larger cities of the Bast. With this bill in
operation an attempt by legislation is made to
arrest the irresistible laws of business, as irre-
sistible as those of nature. Your bill must be
a nullity, or you will involve every citizen who
enters upon the public lands in conflict with
the law, and render him subject to the liability
of loss of his properly, except that which he
uses for the purpose of cultivating or pre-
serving forest trees.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I regret to interrupt
the gentleman, but the hour is rapidly passing,
and I am unable to yield to him any more
time.
Mr. SARGENT. Do I hold the floor, Mr.
Speaker, in my own right, or did the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania yield to me?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood
the gentleman from Pennsylvania had con-
cluded his remarks.
Mr. HALDEilAN. No, sir; on the con-
trary, I abbreviated my remarks for the pur-
pose of yielding a portion of the hour to dif-
ferent gentlemen who desire to speak on the
pending bill. I should be glad to yield all the
time to the gentleman, but he must see that it
is impossible.
Mr. SAKGENT. I have said all I wish to
say. I do not wish to be at all discourteous to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. I should
like, however, to inquire of t-he Chair if the
amendment I offered is pending?
The SPE AKEli. The Chair so understands.
Mr. SARGENT. I should like to submit a
motion, if it be consistent with the present
condition of the bill, to recommit.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I cannot permit that
motion to be made. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Potter.]
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, the late Chan-
cellor Livingston, a very distinguished citizen
of the State of New York, happened to be the
minister of this Government at France in the
early part of this century, and while there initi-
ated two movements not second in importance
to any which have transpired in the history of
this Government.
To Robert Fulton, a citizen of Pennsylvania,
then in Paris, he suggested the practicability
of applying steam to the propulsionot vessels.
He explained to Fulton the experiments he
had theretofore made to that end, and urged
upon him to devote the time and attention to
this work that lie (Livingston) was no longer
able to give to it, in the hope that Fulton's
labors would result in perfecting an invention
which would lead to an entire revolution of
the means of communication and transporta-
tion, especially on the Mississippi and other
great rivers of the country. Thereupon Robert
R. Livingston and Robert, Fulton entered into
a partnership to experiment upon the appli-
cation of steam to the propulsion of vessels,
which was followed first by an experimental
boat upon the Seine, and some years afterward
by the successful establishment of steamboat
navigation on the Hudson river in 1807.
The other great service which Chancellor
Livingstou rendered to the United States was
in effecting the purchase of Louisiana, a pur-
chase made at the instance of Mr. Jefferson
for the principal purpose of getting, as mem-
bers of the House recollect , the control of the
mouth of the Mississippi river, but which
brought with it not only the control of that
river and its affluents, but the acquisition of
tha.1 enormous territory vvhich^ extends from
the Mississippi away to the Pacific ocean.
