1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3403
and the Committee of the Whole will resume
its session.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union then resumed its session, (Mr.
Wheeler in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
is upon the amendment moved by the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Cox] to the amend-
ment moved by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] -
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous• consent
to withdraw my amendment as amended.
Mr. COX. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. The tellers will resume
their places.
Mr. COX. As we will have a chance to
debate this subject upon a subsequent section
of this bill, I will withdraw my amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I again ask leave to with-
draw my amendment.
No objection was made, and the amendment
was accordingly withdrawn.
Mr. KERR. I now offer the amendment I
indicated a few minutes since, to insert after
line twenty what I send to the Clerk's desk.
The amendment was read as follows:
On all copper imported in the form of ores, two
centa on each pound of fine copper contained therein;
on llh regulus of coppor, and oil all block or coarse
copper, two and one half cents on each pound of fine
oopper contained therein; on all old coppor. lit only
for reinanufacture, two and one half cents per
pound; on all copper in plates, bars, ingots, pigs,
and in other forms not manufactured or herein
enumerated, including sulphate of copper or blue
vitriol, two and one half cents per pound; on cop-
per in rolled plates, called braziers' coppor, sheets,
rods, pipes, and coppcr bottoms, and all manufac-
tures of copper, or of which copper shall be a. com-
ponent of chief value not otherwise herein provided
for, thirty per cent, ad valorem.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment; and upon a division, there were—-ayes
50, noes 03 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Bingham
and Mr. Kerr were appointed.
Mr. CONGER. I raise the point of order
that the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerb] is not germane to the
pending section.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
too late; the amendment has been entertained,
and the committee are now dividing.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 01, n£>es 71.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The committee rose informally, and Mr.
Twichjsll took the Chair as Speaker pro tem-
pore.
message from the president.
A message in writing from the_President of
the United States was communicated to the
House by Mr. Pokier, his Private Secretary ;
who also announced that the President had
approved and signed a bill of the following
title ;
An act (H. E. No. 1060) to establish cer-
tain post roads.
tariff and tax bill.
The Committee of the Whole resumed its
session.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to move a new
section, to come in after the pending^ section,
to correct a misconstruction at the Treasury
Department. The whole Committee on Ap-
propriations are agreed to the amendment.
Mr. BURCIiARD. I desire to move an
amendment to the pending section.
Mr. DAWES. Very well then ; I will with-
hold my amendment for the present.
Mr. BURCHARD. _ I move to amend the
paragraph relating to iron by adding to it the
following:
On all steel and on all manufactures of steel of
which steel is the component part of chief value.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 38, noes 72 ; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Burchard
and Mr. Randall wore appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes G7, noes 66.
So the amendment was agreed to. ,
Mr. HOAR. I move to amend by add-
ing to the amendment just adopted the fol-
lowing :
Provided, That thero shall in no oase bo collected
a less rate of duty ad valorem on cotton maohinery
than is provided for steel.
Mr.- BROOKS. I move to amend the
amendment by adding, "and on cotton six per
cent, ad valorem."
The CHAIRMAN. Theamendment is not
germaue, and therefore is not in order.
The question was then taken upon the
amendment moved by Mr. Hoar; and upon a
division there were—ayes 32, noes 40; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Buckley and
Mr. Hoar were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 63, noes 70.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. KERR. I move to amend by inserting,
after line twenty, what I send to the Clerk's
desk.
The Clerk read the proposed amendment as
follows:
Provided, Tliaton all coppor imported in thofonn
of ores, two and ono half cents on each pound of
lino copper contained therein; on all regulus of
copper, and on all block or coarse copper, three
cents on each pound of iino coppor contained there-
in; on all old copper, fit only for remanufucture, threo
and one half ecnts per pound; on all coppor in
plates, bars, ingots, pigs, and m other forms not
manufactured or horein enumerated, including sul-
phate of copper or blucvitriol.four cents per pound ;
on coppcr in rolled plates, called braziers' copper,
sheets, rods, pipes, and coppcr bottoms, and all
manufactures ot copper, or of which copper shall ho
a component of chief value, not otherwise horein
provided for, forty per cent, ad valorefo.
Mr. KERR. That amendment is in accord-
ance with the bill of the committee.
Mr. KELLOGG. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting " five " after "forty,"
so as to make the rate of duty forty-fivo per
cent, ad valorem.
Mr. K KliR. Forty-five per cent, is the
rale of duty under existing law.
Mr. DAWES. 1 suggest to the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] to withhold his
amendment for the present, and offer it to the
third section rather than in connection with
the percentage provision.
Mr. BKATTY. I object to debate.
Mr. KERR. If it is understood that this
amendment belongs to the third section of the
bill, and may properly come in under that sec-
tion, I withdraw it.
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment being
withdrawn, the amendment to the amendment
falls with it.
Mr. IIOAR. I move to amend by inserting
after the amendment just adopted the follow-
ing:
Provided, That no manufacture of iron or stool
pay a less rate of duty than the materials composing
the same.
Mr. BEATTY. Is it in order, Mr, Chair-
man, to move that the committee rise?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. BEATTY. I make that motion.
The question being taken on agreeing to the
motion of Mr. Beatty, there were—ayes 18,
noes 80 ; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN. Is a further count in-
sisted upon?
Mr. BEATTY. Yes, sir.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Beatty and
Mr. Dawes we appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ay 1, noes 100.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee refuses
to rise.
Mr. BEATTY. Mr. Chairman, did a quo-
rum vote?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that
it is not necessary a quorum should vote on
this question unless the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Beatty] desires to show that a quorum
of the House is not present.
Mr. BEATTY. 1 do.
The CHAIRMAN. Then that can be shown
on the next vote. The pending questiou is
upon the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar.]
Mr. PERCE. As an amendment to the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, I move to substitute the following:
Provided, That the duty upon cotton machinery
shall not be loss tliau tho duty imposed on the
material of which such machinery is constructed.
Mr. HOAR. I accept that amendment as
a modification of my own.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
froiji Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] withdraw
his amendment?
Mr. HOAR. I do not withdraw my amend-
ment, but accept the amendment of. the gen
tlemau from Mississippi, [Mr. Perce,] whicl
is offered as a substitute for mine.
Tho question being taken on the amendmem
of Mr. Hoar, as modified by the substitution
of the amendment of Mr. Perce, it was agreed
to; there being—ayes 8*1, noes 45.
Mr. KELLOGG. I move to amend by in-
serting the following:
Provided, That no reduction upon manufactures
of such motals shall bo made upon which tho duties
do not exceed forty per cent. «<J valorem under ex-
isting laws,
Mr. BROOKS. I desire to Bubmit an
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. KELLOGG. The proposition I have
offered is precisely the same as that reported
by the majority of the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out "forty" and in-
serting " sixty."
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend by insert-
ing after line twenty the following : " except-
ing watches, jewelry, and other articles of
ornament." This will save these articles from
reduction.
The iimendment was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend by
inserting the following i
And all wire rope and wire strand made of iron
wire, oithor bright, coppered, galvanized, or coated
with other metals, shall pay tho name rate of duty
that is now levied on tho won wire oi which said
rope or .strand is made ; and all wiro rope and wire
strand made of steel wire, cither bright, coppered,
galvanized, or coated with other metals, shall pay
the same rate of duty that is now jo vied on tho steel
wire of which said rope or strand is made.
Mr. KELLOGG. I move to amend by in-
serting after tho word l4Ktrand," wherever it
occui'H, the words "and chain,"
Mr. SARGENT. I have no objection to
that amendment. I accept it, and modify my
amendment accordingly.
The question being taken on Mr. sargent's
amendment, as modified, there were— ayesf>5,
noes Ofi; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Cox and Mr.
Banks were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—aye.s 73, noes 51.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUHCIIAUI). 1 move to amend by
inseiting before the amendment just adopted
tbe following:
On iron wire, bright, coppcred, or tinned, drawn
and finished, not more than one fourth of an inch in
diameter, not less than No. 10 wire gauge, one and
three fourth centsper pound: over No. 16 and not
over No. 25 wire jruu^o, $8 30 per ono hundred
pounds; over No. 25 wire guagc, foar dollars per
one hundred pounds : Provided, That wiro covered
with cotton, silk, or other material,shall pay five
cents per pound in addition totheioregomg rates.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, 1 raise the
point of order that it belongs to the third sec-
tion of the bill and is not germane to the
pending section.
Mr. COX. I was about to propose an amend-
