1612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
select and common councils of the city of
Philadelphia, in relation to a bill to regulate
the commerce of the Schuylkill river; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RANDALL. I askunanimous consent
that those resolutions may be' printed in the
Globe.
There was no objection.
The resolutions are as follows:
Resolution of request to the honorable the Senate
and House of Representatives of the United States
■ of America.
"Whereas a bill is now pending before the Senate
and House of .Representatives of the United States
of America entitled " A bill to regulate the com-
merce of the Schuylkill river," (file of the House of
Representatives, No. 1542,) the effect of which, if
passed, will be to interfere very materially with the
convenience of the citizens of Philadelphia in the
use and enjoyment of the Penrose ferry bridge and
Gray's ferry bridge across the river Schuylkill, and
to subject this city to enormous expense; and
whereas the said Gray's ferry bridge has been built
since the ye?,r 1838, and th9 Penrose ferry bridge
was built A. D. 1858, with special reference to the
convenient navigation of said Schuylkill river, with
a draw of the width of over eighty feet in the clear
between the piers at low water, and in exact accord-
ance with tne expressed wishes of the Schuylkill
Navigation Company to that effect; and whoreas
the said Penrose ferry bridge was well and suffi-
ciently repaired with pickets, fenders, and ail other
appliances for the convenience and safety of vessels
navigating said Schuylkill river in the year 1871, at a
cost of over forty thousand dollars to the city of Phil-
adelphia, and under the superintendence of the
chief engineer thereof, and the same is now in com-
plete repair; and whereas the free and convenient
navigation of said river has never been impeded by
tho said bridges, and the commerce of tho river
Schuylkill does not require the removal or rebuild-
ing of said bridges or either of them, as contemplated
by the provisions of said bill: Therefore,
Jiesolved by the Select and Common Councils of the
ciiy of Philadelphia, That tho honorable the Senate
and House of Representatives of the United States
of America be, and the same is hereby, respect-
fully requested not to pass said proposed act of Con-
gress, as, in tho opinion of councils, tho wants of
the community and the commerce of the port of
Philadelphia and of tho river Schuylkill (as em-
braced therein) do not require the passage thereof,
and tho convenience of tho community at largo will
be greatly prejudiced thereby.
Jiesolved, Tnat the clerks of councils be directod
to transmit a copy of tho foregoing preamble and
resolution to tho Speakers of tho Senato and llouso
of Representatives.
election contest lvuitmork vs. hekndon.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
additional papers in the contested-election case
of Whitmore vs. Ilerndon, from the first con-
gressional district in the State of Texas; which
was referred to the Committee of Elections.
LEAVE OJ ABSENCE.
Mr. FARWELL was granted leave of ab-
sence for two weeks.
Mr. WALLACE was granted leave of ab-
sence for fifteen days.
Mr. VAUGHAN was granted leave of ab-
sence for twelve days, on account of sickness
in his family.
Mr. SHERWOOD was granted leave of ab-
sence for five days.
post office appropriation bill.
Mr. PALMER. I now move that the rules
be suspended and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. 11. No. 1070) making appro-
priations for the service of the Post Office
Department for the year ending June 30,1873.
The Clerk read as follows :
For wrapping paper, $30,000.
Mr. L. MYERS. I move to amend this bill
by inserting after the clause just read, " For
uniforms of the letter-carriers, $106,425."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a point of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. Tho gentleman will
state it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My point of order
is that there is no law authorizing this amend-
ment.
Mr. L. MYERS. Yes there is, and I have
the law.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There is a law au-
thorizing these uniforms, but there is no law
authorizing an appropriation to pay for them.
Mr. L. MYERS. Then this is the proper
place for it. The act of July 27, 1868, pro-
vides as follows:
" The Postmaster General is hereby authorized to
prescribe a uniform dress to be worn by tho letter-
carriers in the several free-delivery offices."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
point of order is not well taken.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The law does not
provide that the Government shall pay for
these uniforms.
Mr. L. MYERS. I shall trespass but ashort
time on the attention of this Committee of the
Whole. On Friday of last week, when the
House was hardly half full, the proposition to
increase the pay of letter-carriers was voted
down. I am willing to abide by that judgment
if no fairer attempt can be had to obtain the
true expression of the will of the House upon
that subject. The proposition I now make,
however, I think gives a fair chance to do a.t
least some justice to these hard laboring men.
The objection made on Friday last to the
proposition to increase the pay of these letter-
carriers was that the law authorized the pay-
ment of only a certain amount to those men.
But the amount is not fixed; some of them
are to have $600 a year, some $800, and some
$1,000 a year, the maximum being $1,000.
Very well; for the present let us accept that.
Now, are not gentlemen willing to increase the
compensation of these letter-carriers? After
the law fixed this maximum for the compen-
sation of letter-carriers, the lq,w I have read
was passed authorizing the Postmaster Gen-
eneral to prescribe a uniform ; he might do it,
or he might not do it. The Postmaster Gen-
eral did prescribe a uniform to be worn by the
letter-carriers, and on October 31, 1868, the
first order was issued for their winter uniform ;
and on April 23, 1869, a second order was
issued for the summer uniform, caps, cape,
buttons, and a certain style of dress, none of
it to be obtained by the carriers. Their wives
could not make up these uniforms ; they are
to be furnished by the Government, but the
expense for the same is to be deducted from
their pay. The amount to be deducted from
the pay of each carrier for this uniform has
been fixed at seventy-five dollars a year.
Now, the gentlemen who the other day said
they wanted to conform to the law and to give
these letter-carriers what the law said they
should have, if they vote to take this amount
off their pay will vote against the law as they
state it to be. Now, the appropriation pro-
posed by my amendment comes nominally out
of the Treasury, to the amount of $106,425,
being seventy-five dollars for each of fourteen
hundred and nineteen carriers. And really,
if my amendment shall not pass, all the Post-
masters General having neglected to send in
an estimate for the amount since this law was
passed, the injustice to these carriers will be
continued as heretofore. That is not known
generally to the public, not known generally
to the members of this House.
I invite upon this point the attention of mem-
bers from the rural districts, where there are
no letter-carriers. If gentlemen want to eom-
ply with the law in letter and spirit, and allow
to these carriers what the law contemplated
should be given to them, I ask them not to
vote any longer to allow the Postmaster Gen-
eral, who, I suppose, imagines he is doing
right in the matter, to deduct seventy-five dol-
lars from the pay of every one of these carriers
for this uniform. They are forced to wear
this uniform; they are obliged to get it in
accordance with the direction of the various
postmasters; and the expense of it is deducted
from their 'pay. I think this fact is not gen-
erally understood by the country, or by the
House, and especially members who represent
districts where this free-delivery system is not
in operation. If the Postmaster General
would send in his estimate for the full amount
of the salaries of these carriers, and if the full
amount required should be appropriated, no
provision such as I propose would be neces-
sary.
Certainly this proposition is a fair one.
Certainly its adoption is a meed of justice
which will be acceptable to these men, who
ought in fact to have more. If gentlemen
have listened to my statement I think the vote
will disclose that a majority of the House are
in favor of doing this act of justice.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I ask my
colleague whether this uniform which the
Postmaster General directs to be worn by
these carriers is more expensive than the
ordinary clothing which the carriers would
otherwise have to wear?
Mr. L. MYERS. The uniform which the
Postmaster General directs to be worn is in
excess of the ordinary clothing of these men.
They cannot visit—they cannot spend their
evenings (the little that is left of them) with
their friends—in these gray uniforms with their
brass buttons.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is it not expected
that the letter-carriers should at any rate wear
clothes when they are on duty? [Laughter.]
Mr. L. MYERS. I do not know how it
may be in the gentleman's district; he knows
that better than I do.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I wish to inquire of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. L.
Myebs] whether he does not think it rather
expensive for the Postmaster General to order
suits of clothes with brass buttons, &c., which
are unfit to be worn in the evenings?
Mr. L. MYERS. I suppose that when the
gentleman himself goes out he does not desire
to be graced with brass buttons.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I did not know the gen-
tleman was opposed to brass buttons.
Mr. MOORE. Mr. Chairman, I believe it
is understood by every one that the salaries
of these letter-carriers range from $600 to
$1,000 per annum.
Mr. DICKEY. Seven hundred to one thou-
sand dollars.
Mr. MOORE. From $700 to $1,000 per
annum. Now I submit to the honorable gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania that the majority
of mechanics in his district who work hard,
men who support as large families, and who
have 'equal qualifications and intelligence with
these letter-carriers, do not earn larger sal-
aries than these carriers receive.
Now, in this country, as everywhere else,
we pay, as a matter of course, for talent. But
all that is necessary in order that these men
may perform their duties is that they shall be
able to read the inscriptions upon the letters,
and to find their way to the places where they
are to be delivered. I feel perfectly confident
that the salaries now paid them will secure to
the Government of the United States all the
service that it requires in this direction; and it
does seem to me that the Government has the
right to follow the same policy that people do
in private business—to pay simply such sal-
aries as will secure the proper performance
of the service required. Now, I know that
in my section of the country it requires a
very industrious, hard-working mechanic to
earn $1,000 per annum.
Mr. L. MYERS. These letter-carriers do
not get that.
Mr. MOORE. I have further to say that
if these young men who carry letters regard
the service as hard, it is the easiest thing in
the world for them to step out. There are
hundreds and thousands of others who are
equally intelligent, and not earning this money,
who would be glad to have these places.
