3404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
ment in connection with the amendment
already adopted.
Mr. DAWES. I make the point of order
that tbis is not germane to the pending section.
Mr. BURCHAIiD, It is germane to the
matter which has just been considered.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order.
The question recurred on Mr. Burchard's
amendment.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. COX. I propose to add the following
to the amendment just adopted :
Provided, All wire ropo used in miniiiR, or in the
rigging of snips, shi^l be exempt from all duty.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 45, noes GO; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from New York ask for a further count?
Mr. COX. No, sir.
Mr. BKATTY. 1 do; there is no quorum
voting.
The CHAIRMAN appointed Mr. Cox and
Mr. Starkweather as tellers.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 50, noes 75.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAWES. I hope I may be permitted
to offer an additional section.
The Cleik read as follows:
That the provisions of section six of the act ap-
proved March 3. 1803. entitled "An net amendatory
of certain acts imposing duties on foreign importa-
tions," shall not beheld to apply tothearticlesmen-
tioned in tno act approved March 2; 1867, entitled
" An act to provide revenue from imported wool,
and for other purposes."
Mr. DAWKS. Mr. Chairman, by a recent,
construction of the Treasury Department 
Mr. BEATTY. 1 object, to debate.
Mr. DAWES. 1 do not care if you do.
Has debate been closed on this subject ?
The CHAIRMAN. Debate has not been
closed on tbis section.
Mr. DAW lis. This has been agreed to by
all I lie members.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BKATTY. Have we passed from the
second section of this bill'/" I claim we have
not.
The CHAIRMAN. We have not passed
from the second section of this bill, as there are
two substitutes pending.
Mr. BEATTY. 1 move the following amend-
ment.
I'lle Clerk read as follows :
Provided, That on all wools of the first class, de-
fined by law and known as cl"thine: wools, there
shall be levied, collected, and paid ninety-lour and
a half percent, ot tho duty now imposed by law.
Mr. BECK. 1 move to strike out four and
one half, so as to make it ninety.
Mr. DAWES. That leaves it as it is in the
bill.
Mr. BECK. Certainly.
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes 120, noes 3.
Mr. BEATTY demanded tellers.
Tellers weie not ordered.
Mr. BEATTY. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes 15, noes 115.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the committee will
not rise until we pass beyond this section.
Let the committee make it as it chooses, but.
let us go through with it, and see whether one
man can obstruct the business of the country.
Mr. BEATTY. 1 object to debate.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now re-
curs on the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Beatty,J as amended.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BEATTY. I move the fullowingameud-
ment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That on all wools of the third class,
defined by law and known as carpet wools, there
shall bo levied, collected, and paid a duty twenty-
five per cent, higher than that now imposed by law.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 2, noes 122.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BEATTY. I move the following amend-
ment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That cm a!! wools of tho first class,
defined by law and known as clothiosf wools* there
shall bo levied, collected, and paid ninety-eight, and
ono half per cent, of the duty now imposed by law.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 2, noes 132.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BEATTY. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr, DAWES. I hope the committee will
not rise under such an operation as this.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 15, noes 136.
So the motion that the committee rise was
disagreed to.
Mr. BEATTY. I offer the following
amendment:
Aftor lino fourteen, section two, insert tho fol-
lowing:
Provided, That on all wools of tho first class, de-
fined bylaw and known asclothing wools, thereshull
1 levied, collected, and paid ninety-four and ono
fourth per cent, ot tho duty now imposed by law.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 1, noes 126.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. 1 offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in after the
amendment, adopted on the motion of my col-
league, [Mr. Kkllogg:]
Proi idat, That all wire and wire ropo used in tho
rigging ot veht>els, in mining, and in fencing shall be
trey ot duty.
Mr. DICKEY. That has already been voted
upon.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Not in this form.
The question being taken, there were—ayes
53, noes 84.
Mr. STARKWEATHER demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered, and the amend-
ment was disagreed to.
Mr. BEATTY. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 14, noes 140.
So the motion that the committee rise was
disagreed to.
Mr. BOOK LEY. I offer the following
amendment, to come in aftei the last one that
was adopted :
On .-ill band, hoop, and scroll iron, thinner than
No. 20. wire gauge, one cent and ono quaitcr com
pel pound.
Mr. DAWES. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Alabama [Mr. Bi'CKUjrJ that
ho should keep that amendment until the third
section is reached. It will be mote germane
to that section.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I thought it would be an
advantage to get it in here. But at the sug-
gestion of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BEATTY. L object to the withdrawal
of the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has no
right, to object.
Mr. BKATTY. I offer the following amend-
ment :
J*tovid"d, That on all wools of the first class, de-
fined by law and known as clothing wool.-., there
shall be levied, collected, and p, id ninety-six per
cent, ol the duty now imposed by law.
Mr. COX. X move to amend the amend-
ment by sniking out "ninety-six" and in-
serting in lieu thereof " seventy five." I offer
-tha*. amendment in good iaith. I want
cheaper wool.
The question being put on Mr. Cox's amend-
ment to the amendment, the committee divided ; ;
and there were—ayes 33, noes 102.
So the amendment to the amendment was
disagreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs on
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr, BeaT'JT.]
Mr. HOAR. 1 rise to a question of order.
On the seventy-third line, page 9, I find that
the article " spunk " is expressly provided for.
I submit' that all the amendments of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Bkattv] would come
in as germane to that portion of the bill.
[Laughter.]
The question being put on Mr. Bkatty's
amendment, the committee divided j and there
were—ayes 2, noes 128.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. CONGER. I move that the commit-
tee proceed to the consideration of the next
section of the bill.
Mr. DAWES. I call for a vote on the sub-
stitute.
Mr, BEATTY. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is first on
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bkatty,j that the committee rise.
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes I), noes 130.
So the motiou that the committee rise was
disagreed to.
Mr. BEATTY. I demand tellers.
The CUAiUMAN. Tho gentleman's re-
quest comes too late, the Chair having an-
nounced as the result of the vote that the
commitiee refuses to rise.
Mr. CONGER. 1 now insist on my motion
that the committee pass to the consideration
of the next section.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not in
order.
Mr. CONGER. Does the Chair rule that
we cannot pass over this section and proceed
to the consideration of the next?
The CHAIRMAN". The Chair mips that
that cannot be done except by unanimous
consent. The question now is upon the sub-
stitute offered by the gentieimm from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawks] for the substitute
offered by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Beck.]
The Clerk read Mr. Dawes's substitute, as
follows :
Skc. —. That on and alter tho 1st day of July
next, in lieu of tho duties imposed by law on the
articles in this section enumerated, fhero shall bo
levied, collected, and pan/ on the goods, ware.*, and
mcichandiso in thus Mention enumi'tated and pro-
vided lor, imported from foreign countries ninety
percent, ot tboseveraldutiosand rates ofduly now
imposed by law upon tniid ax tides severally, it being
the intent of thi- teclion to reduce exiMinj? duties
on said articles ten per cent, ofsuch duties; that is
to say:
On Jill manufactures of cotton of which cotton is
the component par t ot chief v:i luo.
Ou ail wools, Intir of the alpaca fcoat, and other
like <i uimaK and in all inanulactuiex wholly oi in
part of wool oi hair of the alpaca and other like ani-
m, Ls.
On all iron, and all manufactures of iron of which
Mich metal ih tho component pai t ot chief value, ex-
cepting cotton machinery.
On ail metals not herein otherwise provided for,
and .ill manufactures of metals oj which cither ot
them i.s rheoomtionentparr of chief value.
On all munufaclurcbot India-rubber, KUtt.i percha,
or straw, and on oil-cloths of all descriotion.- : /'/<>-
vi'ird. That the rate of duty upon umbidl.is. paia-
sols. and sunshades shall in no case bt\ lef*s than in
imposed upon goods of the same material and qual-
ity an tho covei irigs thereof.
On all sized paper.
On lumber and manufactures of lumber.
ShC. ~. That the provij-ioric of Miction six of tho
act approved March lSfto, entitled " An net :imend -
atory of certain uct> impoMUK duties upon toici^n
importations," were not intended and shall not be
held to apply to the nrtiel mentioned in the act
approved March 2. 1S07. entitled " An act to provide
revenue horn unpolled wool, and tor other pur-
poses."
Mr. DAWES. 1 will modify that substitute,
in obedience to the vote of the House, by
striking out the words ''excepting cotton
machinery. '*
Mr. 13UKCIIARD. Is that in order if
objected to?
The CHAIRMAN". It is, as no action has
been takp  on it.
Mr. BURCHARD. I hope, then, he will
