THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
There are men in this House who were alive
• when this purchase was made, and yet to-day
we are told that already the vastexpanse of wil-
derness then acquired has become so much set-
tled—and mainly through the invention which
Chancellor Livingston himself suggested, or
inventions growing out of his suggestion, for
it is true, as was said in this Hall at the Morse
memorial services last night, that the locomo-
tive is a steamboat on land—that we have gen-
tlemen rising in this House and insisting that
over all this enormous waste, extending to the
Pacific ocean, no part of it can be safely put
into timber without interfering with its occupa-
tion for cities and railways and public build-
ings.
Doubtless the gentleman from California
[Mr. Sargent] is so far right that if this bill
is going to cut off the growth of new Phila-
delphia^, of new St. Louises, or new San Fran-
ciscos, upon the immense unoccupied territory
Still owned by the United States, it should be
amended in some way ; and 1 understand it is
the intention of the committee, to accede to
any amendment in that direction which maybe
found necessary. But the danger the gentle-
man from Californiaapprehends is 110 sufficient
reason, it seems to me, why, on that account,
the bill should be recommitted.
The apprehension of these gentlemen of the
Pacific slope, as to the growth of the country,
and theii' belief that the wholeofit is about to
be at once occupied by great towns, seems to
us less favored citizens of the East sometimes
a little extravagant. I remember hearing of a
distinguished officer of the Government, who
went overland to Ran Francisco when the
Pacific railroad was first opened, and some-
where on the alkaline desert, when the train
stopped to take in wood and water, stepped
out at the station to look about him. Turn-
ing to a by-stander he asked, " What place is
this?" The man gave its name in reply, in
an injured tone, as if everybody ought to
know what place that was. I do not, remem-
ber distinctly the name of the place, but luka,
perhaps. The statesman asked, " Who lives
here?" " Who lives here?" rejoined the citi-
zen. " Sir, this is a place of great advan-
tages." " What," asked the statesman, "are
these advantages?" "l)o you see," answered
the citizen, " these hills ? They are full of
copper and silver and gold. Do you see this
soil? It is one of 1 he most, productive soils on
the faeeof the earth." The statesman looked
across the gieal, waste, which stretched before
him like a desert, of cigar ashes, and said,
" This productive soil of yours does not seem
to produce anything." "Tine," was the
answer, " it does not produce anything now,
but that is because it, is not irrigated. All that
this soil requires to make it one, of the richest
soils on the face of the earth is to be iriigated."
" But how do you expect to irrigate it?"
"Irrigate it I Why, we expect to have water
brought in hereto irrigate with." " Where
do you expect to get the water from?" Our
citizen answered, " From about seventy miles
from here. When we get, water here this is
going to become a great place. All it, wants
now is water and people. 1 tell you, sir, the
only thing m the world this place wants to
make it, one of the finest places on the face of
the earth is water ; water and good society."
The statesman waited a moment and an-
swered, "Water and good society I As I
undeistand it, that is about all they need in
hell " [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia [Mr. Saugent] is bkc that luka res-
ident. He expects every loot of this whole
country will he imrneuiat i-dy required for cnies.
He sees wa'er and good society introduced
into every part of the bind, and he is alraid
that the timber which the gentlem;-n from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Hai.demaxJ wishes to cre-
ate or preserve on it will prevent the growth
of tho-se cities which he considers the most
valuable growth to which the earth can be
put. But this is a very large country. It
cannot be all city. There must be districts
given up to agriculture, and some, too, given
up to forests, no matter how dense the popula-
tion may become. And if at any time it shall
be found that the particular portion reserved
for timber under this act is needed for the
erecfiou of a town, there will be no difficulty
in yielding it to that inferior purpose, and sub-
stituting trees somewhere else instead.
Now, the fact is that this great country does
suffer from being denuded of its timber. The
very Atlantic sea-board itself is suffering from
the too great destruction of its forests. It is
a subject of general remark every year when
we have a dry season that we suffer much more
from drought than our lathers did. Streams
dry up, ponds give out, the running of mills
is interfered with, the wells become low, and
all this is attributed, aud well attributed, I
believe, to the fact that our people have so
entirely stripped the timber off the face of the
country, and thus diminished those natural
contributors to the rain-fall until they have
disappeared to an extent which brings fre-
quent drought upon us as the result.
Now, it it is important to have a more ex-
tended growth of trees on the sea-board, it is
still more important to secure such a growth
in the interior. West of the Mississippi the
natural growth of timber is very small; and
where forests do prevail there is the more
reason to preserve them, or to provide for
planting others in their stead, and this not
merely for the use of the people, but for effect
on the climate as well. I say, therefore, that it
is in the line of proper and wise legislation for
the Committee on Agriculture to introduce
into this House some such bill as this; and I
am prepared to support any well-considered
measure to prevent the land being denuded of
timber throughout our great inland territory,
and to provide for that loss which results from
the necessities of the inhabitants for fuel and
for the use of miners, cultivators, and builders.
I am not prepared to say how well the de-
fails of this bill are calculated to accomplish
the purpose intended. But as a general prop-
osition, I think it is a wise proposition that
this Government, so far as regards the land it
still owns, shall adopt some provident meas-
ures to keep some moderate share of it in
timber; and ten percent, does not seem to
me an excessive quantity. I trust, therefore,
that whether the bill is recommitted for fur-
ther consideration by the committee, or whether
it be acted upon by the House now, members
of the House generally will give their atten-
tion, and loud a helping hand in making this a
practicable and perfect measure.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I yield now to the
gentleman from Kansas, [Mr. Lowe.]
Mr. LOWE. This bill, Mr. Speaker, em-
bodies a measure which in some respects will
commend itself, I presume, to the people of
the country and to this Congress. Any prac-
ticable measure which would secure the pres
ervation or which would inure to the cultiva-
tion of forest timber to an extent that would
obviate the great loss of timber which is inci-
dent to the improvement of the country, would
no doubt commend itself to the consideration
of this House and to the public.
But on looking at this bill itself the question
occurs to us whether the measure proposed is
one which is adequate to the object sought to
be attained. In some respects it meets with
my approval. Those portions of the bill which
seek to offer an inducement to the preservation
of timber and of forests upon the public lands
when they shall be conveyed to individuals, I
«o not antagonize; but the first two sections of
the bill, which propose to impose a forfeiture
upon every purchaser of public lands who shall
iaii to keep in forest growth ten per cent, of
his land, seems to me a measure of hardship
which the Congress of the United States ought
not to impose upon the purchasers of the
national soil. There are very few farmers who
purchase timbered lands having a quarter sec
tion, or nearly that, of timber who would, not
as a matter of industrial economy, reserve to
themselves that amount of forest lands. But
there are other cases, and those cases occur fre-
quently where purchases are made along the
margin of streams, with but a small amount of
timber, and there, in such cases, the purchasers
need the small amount of timber on their land
for immediate improvements ; and these sec-
tions impose upon him the necessity of plant-
ing a tree every time he cuts one down, and
that they shall plant one acre of forest trees
every time they cut an acre of forest growth
for the purpose of the improvement of their
farms. This is an imposition and a hard-
ship on them which it is unjust and unwife
to impose. I favor the features of the bill
which provide for the cultivation of timber on
prairie lands destitute of timber ; but I most
earnestly protest against imposing upon all
who purchase public lands or who enter them
as homesteads a liability to the forfeiture of
their entire estate if they should fail to keep
ten per cent, of their purchase in timber.
Mr. Speaker, 1 do not know that any legis-
lation would be effective to remedy the evil of
the great loss of timber to the country, but if
any such measure is appropriate it seems to
me this is not, so well digested as to commend
it to the favorable consideration of the House.
The cultivation of timber and the growth of
forests will in course of time adjust itself to the
demands of the country. When it becomes
more profitable to devote the lands of the
country to the cultivation of forest timber than
it is to devote them to the cultivation of wheat,
com, and other cereals, the farmers of the coun-
try will devote their lands to that purpose, and
no legislation, in my judgment, can be adequate
to meet the exigencies of this case.
While, therefore, I favor the inducements
held out in this bill in its latter sections, it
does seem to me that the first two sections,
which impose a forfeiture of the entire estate
upon every man who does not reserve ten per
cent, of the number of acres he holds for forest
growth, is an imposition and a hardship on
the purchasers of the public lands which ought
not to be imposed. Why should those who
purchase the public lands be subjected to these
inconveniences any more than the holders of
other lands which they may have purchased from
private individuals? True, it maybe said that
the Congress of the United States has no power
to affect lands owned and for which a title has
already passed to the purchaser ; but 'that fact
shows that the remedy here proposed is en-
tirely adequate to the supposed emeigency,
and ought not to receive the approval of the
House, especially when it imposes on that
portion of the people of the country who pur-
chase public lands a very grievous hardship
which ought not to be imposed upon them.
If the gentleman will yield to me for that pur-
pose, 1 will move to strike out the two fiist
sections of the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, as the morning
hour has nearly expired, to allow mc to move
to go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I cannot do that. I
yield the remainder of my time to the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth.]
Mr. FARNSWOKTH. I rise rather to call
the attention of the House to what I conceive
would be another very potent remedy for the
evil and cutting off of the destruction of out
timber, and that would be the abolition of the
tariff upon timber.
Without particularly discussing the details
of this bill, which of course I could not do in
five minutes, I wish to call the attention of
the House, and I would like to call the atten-
tion of the country, to the fact that your tariff
