716
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBfe.
January 30,
in i's homely way bears upon its face the im-
press of truth. I send it. to the Clerk's desk
to be read, for it tells i's own story.
The Clerk read as follows: '
Pilot Point, Texas, January 20,1872. i
Sir: I thought I would drop you a iine to let you i
Itnow how timiKS are going 011 Here. Between Cfiriot- :
xnas and Now Year the Indians came in, killing two i
men nearli'ortRichardson. They then came on down j
the country within ton or twelve miles ot this place, j
and drove out avery largo drove of horses. The cii i- >
sens followed as soon as they could collect, but night :
overtook them before they overtook tho thieves, and !
so the thing was up. This is tho kind of protection
twelve companies ot soldiers at fort Richardson, at ,
a cost of 31,400 per mail, give us. If Congress would J
givo Texas halt of tho amount raid to tho Aiiny, wo ■
would protect, oar^elve^. ;
A month ago they came in, and ran over Colonel >
MeKinzey and his command, and took all their :
horses, wounding tho colonel aud several of his j
men. Query: has he reported? There has been ;
scarcely n, lull moon tho last ftve years that tho [
Inditing have not been in, raid the Iocs ot thousands '
of horses, and tho lives of hundreds of our citizens !
has been the consequence, and consequently the finest !
portion of our State is still a howling wilderness. :
"Will we never be protected fiom such hardi-hipa
and outrages?
Respectfully, yours, Are.. J. ('. "WKUJORN.
Hon, J. C. CosnEit.
Mr. CONNER. That is one of a thousand
letters I have received in the last year on tho
same subject. The gentleman who wrote that
letter is a responsible stock-raiser, fanner, and
business man generally, on that frontier. The
town of Pilot Point, where the letter is dated,
and where the writer resides, is within ten
miles of where these Indians raided, and is
one hundred and fifty miles beyond what is
properly known as the frontier ; that is to say,
ho resides in the settlements, the frontier
proper being one hundred or one hundred and
fifty inilos beyond. It is but twenty-five miles
from the town where I reside. In that county
there are fifteen thousand people, and the town
itself is an incorporated village of twelve hun-
dred population. And when tho gentleman
states the droves of horses run off by these
Indians amounted to millions of dollars, 1 he-
lit ve he does not exaggerate in his statement
of the facts.
Mr. Chairman, it was not so had before the
President, inaugurated his peace policy, hi
1807, whensiuular outrages look place on that,
frontier, General Sheridan, who commanded
the troops on the border, followed these In-
dians to tho Upper Canadian, ami there he
treated them to the only medicine which has
ever proved salutary or accomplished tho
result of giving peace to our frontiers.
1 he CHAIRMAN. The gentlem tin's time j
Las expired.
Mr. JJECiv took tho floor.
Mr. CONNER. 1 simply nihil to say one
word ill addition.
Mr. BECK. I will yield to the gentleman
a part of tnv time.
Mr. CONNER, f thank my friend from
Kentucky. I wish to make merely this nddi \
tional statement: that I have already in the ^
last Congress introduced a resolution here I
calling for a committee to examine into these |
Indian depredations down there, and report j
the^amount of property stolen from citizens j
of lexas. We have felt, and do l'cel, that while I
we bow with respect to the flag of the country, !
obey the laws and pay the taxes which go j
to support this Government, it is our right to !
demand at the hands of Congress that protec- I
lion which it is the dti'y of every Government !
to extend to its people who are the subjects !
of outrages of this kind.
3Ir. McCOBMICK. I wish to ask the iron- '
Lernan a question in reference to one particu-
lar point. It lias been stated more than once
that white men on the frontier have been in tho
habit of w.«<aising themselves m the Indian
garb and committmgthese deoredations on the
Jrontier wLieh sre charged to the Indians. Is
tne gentleman from Texas aware of any such
depredations being committed by white men
dressed as Indians on the Indian frontier?
Mr. CONNER. If that be true, they belong
to the followers of the peace commissioners.
Mr. SARGENT. I doubt if that is suscep-
tible of proof.
Mr. CONNER. The proof is this: that^e
never heard of these complaints nnt.il the peace
commissioners came down there, and that to
my mind is conclusive evidence. These dep-
redations are all committed by the Indians
themselves.
Mr. BECK. I merely desire to say a word
in regard to the peace commission. I hap-
pened to be on the Committee on Appropria-
tions last Congress, and, in connection with
the gentleman from Ca'ii'ornia, took as much
interest in the matter of Indian affairs as any
other member of that committee; and I feel
prepared to say to the House and the country
that the peace commission, while it may have
failed in some localities to do all it. ought, to
have done, or which could be expected of it,
perhaps, yet over the country generally it lias
proved to be the means of great good to our
people. They have brought now into peace-
ful .submission to the laws of this country over
seventy five thousand Indians who were roam-
in" wild when they undertook the manage-
ment of' this business. And while they have
no authority to rove over the borders ofTexaa
and to punish every wild Indian or every band
of wild Indians that may commit depredations,
as doubtless they do, they are doing their best
to civilize them, and they are succeeding, if
not in that particular locality, certainly in very
many oilier localities; aud the complaint of the
gentleman from Texas [Mr. Coxneii] seems to
mo to apply more especially to the inefficiency
of the soldiery stationed there than it docs
to anything that the peace commissioners are
doing,
Mr. CONNER. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a remark
Mr. BECIv. Certainly.
Jlr. CONNER. Under the regulations of
this peace commission the troops are not
authorized or empowered to follow the Indians
on the reservations. Now they come into
Texas and they perpetrate these depredations;
they cross the Rio Grande and arrive on what
is known as the Indian reservation. We fol-
j low them to the river, but cannot cross over,
i If an act of Congress will authorize the sol-
dieiy, or the citizens of Texas with arms in
their hands, to follow these Indians and claim
then- property wherever found, on the mount-
ains or reservations, we will protect ourselves
and never more come herewith any complaint.
V 1 \ o tV i I \ > \ /*\ i" ITTI^ nf 4 A ^.,4 A.. I A A
Mr. RECK. I do not want to entcr'into a
controversy with the gentleman from Texas
[Mr. Conner] on this policy. The people lie
speaks of, no doubt, if allowed to follow the
Indians into these reservations, would soon
destroy them all. They and many other whites
world be glad of the chance. Permission,
however, has never been given to people to
follow the Indians, with arms, into their res-
ervations.
Rut 1 did not get up to speak on that point.
The Indians in that section of the country have
been troublesome tor years and years, and this
has been going on, not during the last vear
merely, but during tho last twenty years. In
1807, 1 think it was, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations told us that it cost
$30,000,000 to fight the Indians in that year,
and 1 suppose the fact was stated after a care-
ful examination of the whole subject. But I
only desire to say with reference to the peace
commissioners that these men \Vho, the gen-
tleman from California [Mr. Sargext] has
stated, have been earnestly and zealously
endeavoring to civilize these Indians, j,re suc-
ceeding, and by the supervision we have given
them over the management of the Indians are
saving to-day to the Government millions of
dollais.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BECK. Certainly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to ask the gentle-
man why it is that this annual appropriation
bill is larget than that for last year if millions
are bfeing saved?
Mr. BECK. The gentleman does not seera
to understand that this Indian appropriation
bill has nothing to do with the tens of thou-
sands ilrat have been squandered on contracts
of all sorts by Indian agents everywhere, as
the gentleman now sitting by Ms fide [Mr.
Cavanagh, formerly Delegate from Montana]
can inform him.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That gentleman has
informed me exactly the- opposite of that.
Mr. BECK. Then he has changed from the
position he took when he was a member of
this House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. He had reference to
some of the appropriations made here for In-
dians, where he says there is not a settlement
or a foot of land cultivated.
Mr. BECK. I am not speaking of details
of particular appropriations; when these come
up, perhaps the gentleman from California
[Mr. Sakgext] can answer that statement,
and no doubt will.
I believe that in Arizona and elsewhere larger
appropriations are now required because of
efforts made to get the Indians on reservations,
aud if the report of Mr. Vincent Collyer,
which was laid on the table the other day,
speaks the truth, they are partially succeeding.
They have had great difficulty, immense diffi-
culty, as you will always have, in civilizing
hundreds of thousands of wild Indians; but
the Sioux of the tipper Mississippi and Mis-
souri, aud all the Indians of the Northwest,
are now being put on reservations, and the
saving to the Government of millions of dollars
by this policy is, beyond all question, true.
Aud 1 desire to say here that while there are
a great many things which the President has
done in which I differ with him very much, in
nothing which ho has done do I agree more
cordially than in the support he has given to
these commissioners, and in his act in remov-
ing a man from the head of the Indian de-
partment who was unfit and putting General
Walker at the head of that service, who, I
think, is one of the best officers in the couu-
tiv, I think if tho President id sustained in
his policy, and it is carried out, we shall have
an improvement in the management of the
Indians far exceeding anything we havo ever
had in this country on that subject under any
Administration.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I should like to move
an amendment to this bill, to the effect that a
quantity of arms, say $1,000,000 worth or so,
should be given to these Indians. I have read
this bill with some little care, as much of it as
I have had time to read, as the bill has been
on my desk but five minutes, and my attention
has not been entirely devoted to it, as I was
interrupted occasionally ; but so far as I havo
gone I must say that I am not at all satisfied
or content with the bill as presented. Jt is
contrary to the previous practice of tho Gov-
ernment. It is contrary to what has been
thoroughly well-established usage for many
years in this Government. It is an innovation
which wo should not allow, and which I hope
will not be permitted. 1 have got no further
in my investigations than to the paragraph rela-
tive to the Apaches, Kiowas, and Oominehes.
I find in glancing through the bill the names
of many other Indian tribes that I never before
heard of, but I hav-e enough iu these particu-
lar items to occupy all the time allowed me
under the rule.
_ I observe here an appropriation of $28,000
'■for the purchase of clothing as provided in
the same treaties." Now, Mr. Chairman, i
am dissatisfied with that. It is not specific
enough. It does not say what kind of clothing
is to be given to these Indians. For instance,
are the squaws to have dresses, and if so, silk
dresses? Are the men to be dressed op in
broadcloth? Are they to have hats such as
we wear? Is tliis really a civilizing com-
