1872.
THE COjStGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4301
up, so that we may know what it ia that we
are asked to take up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be read for the information of the Senate.
The Chief'Clerk read the bill (H. R. No.
2247) giving the approval and sanction of Con-
gress to the termini and route of the Anacostia
and Potomac River railroad, and to regulate
its construction and operation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to proceed to the con-
sideration of this bill.
The question being put, the motion was
agreed to—ayes 23, noes 16.
Mr. STEWART. Now I offer an amend-
ment 
Mr. THURMAN and others. Let the bill
be read.
Mr. STEWART. The bill has been read,
and now I offer an amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It was only read for in-
formation before. It is now in Committee of
the Whole, and we want it read regularly.
Mr. STEWART. It has just been read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This is a very extraor-
dinary proposition. The Senator from Ne-
vada is so hot as chairman of the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad for all other railroads,
that he is not willing to have a bill read in
committee according to the rule. • Most of us
probably have not studied the subject very
thoroughly 
Mr. STEWART. I withdraw my suggestion.
The Senator from Vermont can have the bill
read twenty times if he wants to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am on the floor, and
you will wait until I am through.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will not the Senator
from Vermont yield to me for a moment? It
is important to have a short executive session.
We have but ten minutes before the recess.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I cannot yield at this
moment, because if I do' I shall forget what
I had to say to my friend from Nevada.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. You had better
not say it. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMONDS. Well, perhaps I had
better not.
Mr. SHERMAN. As this bill will come
tip immediately after the recess, I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business. We have business that
will occupy the-time in executive session until
the recess.
The motion was agreed to.
tub restrictive rule.
Mr. NYE. Before the doors are closed I
offer the following resolution:
Besolved, That the last clause of the resolution
of the Senate of the 29th of April, 1872, in the fol-
lowing words : " and no amendment to any such
bill making legislative provisions, other than such
as directly relate to the appropriations contained in
the bill, shall be received," be, and the same is
hereby, rescinded, so far as it may apply to the bill
(H. R. No. 2705} making appropriations for sundry
eivil expenses of the Government for the fiscal ^ear
ending Juno 30,1873, and for other purposes.
Mr. THURMAN. Is that offered by the
Senator from Nevada?
Mr. NYE. Not for action now, but let it
lie over.
Mr. THURMAN. I object to its consid-
eration.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to know
whether we are in executive or legislative ses-
sion ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pom-
eroy.) In executive session. The resolution
lies on the table for the present.
Mr. CASSERLY. No, sir; it cannot be
received.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator object to the reception of the resolu-
tion ?
Mr. CASSERLY.. Yes, sir; because we
are in executive session.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the doors be
considered open.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the use? There
are two or three saeh resolutions already on
the table.
Mr. NYE. I have done just what I have
seen the Senator from Ohio do many a time.
_ Mr. SHERMAN. There are two resolu-
tions of a similar character already lying on
the table, introduced heretofore.
Mr. NYE. I am not certain about that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I insist on the enforce-
ment of the order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
is in exeoutive session; the doors will be
closed and the galleries cleared.
The Senate remained in executive session
until the hour of half past four o'clock arrived,
when the doors were reopened, and the Senate
took a recess until half past seven o' clock p.m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half
o'clock p. in.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pom-
ekoy in the chair.) The hour to which the
Senate took a recess having arrived, the Sen-
ate resumes its session, and the unfinished
business, being House bill No. 2247, is before
the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to
make a report. I suppose the Senator from
Nevada will not object to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No objection
being made, the report will be received.
edward g. allen.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am directed
by the Committee on the Library, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2034) for the
relief of Edward G. Allen, of England, to re-
port it back without amendment. It will take
but a moment to consider it, and, if there be
no objection, I ask for its present considera-
tion.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Edward G. Allen, of Lon-
don, England, the sum of $1,480, the pur-
chase-money for books for the Library of
Congress, of which sum he was unjustly de-
frauded by the conduct of the Librarian, in
the year 1863.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The bill
explains itself.
The bill was reported to (he Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
report of a committee.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, to whom was re
ferred the bill (S. No. 1035) for the restora-
tion to market of certain lands in Michigan,
reported it with amendments.
tax and tariff bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am directed by the
Committee on Printing, to whom was referred
a resolution offered by the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman], for the printing of three
thousand extra copies of the tax and tariff
bill, to report it back without, amendment;
and I ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution :
2£e t>lwd, That three thousand copies of the hill
(II. It. No. 2322) to reduce duties on imports, and to
reduce internal taxes, and lor other purposes, be
printed for the use of the Senate.
The resolution was agreed to,
district street railroad.
Mr, NYE. I ■Wish to offer a resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The unfin-
ished business is now before the Senate, being
the bill (H. It. No. 2247) giving the approval
and sanction of Congress to the termini and
route of the Anacostia and Potomac River
railroad, and to regulate its construction and
operation.
Mr. STEWART. I hope we shall now go
on with that bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Prior to the
recess the Senator from Nevada moved aa
amendment to the bill.
Mr. STEWART. I send the amendment to
the Chair and ask that it be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. We have sent
to get a map of the city of Washington, which
we wish to look at before this matter is acted
upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator desire to have the bill laid aside?
Mr. STEWART. I do not want it to be laid
aside, because if it is we cannot get it up
again.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do not ask it.
The map will be here in a minute.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest that
it be laid aside, subject to the call of the Sen-
ator from Nevada. We want to know where
these roads run. *
Mr. STEWART. If it can be laid aside
informally, so as not to lose its place, I shall
not object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection the bill will be laid aside inform-
ally, and the Chair will recognize the Senator
from Massachusetts, who has signified a desire
to have a portion of the time this evening for
the business of his committee.
general army regulations.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 1136, to authorize the adoption of a
system of general regulations for the use of
the Army of the United States.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill, (t provides that the system
of general regulations for the administration
of the affairs of the Army, authorized by sec-
tion twenty of the act approved July 15, 1870,
to be prepared by the Secretary of War, shall,
when approved by the President, be adopted
for the use of the Army for one year from the
date of its publication, at the end of which
period it is to be submitted to Congress for such
action as may then be deemed advisable ; but
nothing in the regulations is to be inconsistent
with the laws of the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
thiid reading, read the third time, and passed.
artesian well on military reservation.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up
Hon«e bill No. 1513.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as iu Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1513) authorizing
the Secretary of War to expend certain
moneys for the purpose of sinking an artesian
well on the Fort D. A. Russell military reser-
vation, in Wyoming Territory. It authorizes
the Secietary of War to expend the sum of
$10,000, or so much thereof as may be ne-
cessary, for the purpose of sinking an artesian
well on the Fort D. A. Russell military res-
ervation, in the Territory of Wyoming.
The biil was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third readiug, read
the third time, and passed.
cannon for soldiers' monuments.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up
Honse bill No. 2700.
The rhotion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (II. R. No. 2700) donating
condemned cannon and cannon balls to cer-
tain oiganizations for monumental purposes.
The bill proposes to authorize the Secretary
of War to deliver, if it can be done without
detriment to the Government, four condemne t
cannon and sixteen cannon balls to each of
the following-named organizations, for the
purpose of ornamenting burial-grounds of
deceased soldiers: to the John Russell Lowell
Encampment, Post No. 7, Grand Army of
the Republic, of Boston, Massachusetts; to
