1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
665
42d Cong....2d Sbss.
Extension of Ku Klux Act—Mr. Thurman.
Senate.
Extension of Ku Klnx Act.
SPEECH OF HON. A. G. THURMAN,
of onio,
L\ the Usited States Senate,
May 21, 1872.'
The Senate having under consideration the bill
(S. No. 656) to extend the provisions of the fourth
section of the act approved April 20,1871, author-
izing the President to suspend the privilege of the
writ of habeas corpus—
Mr. THURMAN raid:
Mr. President: I am very much indis-
posed to say anything on this bill; because
when the original bill was before the Senate
I expressed ray views upon it fully ; and that
was but a "little over a year ago. I shall not
repeat at large the grounds of opposition that
1 then stated to the bill, nor is it necessary
that I should do so. It passed, and the prop-
osition now before us is to extend a particu-
lar section of that act until the 4th day of
March next. The act itself, with the excep-
tion of that section, is not limited in its dura-
tion. It is an act apparently of perpetual
duration; but that particular section, the fourth,
which confers upon the President the power
to suspend the privilege of the writ of habeas
corpus, is limited induration to the expiration
of the present session of Congress; and now it
is proposed to continue it until the 4th day of
March next.
What reason is given for continuing it? If
there were any reason why a limit should be
placed upon its duration in the original bill,
why does not that reason still exist? What
new reason is therefor extending its duration?
What new light has fallen upon the Senate
that should induce us to extend it? In reply
to this obvious inquiry we are told by the Sen-
ator from Indiana that there is in the South
what is equivalent to war. He has drawn a
picture of a hundred thousand or more armed
men, banded together in a conspiracy against
the peace and welfare of the people, and Be
says in so many words that that is equivalent
to war.
If that is the state of the South, if that is the
chronic condition of the South, why does he
propose to limit the duration of this section to
the 4th day of March next ? Why not strike
out all limitation? Why not let it be as_per-
manent a part of the statute as the remaining
sections in the act? The very fact that the
Senator proposes that the section shall be
extended only until the 4th day of March next
is a complete refutation of the picture which
his fancy has conjured up. If the condition
of the South is such as he states, his logic
would require him to extend th^ -act indefi-
nitely, and repeal it only when satisfactory
evidence showed that it could be repealed with
This thing of suspending the privilege of the
writ from time to time, first suspending it for
a limited period and then suspending it for
another limited period, and so on, is a perfect
refutation, as it seems to me, of the pretense
upon which it is suspended at all. I repeat,
that if the condition of the southern people is
that which the Senator from Indiana has de-
picted here to-night, aud if you have the con-
stitutional power to confer upon the President
the authority to suspend the writ, as the fourth
section of this act purports to do, then, accord-
ing to his logic, you are bound by every prin-
ciple of propriety to suspend it without limit,
and leave it to the discretion of Congress here-
after, upon satisfactory proof being made, to
repeal the act when the necessity for it shall
have passed away.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator
whether it is not the constant practice of the
English Parliament to carry on the mutiny
act from session to session only?
Mr. THURMAN. It is not the constant
practice of the British Parliament to pass
such a law as this.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am speaking of the
principle of passing a law which shall only
have a temporary duration.
Mr. THURMAN. To be sure, a limited
duration is frequently given to laws, but the
British Parliament is far more jealous of the
liberty of the British subject than this Con-
gress has shown itself to be of the liberty of
the American citizen; and the Senator will
hunt in vain in the last hundred years of
English legislation for a parallel for such an
act as this.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator is greatly
mistaken. In the first place, he knows that
they suspend the mutiny act, as it is called,
from session to session, which grants great
powers to the executive; and in the second
place, he ought to remember that within a
year they have authorized the suspension of
the habeas corpus in two or three instances
in particular localities of the country.
Mr. THURMAN. I know they have author-
ized the suspension, but they have never
clothed their sovereign, within the last hun-
dred years, with the powers that this act
gives the President of the United States.
Mr. CASSERLY. They never have done
it at all in any period of their history.
Mr. THURMAN. No, sir, they never have
done it.
Mr. CARPENTER. The king has over
and over exercised the power, and Parliament
has ratified it.
Mr. THURMAN. If I am to have all the
history of England told me by these gen-
tlemen in the middle of my speech, very well;
we shall have a historical society right here.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator defied us to
state the facts.
Mr. THURMAN. I defied nobody. Imade
the assertion myself that within the last hun-
dred years there has not been such a power
conferred on a British sovereign, in regard to
the suspension of the habeas corpus, as this
act confers upon the President. Let us look
for one moment at what it is.
What is the peculiar feature of this act?
It is this: that Congress does not judge whether
the case has arisen in which the writ should
be suspended. That is the peculiar feature
of this act, and one that in my judgment
makes it plainly unconstitutional. That Con-
gress, instead of deciding itself whether the
state of case exists which authorizes the sus-
pension of the writ, undertakes to devolve
the decision of that question upon the Presi-
dent of the United States. That is a power
you have no right to devolve upon him. Your
Constitution says that the privilege of the
writ shall only be suspended when in case of
rebellion or invasion the public safety requires
it; and it is for Congress to decide whether
that case has arisen. Now, there is no inva-
sion, and therefore the bill must rest upon the
idea of rebellion, and rebellion so dangerous
that the public safety requires the suspension
of the writ. But the Constitution requires
that you. the Congress, and not the President,
shall judge whether a rebellion exists, and
whether the public safety requires the suspen-
sion of the writ-
Mr, CARPENTER. Upon what authority
does the Senator assert that ?
Mr. THURMAN. I am not going over the
speech I made before, in which I did show
authority enough; one particularly, to which
the Senator will pay great regard, the opinion
of Mr. Justice Story in his Commentaries on
the Constitution, aud another, to which be
will not pay so much regard, the opinion of
Chief Justice Taney in the Merryman ease;
and see Chief Justice Marshall in ex parte
Bollman and Swartwoat, (4 Cranch, 75.)
The power to suspend the privilege of the
writ is a legislative power, and a legislative
power can only be exercised by the Legisla-
ture; and the Constitution, when it gives to
yon, and to you alone, the power to suspend,
requires you to decide whether the facts exist
which authorize the saspension. What is the
language of the Constitution ?
" The privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall
not be suspended, unless when ia eases of rebellion
or invasion the public safety may require it."
Now, if you, the Legislature, are the power
to suspend the writ, as you are, then it is for
you to determine whether a case lop suspen-
sion has arisen; that is to say, whether there
is rebellion, whether there is invasion, and
whether the public safety requires the suspen-
sion of the writ; and you cannot constitu-
tionally delegate that power to anybody else,
These are all questions of fact upon whieh
you are to pass, and you cannot constitution-
ally surrender this jurisdiction and duty to the
President, as this bill proposes to do.
In this fourth section of the act you say
that certain facts shall constitute rebellion,
and you authorize the President to determine
whether those facts exist. Where there is
complicity of the State officers, that is to
constitute rebellion, and you authorize him
to decide whether there is such complicity.
There are half a dozen or more of such ques-
tions the decision of which you seek to sur-
render to the President, and thus authorize
him to decide whether there is rebellion and
whether the public safety requires that the
privilege of the writ shall be suspended.
You devolve your own power upon the Execu-
tive of the country, upon one man, and upon
one man alone. I deny that you have any
constitutional right to do any such thing;
and if you had, it would be most impolitic to
exercise it, as you propose by this bill to do.
This marks the distinction between the
English cases of suspension and this casej
and to show this I read from as well known
a book as Biackstone's Commentaries on the
Laws of England, volume one, page 153.
Speaking of this writ he says:
But the happiness of our Constitution is, that it
isnot left to the executive power to determine when
the danger of the State is so great as to render this
measure expedient, for it is the Parliament only (or
legislative power) that, whenever it sees proper, by
suspending the habeas corpus act for a short and
limited time, can enable the Crown to imprison sus-
pected persons without the possibility of their ob-
taining their discharge during that period by any
interference of the courts of law; as the senate of
Rome was wont to have recourse to a dietator, a
magistrate of absolute authority, when they judged
the republic in any imminent danger. The decree
of the senate, which usually preceded the nomina-
tion of this magistrate, 'dent operant consider, ne quid
retqjuhlica detriment! capiat,1 wajs called the senaius
consultant ultimo necessitatis, and in like manner this
experiment ought only to be tried in cases of extreme
emergency; in these the nation parts with its liberty
for a while in order to preserve it forever."
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator
allow me to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CARPENTER. I wish to call his
attention to a clear distinction between the
case in England and in this country. There
is no authority for issuing the habeas corpus
in England but by act of Parliament, and of
course an act of Parliament alone can sus-
pend it. Here the matter is regulated not by
Congress, for if that was tie case certainly
none but Congress could suspend that law;
but it is controlled by the Constitution, and
the Constitution does not provide that, the
privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall
not he suspended "by Congress," unless
when in cases of rebellion or invasion the
public safety may require it, nor is that pro-
vision found in the legislative article of the
