1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
16X3
One word, Mr. Chairman, in reference to
the letter-carriers' uniform. It is a matter of
fact, sir, that the only difference is in the color
of the clothing prescribed by the Post Office
Department. It is as suitable for them in
their every-day and Sunday wear as any other-
cloth. If these gentlemen have the proper
suit of clothes, which I contend they have, in
the uniform which they wear in carrying let-
ters, it makes no difference what sort of but-
tons an honest man wears whether on Sunday
or any other day. He need not cut those
buttons off or arrange to have different but-
tons on Sunday from what he wears during
the week days.
It seems to me that it is not wise on the
part of the Government to be offering salaries
to men for small services which are not neces-
sary in order to command those services.
You can have an additional number, you can
have double the number, ay, you can have
treble the number of men to come in under
the employ of the Government, to do the same
service as these letter-carriers, at the salaries
these men now receive, and men of equal intel-
ligence. I therefore oppose the proposition
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. L. MYERS. Let me ask the gentle-
man from Illinois a question. Is he in favor
of giving these men the salary fixed by law, or
is he in favor of decreasing that salary by the
reduction made by compelling these men to
pay for their own uniforms ?
Mr. MOORE. The gentleman's motion is
to increase their salary, and I am in favor of
leaving it as it is, not increasing or decreas-
ing it.
Mr. L. MYERS. I do not propose to in-
crease their salaries, but to prevent any
decrease of them.
Mr. MOORE. I think these salaries ought
to be satisfactory as they are, and they now
command readily all the service the Govern-
ment requires at the hands of these le.tter-
carriers.
Mr. L. MYERS. My objection is that these
men do not receive the salary which the lav/
has guarantied, and my proposition is to pre-
vent any further decrease.
Mr. MOORE. I can furnish fifty men from
my district, wanting employment in the sev-
eral Departments of this Government, who
would be glad to accept a Post Office position
at fifty dollars per month, and I have no doubt
there are some who would be glad to take a
position at much less.
Mr. L. MYERS. I have no doubt I could
secure more than fifty men from the gentle-
man's own district who would be glad to take
his place at a much lower salary than that
which he now receives.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask my colleague to
withdraw his amendment, and I will renew it.
Mr. L. MYERS. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. RANDALL. I renew it. Mr. Chair-
man, it is not my mission here to recommend
any increase of the public expenditures on the
part of the majority of this House, but I deem
it no more than justice to say in reference to
these letter-carriers, so far as my own observa-
tion has gone, that they are the least paid of
any of the employes of the Government con-
sidering the onerous duties which they dis-
charge. They receive only from seven hun-
dred to one thousand dollars a year, while
they are upon their routes going from morning
to night. If my information be correct, they
average at least fourteen hours a day, all the
time being on their feet receiving and deliv-
ering letters. 'You can, of course, get men to-
day to do this for something less, but that is not
an argument against the present proposition,
to my mind, i can get, as was said by my col-
league, many men in my district to take my
place in thi3 Hall without any salary at all.
I think we should pay our public agents what
we consider liberal compensation, and what
they deserve, considering their services.
In the first place, Mr. Chairman, these let-
ter-carriers have to be men of intelligence.
They have to be men or should be men of in-
tegrity. They are intrusted with valuable let-
ters, and I maintain if there be any agents of
the Government improperly or badly paid they
are these letter-carriers, who do so much and
receive so little. I hope the proposition will
be adopted by the House.
Mr. PALMER. This is only another form
of the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, which was voted down on Fri-
day last. It is the same proposition, but
coming before us in an indirect way. This
order for uniforming these letter-carriers went
into operation three and a half years ago.
Those who occupy these places at present have
accepted them with all the conditions attached
to their services. They have furnished uniforms
and paid for them themselves.
message from tiie senate.
The committee informally rose, and
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Sympsox, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body had passed without
amendment a bill (H. R. No. 73) for the relief
of Benjamin Vanniman.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill (H. R. No. 754)
granting the right of way through the public
lands for the construction of a railroad and
telegraph in Florida; in which the concurrence
of the House was requested.
message from the president.
A message was received from the President
of the United States, by Mr. Porter, one of his
Secretaries, notifying the House that he had
approved and signed bills of the following
titles:
An act (H. R. No. 1745) to provide for the
designation of a chief medical purveyor;
An act (H. R. No. 436) to create an addi-
tional land district in the State of Nevada;
An act (H. R. No. 1334) to create an addi-
tional land district in the State of Minnesota;
An act (H. R. No. 1529) for the relief of
Francis A. Eastman, postmaster at Chicago,
Illinois;"
An act (H. R. No. 1534) to authorize the
construction of a fire-proof building at Albany,
New York ;
An act (H. R. No. 1540) to authorize the
purchase of a site for a public building at
Cincinnati, Ohio ; and
An act (II. R. No. 1C63) authorizing the
Warren National Bank, of South Danvers, in
the State of Massachusetts, to change its
name to the Warren National Bank, of Pea-
body, Massachusetts.
post office appropriation hill.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union resumed its session.
Mr. PALMER. This free-delivery system
is only partial at best; it is in operation in
only fifty-two cities of the country. Cities
having a population below fifty thousand do
not have the privilege of having this free de-
livery, and yet inasmuch as it is not self-sus-
taining tkey are compelled to share the bur-
den of the deficiency. That is the cause of
expenditures over receipts in these cities,
which is something over a half million dollars.
The inhabitants of these cities which do not
reach the minimum population of fifty thou-
sand have to bear the expense of this benefit
to cities numbering a larger population.
Mr. HOAR. Does the gentleman claim
that the expense to the Government is ascer-
tained by merely comparing the expenses of
the letter-carrier system with the receipts from
drop letters ? I understand that the number
of mail letters is increased by the letter-
carrier system very largely.
Mr. PALMER. I will explain that t<9 the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar.]
There is a provision of law which requires the
Post Office Department to keep a separate :
account of the receipts from what is called
local postage in the cities where the system is
in operation, so that there can be made a bal-
ance of receipts and expenditures under the
letter-carrier system.
Mr. HOAR. You understand that it is an
ingenious method of keeping that account, to
include simply the receipts from drop letters ?
Mr. PALMER. I will state to the gentle-
man that it is a provision of law that the Post
Office Department shall keep an account of
the local postage in these cities and the cost
of.free delivery. If the gentleman will look
at the report of the Postmaster General he
will find it there in tabulated form. As I have
said, it shows a deficiency of something over
half a million dollars.
Mr. HOAR. Is it the opinion of the gen-
tleman from Iowa, [Mr. Palmer,] as a gentle-
man of experience on this subject, that these
letter-carriers deliver and receive more than
mere drop letters? Do they not do a large
portion of the general business of the post
office?
Mr. PALMER. The account is kept of let-
ters received within the delivery to each of the
post offices in these cities, fifty-two in num-
ber, and the postage on these letters is what
is called the local postage of any of these
offices.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the pending
amendment is exhausted.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I move to
strike out the last word. It will be observed,
Mr. Chairman, that this is a proposition to
appropriate over one hundred thousand dol-
lars for the purpose of purchasing uniforms
for the letter-carriers. Now, the sense of the
House was taken last week upon the object
really sought to be accomplished by this amend-
ment, and it was given decidedly against the
increase of the salaries of letter-carriers. It
is urged now that this is a matter of substan-
tial justice to them, because the Postmaster
General has required that they shall be uni-
formed in a particular way and at a certain
expense, but it should be remembered that the
regulation of the Postmaster General is such
that the uniform really costs the letter-carriers
less than the ordinary clothing which they
otherwise would have to wear; so that it is a
matter of economy to them, and not a matter
of additional expense.
And again, these uniforms have already
been purchased. The expense has already
been incurred. The regulation of the Post-
master General has already been complied
with. And therefore this proposition, were it
adopted, will be simply reimbursing them for
expenses already incurred.
■ Now it should not be forgotten that these
positions of letter-carriers are positions which
are sought by very many persons in our cities.
There are a large number of applicants wlio
cannot receive appointments. They are not
appointed on account of any talent or of any
peculiar qualification they may have. There
are no peculiar abilities required to enable
them to fill the position. It is one simply of
manual labor, requiring the exercise of com-
mon honesty. We have all over this country
men who labor, and sweat, and toil from day
to day for one half the pay which these letter-
carriers receive. Our mechanics all through
the country do not make $1,000 a year; men
who have large families dependent upon them,
who labor from daylight to dark, and at hard
work, too, many of them as intelligent and
honest as these letter-carriers, and many of
whom would be glad to have these position's at
the present compensation.
It seems to me that as a matter of justice
these men are already properly and sufficiently
paid. They would have to clothe themselves
if they did not purchase uniforms, and the
expense to which they are put for the pur-
chase of them is not an additional expense at
all. Theyare simply required to supply a cer-
tain kind of dress instead of supplying a more
