1614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
expensive dress, and therefore I think the
committee should not adopt this amendment.
The tendency of things here is to extrava-
gance; to an unlimited expenditure of the
public money, and it becomes us here to watch
carefully each and every proposition of this
character that attempts to put its hand and
arm into the public Treasury. We want to
retrench the expenses of the Government, to
keep down the appropriations to the lowest
amount possible consistent with justice to the
employes of the Government and consistent
with the welfare of the people. I think that
there is nomeritin this proposition, andl hope
that it will be voted down. I withdraw my
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. COGGER. I move to strike out the
paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The question cannot
be put upon that motion so long as an amend-
ment to the paragraph is pending. The ques-
tion is upon the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. L. Myers.]
The question was put; and there were—
ayes thirteen, noes not counted.
So-the amendment was rejected.
The question recurred upon Mr. Conger's
motion, to strike out the paragraph.
Mr. CONGER. I will simply remark that
I made that motion because of all these mo-
tions to increase the salaries of these officers.
Mr. L. MYERS. I rise to a point of order.
The paragraph has been passed on, and my
amendment was to come in at the end of it.
The CHAIRMAN. It could not have been
passed on if the amendment could attach to it.
Mr. L. MYERS. The amendment was a
new paragraph, and was not attached to the
original paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. It must of necessity
have been attached to it. The motion of the
gentleman from Michigan is in order.
Mr. CONGER. I was wondering how the
gentleman could attach his amendment to a
paragraph which was not within reach.
Mr. L. MYERS. 1 did not propose to attach
it to this paragraph, it is not so written.
Mr. CONGER. I was about to say that I
make this motion to strike out the paragraph
becausc day after day and year after year those
who are enjoying this free letter-carrier system
are not satisfied without still further encroach-
ing upon the rights of the rural districts all
through the United States by depriving them
of mail facilities which they ought to enjoy
in order to extend the benefits to the cities,
which are better able to pay their postage than
we are in the country; but after the vote just
taken upon the motion last made, and not
desiring te> embarrass the action of the com-
mittee, I will withdraw my motion for the
present; but if such motions are renewed
again, I shall insist on taking the sense of the
House upon it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I offer
the following amendment, to come in at the
end of the paragraph;
Provided, That whoever shall require tho delivery
of letters at his house or place of business shall pro-
vide a box or other suitable receptacle for such
letters so delivered at the place of delivery, under
such regulations as the Postmaster General shall
prescribe.
I have offered that amendment for the pur-
pose of endeavoring to facilitate the delivery
of letters without, expense to ths United
States. I have talked to the postmaster of
one of the cities where the free-delivery system
prevails, and he assures me that more than
half of the entire cost of delivering letters
within his post office delivery comes from the
necessity of the letter-carriers waiting at the
door after ringing the bell or knocking at the
door, to get an answer from those within. He
has to come to tho door and ring the bell and
then wait until some not over-industrious ser-
vant gets ready to answer the door. More
than half the time of the delivery is so con-
sumed, whereas by the expenditure of a dol-
lar or two in making suitable boxes in which
the letters could be put, he would be able to
pass on and go about his business, and there
can be twice as many letters delivered by the
same carrier as there can be now.
This amendment, as gentlemen will readily
see, only provides that where a man requires
letters to be brought to his house he shall pro-
vide the means for their prompt delivery. I
can see no objection to that amendment. I
have putin the words "under such regulations
as the Postmaster General may prescribe."
Now, he can easily prescribe the use of a box
that will bo perfectly safe. A business man
would be very glad not to be interrupted at
his place of business by being called upon
about his letters.
Again, my amendment is in favor of the
householder. Why, sir, I have been in a house
where the servant was called away from wait-
ing upon the dinner-table, or from some other
service, to answer the ringing of the door-bell,
or to go and answer the postman's knock.
Therefore it will be a saving on both sides, as
well to the householder as to the letter-carrier.
We give a great boon, as my friend from Michi-
gan [Mr. Conger] says, to cities by this free-
delivery system. Why not require them to
take a little pains to have it done as expedi-
tiously as possible? Many men do so at their
places of business; many householders do so,
and find it a great convenience. But many
others are careless; they do not care how much
time the letter-carrier may be compelled to
take. I think I have heard the remark made,
when the ring or the knock was given, " Oh,
it is only the letter-carrier ; pass the soup and
let him wait." [Laughter.]
Mr. CREBS. Will the gentleman allow me
a moment to ask a question?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. What is it?
Mr. CREBS. Does the amendment of the
gentleman provide 'that there shall be such a
box as the person himself may select, or such
as may be prescribed by the Postmaster Gen-
(jr&l ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No; I
do not require that the Postmaster General
shall prescribe the kind of box, but that the
party shall put up his box at some place under
such regulations as the Postmaster General
may prescribe, not 011 the back side of his
shed, but at some convenient place that the
Postmaster General may designate or pre-
scribe.
Mr. CREBS. Does the amendment mean
such a box as the Postmaster General may
prescribe?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No ; to
be placed under such regulations as he may
prescribe.
Mr. CREBS. If the regulations are to be
as to the place, and not as to the kind of box,
that is all right.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I only
suggest that where a great number of boxes is
required the Postmaster General may easily
have a given kind which shall be cheap, made
of tin or iron or something of that kind.
Mr. TWICHELL. I trust my colleague
will modify his amendment so as to require
the mail-carrier to put locks on these boxes,
with a different key for each box, and that he
shall carry all the keys in his pocket.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. By no
means.
Mr. TWICHELL. There is no other safe
way.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I beg
the gentleman's pardon. How does he get
his letter into the post office when lie puts one
in ? Does ho carry a key to the box in
his pocket, by which to unlock the receptacle
for letters, or does he merely shove it into
some safe place, the key to which is held
by the postmaster on the other side ? The
key to the box which my amendment would
require a man to provide would be in his
own pocket, and not in the pocket of the
letter-carrier.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Butler, of Massachu-
setts; and, upon a division, there were—ayes
3 0, noes 32; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Butler,
•of Massachusetts, and Mr. Palmer, were
appointed.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I desire to under-
stand this amendment, and ask that it may be
read again.
The Clerk read the amendment as follows :
After line thirty-two insert the following:
Provided, That whoever shall require a delivery
of letters at his house or place of business shall pro-
vide a box or other suitable receptaclo for letters so
delivered at the place of delivery, under such regu-
lations as the Postmaster General shall prescribe.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What is to become
of all the poor people and boarders who have
no residence, who live at hotels and boarding-
houses, who have no doors where to put up a
box, and whose letters are delivered to them ;
servants, hired men, transient persons who
have directed that their letters shall be deliv-
ered at a particular house, or a particular
hotel, while they are sojourning in a particu-
lar city? They are passing through the coun-
try, and they have given directions that their
letters shall be sent to particular places. Now,
they cannot carry boxes along with them and
stick them up on their doors. They have no
doors upon which to put boxes. They have
no local habitations. It is unfair to provide
that nobody shall receive the benefit of the
free-delivery system except those who may
provide in some way a box with a slit in it
for the reception of letters.
The committee again divided upon the
amendment of ' Mr. Butleb, of Massachu-
setts ; and there were—ayes twenty, noes not
counted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. As mem-
bers in voting seem to make this a party ques-
tion, I do not propose to insist upon a further
count.
So the amendment of Mr. Butler, of Mas-
sachusetts, was not agreed to.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman, when the Com-
mittee of the Whole was in session upon this
bill on Friday last, the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means [Mr. Dawes] pre-
sented—probably very opportunely—a state-
ment 
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I insist that
the rule be observed, and debate confined to
some pending amendment.
Mr. VV00i3. Iam now speaking in accord-
ance with the custom of the Committee of the
Whole.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to
remind the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wood] 
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will withdraw his point. If there was
any mistake in the figures which I submitted
the other day, I would be glad to know it.
Mr. WOOD. In speaking at this timel but
follow the example of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires that
there shall be no misunderstanding in this
matter. The point of order having been raised
by the gentleman from Ohio, the Chair must
remind the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wood] that as this bill is a special order his
remarks must be confined to the measure under
consideration.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would remind
the gentleman from New York that the re-
marks of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] were made the other day before
the consideration of the bill by paragraphs
had been begun ; general debate was then pro-
ceeding. But now that we have taken up the
bill by paragraphs, debate must be confined to
the specific items under consideration.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman, I think that
the very remarkable statement which has ema
nated from the Committee of Ways and Means
through its organ, the chairman, as to the
