1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
667
42d Cong....2d Sees.
Extension of Ku Klux Act—Mr. Thurman.
Senate.
had a majority in both branches, and there-
fore I say it was a Republican Congress. But,
sir, what was the distinction in Mr. Buchan-
an's mind? This, and it is a fundamental
one: if we could treat these States in seced-
ing in their corporate capacity as States, and
make war upon them as Slates, and coerce
them as States, then it would follow that upon
putting them down the conquered States would
be annihilated. That very State entity which
is essential to the existence of the Govern-
ment, without which the Constitution can have
no effect, without which there can be no Sen-
ate, that very essential part of our Govern-
ment, the State, would cease to exist, accord-
ing to Mr. Buchanan's idea, if you could make
war upon them as States-, because then, if you
conquered and put down the rebellion, it
would be a conquest and annihilation of States,
and not a suppression of an insurrection of
individuals. That was the broad distinction,
and that distinction, so far from being disre-
garded, was recognized by both branches of
Congress by almost atx unanimous vote in the
famous Crittenden resolution.
But, sir, not only that, I will show from the
mouth of the Senator from Indiana himself
that that denounced doctrine was the doctrine
upon which Mr. Lincoln and the Congress of
the United States acted from the beginning
of the war to the end of it, and it was not until
after the war was over that the doctrine that it
was a war upon the States as States ever
obtained any foothold in either branch of
Congress.
To show that Mr. Lincoln entertained pre-
cisely the same view that Mr. Buchanan did ;
that he regarded the secession of these States
not as the act of States, but as the rebellion
of individuals; that he did not, in putting
down that rebellion, assume to coerce States,
but simply to put dowu the insurrection or
rebellion of individuals; and to show that that
was the view of Congress and of the Senator
from Indiana, 1 will send up to the desk and
ask to have read a passage from a well-known
speech of the Senator, delivered alter the war
closed—-his speech at Richmond, Indiana, on
the 20th of September, 1865.
-In that speech he unwittingly fell into the
same error about Mr. Buchanan that he has
announced here to-night, but he stated what
was the ground on which Mr. Lincoln acted,
atid what was the ground upon which Con-
gress acted; and I say, as I have already
shown to the Senate, that that was precisely
Buchanan's doctrine, to wit, that the war was
not a war between the Federal Government
and the States, but that it was a war between
the Government on the one side, and on the
other individuals who were in rebellion against
the Government, and who could not shield
themselves under any State authority what-
soever. 1 ask the Secretary to read what I
have marked in the speech of the Senator
from Indiana, delivered September 29, 1865.
The Chief Cierk read as follows:
" Negro Suffrage.
"I come now to speak more properly on the sub-
ject of negro suffrage. The Constitution of the
United Stat es has reierred the question of suffrage
to the several States. Xhismay have been right, or
it may havo been wrong. I merely speak of the
subject as it stands, and say that the question oi
sufirage is refeired by the Constitution to the sev-
eral States. It first provides that such persons as
had a right to vote by the laws of the State for a
member of the most numerous branch oi the State
Legislature should have a right to vote lor mem-
bers of Congress. It then, in another provision,
declares that the State may, in anv manner they
may see proper, appoint or elect their presidential
electors, so that the whole question oi suuiago uas
by the Constitution from the beginning been re-
ferred to the several States. 2*ow, it has been pro-
posed by some to avoid the operation of this pro-
vision by excluding luembeis ot Con .ress irom tho
southern States unul such time as they stunt incor-
porate iiegrosuffrage in their State constitutions, to
say to them, ' We will keep you out of your seats
until such time as the State from which you come
shall amend its constitution so as to provide for
negro suffrage.'
" Conquered Provinces.
" This is one way in which to avoid the force of the
constitutional provisions. There is another plan,
and that is the theory which regards these States as
being out of the Union, and holding them as con-
quered provinces, subjeet to the jurisdiction of Con-
gress like unorganized territory, saying that Con-
gress has the power to provide for calling conven-
tions in these States just as in the Territory of
Dakota, and may prescribe the right of suffrage
ana determine who shall vote m electing delegates
to these conventions, just as in the Territory of
Dakota: that it may then determine whether it
will accept the constitution offered, as might be
determined in the case of any other Territory.
" I will not stop to argue this question at length,
but I will say this: that from the beginning of the
war up to the present time every message of the
President, every proclamation, every State paper,
and every act of Congress has proceeded upon the
hypothesis that no State could secede from the
Union; that once in the Union, alwaysin the Union.
Mr. Lincoln in every proclamation went on thepnn-
ciplethat this war was an insurrection, a rebellion
against the Constitution and laws ol the United
States: not a rebellion of Slate*, but a rebellion of the
individuals, the people of the several southern
States, and every man who went into it was person-
ally and individually responsible for his acts, and
could not shield himself under the action or author-
ity of his State. He wenton the principle that every
ordinance of secession, every act of the Legislatures
ot the rebel States in that direction was a nullity,
unconstitutional and void, having no legal force or
eiiect whatever, and that as these States were ac-
cording to law in the Union, their standing could
not be affected by the action of the people; that the
people ot these States were personally responsible
lor their conduct, just as a man is responsible who
violates the statute in regard to the commission of
murder, and to be treated as criminals, just as the
authorities though' proper; that the people of a
State can forfeit their rights, but that so far as their
action is concerned, in a legal point of view, tksy
had no power to affect the condition of the State in the
Onion. Every proclamation and every act of Con-
gress have proceeded upon this hypothesis. Mr.
Buchanan started out with the proposition that this
was a rebellion of States. He said we could not
coerce a State. Our reply was. we have nothing
whatever to do with States ; lee will coerce the people
of the States, holding every man responsible )or his
"This was our answer to Mr. Buchanan. Upon
this hypothesis we have just put down the rebel-
lion. But it is now proposed by some that we shall
practically admit that the southern states did
secede; that they did gooutof the Union ; thatthe
work of secession was perfect, was accomplished;
that the States are out ot the Union ; that a govern-
ment de facto was established, and that we now
hold these States as couqueied provinces, just as we
should hold Canada if wewereto mvudeit and take
possession of it. As a consequence of this doctrine,
Jeff. Davis cannot be tried for treason, not because
he is not a traitor, not a violator of the law, but the
head of a government de facto— the ruler of a con-
quered province, and we have no more power to try
him for treason than we would to try the Governor
of Canada lor such an offense in case he should fall
into our hands during a hostile invasion of his ter-
ritory. That is what this doctrine leads to. It leads
to a thousand other evils and pernicious things never
contemplated m the nature ot our Government.
" The Rebel Debt.
"Another consequence which would flow from the
admission of that doctrine (and I propose to argue
that at some other time) would be that we would
be called upon to pay the rebel debt. If we admit
that these States were out of the Union for. onemo-
ment, and were to be regarded in the light of belli-
gerents, it would be insisted upon at once that when
we took them back we took them with their debts,
as we would take any other conquered province or
State. X do not propose to argue that question any
further at this time.''
Mr. THURMAN. Now, Mr. President,
you see what the Senator from Indiana
thought was the nature of the war, what he
said President Lincoln thought was its nature,
what he said Congress thought was its nature;
and what is that? That it was not a war
against States; that it was not a war of States;
but that it was a war between the Government
and individuals who were in rebellion. It is
true he made a mistake m declaring thai Mr.
Buchanan said it was a war against States.
Mr. Buchanan said no such thing as that;
but Mr. Buchanan stood on precisely the
same ground that the Senator here bays Mr.
Lincoln and Congress and himself stood
upon, that it was an insurrection of^ indi-
viduals, that you had a right to put that insur-
rection down, and that the person's engaged
in it would be guilty of treason, but that you
could not coerce the entity called the State
itself; that is, you could not make war upon
it as you would upon a foreign State, and,
overthrowing it, overthrow that entity,- the
State itself. That is the whole of Mr. Black's
opinion, and I was amazed at my friend that
that false charge which has been made against
Mr. Buchanan again and again, which has
been again and again corrected, corrected
since his death by Attorney General Bl^ck
himself, should be repeated here.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow
me a moment?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I stated the position of Mr,
Buchanan correctly in that speech. i stated
the theory upon which we had put down tha
rebellion correctly. Mr. Buchanan did treat
it as a rebellion of States in this message, and
denied the power of Congress to coerce the
States; and nowhere in this message did he
draw the distinction that my friend has made,
but he put himself clearly against the power
of Congress to put down the rebellion, treat-
ing it as a rebellion of States. Mr. Buchanan
did not propose to treat it as a rebellion of the
people independent of the States. I wish to
read one further extract from this message,
following just after the conclusion of that
which I read. Mr. Buchanan said :
" But if we possessed this power"—
That is, to coerce the States to remain in
the Onion—
"would it be wise to exercise it under existing cir-
cumstances ? The object would doubtless be to pre-
serve the Union. War would not only present the
most effectual means of destroying it, but would
banish all hope of its peaceable reconstruction.
Besides, in the fraternal conflict a vast amount of
blood and treasure would be expended, rendering
future reconciliation between the States impossible.
In the meantime who can foretell what would be
the sufferings and privations of the people during
its existence?"
Mr. Buchanan took the ground that it wan
a rebellion of States, that we had no power to
prevent it, that it would be unwise to do so if
we had, and that we should let them go; that
they could not be held by war. There is the
fatal error that led to that rebellion.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator says that
was the fatal error that led to that rebellion.
That message was sent to Congress after seces-
sion had begun ; and that message, I say again,
must be taken with subsequent messages which
Mr. Buchanan sent to Congress; and he has
shown himself in the work which he published
before his death, and his Attorney General has
also shown, that he did not deny the power to
put down the insurrection, treating it just aa
Lincoln and just as Congress did, as an insur-
rection of individuals. To say that he erred
in his prognostic of the future proves nothing.
To say that his prophecy has not been realized
is only to say that he was hnman. The lan-
guage he used, or rather the ideas be ex-
pressed, are substantially the same that were
expressed by General Hamilton in the Con-
vention that framed the Constitution. In his
speech in that Convention, General Hamilton,
in as strong, nay stronger, language than was
used by Mr. Buchanan, treated the idea of
coercing States, of maintaining the Union by
war. as simply an absurdity. Does the Sen-
ator doubt the patriotism of General Hamil-
ton? Does he deny that he was a friend of
the Union? He might just as well deny that
as to deny that Buchanan was its friend.
But, sir, was Mr. Buchanan alone in his
opinion? The Senator talks about who gave
encouragement to the South to secede. Why,
sir, the first public man of any importance in
this country that ever acknowledged the right
of secession was John Quincy Adams; no,
be was not the first; Josiah Quincy was tha
first, when the subject of the purchase of
Louisiana was under consideration. In that
