3408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
visions exist by local laws for the continuance
of the State elections, which State elections
begin on the same day appointed by existing
law for the choosing of electors, to vote from
day to day during the time prescribed by State
law for the choice of eleciors. And it will
occur to the House that under certain circum-
stances this would be needful to enable the
people to have a fair and full election, other-
wise they will be hurried and interfered with
by the local business at the same poll, by the
election of State officers it may be. The
object of this bill is manifestly to secure to
the people a fair and full election. That is all
there ia of it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman two questions: tirst, whether there is
anything in any of the laws of those Stales to
prevent a fair vote being cast in a single day?
Secondly, whether the tendency of this con-
tinuing of elections from day to day has not
been found to be a fruitful source of fraud?
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand that in sev-
eral of the Slates by existing law there is pro-
vision preventing the closing of the general
State election on one day, but it is to continue
for several days. I only speak from general
recollection, but tny impression is that such is
the case in the State of New York. At all
events, such is precisely the condition of things
in the State of Texas. Now, will the House
say that the choice of presidential electors shall
be closed on one dav, commencing on the same
day on which the State election commences,
which State election is to continue for several
days? It must occur to the House without
my suggestion that to do so would compel all
the voters in the State in which such provision
of law exists to appear on the first day of the
election, to wit, the Tuesday next after the
lirst Monday in November. It must be appar-
ent to the House that this bill is simply 111 the
interest of a fair election by the people of elect-
ors in the States where such a provision exists.
Mr. EI,L>RK,DGE. Allow me to suggest to
my colleague on the committee, [Mr. Bing-
ham,] and also for the benefit of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Hoi.maN,] a still further
reason; that is, that it, is an impossibility for
the voters all to get together on one day.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is what I suggested
at the outset.
Mr. ELDHEDfrB. It is an absolute ab-
surdity to require it.
Mr. HOLMAN. Why?
Mr. BINGHAN. They are remote from
the polls.
Mr. HOLMAN. Cannot they have a greater
number of precincts?
Mr. ELDliliDGK. They might have the
same number of precincts and as frequent,
and have the districts as small as they do in
other States, but that is not the fact, aud
therefore the necessity for this law.
Mr. BINGHAM, "l yield to the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] for a lew minutes.
Mr. BECK. I desire to say this in behalf
.-ofilie passage of this bill: I know from invest;
igations into the subject that in the Slate ol
Texas under the law as it now exists there can
. be but one polling place in a county. The Legis-
lature cannot meet until after the next, presi-
dential election, and under those cii eumstances
it would be impossible for all the voters in one
county to cast their ballots in one day. In
the county of Washington, one of the counties
to which our attention was called in the con-
test decided yesterday from the State of Texas,
there were over six thousand voters. To com-
pel six thousand voters to vote at one ballot-
box in one day is, as this House must know,
an impossibility. To require it would neces-
sarily result in one party driving the other
from the polls, and would involve great con-
fusion and conflict.
Mr. HOLMAN. This statement, of course,
shows the absolute necessity for the passage
of this bill; but it has not been known, I pre-
sume, to most gentlemen here that there were
many portions of the United States where
there have been allowed so great embarrass-
ments in the exercise of the elective franchise.
Mr. BINGHAM. By the revised constitu-
tion of Iowa, according to my recollection,
the State election in the presidential year is
held on the day fixed by national law for the
presidential election.
I yield to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Cox.]
Mr. COX. I desire to say that never until
there was a change in our suffragans, never
until the colored people became voters, did
we ever have an election held in this country
continue for more than one day.
Several Memhkhs. Oh, yes.
Mr. COX. At any rate, such must have
been the case but very rarely.
Mr. ELDHEDGE. Three days werejorm-
erly allowed for elections in the State of New
York, the State of which the gentleman is a
Representative.
Mr. KANDALL. And that was as late as
1830.
Mr. COX. We are more enlightened now.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The people of New
York were quite as intelligent then as now.
A representation embracing such men as Silas
Wright and Preston King might, 1 think, be
considered equal to the present representation
from the State of New York.
Mr. COX. Well, sir, the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Eumiedue,] who left New
York for the benefit of the State, need not be
so sharp upon me.
Mr. ELDHEDGE. The gentleman went,
there, I presume, to lend the ofl'ulgenee of his
intellect, to that, people.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin could only get a little of that effulgence
ho might make a better-mannered speech here
this evening.
Mr. Speaker, I never knew in the western
country or in the eastern country any Stale
where an election was required to be held
during more than one day. Until this new
element,—I will not say what—-entered into
our politics, it was never considered neeessary
that four, live, or six days should be allowed
for the purpose of voting. Of course in
'Texas they have had three days for ail elec-
tion; and we had a beautiful illustration of
that mode of voting in the contested-election
case decided here yesterday. 1 ilo not, propose
to legalize any such proceeding by Federal
legislation.
More than that, Mr. Speaker, I do not pro-
pose by any vote which I may giv-* here to
override by Federal legislation the Stato laws,
which oughtto regulate this matter of suffrage.
This measure seems to be part ol a system by
which it is contemplated to bring to b. ar upon
the States a sort of coercion in this matter,
compelling them to be uniform. I would go
for the largest liberty on the part of the local
governments in this matter ol huflrage It
gentlemen choose to pass this bill, very well;
they will see the result, perhaps, in the next
presidential election.
Mr. BINGIIAM. I yield three minutes to
the gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Giuiuxgh.]
Mr. GIDD1NGS. Mr. Speaker, the passage
of this bill, so far as the Stale of Texas is
concerned, is an absolute necessity. By the
law of the State, as now in force, but one
place of voting is allowed in each county.
The counties are large. Some voters have
to travel in some of the frontier comities
from thirty to seveniy-five miles to get to the
voting place. 'The Legislature of our State
cannot convene until after the next election.
There is no legislative body at present in ex-
istence there. An election held in one day in
the State of Texas under the present State law
would be simply a farce. It is a matter of
impossibility to poll at one- place the entire
vote of a county, even if the people could be
gathered at the place in one day: The old
system of precinct voting has been broken up.
For the last five years but one place of> voting
has been authorized in each county, and four
days have been allowed in which to poll the
votes.
The passage of this bill is an absolute neces-
sity in order to secure a full and fair election
in Texas. No legislative change can be made
in the State law between now aud that time
from the fact no Legislature can convene.
The time allowed the Legislature has expired.
There is no legislative body in Texas, and
none can convene until one is elected in
November next, and by the State law that
election shall occur at the same time as the
election for presidential electors.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. COX. 1 demand a division on the pas-
sage of the bill.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
84, noes 7.
The SPEAKER. No further count being
demanded, the bill is passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on thes table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEPARTMENT Ol? JUSTICE.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the same commitfcce,
reported back u bill (LI. 11. No. 18U1) to amend
an act entitled "An act to establish the De-
partment of .lustice, and for other purposes,''
with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, amends the twelfth
section of the act to establish the Department
of Justice, and for other purposes, approved
June 2^, 1870, 80 as to read as follows:
That it shall bo tho duty of the Attorney <xon-
orjil to make to Congress, at tho commencement of
cach rotfuiarseshion of Congress, a report of tho busi-
ne-v> of slid Department, for the lust, preceding fi^onl
year, nnd ot any ol her matters up pertain ins? thereto
that ho may doom propor, including a statement ot
thoseveral appropriations now, or which inny hero-
after be, placed under its control, tho amount ap-
ptopriated, and a detailed statement, ol tho amounts
used for delVnjMnff tho expenses of the United States
courts m each judicial district; also tho statistics of
crime under the taws of the United States, arid, as
tar as practicable, under the la\vh of the several
States.
The second section authorizes and requires
the .Secretary of the Inferior to lurni^h to the
head ofihe UeparimentofJustiee, from time to
tune, as they may be pubished, a sufficient num-
ber of the copies of the Statutes of the United
States, and the imports of the Supreme Court
of the United States, t"> be by him distributed to
such officers of the courts of the United States
as are now or may hereafter be by law entitled
to receive them ; and all laws or p.tiLsof laws
authorizing the distribution of Mich Statutes
and Reports ofihe Supreme Court, to the oill-
e«rh of the courts of l,he United States by the
head of any other execuiive department of ihe
Government be, and the same are hereby,
repealed.
The third section provides that a register of
such books shall be kept, under the authority
of the head of the Department of Justice,
showing die quantity of each kind received by
him in pursuance of this act; aud it shall be
Ins duty to cause to be entered m such register,
and at the proper time, when, where, and to
whom the same, or any part ol' them, have
been distiibutcd and delivered, and to report
the same to Congress in his annual report.
Mr. UOI./MA.N. i move to add the follow-
ing words to the tirst section, " and the num-
ber of causes, civil and criminal, pending dur-
ing the proceeding in the several coui is of the
United States."
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not see any objec-
tion to it. If it occurs to any member of the
Committee on the Judiciary there is objection
to it I should like him to suggest it. I do not
see there is any
The amendment was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to he
engrossed and. read a third time; and being
