1872.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
4305
Mr. BLAIR. This only confirms what the
District Legislature has done, as I understand.
Mr. SHERMAN. I appeal to the Senator
from Missouri whether he would like to au-
thorize a company to build such a road with-
out more information than this, without any
examination by otjr committee?
Mr. BLAIR. " It has been submitted to the
city government and authorized by them.
Mr. SHERMAN. This road down Ninth
street clear across the avenue?
Mr. BLAIR. The road from the bound-
ary north has been authorized by the District
Legislature, and the other roads, I under-
stand, have been also.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
the construction of a railroad from Seventh
street to the boundary, and so along anywhere
back around to the boundary line, but to
gridiron this city is an objectionable proposi-
tion.
Mr. BLAIR. The railroad to which the
Senator objects goes out into the country, and
the idea is to enable the people to approach the
market-house. The Senator did not object to
gridironing the city with steam railroads. He
found no objection to voting away a part of
the great park to one steam railroad company.
It will be a great convenience to the poor peo-
ple who live in the suburbs and want to get to
the park or to market.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Sen-
ator my objection. I have no objection to one
railroad going out to the boundary, or to a
double-track railroad on any street wide
enough; but this is not that kind of a case. It is
a double road on a parallel line, occupying two
of the principal streets of the city—Ninth and
Seventh streets. Seventh street is now being
put in the best condition of any street in the
city. This proposed road commences at Sev-
enth street and goes out Seventh street upon
the turnpike, which has been built at enorm-
ous expense, thus destroying the pike. It
seems to me a proposition of this kmd ought
to be very carefully guarded, and there ought
to be careful limitations as to the mode of
construction.
I did vote for the proposition to give to the
Baltimore and Potomac railroad a right to
occupy a portion of the park. I did so on the
general ground that I would give to the Bal-
timore and Ohio or the Pennsylvania Central
convenient sites to bring their roads into the
city, and I will vote to allow any company in
the United States that is willing to bring its
road into this city. But this is a matter as to
street railroads which ought to be passed on
only after careful deliberation by the people.
They are a great convenience to the people,
especially the poorer people; but they ought
not to be allowed to occupy more streets than
are necessary. They are an inconvenience to
wagons and carriages; but they ought to be
built wherever they are necessary. There
ought to be one on Fourteenth street and one
on Seventh street. There is no doubt about
that; but this same company ought not to
have the right to build a double-track railway
on Seventh street, and then back to Ninth
street six miles.
Mr. BLAIR. They have not the right to
run on Seventh street, except beyond Bound-
ary street to the boundary of the District.
Boundary street is the boundary of the city,
and they go from there west.
Mr. SHERMAN. My impression is that
the most convenient road to the people of
Washington would be to start from the north
side of Pennsylvania avenue at Ninth street
and run out just as far as they choose with a
double-track road.
Mr. BLAIR. That is what is asked to run
out Ninth street.
Mr. SHERMAN. On the contrary, this pro-
vides for a road on Seventh street, the finest
pike out of the city.
Mr. BLAIR. The Senator is mistaken about
that.
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 270.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know it commences at
Seventh street on the boundary.
Mr. BLAIR. That is at the end of Seventh
street in the city.
Mr. SHERMAN. But Seventh street be-
yond the boundary is the best road out of the
city, and it is now being made into a magnifi-
cent drive.
Mr. BLAIR. That street is very wide, one
hundred and twenty feet wide. There is room
enough for a turnpike or dirt road besides the
railroad. There can be no objection to it in
judgment The Senator voted for allow-
ing a steam railroad to come into the midst of
the park, near Pennsylvania avenue, and I do
not see the objection which can be made by
any one who desires to convenience the poorer
classes of people who live in the suburbs of
the city, and people in the country, near at
hand, who want access to the town and to
market. This road will give them access to
two markets, one on Pennsylvania avenue and
one on Seventh street and New York avenue,
and also to the railroad depot. I can see
no objection to it myself. It is approved by
the Legislative Assembly of the District, and
I hope it will be allowed to pass.
_ Mr. SHERMAN. The first section pro-
vides for a railroad from somewhere in George-
town, the remotest part of Georgetown, along
devious ways and various streets, crossing P
street bridge. Those who have been driving
about here know that that is a very expensive
bridge recently constructed by the District,
and the crossing of a railroad there will be a
great inconvenience ; but if that is necessary
the people must submit to it. Then it author-
izes the construction of a railroad on P street
clear across the city, and also a branch of that
same railroad is to wind around devious ways
along L street, I street, and Sixth street until
it reaches the north side of Pennsylvania
avenue. According to the original proposition
it was to cross Pennsylvania avenue to the new
depot. Then there is another amendment put
on to authorize a railroad from the end of
Seventh street where it crosses Boundary
street clear out to the boundary line of the
District, and then back on Ninth street across
Pennsylvania avenue to the new depot, and
along there until it strikes Pour-and-a-half
street.
I think a proposition of this kind, so import-
ant to the people of this District, ought to be
more fully considered, and ought to be submit-
ted to them sanctioned by their Legislative
Assembly if agreed to by Congress.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It ought to
be kept in mind that a railroad through any
street or avenue virtually surrenders the street
or avenue to the railroad company. All travel
must give way to the cars while they are
passing, and it is very inconvenient for cross-
ing them. Therefore I should prefer a much
smaller scheme to the present one; and for
another reason: a small corporation will keep
their cars and horses in much better order than
a very long road. Where the road is long the
horses become jaded and the managers become
careless, as the Metropolitan road have already,
about their duties. This road is emphatically
a double-endcr. The first branch starts from
Georgetown and comes over here and strikes
Pennsylvania avenue at two points. I am not
going to oppose the road, provided we can get
the proper amendments adopted, and I trust
there will be no objection to the present amend-
ment, and as soon as that is acted upon I will
offer another one.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to the amendment.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I believe a portion of
the road provided for in this amendment covers
the same ground that was reported upon by
the Committee on the District of Columbia for
another railroad some days ago. I should like
to inquire of the Senator from South Carolina
whether that is not the case ?
Mr. SAWYER. I reported the Anacost.ia
railroad bill, which is entirely south of the
avenue, and has nothing to do with this.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I mean the Metropoli-
tan Railroad Company.
Mx\ SAWYER. The Metropolitan Railroad
Company has no part in it, and there is no
proposition here in their favor.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. But I inquire of the
honorable Senator if the bill agreed upon in
the Committee 011 the District of Columbia for
the extension of the Metropolitan railroad is
not over a portion of the ground covered by
one of the amendments to this bill?
Mr. SAWYER. I do not so understand
at all.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I have heard such an
amendment read at the desk.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator is entirely
mistaken.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. Then I should like to
hear the amendment read again.
Mr. STEWART. It need not be read so
many times,
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator will find on
examination that it is entirely a distinct line.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I ask that it be read
before the vote is taken.
Mr. SHERMAN. I want the whole bill
and amendments read.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let me offer
two or three amendments and get them incor-
porat ed.
Mr. SAWYER. If the Senator from Ver-
mont will allow me, I have just sent an amend-
ment to the table which the Senator from Ne-
vada wishes to accept.
Mr. STEWART. Yes, I will accept it as
part of my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from South Carolina will
be read.
Mr. THURMAN. I really want to do what
is right about this matter ; but how can I do it
when I have no light? This is a business upon
which the Senate ought to be enlightened by
the labors of a committee. There are several
considerations. There is not only the question
of where a railroad shall be, but there is the
question whether the persons who ask for an
act of incorporation are persons who intend to
make the road, or whether they are simply
persons who intend to get a charter and sell
the charter, or hold the charter and prevent
somebody else from making the road. Some
investigation in regard to the persons who ask
the act of incorporation, to know whether they
are responsible persons, and intend in good
faith to go on and do the work, and do it
within a reasonable time, is a matter to be
considered by the committee. Now, I do not
know how to vote upon all these questions;
but if it is in order, as I suppose it is, I move
thatthebill, with all the pending amendments,
be referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The amend-
ments have not all been offered yet.
Mr. STEWART. Ihope that will not be done.
Mr. SAWYER. I am perfectly willing that
it shall be done if we have the promise that
there will be action.
Mr. THURMAN. Very well.
Mr. STEWART. We cannot have action.
This puts itoff again. The iron is laying along
the track. It is for the public convenience
that these roads shall be built. Not one of
these railroads is to be 011 any of the fashion-
able streets. They are all put on the outside
streets to accommodate the poor people. I
would like to have the bill amended as we
propose, and then have it read ; and I think
a word of explanation will satisfy every one.
We have spent time on it now, and you will
kill it for 3. whole season if you do not act now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not see why the
proposition of my colleague is not a fair one.
As a matter of course we are all interested
in having railroads here ; but we <io not want
