1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2513
danger menaces our free institutions than the
loss of even millions of dollars annually by
peculating officials, through this debasement of
politics and parlies into organizations seeking
the control of the Government for what can
be made oat of it, that I am thoroughly in
earnest in pressing some measure of reform.
Is it doubted that this private greed is a
powerful if not controlling influence with those
who manage the machinery of party politics ?
Let us consider what evidence we have of it.
One evidence of this is found in the confes-
sion of the opponents of this bill, that it is
necessary to use Government patronage in
order to maintain party supremacy. For my
present purpose I do not need to assent to this
as a correct conclusion. It is enough that both
parties by their conduct as well as their dec-
larations assert their belief that it is true.
This is one fact, and to a certain extent em-
braces nearly if not all the rest. Indeed, the
observation of every one who listens to me
will confirm this statement; that office seeking
for what can be made out of office-holding,
and political activity which is to be paid for
in commissions and perquisites and salaries,
are common and commanding influences in
modern political life.
If I should charge that this was the vice of
the Democratic political organization, my side
of the House would I think at once assent to
it; and they would point to the fact that the
Democratic party first announced the political
doctrine that to "the victor belong the spoils of
the enemy," and to Tammany as thelatestand
most? tremendous villainy to which that doctrine
had led, as the proof that the Democratic
party is, as it has always been, distinguished
for its devotion to this particular portion of its
creed. But what we charge upon our adver-
saries we are slow to believe ourselves guilty
of. In one of Macaulay's essays on the Earl
of Chatham I find this passage:
"Dante tells us that he saw, in Malebolge, a
strange encounter between a human form and a ser-
pent. The enemies, after cruel wounds inflicted,
stood glaring- at cach other. A great cloud sur-
rounded t.liem, and then a wonderful metamorphosis
began. Each creature was transfigured into the
likeness of his antagonist. The seipent's tail divid-
ed itself into two legs, the man's logs intertwined
themselves into a tail. The body of the serpent put
forth, arms; the arms ol the man shrank into his
body. At length the serpent stood up a mu,n and
spake; the man sank down a serpent and glided
hissing away. Something like this was the trans-
formation which, during the reign of George I,
befell the two English parties. Bach gradually
took the shape and color of its foe, till at length
the Tory rose up ereet the zealot of freedom, and
the Whig crawled and licked the dust at the feet
ot power."
Something of this forcible illustration of
Macaulay is true of parties in this country in
the history of the last forty years. If the
Democratic serpent has not yet changed its
nature and risen erect the zealot of freedom
and of honesty, I fear the Republican party
has partially changed from its noble human
shape and its erect and lofty championship
of honesty, and sometimes crawled and licked
the dust at the feet of the distributors of pat-
ronage. The Republican party carried on all
its banners, in all its platforms, and in all its
public declarations of principles before it
came into power, denunciations of these very
vices of the Democracy. If there was one
thing more than another always excepting
the opposition to slavery—which distinguished
the party while it was a minority, it was
its condemnation of the official corruption ot
its political adversaries, their tyranny of party
discipline, and their prostitution of all the
powers and resources of the Government to
the advancement and enrichment of Demo-
crats and Democracy; and if there was one
person more than another who was ^hen de-
tested by his Republican fellow-citizens, it was
the person who, for the sake of an office or a
Government contract, would abandon his
opinions and sell his political influence to
maintain that party in power. I think the
phrase "dough face" grew into some popu>
42i) Cong. 2d Sess.—-No. 158.
larity as a fit characterization of the pliancy
and plastic character of the individuals who
gave their political influence to maintain sla-
very, receiving as their reward probably riches,
and certainly earning the contempt which such
sale deserved. I have a right, therefore, to
assume that all the early teachings of the Re-
publican party, all its honored traditions, alj
the grand truths it formulated into statements
of principles while it was gradually winning its
way in the confidence of the people, and push-
ing its victories toward the control of the Gov-
ernment, are hostile in spirit and in letter to
the highwaymen's motto, ''He has a right to
plunder who is able to overcome."
Yet when the Republicans took possession
of the Government, in 18G0, they made a clean
sweep of the offices, and did practically act
upon this same spoils" theory ; and I regret
beyond measure that such a melancholy de-
parture from every principle they had before
advocated was at once evident. There was,
perhaps, a partial excuse for it in the trying
and extraordinary emergency which confronted
President Lincoln. The Democratic party, as
such, seemed in league with treason, and the
very life ofthe Government appeared to depend
upon the fidelity to Republican principles of
those in office as well as of the people every-
where. Yet those who witnessed the rush of
office-seekers to the national capital at the in-
auguration of Mr. Lincoln will not soon forget
it. Travelers in the East tell us that when ail
elephant or a buffalo is shot by the hunter
almost instantaneously, from every point ofthe
compass, out ofthe cloudless sky, in which but
the moment before not a bird was to be seen,
descend a cloud of vultures to prey upon the
carcass. From a height beyond the reach of
human vision their trained eyes catch sight of
the victim, and with swift and powerful pin-
ions they sweep with the speed of an arrow on
their prey. This is perhaps not an inaptillus-
tration of the throngs of office-seekers from
every part of the country that swept down on
Washington and darkened the doors of the
White House in pursuit of the spoils at the
commencement of jMr. Lincoln's first term.
How they harried that patient and long-suffer-
ing President I will let Mr. Lincoln himself
tell. One month after his accession to office
he said:
" I wish I could get time to attend to the south-
ern question; I think I know what is wanted, and
believe I could do something toward quieting the
rising discontent, but the office-seekers demand all
my time. I am like a man so busy in letting rooms
in one end of his house that he cannot stop to put
out the fire that is burning the other. Sitting here,
where all the avenues to public patronage seem to
come together in a knot, it does appear to rne that
our people are fast approaching the point where it
can be said that seven eighths ot them are trying to
find out how to live at the expense of the other
eighth."
And to his former law-partner, Mr. Hern-
don, he said:
"If ever this free people; if this Government,
itself is fiver utterly demoralized, it will come trom
this wriggle and struggle for oliice; that is, away to
live without work."
Shall I be told that in this lam condemning
the Republican party? Well, sir, 1 am con-
demning the Republican party so far as an
organization it is guilty of the offenses I
describe ; 1 am condemning the Republican
party so far as it is following the corrupt and
corrupting example of its political predeces-
sors in the control of the Government; I am
condemning the Republican party so far as
it treats offices as the reward of mere party
service; I am condemning* the Republican
party so far as it asserts or acts upon the
theory that a party or a man beaten in aa
election is on that account to be treated as
an euemy conquered in war ; I am condemn-
in«- the Republican party so far as it upholds
or°defends the system which gives millions
annually in moieties, perquisites, and profit-
able jobs to political friends as 9. reward for
political service or political influence; I am
condemning the Republican party whenever
and wherever it takes from the Treasury of
the United States the money which belongs
to the whole people, and should be used in
relieving the heavy burden of the public debt
and to lighten the load of' taxation under
which the nation labors, and puts that money
into the pockets of the political or personal
favorites of anybody, or uses it to make up
an election fund with which to carry on politi-
cal campaigns. So far as the Republican party
permits such practices while it has control of
the Government it deserves to be condemned ;
and if it cannot reform itself, and banish from
its administration of affairs the pestilent and
infamous doctrine of the spoils, it will sooner
or later be disowned by the people, and will
meet, as it will merit, an overthrow as signal
and as crushing as that which has befallen
Tammany.
I know many gentlemen do not share with
me in the apprehension that much danger will
come to the Government from this method of
managing parties and carrying election by the
use of other instrumentalities than appeals to
the intelligence and patriotism of the people.
But my observation leads me to no such calm
and hopeful conclusion. The Democratic
party was an honest party when it took pos-
session of the Government more than forty
years ago. For thirty years it had nearly un-
interrupted control of national affairs, the
Whig party only coining into power at two
distant intervals. To what did this spoils
doctrine bring the Democracy? Did it not
make that party the pliant instrument of the
slaveholder, until the whip on the plantation
was hardly less potent in drivingthe trembling
slave to his work than the slaveholder's lash
in conventions and iti Congress in driving to
their appointed task the subservient northern
ally of the slave power? Do gentlemen not
remember against what tremendous oclds at
the beginning the battle of freedom was fought,
when a free press was destroyed in Illinois
and fiee speech was smothered m Boston by
mobs, and of the earlier champions of the
slave some gave their lives for the cause, and
all put in peril their reputation and fought as
in a forlorn hope? It was ''the spoils" of
party and "the spoils" of commerce that
held the North back for years in the war on
slavery.
But commerce would have been soon help-
less against the rising tide of public sentiment
and an awakened public conscience had not
the power of a party army, with its officers
fed and paid and bribed out of the public
Treasury by the spoils, with a subordinate in
every hamlet North and South, cracking his
party whip in every election preciuct 111 the
country, been able still to nold back the nation
from the work that lay before it, liven the little
taste which the Whig party had of the spoils
in 1818 so debauched and debased it that four
years later, in its platform, it surrendered all
its manliness and nobility, and, like the hu-
man form Dante saw in his vision, crawled
and licked the dust at the feet of the slave
power, emulating its old antagonist in its pros-
tration and abasement. Many of its great men,
its chiefs and statesmen, shared in its humilia-
tion, and the party which had often in its his-
tory uttered grand words in behalf of liberty
was defeated; having sold its birth-ri^ht for a
mess of pottage, it was cheated out of its pay;
and it died, as Webster died, broken, disap-
pointed, and with its fame^ sullied by the dis-
honor which the love of office brought upon it.
And what of the Democratic party ? Are
the administrations ot Fierce and Buchanan
forgotten, and the prostitution of the party
through every agency it could command and
by the most unblushing use of the spoils to
its work of making slavei'y national and free-
dom sectional? Thebusiness was completely
understood and thoroughly systematized, and
a more generally subsidised and well-drilled
army than this Democratic party never charged
a breastwork or stormed a fort, until the issue
