1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
669
42d Cong...2d Sess.
Extension of Ku Klux Act—Mr. Thurman,.
Senate.
never was a high spirited and intelligent peo-
ple since man was made who submitted as
quietly, as patiently, as the people of the
South submitted to all your mandates, whether
they approved them or whether they did not.
The only thing that excites wonder is that
they did submit as quietly and as patiently as
they did. They had made war for a doctrine
in which they believed. They had proved their
belief by staking everything that is dear to
man—life, fortune, and sacred honor. They
maintained the war for four years against as
fearful odds as any people ever encountered;
odds that high military authority has de-
declared was as ten to one. They thus proved
their devotion to what they believed to be a
righteous cause. But when they were de-
feated, when at length they were overwhelmed
and compelled to surrender, then, from one
end of the South to the other, they did pre-
cisely what by the articles of capitulation
their generals promised they would do: they
laid down their arms; they went to their
homes ; they engaged in the pursuits of quiet
and peaceful life; and from the Potomac to
the Rio Grande not one guerrilla band was or-
ganized ; nay, not one hand was raised against
the Government.
Instead of prolonging the struggle by guer-
rilla warfare, as they might have done, greatly
to the detriment of the country, those south-
ern soldiers went quietly to work, submitting
to the terms imposed upon them by the arti-
cles of capitulation, and believing that so long
as they kept their parole they would not be
molested; and not one of them, so far as I
know or have heard, has ever broken that
parole. In view of these facts it is a most
unjust accusation to say that the southern peo-
ple did not submit in good faith, and did not
quietly and peacefully and patiently endure
what was placed upon them. They did so
submit, and did quietly bear their burdens,
until at last not only injury, but insult as well
as injury, was heaped upon them, and even
then their resistance took no shape of armed
force, but employed only the peaceful weapon
of the ballot against measures which in their
hearts and judgments they condemned.
Ah, but. says the Senator from Indiana, if
they had only done as we, the Republicans,
advised them, and then he went on to say what
they ought to have done. He said that if the
property-holding and intelligent men in the
South had only done as the Republicans wanted
them to do, they, the property-holding and in-
telligent southerners, would have divided the
negro vote, or tiie negroes would have voted
with them, and they would have had no trou-
ble. They would have got control of the State
governments; the carpet-baggers and scala-
wags would have had no chance; and the
thieving, robbery, and oppression that have
taken place would never have existed. Mr.
President, it is a pretty high compliment the
Senator pays to those distinguished and intel-
lectual property-holding rebels when he says,
in substance, that if they had got t%e power
there would have been honest government in
the South; if they had got the power there
would have been no such Stealing and plun-
dering as this report discloses. I do not think
that the Senator was aware of what a compli-
ment he was paying them. But he i5s perfectly
confident that if they had only done as the
Republicans desired them to do the intelligent
and property-holding elapses in the South
would have got eorttVoi of the State govern-
ments, and all would have gon6 as smoothly
as a summer's sea. Yes, sit-, if they had done
as you wanted them; that is, if they had joined
the Republican party, it is very probable that
negro suffrage would not have been forced
upon them; if they had voted th'e R'eptaMibari
ticket from the time the war closed it is very
probable that there #ouW hAve been no re-
construction; and it is simply because they
did not vote that ticket that they have been
subjected to the series of measures whose
result has been so disastrous to them and to
the country. You passed your reconstruction
laws; you overthrew the States; you deprived
them of the rights guarantied by the Constitu-
tion ; you denied them representation on this
floor; you put them under military law; you
divided the South into five military districts,
and gave to five military commanders, five
brigadier generals of the Army, the most abso-
lute power that one man can exercise over his
fellow-beings.
You did all that, and why? Because those
people did not " follow your advice;" that is,
in plain English, because they did not vote the
Republican ticket. That is the gist of the whole
matter, the sum and substance of the whole ar-
gument. But, sir, let us look into some of the
particulars. The Senator says that if Repub-
lican advice had been followed the property-
holding and intelligent southerners would have
got the negro vote. I dare say that if they had
all turned Republicans they would have got the
negro vote, provided the negro had a vote to
give. But would he have had a vote? If you
Republicans had had the white vote in the
South, would you have wanted the negro to
vote, and thus increase the strength of the
South in Congress and in the Electoral Col-
lege? I must be permitted to doubt it. Cer-
tainly the Senator from Indiana would not have
wanted it in a hurry, as is abundantly shown
by his ppeech from which I have read. That
the South, actuated by the spirit of the age and
seeking to increase her strength in the Federal
Government, would ultimately have conferred
the ballot upon the negro, is extremely prob-
able, but that it would have been forced upon
him by the North, and before he had received
any education or training to fit him for the
exercise of such a right, the position taken by
the distinguished Senator, and the powerful
arguments employed by him in his Richmond
speech, fully authorize me to doubt.
But, Mr. President, is it true that the rea-
son why the whites of the South have lost the
negro vote is that they, the whites, did not join
the Republican party? Were there no exter-
nal forces employed to set and keep the two
races at variance ? Let us see.
When the war ended, every instinct of patri-
otism, every instinct of interest and of hu-
manity, required that there should be good
relations between the races. There they were,
destined to live side by side, and bound by
humanity and interest to cultivate good rela-
tions. Butof all men the weaberrace—weaker
in numbers, and weaker, if not by nature, as
some say, at least from want of education and
want of property—of all men they most needed
the friendship of the intelligent, property-hold-
ing, and numerical majority surrounding them.
But they were not allowed to follow the bent
of their inclinations and interest. Had they
been allowed to do so there would probably
have been but slightantagonism between them
and the whites. But you intervened. You
organized what was called a Freed men's Bureau;
yon organized it under the pretense of its being
a charitable and humanitarian institution ; you
supported it with the public money; you ap-
propriated as much, I think, in one year, as
fsl3,OOO,O0Oforthe maintenance of that bureau.
You expended a large portion of that money
for humanitarian purposes. I do not deny
that; i do not doubt it. But this I do believe :
that that Freedinen's Bureau,, which was or-
ganized by the Government, supported by the
Government, and which was ramified into every
quarter of the southern States, was more a
political than it was a humanitarian bureau;
and that the chief function performed by its
officers and by its agents was to organize the
negro vote in opposition to the white people
of the South, and thus to set the two races in
opposition, the one to the other. I believe
that the chief business of that bureau (that
which was most important in the eyes of those
who formed and maintained it for the first two
or three years after the war) was to enroll the
negroes in union leagues, and bind them by an
oath to vote the Radical ticket, and against the
native white men of the 8outh.
It will not do to say that it is the fault of
the southern people that the negroes are
arrayed on one side and the whites on the
other. It is not so. It was your agents,
organized by Government and supported by
Government money, supported by the Treas-
ury of the United States, who organized the
black vote in opposition to the white, and set
the two races face to face against each other,
not as friends, but as foes. That is the truth
of it, sir, and when history comes to be fully
written it will be admitted. And it will not
do for the Senator from Indiana, or anybody
else, to say that the state of things in the
South which has grown out of this opposition
of races, thus arrayed one against the other,
arrayed by the machinery of the Radical
party, arrayed by means of Government
agents and Government money—it will not
do to say that "this state of things has been
produced by the Democratic party or by the
white people of the South.
But to pass on. The Senator from Indiana
reads us a lecture, his old lecture over again,
about opposition to reconstruction. Why, sir,
the Senator was opposed to the reconstruction
measures of Congress almost as touch as I was.
The Senator in 1865 was opposed to them
almost as much as was any Senator on this
floor. Let us see how he then stood. Mr.
Lincoln had h?.d his plan of reconstruction.
Unfortunately for the country, most unfortun-
ately for the country, he was assassinated. Had
he lived, I firmly believe, although I never was
one of his supporters, that we should have bad
peace long ago. Unfortunately for the coun-
try he was assassinated, and the presidential
office devolved upon Mr. Johnson, who had
not the influence in the country that Lincoln
had. What did Mr. Johnson do? He pro-
posed to carry out Lincoln's reconstruction
plans, only he was not as liberal as Lincoln
was; he was more stringent than Lincoln was.
What came of that? There had been devel-
oped in Congress an opposition to Lincoln's
plan. It took the form of what was called
the " Winter Davis bill," which passed both
branches of Congress, but failed to receive the
approval of the President. Congress and
Lincoln were thus at issue. Had Lincoln
lived, I think he would have beaten Con-
gress; t think that a majority of the people
of his party would have been with him. Un-
fortunately he died, and a man from a south-
ern State became President, and when he took
up precisely the plan of reconstruction that
Lincoln had proposed, only making it a liule
more stringent, then the congressional party
grew in strength, and Johnson, having no such
power among the people as. Lincoln had, was
in the end forced to th<5 Wall.
But where did the Senator from Indiana
Stand in that contest beforfc it became evident
that Congress would tritiHlph over the Presi-
dent? He Mobd Side bjr side with Andrew
Johnson, and id direct opposition to Congress ;
and the strongest speech ever made in America
a^iust the reconstruction policy of Congress
was niadfe by the Senator—the same speech
from Which the Clerk has already read; ihe
stHmgMtsbeeci ever made against your policy
was made by him.
I know that afterward, when the congres-
sional party became stronger than the execu-
tive party, and when, therefore, it triumphed
in Indiana, the Senator changed his opinions
and was returned to this body, and that ha
