1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
721
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I renew
the amendment. Mr. Chairman, for the first
time in the history of this Government the
Administration has adopted toward the Indi-
ans on our frontiers a humane policy. So
far as I am able to judge of that policy, it is
resulting in good, and is proving beneficial
both to the Indians and to the safety of the
frontier settlers in our Territories. The policy
adopted by the Government of the United
States toward the Indians since its foundation
has been one which has led to the extermina-
tion of the Indians. Whole tribes of red men
have become extinct, and we now for the iirst
time have entered upon a policy which 1 trust
and hope will be thoroughly tried before it is
rejected.
The gentleman who last occupied the floor
informs us that if we spend the 56,000,000
now expended to keep peace on the frontier,
in paying the Army to exterminate these In-
dians, that will be the true plan to produce
peace. Sir, that is the policy that our country
has pursued for more than fifty years, and
there has been one continued scene of blood-
shed on our frontier with the extermination of
the Indian tribes and with no peace to our
frontier settlers. We are the aggressors on
these Indians. They are as susceptible of
friendship as a white man. They are influ-
enced by kindness as are white men, and if
we will adopt the principle of justice and kind-
ness toward these people I believe that we can
get along without any more Indian wars in this
Country. At any rate, I am in favor of try-
ing this policy which has been inaugurated in
the country, and giving it a very thorough
trial before we rcject it and lurn again to the
sword and the final extermination of this un-
happy race of people who are found in our
continent.
Mr. CONNER. Mr. Chairman, in reply-
ing to the gentleman from Missouri who has
just spoken, I have one word more to say, and
it is this: all that we expect, and all that we
ask, is that when these Indians are put upon
reservations, and these large sums of money are
appropriated for their support there, they shall
be kept on these reservations ; and when they
leave the reservations and make their period-
ical incursions upon the frontier settlements,
disturbing the quiet of those communities,
killing men, women, and children, stealing
horses and driving off our droves of calUe,
that then either the civil or mililaiy authority
may be permitted to lollow them on their
return to their reservation, capture them, and
take and try them, either by a military com-
mission or by a jury, whichever you please.
Mr. LxVMPOUr. I would ask the gentle-
man if he would have the Indians do the
name towaid white men who committed dep-
redations upon liicm?
Mr. CONNER. I will answer the question
by saying that if a man in New York commits
a murder and flees to Texas the Governor of
New York makes a requisition upon the Gov-
ernor of Texas for the return o[ the fugitive
from justice, to be dealt with by the courts of
New York. When an Indian commits a dep
redation and (alls back upon the strong arm
ofthe military at Fort Sill to protect him, we
want that military authority to turn him over
to us to be tried before a jury, as we did with
the two Indian chiefs last summer, who cap-
tured a wagon train loaded with supplies for
their reservation, and having killed the wagon-
ers, afterward attempted to kill General Sher-
man when he was down there on a visit.
The general had heard of the capture of
the wagon train, and feeling satisfied that the
Indians from the reservation had done it, ho
sent for some of the leading chiefs to inquire
into the matter. The Indians became enraged
at the presumption of the general, as it was
not in accordance with the prevailing peace
policy to which they had been accustomed,
and 1 am informed that one of them drew his
tomahawk and attempted to kill the general,
42i> Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 46,
and would have done so but for an officer who
shot the Indian down on the spot. The other
Indians who were implicated in this outrage
were put in irons and sent to Jack county and
tried and sentenced to be hung, but I believe
the Governor has commuted their sentence to
imprisonment in the penitentiary for life.
Mr. LAMPORT. Will the gentleman tell
us if he thinks these Indian tribes should be
allowed to follow white men who commit dep-
redations upon them, and take them and deal
with them according to their rules andcustoms.
Mr. CONNER. If a white man goes upon
a reservation set apart for these Indians, I
would have him tried by the authorities there,
be they what they may. The Indians havono
courts; they have no authorities of their own
to deal with such matters; you have men there
representing them. In the first place, white
men do not go upon the reservations; they are
notallowed there; they have no business there.
They do not go there except when they go to
furnish supplies to the Indians, or to gut into
this little ring that has the handling of these
$0,000,000 which you expend every year for
the Indians.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SARGENT. 1 ask that the reading of
the bill may be proceeded with. This debate
is general in its character, and not germane to
any particular portion of the bill. 1 ask that
the reading of the bill maybe proceeded with
until four o'clock, at which time I propose to
move that the committee rise.
Mr. CONNER. 1 withdraw my amendment.
Mr. SllANlCS. 1 renew it, for the purpose
of calling the attention of the Commiit.ee of
the Whole to the fact that these wrongs to the
Indian tribes grow out of the fact that the In-
tlians have no remedy against them. 1 would
ask you to put the white people of this country
in the same condition that these Indians have
been. Suppose that they for two hundred years
had been here, without courts, without pro-
tection, with no power to obtain justice. I
ask you if the white people of the country
would not to-day be savage at the end of two
hundred years, instead of being intelligent, and
civilized? And do you expect that men who
were then savages would under this treatment
become civilized? We are told that the In-
dians are not enlightened to-day. Of course
they are not. It would inako savages of you,
Mr. Chairman, and of the members of this
committee, to be treated as they have been.
And you now attempt to withhold IVoin tnein
the paltry pittance that keeps their lives in
them, when you have taken from tliein all the
means by which they and their ancestors have
been able, to make a living hero'olbre.
These people, not being civilized, have de-
pended for a subsistence upon their hunting-
grounds. Those hunting grounds have been
taken from them by the white people of this
country, by the advancing waves of civiliza-
tion. 1 do not object to that, but when that
is done I would call attention to (he (act that
those people are still human, and should not
be trampled upon and denounced because they
are not strong, when you have made them
weak. Your ancestors, in the days of their
weakness, bowed down before those Indians
when they were strong, and asked favors of
them. To-day you would out the throats of
their descendants because you are strong and
they are weak. I do not speak against the
attempt to civilize these Indians, but I speak
against the practices which have been pursued
by the agents of the Government, who got
them in the condition they are now in, in
order that they could plunder them.
I do not charge that upon the nation, but I
do charge it upon the management of those
who have controlled the Indians. The Indians
have been the victims of a system of plunder.
It has well been said by the gentleman from
Texas [Mr. Conner] that they have no courts ;
and the reason that they have had no courts is
that the occupation of those who have preyed
upon them would have been gone long since
if the Indians had been allowed the protection
of courts. But you have kepi them in a con-
dition in which they could not prosper, and
you now denounce them because they have not
prospered.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. TAPFE. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman one question before he takes his seat:
If an Indian goes into a white man's stable in
broad daylight and takes away that white man's
horse, while the Government is paying an an-
nuity to that tribe, 1 would like to know what
remedy the white man has under the law ?
Mr. SHANKS. Under the statute of 1802,
which was remodeled in 1834, the white man
could make application to the tribe through
the Indian agent and get an estimate of the
amount of damages, and if the tribe refused
to pay, the papers would be certified to the
national Government; and until 1859 the Gov-
ernment was responsible for the loss in such
cases. But in 1859 Congress took away that
responsibility of the national Government; but
there is still by law the right of redress against
the tribe, and the claim is settled here at the
Interior Department, if application be mij,de
within three years.
Mr. TAFFE. I submit, with duo respect
to the gentleman, that as a matter of law he
is altogether mistaken. 1 hold that to-day if
there are a thousand Indians in a tribe, nine
hundred and ninety-nine of whom are on
the ''war path," they can commit depreda-
tions and still receive their annuity from the
Government under existing laws ; and no white
man has any remedy for any of their depreda-
tions.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. Let mo
say on this point 
The CHAIRMAN. There is no amendment
pending. The genLleman from Indiana [Mr.
Shanks] has been speaking while there was
no amendment pending.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Cox
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had under considera-
tion the bill (H. R. No. 1192) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses
of Ihe Indian department, and for fulfilling so-
culled treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes for theyear ending June 80,1873, and for
oth'T purposes, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
KLKCTION (IONTBST IiOf.ES VS. EDWARDS.
Mr. HAZLEl'ON, of Wisconsin. I am
directed by the Committee of Mentions to
pre-.en' n repotl in the contested-election case
of I!,iles vs. Edwards, from the third congres-
sional district of Arkansas. 1 ask that, the
resolution appended to the report be read,
and give notice that I shall to-morrow call up
the case for the action of the House.
The' Clerk read as follows:
Kvmlval, That Thomas Boles is entitled to the
sent m the l'orty-Seooiul Congioss froui the third
district of tho State of Arkansas, now occupied by
John Edwards.
The SPEAKER. Is there a minority report?
Mr. HAZLETON, of Wisconsin. There is
not.
govkunmbnt oi? tub district.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I hold
in my hand a letter of Rev. J. \V. Green, an
old colored minister of the gospel in this Dis-
trict, asking that certain charges which he
makes in regard to the management of Dis-
trict affairs may bo inquired into. I ask that
this paper be referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia, for their investigation
in connection with the inquiry into the admin-
istration of District affairs.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the paper will be so referred.
There was no objection.
