670
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 21,
Senate.
Extension of Ku Klux Act—Mr. Tliurman.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
distinguished his advent here by a speech in
favor of congressional reconstruction. Yes,
sir, after the victory was won, tlie Senator
stepped into the ranks of the conquerors and
carried off the triumphs, carried off the lead-
ership of his party in the Senate, if not the
leadership of his party in the whole Union.
The old leaders were quietly shoved aside,
and this new convert to the doctrine of con-
gressional reconstruction became the chief
high priest of the faithful.
1 will give the Senate a little literature on
this subject. You well recollect that it was a
fight between Congress and Johnson. Now,
what said the Senator in regard to-- that? I will
not trouble the Senate to listen to all of this,
[holding up Mr. Morton's Richmond speech,]
although it is very pleasant reading. I will
give a sample that will suffice to show what
the rest is. I will thank the Clerk to read the
passages I have marked, beaded "President
Johnson."
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
*4 Mr. Johnson was elected by the Union party of
this nation, and is entitled to have that party sup-
port his administration, unless he shall commit
' some important error, or shall depart, in some im-
portant and vital particular, Jrom the principles
upon which he was electcd. An impression has
gotten abroad in the North that Mr. Johnson has
devised some new policy by which improper facil-
ities are granted tor the restoration of the rebel
States, and that he is presenting improperly and
unnecessarily hurrying forward the work of recon-
struction, and that he is offering improper facilities
for restoring those who have been engaged in the
rebellion to the possession of their civil and polit-
ical rights. It is one of my purposes here this even-
ing to show that so Jar as his policy of amnesty and
reconstruction is concerned he has absolutely pre-
sented nothing new, but .that he has simply pre-
sented and is simply continuing the policy which
Mr. Lincoln presented to the nation on the 8th of
December, 1863. Mr. Johni-on's amnesty proclama-
tion differs irora Mr. Lincoln's in some restrictions
it contains which Mr. Lincoln's did not contain. Ihs
plnn of reconstruction is absolutely and simply that
of Mr. Lincoln, nothing more or less, with one dif-
ference only, that Mr. Lincoln required that one
tenth of the people ot the disloyal States should be
willing to embrace his plan of reconstruction,
whereas Mr. Johnson says nothing about the num-
ber, but, so far as it has been acted upon yet, it has
been done by a number much greater than one
tenth.
"I believetheone thing that has contributed more
to cast suspicion upon Mr. Johnson's plan than any-
thing else is the fact that it has been, to a great ex-
tent, indorsed by the Democratic party. That may
be regarded by very mmiy as a suspicious circum-
stance, but I am sure Mr. Johnson is not responsible
for it. The Democratic party could not live another
year upon the policy on which they have been act-
ing—the policy of opposition to the war and against
the suppression of an insurrection aimed at the life
of the Government. Now the cause of the Union has
triumphed, the Democratic party finds that it can no
longer stand upon its old ground, and hence in New
York, in the recent Democratic convention, they
not only adopted a Union platform, but with one
bingle exception they nominated Republicans for the
offices, and that exception was John Van Buren,
who had been everything by turns and nothing in
particular."
Mr. THURMAN. Now, will the Senate
remember what they heard to-night from the
Senator from Indiana, that these troubles in
the South arose from the fact that the Demo-
cratic party had been opposed to the recon-
struction measures which had been adopted ?
And yet, according to the passage just read,
he and the Democratic party in September,
1865, stood shoulder to shoulder supporting
the reconstruction policy of Andrew Johnson,
and he then said that the Democratic party
had deserted its old p'atform and old prin-
ciples and stood on it Union platform, or
words to that effect. Well, "consistency is
a jewel."
But truih compels me to say that the Demo-
cratic party indorsed neither plan of recon-
struction, neither the Johnsonian or the con-
gressional. They stood upon the Consti-
tution, which was all-sufficient, and which
was violated by each of the plans, as they
believed.
i have shown you, Mr. President, what was
the opinion of the Senator from Indiana in
1865 as to these much-lauded reconstruction
measures of Congress, or rather what was his
opinion of Johnson's reconstruction, which
was, he said, exactly the same as Lincoln's,
except that it was not quite so liberal to the
South, and Lincoln, according to the Sen-
ator, was Johnso'li's prototype.
Then the Senator in that speech proceeds to
make objections to the congressional plan of
reconstruction, and, among other things, he
opposes with the most cogent arguments the
idea of giving the negroes in the South the
right to vote. I know he has attempted to ex-
plain that away since then, but the attempt
only recalled to our memories a figure of
speech that I believe was used by Mr. Webster
in regard to Mr. Calhoun, that his effort to do
a certain thing reminded him of " a strong man
struggling in a morass." I was forcibly re-
minded of that figure when I once heard the
Senator from Indiana attempting to explain
his opposition to negro suffrage, which he so
powerfully expressed in this speech.
But there is one thing about that which I
must read to the Senate, and it shall be very
short. I read it because the Senator read
from the report of the minority of the Ku
Klux Committee a passage in which a war of
races is predicted in case this state of things
down South shall continue; and the Senator
said that he was utterly shocked at such senti-
ments, and he expressed the utmost indigna-
tion and the utmost surprise that they were
found in the report. Now, Mr. President,
wheie do you suppose that the writer of that
report, or "views of the minoiity," got that
idea? Right from the Senator from Indiana,
right from this very speech of his. That thing
which excited his indignation so much, which
utterly shocked and appalled him, is precisely
the tiling that he himself said, precisely the
course of his reasoning, only so long ago as
1805. In that speech, after opposing negro
suffrage and predicting that if it. were estab-
lished the negroes would be in the majority
in some of the States, and asserting that they
would hold the balance of power in the coun-
try, he said:
" Colored balance of power.
"Very well, say some, that is all very well, if we
can get the negro to go there. But let me say that
in such case the colored States would be a balance
ot power m this country. I ask, is it desirable to
havea colored State government ? I say it is not; it is
not for many reasons. On ('.reason is that such States
would continually constitute a balance of power.
They would be bound together by the strongest tie
that ever binds mentoge'her, the tie of color and
of race, tho tie of a downtrodden and despised
race. As three hundred thousand slave-holders, by
a common tie, were able to govern this nation for a
longtime, so four million people, bound together
by a much stronger tie—despised by the whole world
as they have been—would constantly vote and act
together, and their united vote would constitute a
balance of power that might control the Govern-
ment of the nation."
Mark what the Senator said then and what
he says now. They, the negroes, vote together,
he says to-night, because the white people of
the South did not take possession of the State
governments, as they ought to have done and
might have .done by joining the Republican
party. But in 1865 he said that the instinct of
race would make the negroes vote together,
and that they would hold the balance of power
in the countiy. And then he said :
"I submit, then, however clearly and strongly we
may admit the natural rights of the negro, X submit
it to the intelligence of the people, that colored
State governments are not desirable; that they will
bring about results that are not to be hoped for;
that finally they would threaten to bring about, and,
I believe, would result in a war of races."
That is exactly what the minority of this
committee say. They have taken the idea
bodily from this very speech; and yet the Sen-
ator is now terribly shocked, and his indigna-
tion prodigiously excited, when he looks into
the face of his own offspring.
But, sir, that is not all. He has to-night
drawn a picture of what would have been the
condition of the South if the southern white
men of property and intelligence had only
done as he advised them to do ; that is to say,
(to go to the marrow of it,) had only joined
the Republican party. Then there would have
been such an exodus from the North, and such
a flow of migration to the South, as would
have astonished the world.
In this prediction his philosophy was not
very correct. If he had looked into the statis-
tics of emigration, he would have found that
people emigrate on lines due west, or nearly
so. The New England emigrant, asageneral
rule, is to be found west of New England, the
Pennsylvanian west of Pennsylvania, the New
Yorker west of New York, and so on to the
end of the chapter. We have a region in Ohio
lying west of Pennsylvania in which there is
scarcely a man to be found who is not a Penn-
sylvanian or the descendant of a Pennsyl-
vanian. We have another region that belonged
to Connecticut, in which almost every man is
a Connecticut man or the descendant of a Con-
necticut man. We have another region in the
southern part of the State in wffich the people
are mainly Virginians or the descendants of
Virginia,ns. That is the way migration takes
place in this country. It never has tended in
any large degree from north to south or fro-m
south to north.
But, sir, what said the Senator in his Rich-
mond speech? Not laying at the doors of
southern white men any of the errors or
offenses with which he charges them to-night,
but speaking of what would be the effect of
giving to the negro the right to vote, he
said that the effect of so doing would be to
prevent any white man of the northern States
or of Europe from immigrating to the South;
that it would not only prevent their migra-
tion to the South, but it would expel hun-
dreds and thousands of white men from the
South. That was what he said in I860. Giv-
ing the ballot to the negro would, according
to his then expressed opinion, not only pre-
vent immigration to the South, but would
produce a perfect exodus of white men from
the South. But now, after suffrage has been
given to the negro, and he has become a polit-
ical "balance of power," the Senator sees
nothing in his status to deter immigration to
the South. On the contrary, it is the white
man, he tells us to-night, who prevents it. It
is the ridiculous independence of the white
southerner, his perverse inclination to vote
according to the dictates of his own con-
science and judgment, that creates all the
difficulty. But for that there would now be
in the South so many intelligent, strong, stal-
wart, white men of the North, with vast
treasures in their carpet-bags, that the South
would enjoy a prosperity unknown to her in
her palmiest days, and never imagined in the
most daring flights of her fancy.
Mr. President, I know that I ought not to
read this Richmond speech of the Senator. I
know that the statute of limitations has run
against it. But the Senator would not allow
the statute to run in our favor. He would go
back of the war; he would go back of 1860;
he would not allow any statute of limitations
to bar his charges against his adversaries, and
therefore he cannot complain that the bar is
not allowed in favor of himself.
Mr. President, I do not stand here to con-
demn the Senator from Indiana for his incon-
sistency. I know that there are only a few
"old Bourbons" like myself who have been
consistent; and we are "perfectly laid out."
[Laughter.] At least, so say our Radical
friends. Every day they tell us that we are
dead; that we stand like mile posts on a
deserted roadj and, for aught I know, they
may be right.
I will not, therefore, since consistency is at
