722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
leave of absence.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina, Mr. De Large, has, by letter to the
Chair, requested indefinite leave of absence.
There being no objection, leave was granted.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio, obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the House the peti-
tion of Thomas Worthington, asking compen-
sation for supplies furnished at Camp Denni-
son during the war.
Mr. WOOD obtained leave to withdraw from
the files of the House papers in the case of
Ellen J. Bros man.
camp mojavk, arizona territory.
The SPEAKER, byunanimous consent, laid
before tho House a communication from the
Secretary of War, in relation to the relief of
citizens expelled from their homes at Camp
Alojave, Arizona Territory ; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
And then, on motion of Mr. SPEER, of
Georgia, (at three o'clock and fifty-live min-
utes p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
com mittees:
By Mr. BEATTY: The petition of William
Kiglitlinger, of Union county, Ohio, asking
a pension from the date of his disability.
By Mr. COBB: The petition of Joicey Elder,
for arrears of pension.
Also, the petition of John B. Weaver, late
collector of the seventh district of North
Carolina.
By Mr. COBURN: The petition of many
citizens of Indianapolis, asking the passage of
a bill increasing the pay of letter-carriers.
By Mr. liLY: The petition of the widow of
Charles Porstner, for a pension.
Also, the petition of the trustees of the Elev-
enth Ward Savings Bank, of New York, for
the repeal of the lux on deposits.
By Mr. OAliFIELD, of Ohio: The petition
of soldiers and sailors, to modify the home
Stead law.
By Mr. HAVENS : The petition of Frances
A. Russell, widow of Tompkins O. Russell,
for a pension.
By Mr. MclIENRY : The memorial of citi-
zens of Breckinridge county, Kentucky, late
soldiers in the Army, praying that public
land allowed them, under the act of July 15,
1870, be granted them without the require-
ments of settlement and cultivation prescribed
by said act.
Also, the memorial of citizens of Grayson
county, Kentucky, late soldiers, praying the
passage of House bill No. 452.
By Mr. MEBRJAM: The petition of Hon.
James A. Bell, of Jefferson county, NewYork,
praying the passage of a law authorizing tho
reissue of Government bonds destroyed by
fire.
By Mr. .MITCHELL: The petition of O.S.
Head and others, asking an appropriation for
the harboi of Kenosha, Wisconsin.
By Mr. PACKARD: The petition of many
late soldiers of the volunteer army, of Stark
county, Indiana, for the equalization of boun-
ties and for soldiers'' homesteads.
By Mr. RAINEY. The memorial of rep-
resentative colored citizens m convention
assembled at Columbia. South Carolina, in
October last, praying the passage of the sup
plemental civil rights bill.
Also, the petition of T. J. Minton, W. B.
Naslt, S. A. Swails, B. A. Boseman and others,
colored citizens of the State of South Carolina,
praying the passage of the supplemental civil
rights bill.
Also, a concurrent resolution of the Gen-
eral Assembly of South Carolina, praying the
passage of the supplemental civil rights bill.
By Mr. ROGERS: The remonstrance of
workers in iron, and citizens of Saranac, New
York, against a change of the tariff on such
articles as are produced in this country, and
praying the repeal of the duties on tea and
coffee and other articles of comfort or neces-
sity that are not produced in the United States.
Also, two remonstrances of citizens of Black
Brook, New York, against a change of the
tariff on such articles as are produced in this
country, and praying the repeal of the duties on
tea and coffee and other articles of comfort or
necessity that are not produced in the United
Statss
By Mr. SAWYER: The petition of Abner
Kirby and 380 others, citizens residing on the
Menomonee river, Green bay, Wisconsin, ask-
ing an appropriation to complete the harbor
at the mouth of the Menomonee river.
By Mr. SUTHERLAND: The petition of
C. M. Garrison, president of the Board Trade,
and 4'2 business firms of the city of Detroit,
for the passage of the bill introduced by Hon.
Leonard Myers, to increase the salary of
letter-carriers.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio : The petition
of 254 soldiers of the late war, praying tho
passage of a law giving to all honorably dis-
charged soldiers, sailors, and marines, and to
the heirs of those who are deceased, $8 33;^
per month for the time served, deducting
all Government bounty heretofore paid ; also,
that, the act approved 15th July, 1870, be so
amended as to allow soldiers or sailors to enter
the amount of land therein allowed without the
requirements of settlement and cultivation.
post route bills introduced.
The following were introduced under the
rule, and referred to the Committee on th^
Post, Office and Post Roads :
By Mr. STOWELL: A bill to establish a
post route from Barksdale's Depot, in Halifax
county, Virginia, to Spring Garden, via Hall's
Cross lloads, in Pittsylvania county, Virginia.
Also, a bill to establish a post route from
Wolf Trap to Omego, Halifaxcounty, Virginia.
By Mr. WlIIfELEY : A bill to establish cer-
tain post routes in the States of Georgia and
Florida.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 31, 1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WRIGHT presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Iowa, asking the passage of an
act granting the right to build a bridge over
the Mississippi river at Clinton; which were
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the petition of
George Frederick Bollier, guardian of the
minor children of Frederick, Ernst Dietrich,
of Minnesota, praying that a pension may be
granted to them; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Air. POMEROY presented resolutions of
the Legislature of Kansas, asking that aid be
granted by the General Government for the
construction of a ship-canal around the falls
of Niagara on the American side; which were
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Air. SCHUliZ presented a petition of citi-
zens of Alissouri, soldiers in the late war, pray-
ing the passage of an act equalizing bounties
and bounty lands; which was referred to the
Committee on Aliiitary Affairs.
Air. SUMNER. I present the petition of
Bernkard Bernstein, of the State of Alabama,
representing that he was originally a Russian
subject, and that going to Russia after he had
given notice of his intention to become an
American citizen he received outrages from
Russian officials; that he has complained of
those outrages to the Department of State, and
has got no answer to liis complaint, and now
he appeals to Congress,. I move the refer-
ence of the petition, which states the facts, to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is this a petition
from an American citizen or a Russiancitizen?
Air. SUMNER. It is from a Russian by
birth, but an American citizen; or certainly, if
he has not completed his naturalization, he
has taken the first steps.
The VICE PRESI DENT. The Senate hav-
ing heard the explanation of the Senator, the
petition will be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, if no objection be made.
Air. SUMNER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Virginia, asking the immediate passage
of the supplementary civil rights bill; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
New York, asking the passage of the supple-
mentary civil rights bill; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Air. SHERMAN presented the memorial of
workers in the Ironton rolling mill, citizens
of Ironton, Lawrence county. Ohio, against a
change of the existing tariff laws abating or
abolishing duties upon such articles as are
successfully produced in this country ; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Air. SCOTT. I present a similar memorial
to that presented by the Senator from Ohio,
from twelve hundred and ninety-one operatives
in the American iron-works, citizens of Orms-
by borough, Alleghany county, Pennsylvania.
Numerous petitions of this character have
been presented, and 1 take occasion to say
of this one that these petitioners are work-
men who are surrounded by a large number
of establishments that are sometimes termed
monopolies. They seem to be well acquainted
with them, have no fear of them, but desire
that they shall be continued as contributing
largely to the prosperity of the country at
large and of workmen in particular. I move
the reference of this memorial to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Air. SCOTT presented a memorial from
miners of bituminous coal, citizens of Centre
and Clearfield counties, Pennsylvania, against
a change of the existing tariff laws abating
or abolishing duties on such articles as are
successfully produced in this country; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CORBETT. 1 present the petition of
soldiers of the late war, asking that they be
given one hundred and sixty acres of public
lands wherever they may be fouud, and that
patents may be issued to them tho same as for
a homestead. I move the reference of the
petition to the Committee on Public Lands or
the Committee on Aliiitary Affaira, whichever
is the most appropriate.
Air. POAIEROY. The Committee on Public
Lands have reported a bill on that subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not exactly in
accordance with the prayer of this petition,
perhaps.
Air. POMEROY. I have no objection to
the reference of this petition to that commit-
tee, but that is probably the only bill they will
report on the subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Oregon will name the committee to which
he desires to have the petition referred.
Air. CORBETT. The Committee on Public
Lands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so
referred.
Air. CORBETT presented a memorial of
J. H. Rinehart, D. J. Woodward, James Hen-
dershot, and one hundred and fifty others,
citizens of Union county, Oregon, concurring
with other citizens of Oregon in asking aid for
the construction of the Portland, Dalies, and
Salt Lake railroad ; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
