16X8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
tleman. This comes under the division of
special agents. The number of special agents
that the Post Office Department shall have is
not limited; that matter is within the discre-
tion of the Postmaster General, the only limi-
tation being in the amount of appropriation.
This amendment simply gives a larger amount
to an officer who may be the organizing force
of these special agents, devoted entirely to the
subject of mail depredations.
Mr. HOLMAN. But the salary is now fixed
by law.
Mr. PALMER. The law fixes the pay of
a special agent at $1,600, together with his
traveling expenses, and an allowance, in the
discretion of the Postmaster General, not ex-
ceeding five dollars per day. Three dollars is
the amount generally allowed.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does this exceed the salary
allowed ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is only that some
man shall remain in Washington and supervise.
Mr. HOLMAN. There is no such man
known to the law by this name.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There is none.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is then virtually creating
a new office.
Mr. PALMER. By the custom of the De-
partment there is such an officer ; but there is
no such officer known to the law.
Mr. HOLMAN. Very well, let it go; and
we will have a vote on it in the House.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For miscellaneous items, $1,500.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to move an amend-
ment to the bill at this place, to which I do not
think there will be any objection. It is for
the purpose of removing a doubt.
The Clerk read as follows:
The bond of any married woman who may be
postmaster shall be binding upon her and her sure-
ties, and she shall be liable for misconduct in office,
aa if she were sole.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to offer
two sections which I send up to the Chair, and
which I have been unanimously authorized by
my committee to report, but which I do not
think I shall have the opportunity to report in
a separate bill. They relate to the inouey-
order business, and are very necessary.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 9. That the postmaster of every city where
branch post offices or stations are established and
in operation, subject to his supervision, is hereby
sMtboriMsd, under the direction of the Postmaster
General, to issue, or to causo to be issued, by any of
his assistants or clerks in chargo of branch post
offices or stations, postal money orders payable at
his own or at any other money-order office, or at any
' 'branch post office or station of liis own or of any
other money-order offico, as the remitters thereof
inay direct; and that the postmaster and his sureties
shall in evciy ease bo held accountable upon his
ofScial bond for all moneys received by him, or his
designated assistants or clerks in charge of stations,
from the issue of money ordors under the provisions
of this act, and for all moneys which may como into
his or'their hands, or be placed in his or their cus-
tody by reason of the transaction by them of money-
order business; and all the provisions of law now
in force respecting the issue and the payment of
money orders, and the disposal of pioney-ordcr
funds in the custody of postmasters, shall apply to
all money orders issued under the authority given
by this act, and to all moneys received from tho
issue thereof.
Sec. 10. That the Postmaster General is heroby
authorized to cafise to be placed to the credit of tho
Treasurer of the United States, for the service of
the Post Office Department, tho net proceeds of the
money-order business, and that the receipts of the
Post Office Department, derived from this source,
during each quarter, shall be entered by the Auditor
of the Treasury for the Post Oflico Department in
the accounts of said Department under.tho head of
"revenue from money-order business."
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to
the reception of the amendment?
There was no objection, and the amendment
was received and agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 2. That the following sums, or so much there-
of asmay be necessary, be, and the same arebereby,
appropriated for the year ending June 30, 1873, out
of any money in IheTreasuiy not otherwise appro-
priated, namely:
For steamship service between San Francisco,
Japan, and China, $500,000,
Mr. CONGER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to mov-e the following
amendment:
In line two, page 5, strike out all after the word
China,'' and insert in lieu thereof $1,000,000:
Provided, The steamship company shall perform
said service semi-monthly in ships of American
construction."
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
state it.
Mr. HOLMAN. My point is there is no
law authorizing this increase of compensation
to this mail steamship line. And, Mr. Chair-
man, I desire to submit this remark, that this
does not come under the rule in reference to
carrying on a Department of the Government.
I have before me the law authorizing the appro-
priation of $500,000 proposed to be appro-
priated by this bill. By the terms of that law
the sum is limited to $500,000.
Mr. SARGENT. I would call the attention
of the Chair to the rule on page 16 of the
Manual.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to have read the
law under which the appropriation is now
made, so that the point may be fairly presented.
I submit that this does not come under the
rule referring to appropriating money for car-
rying on the Departments of the Government,
for the appropriation is made under a specific
law which limits the appropriation to $500,000.
The law will be found on page ISO of volume
thirteen of United States Siatutes-at-Large.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Be it enarJed, That the Postmaster General
be, and ho is hereby, authorized to invite proposals
by public advertisement, for the period of sixty
days, in one or more newspapers published in the
cities of Washington, Now York, Philadelphia, Bos-
ton, and San Fancisco, respectively, for mail-steam-
ship servico between the port of San Francisco in
the United States, and some port or ports of the
Chinese empire, touching at Honolulu, in the Sand-
wich islands, and one or more ports in Japa.n, by
means of a monthly line of first class American sea-
going stoaruships, to be of not less than three thou-
sand tons burden each, and of sufficient number to
perform twelve round trips per annum between said
ports, and to contract with tho lowest responsible
biddei for said service for a term of not more than ten
yoars, to commence from the day the first steamship
of tho proposed line shall depart from the port of
San Francisco with the mails for China: Provided,
That no bid shall be considered which shall amount
to more than SS'JO.OOO (or tho twelvo round trips per
annum, nor unless tho same is from a citizen or citi-
zens of tho United Slates, and accompanied by an
offer of good and sutlieient sureties (also citizens of
the United States) l'or the faithful performance of
such contract."
Mr. HOLMAN. The point I submit is that
the present appropriation is only allowable in
an appropriation bill, because it is expressly
provided by law. That law limits tho appro-
priation to §500,000, and there is no law
authorizing an appropriation above that sum.
The general rule in reference to carrying on
the Departments of the Government has no
application to the specific carrying out of alaw
which fixes the amount to be appropriated.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has no doubt
as to the decision to be given upon the point
of order. This is in continuation of an appro-
priation for a public work now in progress.
It is also, in the judgment of the Chair, one of
the appropriations for carrying on one of the
Departments of the Government, to wit, the
Post Office Department. The Chair therefore
overrules the point of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I very respectfully appeal
from the decision of the Chair. The question
is of such vital importance that I feel impelled
to take that course.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holm ax] has appealed from the
decision of the Chair. The question is, Shall
tho decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the committee?
The question being taken, there were—
ayes eighty.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not insist on further
count.
So the decision of the Chair stood as the
judgment of the committee.
Mr. WOOD. May I ask the Chair whether
I correctly understood him to lay down as a
rule that where a salary or the amount of a
contract was fixed by act of Congress it was
competent in an appropriation bill to increase
or decrease the amount?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair ruled that-
this was a continuation of an appropriation
for a public work now in progress, and that it
was also an appropriation for the contingen-
cies of one of the several Departments ot the
Government, to wit, the Post Office.
Mr. WOOD. Does the Chair hold that a
line of steamships is a public work?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that
carrying the mails of the United States is a
public work.
Mr. CONGER. I yield to the gentleman
from California, [Mr. Saugent.]
Mr. SARGENT. I suppose that no more
interesting proposition than this can be brought
to the attention of the American Congress.
There are four hundred million people across
our western or Pacific sea just feeling the
need of all the appliances of civilization, our
manufactured articles, and our food. Our
geographical position peculiarly fits us to seize
upon that vast trade. The plan by which this
is to be done is not an experiment. For in
1867, under the legislation of Congress, a line
was authorized and an appropriation made
for the benefit of that line from San Francisco
to Hong Kong via Yokohama, a distance of
seven thousand miles, the ships being from
four thousand to four thousand five hundred
tons register. This line was immediately put
in operation, and has developed an enormous
commerce between this country and the ports
of China and Japan.
Six months after that main trunk line was
established a branch line was run without
further subsidy on the part of the Government,
showing the great amount of this trade, and
its capacity for development. This was a line
from Yokohama to Shanghai, touching at
ports of the inland sea, a line of thirteen hun-
dred miles with vessels of twenty five hundred
tons. At first they run only once in six weeks;
in 18G8, once a month, and this branch line is
now run weekly without further subsidy, thus
establishing a connection with the ports in
northern China, and it has driven off the Eng-
lish and French lines, which before held pos-
session of that line of trade.
Within the last year and by the same com-
pany another branch line has been established
from Yokohama to Hakodadi, pn the island
Yesso, the northernmost of the Japanese
group, a distance of five hundred and fifty
miles, and this has been done, as I have said,
without further subsidy.
Now as to the future connections of this
line: for being brought in connection with
these great peoples we have an opportunity
for the peaceful subjugation or conquest of
the East. Within a year after the establish-
ment of semi-monthly service there will be a
line from Shanghai touching at all ports on
the China coast, by way of Hong Kong and
Singapore to Calcutta, a distance of thirty-six
hundred miles, with vessels of three thousand
tons burden ; also a line from Hong Kong, by
way of Manilla, to Singapore and Batavia,
touching at Saigon in Cochin-China, thus
securing their trade in spices, tobacco, hemp,
&e., a distance of sixteen hundred miles, the
trade to be carried on by vessels of two thou-
sand tons burden.
As I have said, this is only the beginning
of the peaceful conquest of the East, for this
trade is capable of indefinite expansion. If a
semi-monthly service is put on within two
years, a tri-monthly main line can be put on
without further subsidy by Congress, and two
years after that a weekly line without the need
of further subsidy, because the subsidy now
asked for will secure the contractors in the
possession of the route.
Now, a word with reference to our ship-
