1672.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3411
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I wish
only to say that this bill, in substantially the
same language, and I believe the identical
words, has passed the House three times cer-
tainly; and 1 think four.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, this seems
to be a bill similar in characterto bills hereto-
fore passed by the House, on motion, I believe,
of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. BU fLER, of Massachusetts. The bill
has certainly been passed three times before
by the House.
.Mr. HOLMAN. But I think the former bill
was an unconditional repeal.
Mr. BCJTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir;
it was in the same words as this.
Mr. HOLMAN". Now that the general
impression exists in the country that execu-
tive patronage should bein someform reduced
rather than increased, there would seem to
be some reason, if there be no constructional
objection in the way, why this fragment of the
original law should remain in force. I am
aware that the House has heretofore favored
the passage of this bill in this form; and I
suppose it will again. And yet, after three
efforts have been made on the part of the
House to secure this repeal, it seems to me well
enough that we should let this matter rest
until the Senate thinks proper to inaugurate
a measure for repeal.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 differ
with the gentleman. I think it the duty of the
House of Representatives to do their part
toward relieving themselves, and the Execu-
tive, and the country from a law which, if not
unconstitutional in its provisions, yet takes
away a large portion of the proper power and
responsibility of the Executive. The Senate
have appeared unwilling to pass this bill be-
cause it takes away a portion of their power.
That I suppose is the reason why the Senate
have not acted upon the subject. But I want
the Representatives of the people to keepthe
question before the Senate at each session.
No measure of this kind is now before the
Senate. .
Mr. HOLMAN. But does not the bill still
more clearly and fully relieve the Executive
from all restraints in the disposition of exec-
utive patronage; and, so far as it is constitu-
tional to do so, is it not desirable that the
executive patronage should be rather dimin-
ished than increased?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The act
which this hill proposes to repeal does not
relieve the Executive of a single appointment
in any form. The passage of this bill will
restore the Government in this respect to
where it was from the time of Washington
down to the time of Andrew Johnson, when
we had to pass, or supposed we had to pass,
laws to lestrain him.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then the gentleman thinks
that the legislation designed to restrain Mr.
Johnson whs properly enacted, however un-
constitutional ir. may have been, but that it
should now he repealed. ,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 think
it necessary to restrain a mad dog in any way
you can ; when you have him resttanied,_ you
can then come to a normal condition ot things.
Mr. HOLMAN. Under such circumstances
as existed in Mr. Johnson's time the gentle-
man has no objection to violating the Consti-
tution of the United States.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
not said that the act which we now propose to
repeal is unconstitutional, but only that it is
of doubtful constitutionality. I call lor the
previous question. ,
The previous question was seconded ana
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed. ,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
officers acting as attorneys.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, also, from
the same committee, reported a bill (H. R. No.
2774) to prevent certain officers of the United
States and Territories from practicing as attor-
neys or solicitors in the courts of the United
States in certain cases ; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill, which was read, in the first section
provides that no clerk, assistant, or deputy
clerk ofany territorial, district, or circuit court,
or of the Court of Claims, or the Supreme
Court of the United States, or marshal or dep-
uty marshal of the United States, within the
district for which he is appointed, shall act as
solicitor, proctor, attorney, or counsel in any
cause depending in either of said courts, or in
any district for which he is acting as such
officer. The second section provides that
whoever shall violate any provision of this act
shall be stricken from the roll of attorneys by
the court upon complaint, upon which the
respondent shall have due notice and be heard
in his defense; and in the case of a marshal
or deputy marshal so acting, he shall be
recommended by the court for dismissal from
office.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
new trials in court of claims.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, from the
same committee, also reported back a bill
(H. R. No. 630) in relation to new trials in
the Court of Claims, with an amendment.
The bill, which 'was read, so alters and
amends the second section of the act of Con-
gress approved June 25, 1808, entitled "'An
act to provide for appeals from the Court of
Claims', and for other purposes," that here-
after every motion for a new trial in any case
decided by the Court of Claims shall be pre-
sented to said court if in session, or to a
judge thereof in vacation, together with the
evidence and proofs upon which said motion
is founded, within six months after the rendi-
tion of judgment in said case by said Court
of Claims, and not afterward. And it upon
said evidence and proofs the said court or
judge shall be of opinion that iraud, wrong,
or injustice has been done in the premises, the
said court or judge shall order said motion
and proofs to be filed ot record in the case,
and a rule shall be granted to show cause why
a hew trial should not be granted. 'lhe said
court or judge may at the same time, if
deemed necessary and proper, grant an order
staying the payment of^ the judgment until
after the final determination of a new trial, or
until further orders m the premises.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Provided, That in any case wherein the judg-
ment in the Court of Claims has been already ren-
dered the above limitation of six months shall com-
mence from the passage of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
regulation of criminal proceedings.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, from the
same committee, also reported back a bill (H.
E. No. 631) to amend an act entitled " An act
regulating proceedings in criminal cases, and
for other purposes," approved March 8, 1866,
with the recommendation that it pass.
' The bill, which was read, provides that sec-
tion two of the act entitled " An act regulating
proceedings in criminal cases, and for other
purposes," be amended to read as follows:
When the offense oharged be treason or a cap-
ital offense, the defendant shall be entitled to
twenty and the United States to five peremptory
ohallongcs. On the trial of any other felony the
defendant shall be entitled to ten and the United
States to three peremptory challenges; and in all
other oases, eivil and criminal, each party shall be
entitled to threo peremptory challenges; ana in all
cases whero there aro several defendants or sev-
eral plaintiffs the parties on each side shall be
deemed a single party for the purposes of all ohat-
lensses under this section. All ohallenges, whether
to the array or panel, or to individual jurors, for
cause or favor, shall be tried by the oourt without
the aid of triers.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I' do not
know to what extent the bill changes the pres-
ent law. In capital cases for treason the num-
ber of challenges the defendant is to have is
seven and the Government three, and in other
cases, such as for murder, by this provision
the Government is to have three challenges
and the defendant ten. My recollection of
what the Government is entitled to is different.
I believe in most of the States of the Union
the number of challenges the Government is
entitled to is greater than is here provided.
Can the gentleman from Massachusetts recall
any instances where it is desirable that the
Government shall, for the purpose of securing
a fair trial, have such a number of challenges'!
There does not seem a very good reason why
there should be any discrimination. I do not
press that. But there does seem a very good
reason why the difference should not be so
great. I hope the gentleman will state what
is the object of making the reduction.
Mr. BUTLliR, of Massachusetts. We have
not made a reduction. This is the state of the
law: in treason there are allowed to the de-
fendant twenty and to the Government five
peremptory challenges. In other cases this
bill allows the Government three peremptory
challenges, and in trials for felony we give the
defendant ten. We enlarge the right of chal-
lenges of the Government because we have got
so many other crimes besides treason in
which the Government is interested.
In the great right of trial by jury it was not
originally provided that the Government should
have any right of challenge. A man had a
right to" be tried by his peers. But it was
found necessary to modify that in many of
the States, and this is a much more liberal
provision than exists in some of the States.
The bill provides, further, that where either
party has a peremptory challenge in civil
cases, the Government shall have three, and
the other side shall have three. If, as some-
times happens, it should be the case of a dis-
tiller, for instance, a distiller might get on
the jury who might be in the same position
as the defendant. In civil cases in cities,
where frequently we get a merchant on the
jury, he may be as much interested as the
man whose case is being tried, and it is neces-
sary to get him off the jury. We therefore
amend the law by entitling each party in such
cases to three peremptory challenges.
We have also provided, what is not now pro-
vided for, who shall decide upon the chal-
lenges for cause or favor. We provide that all
challenges shall be decided by the court, and
not by triers. In some circuits they are tried
by the court, in other circuits by triers. We
attempt to simplify all that.
We have given greater liberty to the citizen
for challenge, so as to preserve all his rights.
We have endeavored to preserve the rights ot
the Government, and at the same time to pre-
serve the great right of trial by jury intact.
For one, if there is anything I reverence 1
have been taught from my youth up to
reverence this right of trial by jury, I here
