1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2515
be that State, it may come next year or at any
presidential election—no man can tell. If such
a time should come, and charges of fraud or
violence should be made by either side, who does
not, see what tremendous pressure would always
be made by the party in power to perpetuate
itself; and it is hardly necessary to go back to
the time of seating Democratic Senators from
Indiana, or of the Lecompton tyranny, to
understand what that pressure in connection
with the spoils and party discipline might lead
to. One attempt at revolution has come be-
cause a party would not submit to a change
of administration of the Government. Is it im-
possible that we should have another growing
out of the decision of a presidential election ?
These, Mr. Speaker, are some of the perils
in which 1 can but see some danger to the
Republic ; a danger magnified immensely
as parties become corrupt and struggle for
plunder and for class or local interests, and
only reduced to a minimum by the spread of
intelligence among the people, and, in lan-
guage I have already quoted from the consti-
tution of my State, by " a frequent recurrence
to fundamental principles, and a firm adher-
ence to justice, moderation, temperance, in-
dustry and frugality" alike in the people and
in their public servants. Is it not tolerably
clear that the country now needs and will need
in the future some reform that shall make pol-
itics something more nearly allied to states-
manship ; that shall weaken instead of strength-
ening the power of corruption ; that shall
quicken to an unusual sensitiveness the public
conscience ; that shall make officials the hon-
est, servants of the people, and not the mere
managers of primary meetings and conven-
tions ; that shall reward these servants with a
fair compensation, and not allow them to gorge
themselves with plunder ; that shall separate
the political action of the people from the pest-
ilent control of rings-and cliques whether in
the aid of monstrous monopolies or of private
greed : that shall appeal to the virtues and
not to the vices of the electors ; and that shall
contribute something to the work of making
our Government not only strong in its material
forces and enlargement, but great in its fidelity
to the highest types of statesmanship and the
grandest development of man as a rational
and moral being?
Is reform possible ?
The objections to separating office-holding
from partisanship are principally these :
First. It is necessary for the safety of the
Government that the offices should be in the
hands of the friends of the party in power.
Second. It is both proper and right that the
Republicans when in power, and the Demo-
crats when in power, should have the spoils.
Third. The party cannot succeed that does
not thus subsidize its adherents.
The first of these objections would not have
been thought of prior to the late rebellion.
What force it has comes from the freshness
of our recent experience of treason. When
urged by Republicans it assumes that Demo-
crats are enemies of the Government, who
cannot be trusted even to take charge of a
cross-roads post office. Yet we agree that this
is a popular Government, a Government of the
people, and next year it may happen that we
shall have a Democratic President. Who then
will be the friends of the Government? Will
Republicans be changed from friends to ene
inies by the turn of an election ? And would
the country be in danger if Republicans were
then kept in all the subordinate offices ?
But there is neither honesty of opinion or
practical sense in holding the members of an
opposition party, beateu in an election, as
enemies of the Government. If they are they
ought not to be allowed to vote, and we ought
to resist, even at the point of the bayonet,
every attempt they make to get control of the
Government. We associate here every day
with these " enemies;" a Republican Speaker
gives them, with our approval, a representa-
tion on every committee of the House. On
ceremonial occasions they are recognized as
sharing equally with us in whatever concerns
the glory or the honor or the prosperity of the
nation. In negotiating the treaty with Great
Britain, an eminent Democrat, by the appoint-
ment of the President, had an honorable place
on the high commission. Another eminent
Democrat is among the counsel for the United
States before the Geneva commission, and Mr.
Johnson's Attorney General is associated with
him in the work of presenting our "case"
before that tribunal. Democrats hold com-
missions in our Army and Navy, and volun-
teers are not rejected on account of politics
who offer to serve in either arm of our national
defense ; and if another war, either domestic or
foreign, should come, Democrats and Repub-
licans would be expected alike to stand by
the national flag. How preposterous is it,
then, to suppose that an opposition party, as
such, is ail enemy to the Government, and
that our Constitution and the whole fabric of
our liberties would be in peril if any one of
the opposition were intrusted with the smallest
office!
The second objection that the party pre-
vailing in the election is fairly entitled to the
spoils, I have already to some extent con
sidered. However plausible it may seem, it
proceeds upon a fatally erroneous idea of the
uses and sphere of party action, and is most
mischievous in its result. Party is not an
end; it is not good of itself; it is not good
because it announces fmeand captivating prin-
ciples in its platform ; it is only good as an
instrumentality in giving the people a wise and
beneficent administration of public affairs.
Now, what has Democracy, what has Repub-
licanism to do with the proper administration
of the duties of the New York post office or
the New York custom-house. Should the
postmaster or the collector inquire as to the
politics of the merchant receiving a mail or
an invoice of goods, and attend first to those
who subscribe to the Philadelphia convention,
next to those who are going to the Democratic
national convention, and lastly to those whose
faces are turned toward Cincinnati V Is there
any question upon which parties in this
country are divided, which it is necessary to
understand in order to administer faithfully
our revenue laws, or our postal regulations?
In the testimony taken before what is called
the New York custom-house investigating com-
mittee, gentlemen cannot have failed to notice
in tlie examination of Mr. Thomas Murphy,
formerly collector of New York, the follow-
ing:
"Question. Now, sir. suppose a merchant, hasover-
paid his duties, and considers that he is entitled to it
rebate, to whom would he apply tor that—to what
ollicei ?
"Answer. lie would apply to the custom-house
officers; proba.bly he would go 
" Question. What would be his channel of relief?
"Answer. Well, sir, if he was to come to me. I
would send him to Mr. Clinch, and Mr. Clinch would
send hun to the officer m charge of the business.
"Question. Mr. Clinch seems to be a pivot, then?
"Answer. lie is really the practical working col-
lector, sir.
"Question. Let me ask you about Clinch; has he
not been in the oliice for a great many years?
"Answer. Over thirty years.
"Question. Is it not Clinch's long experience that
enables him in this way to become^ the pivot on
which the machinery of that great office turns ?
"Answer. It is, sir; his great experience and his
great integrity. . . ,
" Question. Then it is his experience; it is nis
long tenure of office?
"Answer. He is a great relief and a great comfort
to the collectoi.
" Question. To have such a man of experience and
good character ?
" Answer. To have such a man of experience.
" Question. Kept there steadily attending to pub-
lic business ?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. Is he not allowed to enjoy his own
opinions in regard to political matters '.
"Answer. Mr. Clinch is.
" Question. And lie attends to his duties and does
that publicly and is permitted to remain?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. No matter what might be the ebb and
flow of party?
" Answer, That is so, sir.
" Question. And the result is that the collector
has, as you say, a great, comfort in this officer?
" Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. Who is permitted to serve the public
and yet maintain his personal independence ?
" Answer. Yes, sir; he is an exception to the gen-
eral rule."
Mr. Thomas Murphy is probably more enti-
tled to the thanks of the country for this testi-
mony than for anything it was his good for-
tune to do while he was at the head of the
custom-house in New York. By the help of
pertinent questions he was enabled to state
plainly and in a few words the policy which
has governed appointments in that custom-
house, the most important to the great busi-
ness interests of the United States of any in
the country. That custom-house it appears
had two collectors, the nominal collector, Mr.
Murphy, and the real collector, Mr. Clinch.
Mr. Murphy was a Republican, and could
manage a primary meeting or a convention
satisfactorily to his employer, and Mr. Clinch
was a Democrat, and could attend to the busi-
ness of the office and be "a great relief and
comfort to the collector." Mr. Murphy had a
salary and perquisites of an indefinite amount,
and Mr. Clinch had a salary of $5,000 annually.
Mr. Clinch administered the law and Mr.
Murphy the politics of the office. Mr. Clinch
has remained in the office thirty years, and is
probably now no richer than when he first
took the position, and in the meantime very
likely a score of political collectors have got
rich our, of the place. When Mr. Murphy was
asked if Mr. Clinch was " permitted to serve
the public and yet maintain his personal inde-
pendence," he answered without concealment,
'•Yes, sir; he is an exception to the general
rule." It is possible Mr. Murphy believes the
" general rule" a trifle more extensive in its
operation than it really is, but he certainly gave
it as he understood it. The general rule is that
a person must agree politically with the party
controlling the Government, and with the par-
ticular faction of the party in power, or he is
removed from office, no matter what may be
his fitness for the position. Mr. Clinch for-
tunately is not the only exception to this rule,
as many departments of the public service can
show similar instances. Many such valuable
public servants hold their places while Admin-
istrations come and go, and they hold them not
as personal favors, but because their experience
and knowledge cannot, be spared ; the heads of
bureaus and Departments would not know
what to do without them. And if Mr. Clinch
should not be turned out of his office as as-
sistant collector for being a Democrat, an
"enemy of the Government," is there any
good reason why any one should be removed
from office for that reason ? And if Mr. Clinch
is the real collector of the port of New York,
so far as the business of the office is concerned,
can any one give a good reason why there is
any need of a political collector at all?
The real reason why Mr. Clinch could not be
collector, either under Democratic or Repub-
lican rule, is thus lbicibly stated by a New
York newspaper, the Evening Post:
"Mr. Clinch could not be collector, in the first,
place because he is a Democrat, so that Whigs and
Republicans would not have hint; and in the second
place because he is a conscientious and independent
man. so that impecunious and t-chemmg Democrats
would not hare him: nor would either of them have
any other person oi' similar stamp. It was not a
collector they required at all, _ bat a paymaster,
one who would feed them bountifully at the public
tiou^h and exact no services but at conclaves, con-
ventions, and public meetings. Politics, in their
eyes, is the skillful distribution of pap, and oilices
the kitchens wheie the pap is mixed. Collectors,
Secretaries, Governors, nay, Presidents themselves,
ceaso to be the organs of a higti and almost sacred
function, to bocome the brewers of malt tor a hun-
gry and insatiate brood of followeis. A sordid and
deb.^ed character is given to the entire business of
administration; and Tweeds and Sweenys and Leets
find the way prepared for them to form those com-
binations of rascality and cunning which are popu-
larly known as rings."
It is precisely because this party distribution
of spoils leads inevitably both to the debase-
ment of party and the debasement of officials;
