1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
42d Gong....2d Sess.
Education in the Territories—Mr. McCormick.
Ho. of Reps.
euch a discount, reproach any man very much
•with his inconsistency. I know that my friend
from Indiana, who now finds it difficult to
speak without denouncing the Democratic
party, was once an honored and influential
member of that party. I know that for years
those whom he now denounces were his
friends, and be their friend. I know that the
same doctrines which Democrats maintain to-
day were the doetrines of the party when he
supported it with his great ability, his strong
•will, and his uutiring zeal. I know all that
•very well. I know that for reasons satisfac-
tory to himself he left us. I do not condemn
him for that, if his judgment told him it was
right to do so ; butl do think that when a man
leaves a party that has honored him, a party
witli which be has long acted, a party that has
believed in his sincerity and been influenced
by his advice, he does not appear well in the
rSle of a traducer. God help me 1 If ever I
shall feel constrained to leave the party to
which it has been my pride to belong, however
great may be its errors, however much my
judgment may condemn them, I trust that I
shall never be fouud seeking to blacken its
reputation. I might part with it if I thought
it was radically wrong, and that its errors
could not be corrected within its own house-
hold ; but never shall I be found perverting its
history, misrepresenting its motives, and hold-
ing it'up as a mark for the finger of scorn.
Now, Mr. President, it will not do for any
man who makes such speeches as the Senator
from Indiana has made to-night—speeches
every word of which is calculated to harrow
up the feelings of the people and perpetuate
the animosities of the war—to say, ''1 am a
friend of peace ; " " my motto is ' let us have
peace." " Ah, here again the Senator, who is
now so severe upon the southern people, forgot
how philosophically he talked in that same
Richmond speech. Then the Senator could
reason like a philosopher. Then he did not
a'.tiibute hate or misconduct to the South be-
cause of feelings natural to the breasts of a
conquered people. Then there was no cry
fiom him for vengeance; no cry for martial
law ; no cry for the suspension of the habeas
corpus. Then the Senator could take a philo-
• tophical view of the subject, and, speaking to
his people, he could admonish them thatwhat
followed the war was naturally to be expected ;
that it afforded no just ground of complaint
on their part, much less cause of offense. That
the Senate may see how calmly the Sena-
tor cog Id then reason I will have another pas-
sage trom his Richmond speech read. And
for another reason, because in this passage
the Si-natov truly said that the southern peo-
ple had m good faith given up the contest, and
that there was no longer any idea of a south-
em Sta'i* si ceding, even South Carolina, more
than theie was of the State of Indiana. Icom-
nieud to the Senate this testimony of the Sen-
ator, given in September, 1865, as to the feel-
ings of the southern people. I commend to
your attention, 'Senators, the philosophical
view he then took of the condition and temper
of that people, and which he advised his
hearers to take. And I call upon you to mark
how different was the language he then used
from the expressions, 1 will not say of hatred
but of denunciation, which have so often since
then fallen from his lips. 1 ask the Clerk to
read the paragraph headed "favorable condi-
tion of the country."
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
" I desire, in the first place, to remark that to mo
the general condition ot the country is most, prom-
ising and favorable. I know there are those who
take gloomy views of what is called the work ot re-
construction, but to me the prospect seems highly
encouraging. The war terminated suddenly, and
the submi^ion on the part of the people ol the
southern States has been more complete and surtden
than I had expected. From all I can learn 1 believe
that all ideas of secession and further resistance to
the Government of the United States or the contin-
uance or reestablishment of the institution of slavery
are effectually an'! forever banished from the minds
of thegreat majority of the southern people. There
is much exasperation of feeling down there, and
there will be for months to come. There are many
persons who take narrow viewB of this war, who,
smarting under the humiliation of defeat, are deeply
exasperated, and are uttering disloyal speeches and
making threats for the future; but tor the great body
of Ae southern people, and especially that class ot
men who control southern polities, I believe all
further ideas of secession or the establishmentofthe
southern confederacy are effectually banished, and
that there is now no more danger of secession in
South Carolina or Georgia than there is in the State
of Indiana.
" We cannot expect that the people of the rebel
States have come to love us, or that they will come
to love us in a few years. We cannot expect that a
people who have been so completely subjugated,
that have so nearly lost everything they had, should
come to love us, and live in harmony with us, in the
length of time that has elapsed since the close of
the war. But the great point now to be considered
is the question whether there is any longer in the
southern States an intention to secede from the
Union and resist the authority of the Government
of the United States, or to establish a southern con-
federacy. I say I believe that that idea has been
extinguished forever. Things have changed very
much in the South from what they were betore the
war, and if there are those in the North who expect
that parties will resume their old relations, that one
of the parties of the North can ever sustain again to
the South the relation which it sustained betore the
war began; if such expectations are cherished, they
had better be banished atonce and forever. Slavery,
the tie that bound that party together, North and
South, has gone, never to be restored, and instead
of being but one party inthe South, substantially as
we had before the war, we shall hereafter have
divided parties in the South, as hitherto we have
bad in the North, and I should not besurprbed my-
self, if, in the course of a tew years, the southern
States, such as South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama,
and other States I might mention, should become
the most radical States m the Union ; and I should
not be at all surprised if even the State of South
Carolina should grant the right of suffrage to her
colored population before Indiana does to hers."
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, what a
contrast that is to the picture the Senator has
drawn to-night, and what a contrast it is to
the apprehensions he is perpetuaijy express-
ing here. He now holds out the idea to the
colored people that if the Democratic party
get into power slavery is to be reestablished,
reconstruction is to be overthrown, and I do
not know how many calamities are to happen.
But in this speech he tells us that slavery
has gone forever, and that so far from the
South being once more arrayed on one side,
it is likely to be divided in political sentiment,
as we are at the North, and that secession is
dead for all lime. I have no doubt that those
were the Senator's honest views at that time.
I offer them against the view he has expressed
here to night and has so often expressed here.
I do not know that I could better close my
speech than by commending these philoso-
phical words to the consideration of the
Senate.
But a few words more. The Senator knows,
as everybody knows or ought to know, that
when we oppose the bill before us to suspend
the habeas corpus it is not because we in any
manner justify or seek to excuse Ku Klux
outrages. And yet, when the Senator from
Missouri and the Senator from Delaware get
up and make a plain statement of the causes
that would likely lead to such acts, the Senator
from Indiana treats them as at least palliating
those acts. Why, sir, you might as well de-
nounce every historian who has written and
given the causes of any deplorable event that
ever happened in the world. You might as
well say that he justified or palliated the
enormities he wrote about. But when the Sen-
ator came to defend his own State, when the
ipiestion was about those thirteen or sixteen
men who were hung in Indiana, and about that
negro family that was butchered, and some
men, ts he says, most unjustly hung as the per-
pe rators of the deed, then the Senator gives
all the circumstances that show how such a
thing migh. naturally happen. He does the
very same thing in regard to his own State
which he charges on the Senator from Dela-
ware and the Senator from Missouri as being
a palliation if not a defense of the Ku Klux
outrages. The Senator ought to be consistent.
He was perfectly right in stating the circum-
stances of those Indiana outrages to show that
such a thing might occur there according to
the nature of man, however much it is to be
deplored; and while, in stating that, he was
making no defense whatever of the men who
committed the outrages, or in any wise palliat-
ing their offenses, he should have been equally
just to the Senators from Missouri and Dela-
ware,'and understood that they were not justi-
fying outrages, that they were not palliating
violations ot the law.
Mr. President, I have occupied more of the
time of the Senate than I intended when I
rose. It was not my purpose to speak at all
upon this bill, except simply to enter my pro-
test against its passage in perhaps not ten
sentences. And if the Senator from Indiana
had not seen fit to sound his war trumpet, it
is very probable the Senate would not have
heard from me to-night. As it is, I thank
the Senate for its attention, and will leave the
subject.
Education in the Territories.
SPEECH OF HON. R. C. M'COEMICK,
OF ARIZONA,
Is the House op Representatives,
February 6, 1872,
On the bill (H. E. No. 1043) to establish an educa-
tional fund, and to apply the proceeds of the pub-
lic lands to the education of the people.
Mr. McCORMSCK, of Arizona. Mr. Speak-
er, while many gentlemen have discussed the
importance of the provisions of a bill of this
nature, as applied to the States, no one has
yet especially referred to their value to the
Territories, and I claim a moment for that
purpose.
In the debates upon a measure somewhat
similiar to this, had in the House two years
since, much was said, as ibere has now been,
concerning the right of the General Govern-
ment to in any way provide for or regulate
educational matters in the States, and it was,
as it is now, made a plea for opposition to the
bill. But no one will question the right of
the Government to act in the matter in the
Territories over which it has supreme control.
The necessity of some congressional legis-
lation to foster and stimulate education in the
Territories has so long been apparent to me
that I proposed, after the failure of the educa-
tional bill of last winter, chiefly upon the
score of its alleged intrusion upon Stat-- rights,
to prepare a bill exclusively forthe Territoiies,
and in order to do so the more intelligently
addressed letters to each Territory asking
information regarding the precise condition
of educational interests; in response to which
I received various facts, which, owing to
the state of my health, have not_ been
arranged in proper shape for presentation at
this time, and in view of the introduction by
the Committee on Kdueation and Labor ot
the bill now before the Honse, I abandoned
the idea of a distinct measure for the Terri-
tories. .
The bill now under consideration " forever
consecrates and sets apart the proceeds of the
public lands to the education of the people "
as follows :
One half the receipts for lands, after de-
ducting expenditures, is to be distributed among
the States, Territories, and District of Colum-
bia; the other half is to be invested and
create a fund whose income is iu like manner
to be distributed.
