1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4307
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, (to Mr. Stew-
art.) You can accept them, and then the
committee can report to strike them out if
the.y choose.
Sir. STEWART. Let them go to the com-
mittee as they are.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The ques-
tion is on the motion to recommit the b'll, with
all the amendments moved, to the Committee
on the Diftrict of Columbia.
'J he motion was agreed to.
Mr SHERMAN. I move that the bill and
amendments be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
AMENDMENTS TO APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill (H.
R. No. 2705) making appropriations for sun-
dry civil expenses of the Government for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1873, and for other
purposes ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations.
POINT SAN JOSE RESERVATION.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move now that the
Senate preceed to the consideration of the
conference report on House bill No. 2116.
Mr. POMEROY. There was a bill laid
aside informally about a reservation in Cali-
fornia.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; I objected to that
being done at the time.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 beg pardon, it was laid
aside informally.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is advised that this proceeding has been had
by unanimous consent—that the regular order
was laid aside informally.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I move to lay
that bill on the table for the purpose of pro-
ceeding to the consideration of House bill
No. 2116.
Mr. POMEROY. That is a compound mo-
tion, and cannot be entertained, I want to say
to the Senator from Ohio  
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to lay on the
tabie.
Mr. POMEROY. There was a bill laid
aside relating to some settlers in San Fran-
cisco because the provisions of the bill paid
fur the land and the improvements.
Mr. CHANDLER. is the motion to lay
on the table debatable?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not;
but the motion to lay on the table cannot be
made while another Senator has the floor.
Mr. CHANDLER. I had the floor and
made the motion, and was first recognized by
the Chair. Hence I hold the floor now until
that mot'on is put, and I object to discussion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kansas is recognized by the Chair,
and has the floor.
Mr. POMEROY. Now I will make a state-
ment, and then the Senate can act as it chooses.
The bill was laid aside on the suggestion of
the Senator from Ohio that he was willing to
pay for the improvements of those poor set-
tlers, but not for the land. The Senator has
now prepared his amendment striking out
payment for the land.
Mr. SHERMAN. Who has?
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator here, [Mr.
Wilson.] Now, there is one' poor man espe-
cially who appeals to my sympathies—Colonel
I-Iaskin. In his behalf I hope that we may
take a vote so as to pay him for his improve-
ments. Let the question of the title to the
land go.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
letting that bill go over till morning, and I
will look into it. I am in favor of paying for
improvements.
Mr. CONKLING. We may not get it up
in ihe morning.
Mr. POMEROY. It has been up twice
before. 1 think we ought to pay these poor
settlers for their improvements. It is the least
thing we can do. I ask that we may have a
vote upon striking out so much of the bill as
relates to the land, pajing simply for the
improvements.
Mr. CONKLING. The chairman of the
Military Committee has marked out iho amend-
ment on the printed bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. The amendment is in
the hands of the Senator from Ohio, and
probably he can present it and have it passed
by unanimous consent, and it will be some
relief to these poor men who have been in
agony for years, and we ought to give them
that relief to-night.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to lay this bill
on the table for the purpose of taking up the
steamboat bill.
Mr. STEWART. I want to say a word
about this hill.
Mr. CONKLING. Let ns take the ques-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is to lay on the table.
Mr. NYE. Will my friend from Michigan
just allow me time to introduce pro furma a
resolution to be used to morrow ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator renew
my motion to lay this bill on the table?
Mr. NYE. 1 wilt do anything. I have tried
for twelve hours to get a little motion 
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will not be in order.
Mr. N YE. What will not be in oider?
Mr. TRUMBULL. To introduce a resolu-
tion now.
Mr. CHANDLER. Of course ifit is in order
I insist on my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Nevada asks unanimous consent to
oS'er a resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us know what the
resolution is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
repoited.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the last clause of the resolution
of the Senate of the 29 th o! April, 1872, iu the follow-
ing words, ''and no amendment to any such bill
miking legislative provisions, other than such as
directly renite to the appropriations contained in
the bill, shall be received," be, and thesaine is here-
by, rescinded so iar as it may apply to the bill (H. It.
No. 2705; making appropriations tor sundry civil ex-
penses ot the Government tor the fiscal year ending
JuneSO, 1873, and lor other purposes.
Mr. THURMAN. Who offers that?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Nevada asks unanimous consent to
offer it.
Mr. THURMAN. I object.
Mr. POMEROY. I have one such resolu-
tion pending. This need not be put in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan moves to lay the pending
bill on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator from
Michigan, as I objected to the bill, to let it
pass now. It will take less time to pass it
now. The amendment suggested is satisfac-
tory.
Mr. CHANDLER. If there can be a vote
I will withdraw the motion, but I do not want
to lose the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan withdraws the motion.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
755) for the relief of the former occupants^ of
the present military reservation at Point San
Jos6, in the city and county of San Francisco.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend by strik-
ing out in line eleven the words ''lands and
the;" and in lines fourteen and fifteen the
words " which compensation shall be the cash
Value of said lands andand in lieu thereof
to insert '■ which compensation shall be con-
fined to;" so as to read:
Shall be compensated by tho United States for
the improvements thereon, of which theywere re-
spectively deprived when said lands and improve-
ments were taken possession of by the military
authorities of tho United States, which compensa-
tion shall be confined to the cash value of tlie im-
provements thereon at the time when the military
occupation of said lands commenced.
Mr. STEWART. Now, before that is
adopted, let, me say just one word abo>it this,
before jou do this injustice. These people
base the same title to their land that all other
people in San Francisco had. It was a
Pueblo title 
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator is going
to discuss it, I bave something iurtlier to say.
Mr CONKLING. The Senator from Ne-
vada has the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Nevada has the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill was not to be
taken up unless it could be acted on without
debate.
Mr. CONKLING. The bill was laid aside
informally. The regular order wa3 demanded,
the bill was before the Senate, and my honor-
able Iriend from Michigan moved to lay it on
the table. That motion was withdrawn. The
bill is not specially lakeu up ; it is regularly
before the Senate and cannot bo displaced
except by being laid on the table or postponed.
Now, I hope the Senator from Ohio will hear
in a word the facts about this, and then let us
vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have examined this
matter fully. 1 at once, when it was pro-
posed to lay the hill aside informally, objected,
as the Senator from Calilornia near me knows
very well. This bill is not up and is not
pending.
Mr. STEWART. The bill is before the
Senate. It was laid aside informally.
Mr. SHERMAN. On the contrary, the Sen-
ator from Michigan was recognized and moved
to take up another bill. He was appealed to
to yield to this for a minute to take the vole,
and it was taken up with that understanding.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from Ohio is certainly mistaken. I was paying
attention at the time, and it was generally
assented to that the bill should be laid aside
informally.
Mr. SHERMAN. I objected.
Mr. STEWART. If 1 am in order I desire
in vindication of justice to make a simple state-
ment. I say the title of these settlers was the
same as the title of all other people in San
Francisco. In the first place they had a Pueblo
title which was given to all who were in pos-
session, and which was confirmed by the
courts, and subsequently a question was raised
and Congress confirmed it to the city. It was
confirmed first by the courts and then by an
act of Congress. They were in the same posi-
tion that everybody else was in that city.
During the war, while they were living on this
place, with no more danger of being inter-
rupted apparently than anybody else, this land
was needed for military purposes and taken.
By the Spanish law it is held that in towns the
Government may take this Pueblo property.
So our Supreme Court has held. But 1 pre-
sume they do not take it when it is occupied,
and I presume the Spanish Government never
would take it from its citizens under such cir-
cumstances as it was taken by our Govern-
ment. Any other property in San Francisco
taken at that time would have stood in the
same situation this did.
The property was sold for a high price and
improved, indeed owned as much as any of
the people of San Francisco at the date of this
reservation owned their property. It was
taken from them by force and they had to yield,
to give up improvements and all. You let tbo
rest of the citizens have their property. Here
is this man Haskin ; you say you will treat
him differently from most of the people ofSan
Francisco. It seems to me you should allow
something more than the value of improve-
ments. He has an equity higher than that, and
should have something for it. , , •
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to lay this
