■724
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
Mr. SCOTT. I only wish to say, in reference
to the particular work to which the Senator
from Ohio has referred, that if such works are
to be published at all, they ought to be pub-
lished in larger numbers than they are author-
ized to be published by the Departments, or at
the discretion of the Department, for since that
work has appeared I think I have received
more communications asking for copies of it
than of any single publication that has been
published.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have already stated that
I have no information to give with regard to
the publication of that book, for it never passed
under the supervision of our committee. I
presume the Secretary of War would not have
printed it unless he had legal authority for
doing so. 1 have never seen the book, except
a copy that was sent to me, which 1 have not
examined. I agree that if it is policy for us to
send out expeditions for explorations, scientific
or geographical, it is desirable that we should
place the results before the country, and, as in
the case of the Tehuantepee and Darien expe-
ditions, before the world. I think it is the duty
of the Government to do that. The form of
publication is a matter to be considered with
regard to the expense and the value of the
publication.
The change in the mode of printing to which
the Senator from California has referred is one
that I endeavored to get through the Senate at
one time, but failed. I think it a very import-
ant one. It is that each Department shall
estimate the cost of its printing the same as it
estimates all other items, and then that the
printing shall be done at, the Government Print-
ing Oflice within the estimates, as in the ease
of other expenditures under specific appropria-
tions. They will then be under tho strict super-
vision of the heads of the Departments, who
will be responsible tor the use of the money
that is inmisted to their disbursement.
But, sir, the cost of the public printing (of
tho extravagance and enormous cost of which
we hear so much) is agreat deal less now, con-
sidering the amount done, than it ever was
before. 1 speak now of the printing ordered
by the two Houses of Congress. I have not
examined the figures lately, but the last time
I did examine them the cost was less then in
greenbacks than it was before the war in gold.
I speak of the printing ordered by the two
Houses of Congress fordistribution. The print-
ing of the Departments has increased very
much, and necessarily, because a large amount
of priming that was formerly done at local
offices all over tin- couiitiy is now done at the
Oovei nmentOfliee ; and it is done much better
for the Government, tor although it costs 111010,
probably, to piint here than anywhere e i m: in
llie eountiy, yet the fact of having all the blanks
and all the forms precisely alike, ko as to be
identical in every part of the country, leads to
authenticity and to responsibility and to a great
saving of clerical hire in the Departments.
The resolution was concurred in.
UNITED STATUS lUENN'IAL KEOISTBK
Mr. ANTHONY. 1. now report a resolution
from the House of Representatives for pub-
lishing additional copies of the Biennial Regis-
ter. a book which i think is of no use what-
ever, and we spent halt' a day here once on a
motion of mine to dispense with it., but the
Senator from Ohio talked inti down, and car-
ried the Senate with huu. i'nat, having been
my experience, I now report back tnis resolu-
tion in deference to what, i confide" to be the
judgment of tho Senule. My own opinion is
that the book ought not to be printed at all.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What is the
expense'!
Mr. AN 1 HO NY. 1 he expense of tho addi-
tional numbers will be SI.000, but I think it
ought not to be printed at all [ tlimic ir ,mlv
contains information .hat we have in more
authentic form in other publications, and more
frequently. It give; us uii'or,nation bien-
nially, much of which we get annually from
other sources.
There being no objection, the following con-
current resolution of the House of Represent-
atives was considered:
Resolved. (the Senate concurring,) That there be
printed one thousand extra copies of the United
States Biennial Register for the year 1871.
The resolution was concurred in.
KEPOltT 01? COMMISSIONER OB LAND OFMCE.
Mr. ANTHONY. I also report back another
concurrent resolution from the House, and
ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following concurrent
resolution of the House of Representatives:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That there be
printed five thousand copies of the report of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office for 1870, of
which three thousand copies shall bo for tho use of
the House, ono thousand for the Senate, and one
thousand for the land department.
Mr. PO MEROY. Is that the usual number ?
Mr. ANTHONY. It is not the usual num-
ber ; it is considerably less than the usual
number. I have forgotten what the usual num-
ber is, but I was struck with the smallness of
the number when the resolution came from the
House. If the House is satisfied, I am.
Mr. POMEROY. The Commissioner of the
General Land Office has made a report that
is attracting attention all over this country and
in Europe, and I do not think we ought to
confine the printing to five thousand copies.
I move to amend the resolution by making the
whole number ten thousand, and distributing
it in the same proportion.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Kan-
sas is doubtless better qualified to judge than
1 am of the value of this work ; 1 have not
looked it over ; but I think we had better pass
this resolution, and if it is found desirable to
add more, we can do it hereafter.
Mr. POMEliOY. That is less than the
usual number. We have published fifteen
thousand many years. I think ten thousand
is the least amount wo can order.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The estimate
for tho five thousand copies, as noted by the
Senator iroin Rhode Island in pencil-marks
on the document, is $2,000.
Mr. POMEUOY. In view of the interest
in the question of public lands and the Com-
missioner's report, 1 think ten thousand is a
small number. I insist on the amendment.
Mr. COLE. 1 think ten thousand is quite
small enough a number. This is a book of
very great use in the West, where there are
public lands, and I hope the amendment will
be. adopted.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suppose that the most
valuable parts of the book are copied into the
newspapers, and seen in that way.
Mr. POMEROY. It is a book that ought
to be preserved in every man's library.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then he ought to pay
for it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Kan-
sas, to strike out five thousand and insert ten
thousand copies, making the distribution in
proportion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that will not be
done, became, with the exception of the land
States, the report is not much sought after.
I will exchange with my friend the land reports
which I get for agricultural reports.
Mr. POMEROY. I shall be glad to give all
my Congressional Globes and other books
to the Senator from Ohio for the sake of the
General Laud Office report. The report of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
is circulated not only in this country, but in
Europe, and we have generally had it printed
in two or three languages. It is a matter of
immense interest, especially to the new States
and to those who come to us from foreign coun-
tries. People are writing to me constantly for
copies of the report of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office. They want to know
the extent of our public lands. In that report
you find all the laws codified in a compact
form relating to the administration of the pub-
lic lands, the preemption law, the homestead
law, and then rules of the Department, instruc-
tions how to get preemptions and homestead
claims, and it is of immense value, and it should
be in the hands of all, not only in tho new
States, but of all the foreigners who come to
this country who can read the English lan-
guage or find out what it is. They want this
report, and it is of as much importance to the
Senators from the old States if they will pay
any attention to the immigrants who come to
their shores. They do not pay much ; but if
they did, they would influence them to go on
the public lands instead of having them lie
around the cities of New York and Providence
and other large towns. I ask for a vote on the
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas.
The question being put, the Vice President
declared that the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am so much pleased
to get rid of the maps in this report that we
have a fight about almost every session that I
shall say no more.
The VICE PRESIDENT. No division is
demanded. The ayes have it, and the amend-
ment is agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was con-
curred in.
MINING RJ5POUT.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am also instructed by
the Committee on Printing to report back the
following House concurrent resolution, and to
ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, (the Scnato concurring,) That there bo
printed of tho report of R. "\V\ Raymond on tho
statistics of mines and mining, with accompanying
engravings, three thousand copies for tho uso of tho
House, one thousand copies for thousoof tho Sen-
ate, and ono thousand copies for tho uso of tho
Treasury Department.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and concurred in.
SUTKO TUNNEL REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 am instructed by the
same committee to report another resolution.
This we report favorably upon in deference to
the judgment of the Senators from the Pacific
States, the mining States. It is the report
of the commission appointed to examine the
Sutro tunnel. They have made a report ac-
companied by elaborate maps. I do not sup-
pose the report is worth anything without the
maps, and to print the maps will cost $5,000.
'There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution
reported from the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That tho maps accompanying the report
of the commissioners on the Sutro tunnol be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report it-
self was ordered to be printed when the Chair
submitted it to the Senate, and the ques-
tion of printing the maps was referred to the
Committee on Printing, and they now report
a resolution in favor of printing the maps.
The resolution was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
559) for the relief of California and Nevada
veteran volunteers, honorably discharged at
points distant from that of original enlistment;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 561) to authorize the Secretary of War
to acquire the possessory rights ofthe occupants
of certain land adjoining the United States bar-
racks at Barrancas, in the State of Florida;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
