672
APPENDIX TO THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 6,
Ho. of Eeps.
Education in the Territories—Mr. McGormich.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
The distribution for ten years is to be on
the basis of illiteracy, that is, of need; after-
wards according to the population between
four and twenty-one. Bach State and Terri-
tory will be entitled to its share of the first
distribution that, before January 1, 1873, or
within two months of the first meeting of its
Legislature thereafter, shall have engaged that
it will provide by law for the free education of
all its children between the ages of six and
sixteen, and will apply all moneys which it
shall receive under this act in accordance with
its conditions. After the first distribution
each State will receive its share which has
complied with the following conditions :
First. It shall have made the provision for
the education of its children required as above.
Second. It shall have applied all moneys
by it previously received, under this act, in
accordance therewith.
Third. It shall, through the proper officer
thereof, for the year ending the 30th day of
June lastpreceding such apportionment, make
full report of the number of schools free to
all the children thereof, the number of teach-
ers employed, the number of school-houses
owned, and the number of school-houses
hired; the total number of children taught
during the year, the daily attendance, and the
number of months of the year schools shall
have been maintained in each of the several
school districts, or divisions of said State,
Territory, or District, and the amounts appro-
priated by the Legislature for the purpose of
maintaining a system of free public schools.
These sums are to be distributed by the
State or Territory among its school districts
in either of the three prescribed ways, as it
shall think fit, and to be applied only to the
payment of teachers of common schools, ex-
cept that a sum not exceeding fifty per cent,
the first year, and ten afterwards, may, in the
discretion of the State, be applied to the pay-
ment of teachers of schools for the education
of teachers.
Mr. Speaker, while by this bill the new
States and Territories are not put in as good
a position as the older States, owing to the
fact that the latter have heretofore received
large grants of the public lands, I think the
measure a step in the right direction and one
that should be gladly accepted by all friends
of education. It is surprising, <ts gentlemen
have already remarked, that a subject so im-
portant as the encouragement of national edu-
cation should have been so long and so en-
tirely neglected by the Government of the
United States.
The Territories have been and are par-
ticularly destitute of educational advantages.
Their situation is a peculiar one. The people
are scattered over an immense area in small
settlements and many of them are very poor.
This is especially true of the two Territories
with which I am most familiar, namely : New
Mexico and Arizona. In a speech delivered
two years since by Mr. Prosser, of Tennessee,
then a member of the House, he thus referred
to the state of affairs in the first named of
these Territories :
" I have yet to speak of a still more signal instance
of bad policy which might perhaps be characterized
as bad kith on the part of tho General Government.
About twenty-two years ago we acquired from Mex-
ico a territory possessing ono of the most healthy
climates in the world, beautiful and picturesque in
its snow-capped mountains, plains, valleys, and
streams, with exhausde^s mineral, agricultural, and
pastural resources, two hundred and seven thousand
square miles in extent, and having some one hun-
dred thousand people clustered in villages, thus
being admirably situated for schools. The people
spoke a foreign language, were poor and very ignor-
ant, yet, for a poverty-stricken population abound-
ing in excellent traits of character.
" More than two generations-of school children
have now grown up since they have been under the
jurisdiction of Congress; they yet speak a foreign
language and they are still poor and ignorant. Had
Congress performed its duty in establishing schools
among them twenty years ago New Mexifift might
to-day have b6en a flourishing State in this Union,
a source of wealth to the nation, and a jStvalin the
national crown."
Apart from what has been done in that Ter-
ritory through the earnest efforts of the Roman
Catholic church, little progress has been made
in the establishment of schools. I do not
know that a system of free education w<Jhld
have made the Territory a State by this titne,
but it can hardly be doubted that it would have
been of great benefit to the people and to all
their best interests.
In a speech on education by father Truch-
ard, delivered iu Santa F6, in August last,
that prelate attributed the state of affairs in
New Mexico, first, to a deplorable indiffer-
ence on the part of many parents to the
instruction of their children, and secondly
to the want of resources ; and he spoke even
of the church schools as of an inferior char-
acter, and exclaimed:
"And is the case utterly hopeless? Shall it be
said that the people of New Mexico are condemned
to live forever in the darkness of ignorance? Can
no remedy be found for this lamentable evil?
"Ladies and gentlemen, under the present cir-
cumstances I see no hope of remedy, except in the
Government of the United States. It is altogether
necessary that Congress make an appropriation of
money for educational purposes. It is the only hope,
the only remedy for ameliorating the poor condition
of our schools."
Governor Giddings, in his message to the
last Legislative Assembly, (December, 1871,)
dwells at much length and with much feeling
upon the subject. He urges local legislation,
intimating that the people must first show a
disposition to do something for themselves
before expecting congressional aid, and says:
"Now. if this first <)tep could be taken and then
tho Legislature memorialize Congress setting forth
the absolute needs of our people—the fact that
nearly one hundred thousand people by war and
treaty arrangements twenty-five years since fell
into the hands of the United States in the most
wretched condition conceivable as to obtaining
knowledge through the enlightened processes of edu-
cation by books, tho whole population in the most
indigent circumstances, and humanity required then
and at once that their education should be provided
for, but it was not. Twenty-five years have passed
away and the people of this Teiritory are, education-
ally speaking, in a darker condition than when first
brougnt into our nation. Now, notwithstanding
tho financial resources of the people are so small,
thoy are yet willing to tax themselves annually to
tho amount named. And that Congress and the
Territory provide for anticipating the sales of school
lands—that Congress provido for us by appropriat-
ing $100,000 to this Territory for the purposes of
common schools—that the sum be loaned to the
Territory for twenty years without interest, holding
the school lands or so much as shall be necessary as
security for the payment of tho principal sum."
_ Governor Safford, of Arizona, which Ter-
ritory, it will be remembered, was some ten
years since formed from New Mexico, in his
message to the last Legislative Assembly, (Jan-
uary, 1871,) says:
" I believe it to be the duty of the Government to
give a helping hand to the infant Territories that
are destined soon to become States of the Union,
and especially do I believe the Territories acquired
from Mexico should receive marked consideration
in this direction. The people of these Territories
have suddenly been transferred from another gov-
ernment to our own. Speaking a foreign tongue, we
call upon them to adopt our customs and obey our
laws. They are generally well-disposed, law-abid-
ing citizens, and have but little means ; they have
and will continue to have an important influence
in the governing power of the country, and it is
essential that they should be educated in the lan-
guage of the law that governs them. This question
has already been agitated in Congress, and many of
our statesmen take a liberal view of it. It is to be
hoped that Congress will at an early period adopt
such measures as will at least insure education in
the Territories."
During my own term of service as Governor
of this Territory I was constantly annoyed by
the lack of educational facilities and repeat-
edly advised the Legislatures to devise some
measure of relief, but the people were gener-
ally without means to warrant taxation. The
ravages of the hostile Indians in New Mexico
and Arizona, owing to the lack of a fixed and
vigorous policy upon the part of the Govern-
taent, have been so constant and extensive
that the people, botH American and Mexican,
haVe bteti -frell nigh impoverished, and it
ttoold Seefti to b£ An absolute duty on the
piart of CofigresS to grsint them assistance in
the m'&ttef of common schools. The Gov-
ernor, ih the ift^Ssage alluded to, justly com-
pliments the private enterprise which has
established schools at one or two points in
the Territory, and that of the Sisters of St.
Joseph, #ho have lately founded and brought
to considerable perfection a seminary for the
education of females, which he pronounces a
School cred'it&Me to any country, and which
already has an attendance of about one hundred
and fifty pttpils.
I woula &-lso Bear cheerful testimony to the
zealdus personal efforts on behalf of educa-
tion niade! in Nefcr Mexico by Bishop Lamy,
and in Arizona by Bishop Sallepoint. With
liihite'd means and under many obstacles these
worthy prelates of the Catholic church h'ave
done much in it field which for some reason
has been almost entirely overlooked and neg-
lected by other religious denominations. But
they have ilot been able, nor can it be expected
that they or that any private or religious agen-
cies will be, to provide free schools, such as
are' contemplated by the bill now in hand, and
such as aire necessary to carry education to
all classes of the people.
Within the last year, under an act of the
last Legislature, an earnest attempt has been
made by the territorial authorities of Arizona
to establish snch schools, and the Governor,
who has made the' subject one of especial atten-
tion, informs me that most gratifying lesults
have already been attained. In each county
there is at least one school in successful oper-
ation, and both parents and children are deeply
interested and gratified, but there will be need
of Government aid to steadily maintain these
schools until there is a larger population.
Not alone for American and Mexican chil-
dren have we desired the establishment of
common schools in New Mexico and Aii-
zona, but for the children of the friendly
Indians have we wished for the in. One
of my earliest efforts in this House was to
procure an allowance of $5,000 for estab-
lishing schools ataorig the Piinaa and Mari-
copas df Arizona, in which I was not success-
ful. These Indians have always been peace-
ably disposed, and tfcey aire entitled to Gov-
ernment aid' if any Indians are. Their reser-
vations are in a central part of the Territory,
and their relations with'settlers and travelers
are so intimate that it is especially desira-
ble that their intelligence should be in every
way advanced.( The Governor in the message
already quoted from speaks as follows of the
desire of these Indians for schools :
" I have alluded to the Pima Indians, but in con-
nection with this subject I desire to observe that I
was informed by the chief of that tribe, last sum-
mer, that what they most desired were schools to
educate their children. He said they had means in
abundance for thdir support, butschools were beyond
their r4a«h; that th-ey had asked and plead in vain
for them."
At this time, I am glad to say, two schools
are in operation upon these reservations, un-
der the direction of the Indian agent, and the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs has promised
an appropriation towards their support, and
certain benevolent ladies in New York are
soliciting contributions. But other schools
will be needed upon these reservations, and
upon others throughout the Territory, so that
the Indian children may not be permitted, as
has too long been the case, to grow up in ignor-
ance, indolence, and vice. In the Territory
of New Mexico where the Pueblo or Village
Indians are more numerous there is even
greater need of liberal provision for schools,
and in other Territories having an Indian pop-
ulation some provision must be made.
