3412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
have beeu faults in the system, but there
is nothing else so faultless, for the purpose of
securing justice, in. the world. What we aim
at here is to get ajfair jury. And after discuss-
ing the matter wth the judges the committee
have come to the conclusion to make the
number of challenges as they are in the bill.
We 'give the defendant more because the
defendant is sometimes oppressed by the whole
power of the Government*; sometimes he has
the whole power of - the Government down
upon him.
Mr. NIBLACIv. I should like to ask the
gentleman a question. 1 should like to hear
his_ opinion as to the matter of trial by mil-
itary commissions which was so much iu vogue
some years ago.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
always glad to answer any such questions
which may be put to me. When there was a
time of war, and the life of the nation was at
stake, then I believe it was proper to have
trials, by military commissions, of spies, and
of men who were acting the part oi'traitors.
The first man in this country who everissued
a commission for a military trial was George
Washington, who instituted the military com-
mission for the trial of one Andr6.
Mr. NIBLACK. We have had military
commissions since the war closed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Notexcept
as arising from a state of war. Wo had mili-
tary commissions while the war existed, where
they were required precisely as we are bound
to have fire-engines where there is a fire.
Mr. NIBLACK. If military commissions
are so much more efficient for these extraor-
dinary occasions, I would ask the gentleman
why we should not use them on ordinary
occasions in order to secure justice ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
not use a twenty-four pounder to demolish a
pig-sty. [Laughter.]
Mr. NIBLACK. If itcouldbe done more
efficiently by the fire of a large gun than a
small one why not? [Laughter.] Theprinciplc
is the same. The question turns upon the
efficiency of the tribunal. I would also ask
the gentleman how it is that he can pay so
high a tribute to the right of trial by jury,
when he approves of its being suspended on
great occasions?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Ah I it
is to be suspended when the country is in such
an abnormal state that all the jurors may be
confederates of the man to be tried. I call
the previous question, as I do not want to dis-
cuss military commissions now.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider tho vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADMINISTRATION OF JUSTICE.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, also, from
the same committee, reported back with an
amendment in the nature of a substitute the
bill (S. No. 473)io further the administration
of justice.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will ask
that the substitute be read, and considered sec-
tion by section for amendment.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Gar-
field, ot Ohio, in the chair.) Is there objec-
tion ? The Chair hears none.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I object to anything of
the kind.
The Clerk proceeded to read the substitute.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I did not understand
precisely what the gentleman from Massachu-
setts proposed when he suggested that the bill
should be acted on section by section. If the
Speaker knows what that is, I withdraw my
objection.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If there is
no further objection, the bill will bs acted on
section by section.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I hope the Speaker
will explain what he means by acting on a
bill section by section.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is that
the section shall be read, and if 110 amend-
ment is offered to it it shall be passed over
and the next section read, and then when all
the sections have been disposed of the bill
itself is to be acted ou.
MESSAGE FKO.M TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (S. No. 791) to amend au act en-
titled *' An act to amend an act approved May
31, 1870, entitled ' An act to enforce the rights
of citizens of the United States to vote in the
several States of the Union, and for other pur-
poses.' "
ADMINISTRATION OF JUSTICE.
The Clerk resumed and completed the read-
ing of the bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Thero
was some misunderstanding among tho mem-
bers of the committee as to the seventh sec-
tion of the bill; and I will therefore move
that it be stricken out for reasons which I will
state.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The section
will first be read.
The section was read, as follows:
Sec. 7. That in causes other than equity and ad-
miralty in the circuit and district courts ot tho
United Slates, tho plaintiff shall be untitled to sim-
itar remedies, by attachment.ornthor processnffainst
the property of the defendant, which aio provided
for b> tho laws of the Stat'- in which such com t. is
held, applicable lo the courts of suoh State; uml
tho party recovering judgment in such causo shall
bo entitled to simitar remedies upon tho aamo, by
execution oi otherwise, to reach tile property of the
judgment debtor, as are now provided by tllo laws
of the State within which sncli district or circuit
courts toll.ill bo hold in liko causes: Provided, That
■similar preliminaiy affidavits or proofs, and sim-
ilar secunfy required by such laws, shall bo first
furnished by the party seekine such uttaclimcui or
other remedy.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, ldesircto
say that there is a difference of opinion in the
committee about this seventh section, in this :
we all agree that it would bo a good section,
but we are a liitle doubtful whether being so
good a provision, it will not load down the
courts of the United States too much. It as-
similates the whole proceedings in the circuit
and district courts of the United States to the
proceedings in the highest courts of the State,
giving the writ of attachment and other pro-
cess provided by State laws. It was supposed,
however, that, that would overload tho Federal
courts, and for that reason I desire that this
section may be stricken from the bill.
Mr. ELDREDGE. It was agreed in com-
mittee this morning, on my motion, that this
section should be stricken out.
Mr, BU I'LER, of Massachusetts. I so be-
lieve; it. must have got into the bill by a mis-
prision of our Clerk.
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
Mr. COMINGO. I move to amend tho
substitute by adding thereto the following
section:
That in all eases, either civil or criminal, that
may be tried in any of tho circuit or district courts
of the United States, tho judgo theroot, when re-
quested by the attorney or attorneys on either bide,
shall give wiitton instructions to tho jury, embracing
the law of tho case, bclore the argument to the jury
by the counsel in tho cause.
I have offered this at the request of gentle-
men who have been practicing ill the courts.
Mr. BUTLElt, of Massachusetts. We can-
not accept that amendment. In another bill
passed by this House, and now before the
Senate, it is required that the judge in any
ease in the circuit or district courts of the
United States shall, at the request of either
party, certify any question of law that may be
raised, so as to give the party his rights before
the Supreme Court, or for further revision.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is confined, how-
ever, to criminal cases of the grade of capi-
tal or penitentiary offenses, This proposed
amendment would extend it to civil cases.
Mr. PETERS. It is too lumbering a pro-
vision.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to it myself.
Mr. COMINGO. The object of this amend-
ment is to enable attorneys to understand the
court'sviewof thelawofthe casebefore tbejr-
gumentismadeto the jury. It very frequently
happens,! may remark, that raembersof tho bar
take one view of tho law of the case mid the court
takes a very different view in giving instruc-
tions to the jury after the argument is made.
In many courts it. is the practice that the law
shall be declared to the jury beforo tho argu-
ment is made. That is the object of this
amendment; nothing more.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BECK. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bdtleii] a
question.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. BECK. Much of this bill as read is
not the original Senate bill as printed, and
therefore I have understood it but imperfectly.
As 1 understand the reading of the bill, where
a man is only constructively summoned, exe-
cution issues against him and his property is
sold as though he was personally summoned,
and no time is given him afterward to open
that judgment or revise it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. lie has
the same right to appeal for two years that
anybody else has. But this is only to enforce
a civil lien against property, not against him
at all; it only touches tho property on which
the lien is found. It is like a proceeding in
rem.
Mr. ELDREDGE. There is no personal
judgment whatever entered in the case unless
there is a personal service.
Mr. BU I'LER, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
By the original text of tho Senate bill thero
was a personal judgment; we have struck that
out and left simply the lien on the property. I
now call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered ; and under the
operation ilieiuof the substitute as amended
was agreed to ; and the bill, as'amended, was
ordered to a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BUTLER; of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the inoiion to
reconsider be laid on tho table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MA US UAL I. 0. ROBERTS.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. tloAU,] who objected to the
consideration of the bill for the relief of Mar-
shall 0. Roberts, has- been good enough to
say to me that he withdraws his objecon, so
that the bill may pass. 1 beg leave to repeat
to the House that, the bill proposes simply to
repay to Mr. Roberts without interest ins own
money paid into the Treasury of the United
States for and on account, of property sold
under an order of the United States for tho
non-payment, of taxes and redeemed in pursu-
ance of our own law. This money remains m
the Treasury to the precise amount stated in
the bill, and is so certified fiora the Treasury
Department. The bill proposes to pay 110 in-
terest. I should think that this man. after
having been deprived of the use of his money
thus long, ought now to have it back. We
have always passed such bills without objec-
tion. Thure is no mistake about the facts in
this ease. The gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Uoau] Having withdrawn his objection,
1 again report from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, with a recommendation that it pass,
