1620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
you the belief of all our countrymen in the
East that the American flag will ride triumph-
ant through all those mighty lands, and soon
bring to our ports, especially upon the East,
the commerce of those six hundred and thirty-
five million human beings.
. [Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KERB. Mr. Chairman, I rise to oppose
this amendment. I desire first to express my
profound regret that in this way and at this
time this great question of subsidies has been
suffered to come before the House for con-
sideration. I agree with my friend from New-
York [Mr. Wood] that it is out of place here.
It is no proper part of this bill, and ought
not to be considered now. It is prematurely
thrust upon the House. Nobody had notice,
except its friends, that it was to be pressed
upon the House for settlement now. We
ought to have time for its consideration and
discussion.
It is a question of immense importance to
the people of our country. It affects at once
their rights, their pockets, and the public rev-
enues. It is not important alone to the few
men engaged in commerce between this coun-
try and Japan; but, iu my judgment, it pro-
poses only to contribute to their pecuniary
gaiiis, not to those of the people. It is a pro-
position in the interest of A B and C D, mere
private citizens or corporations, who have
come here in the persons of their friends, and
now demand that all the people of the country
shall by law be compelled to contribute of the
fruits of their hard earnings to increase the
earnings and gains of the favored gentlemen
engaged in this commerce. There is an air
of sublime assumption as well as cool selfish-
ness in the proposition.
We are told it is a great struggle for the
commerce of the East. Mr. Chairman, it is
one of the common tricks of monopoly to
magnify its importance. It is time the honest
men of this country should come to know that
they have not money enough to purchase suc-
cess ill the struggle for supremacy in the car-
rying trade of the world, ft is not necessary
for us to attempt any such Quixotic scheme.
We should repeal insane laws and leave the
people free to reestablish our commerce. We
are not ready to enter 'into any contest, by
subsidies or by levying tribute upon all our
citizens, with Great Britain or any other na-
tion for the commerce of the world. Our
Treasury is not long enough, our people have
not motley enough, they are too poor; and I
sayitis an outrage for their Representatives
here to attempt to compel them to pay to these
gentlemen who want to carry on commerce
upon the Pacific ocean in this kind of way.
The million of dollars this bill proposes to
take from the Treasury does not belong to
you or me, but it is the property, the revenue,
of all the people, intrusted for honest expend-
iture to us. But we have no right to confer
it as a benefaction, a gratuity, upon anybody,
under any plausible pretext whatever. It is
dangerous, unjust, and outside the proper
functions of government. All the arguments
made here in advocacy of this proposition are
readily answered. They are the old and pre-
tentious prayer of the few, the aggregated
wealth, or the rich corporations, for extorted
contributions from all the people. These con-
tributions are for their individual pecuniary
.benefit. The country will gain nothing by
them. Commerce will become no cheaper.
The charges on freights will not be reduced.
The demand for imports will not be built up
by them.
How should commerce come, Mr. Chair-
man? What is commerce? Is it some mys-
terious, indefinable thing that we must entice
to our shores by the payment of subsidies to
ship-owners? Does it require us to go out
upon the oceans of the world and buy it? Or
has it its fountain and origin in the wants of
the people of the country? Commerce comes
after population and production. It is the
offspring of the great law of demand. We
are a great country, with innumerable wants,
great activity, wonderful productive capacity.
These facts prepare the way for commerce, lor
exchange, and they will come without the aid
of such laws as this, and without subsidy. The
commerce of the Bast cannot be kept away
from our country. It will come here naturally
because it is wanted, and because the East
wants our products. Just like commerce be-
tween mail and man here in Washington, the
trade will spring up out of mutual wants and
interests. In like manner external commerce
must arise. Thus it has arisen. No law of
Congress can put it down, or reduce it, or
accelerate its growth. We may as well sub-
sidize every railroad or steamboat line, or
other common carrier inside our country.
They are all engaged in honorable and useful
commerce. They are all entitled to equal
favor of the Government, to complete and fair
protection, no more. That England or any
other country gives subsidies is no business of
ours. We are not to follow their bad exam-
ples. The gentlemen engaged in the shipping
business between California and Japan Rave
embarked in that business for gain, volun-
tarily, under the guidance of the great law
of intelligent self-interest, and they were wise
and sagacious in doing so. It is a rich and
magnificent field of enterprise. They know
it; tliey are making fortunes in it; it grows
daily; it will extend indefinitely; its future
cannot be estimated. It will never leave our
shores unless our people die out, or our civ-
ilization goes backward. Let it grow and gain
strength and wealth under the operation of
God's great law of fair play, of opeu and free
competition. It is time for all National Gov-
ernments to abandon the hateful -support of
monopolies.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman from New York to withdraw his amend-
ment, and T will renew it.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I renew it for
the purpose of submitting a few observations.
,^Mr. Chairman, I do not doubt that the word
subsidy is a hateful one to the American mind.
It is a word which brings to my mind ideas
not altogether compatible with my sense of
the dignity and freedom of our institutions.
When the pending proposition was first sug-
gested to the Committee on Appropriations,
all the sentiments I had entertained and-cher-
ished on the general subject to which it relates
inclined me to oppose it. But the subject
being properly and legitimately before the
committee I was bound to consider it; and
after a careful study of the facts in the case I
have reached the conclusion that it is my duty
to support the amendment. I shall try in
the few moments givon'ine to state some of
the reasons which have led me to that conclu-
sion. In doing so 1 do not abandon my gen-
eral sentiment of opposition, to granting sub-
sidies by the Government, for generally they
are invidious and partial, and help one class
of citizens at the expense of the rest; but I
believe there are special and exceptional facts
connected with the trade of the Pacific ocean
which we cannot in view of the situation
safely neglect.
Let me say, Mr. Chairman, that all the great
achievements of civilization from the remotest
period have been grouped round some one of
the great seas. The Mediterranean sea was
the center round which the great civilization
of the ancient nations were grouped, and the
great event which marks the boundary between
ancient and modern history was the passing
from the Mediterranean to the Atlantic ocean
as a center of commerce and art. When the
current of European life turned from Athens,
and Rome, and Carthage, the coasts and
islands of the Atlantic ocean became its new
center of activity. On that ocean the great
forces of modern civilization have been play-
ing for a thousand years.
But I venture the prediction, Mr. Chairman,
that in the near future the other great theater
of commercial activity, the third and last in
the history of this world's work, will be the
Pacific ocean; and just now the whole cur-
rent of public thought, the whole current of
public and national activity is turned toward
that great sea, and the momentous question is,
who shall be its master? We have never
possessed, and can hardly hope to possess,
the control of the Mediterranean sea ; and the
sad events of the lest twelve years have led
me to fear that we have lost, perhaps irre-
trievably lost, the control of the Atlantic
ocean—the great historic sea of to-day. Our
hope is in the great historic sea of the future.
If we lose that it will be a lasting disgrace to
our statesmanship and a measureless calamity
to our people. We now occupy the largest
and noblest portion of its western shores.
Our islands in the northwest reach more than
a thousand miles of the distance from this
continent to Asia.
We have already established the only line
of steamers that ply between the oldest of the
empires and the_ youngest of the great nations.
Six hundred millions of human beings that
live on the western border .of that sea are
looking to us for commerce, for science, and
the arts. We are their nearest eastern neigh-
bors, and they now ask our friendship, seek
our shores, and offer to pour their commerce
in our lap. At this critical and interesting
moment we are in danger of losing our grasp
upon the commerce of that great ocean. The
other maritime nations are ready to snatch the
prize from our hands unless we at once secure
it. The increased scrvice provided by *his
amendment will hold the trade in our hands
and put it on a basis where it will soon grow
to independence, so that no further aid will
be needed.
Never has there been a time in the history
of any nation when such a prospect was opened,
when such a future was clearly attainable.
For these reasons, I am ready to make an ex-
ception in this case, and to do what I can to
make the commerce of this great ocean our
own, and to make our country the teacher,
the guide and friend of the great peoples of
Eastern Asia. This measure can be no pre-
cedent for the score of schemes now pressing
for recognition, for it stands alone in the great-
ness and importance of its consequences.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Chairman, I propose to dwell, not on words,
but on thing3. I propose to call the attention
of the committee to the fact that all the money
that goes into the Treasury of the United
States is wrung by taxation from the people
for the purpose of carrying on their Govern-
ment, and for no other purpose under heaven,
and that we have no right as the tiustees of
the people to appropriate that money for the
advancement of any cause, however good,
however high, however noble, other than that;
and for a stronger reason, we have no right
to appropriate it to any commercial specula-
tion. We have no right to appropriate it for
anything else but for carrying on the Gov-
ernment.
This is a proposition that, with the money in
the Treasury of the United States taken from
the people by taxation, we shall go into a com-
mercial speculation, in which we are to bear
all the losses, and in which some private com-
pany are to have all the gain. In a private
partnership I should be opposed to such an
unequal compact, and I am opposed diamet-
rically, with all my might, with all my judg-
ment, with all my strength, to the idea of sub-
sidizing any lines whatever. When you begin
ouce you know not where to stop. I do not
believe that it is a good business proposition
for any set of men to build up any great enter-
prise on a subsidy by the Government.
