1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
725
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a hill
(8. No. 6G2) in relation to settlers on the late
Sioux Indian reservation in the State of Min-
nesota; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 563) to establish a national registry of
shipping and to afford additional protection to
passengers and seamen, and to prevent excess-
ive rebates in the duties on merchandise, dam-
aged on ship-board imported into the United
States ; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. CONKLING. In introducing this bill
I wish to state that it is not a bill prepared by
me, but one which I introduce at request for
reference to the Committee on Commerce.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FLANAGAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 564) providing for the cession by the State
of Texas of certain territory of that State to
the United States for Indian reservations and
other purposes; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 565) to extend the time to the
State of Wisconsin to complete a road from
Lake St. Croix to Lake Superior; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lauds, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. THURMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 560) to allow writs of error in certain
criminal casps; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
CORPORATION INCOME TAX.
Mr. SCOTT. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
362, which has been already partially consid-
ered, and I hope to have it disposed of this
morning.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 36'2) declara-
tory of an act entitled " An act to reduce in-
ternal taxes, and for other purposes," approved
July 14, 1870.
Mr. SCOTT. When this bill was under
consideration before, some objections were
made, and considering them all I have pre-
pared a substitute for the amendment reported
by the Committee on Finance, which 1 think
will be acceptable to all parties, and avoid all
further discussion. I send it to the Chair, and
ask that it be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is this in lieu
of the substitute previously reported by the
Committee on Finance?
Mr. SCOTT. Yes, sir.
The YICE PRESIDENT. It will be sub-
stituted for that substitute ; and the question
now is on agreeing to the amendment which
will be read as a substitute for the original
bill.
The Chief Clerk read the words proposed
to be inserted in lieu of the original bill after
the enacting clause, as follows:
That the true intent and meaning of the act enti-
tled "An act to reduce intema.1 taxes, and for other
purposes" approved July If, 1870, was to exempt
from the payment or the tax oi two and one half
percent, per-annum a 11 dividends of eai nin !}<-', income,
or gains, and undivided protits of any bank, trust
company, savings institution, insurance company,
canal-navigation company, and slack water naviga-
tion company, declared or made, or which accrued
or were earned and added to any surplus, contin-
gent, or other fund, dm ing tho munihs ot August,
September. October, Kufcinber, and December, m
the year 1-STU, in all ea^e? where such corporations
had already paid, or woutd thereafter pay, upon the
dividends of earnings, income, or gains, and undi-
vided profits of the previous months of that year,
a tax equal to at least two and one half per cent.
per annum; and to give effect to such intent, the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue is hereby author-
ized and directed to remit or refund, as the ease may
be, the tax assessed and levied or paid upon all such
dividends of earnings, income, or gams, and undi-
vided profits, for said lastfive months of the year 1870,
to all such corporations as have paid or shall pay a
tax upon all tho dividends of earnings, income,
gains, or undivided profits of the years 1870andl871,
enual to at least two and one half per cent, per
annum.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I ask the Senator from
Pennsylvania why railroad companies are not
included in the amendment now offered?
Mr. SCOTT. My recollection is that the
language of this amendment is a copy of the
section of the law of 1870 which imposed the
tax.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I have the law before
me. I will furnish it to the Senator.
Mr. SCOTT. I see the language of the
law is: "on the amount of all dividends of
earnings, income, or gains hereafter declared
by any bank, trust company, savings institution,
insurance company, railroad company, caual
navigation company," &c.
Mr. JOHNSTON. " Railroad company" is
left out in the amendment.
Mr. SCOTT. That must be a mistake in
the printing. I am very much obliged to the
Senator from Virginia for calling my atten-
tion to it. I move to amend by inserting the
words " railroad company" between the words
"insurance company" and "canal navigation
company."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That correction
will be regarded as made, and the question is
on agreeing to the substitute so modified.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I see that this proposi-
tion relates only to refunding the tax for the last
five months of the year 1870. The effect of
that is to make companies which paid the full
tax up to the 1st of August, ls70, pay one
twelfth of five per cent, more than two and a
half per cent, for that year. 1 supposed the
objeetofthis bill was to make these companies
pay only two and one lialfper cent, for 1870 ; but
as tho bill is now proposed, it makes them pay
one twelfth of five per cent., more than two and
a half per cent. It is proper to correct it in
that respect, and make it provide for refunding
the amount paid during the last six months
of the year 1870. The elfect of that will be
to require the companies to pay only two and
a half per cent, for that year; and I now
propose that amendment. The object, will be
effected by inserting before "August," in line
ten, the word "July," and by striking out
in lino twenty-ono the word "five" before
" months," and inserting " six."
Mr. SCOT P. The inequality referred to by
the Senator from Virginia was considered not
only in the Finance Committee, but also, as I
am informed, in the conference committee
which drafted the bill of 1870; and while it is
true that that slight inequality does exist that
corporations, or rather the stockholders whom
they represent, are required to pay that one
twelfth of five per cent, more than individuals,
yet it is an inequality that cannot be remedied
without giving rise to a large amount of incon-
venience. The law was passed or! the 14th of
July, 1870, after six months of that year had
elapsed, and unless we are to go back and
refund that money, there is no possible way of
securing entire equality. This amendment now
reported secures that equality as nearly as it
can be secured; and while I would have been
willing to join the Senator from Virginia, or
any other Senator, in securing absolute equal-
ity, that is entirely impossible under the income
tax law. This proposition as it stands comes
as near equality as it can be secured practical ly.
1 hope, therefore, the amendment of the Sen-
atorfrom Virginia will not he adopted, but that
the substitute as offered will be adopted.
Mr. JOHNSTON. While we are on this sub-
ject and have the bill up, f see no reason why
it is not ju.st, as easy to makefile thing exactly
right as to get it wrong. It, is a conceded laet
that the substitute offered by the Senator
from Pennsylvania requires certain railroad
and other companies that paid at the rate of
five per cent, up to the 1st of August, to pay
one twelfth of five per cent, more than was
intended by the law originally. The original
purpose of the law was to make the tax equal
to an annual tax of two and a half per cent.
Then the companies ought to have paid at the
rate of five per cent, up to the 1st of July only.
Paying at the rate of five per cent, up to the
1st of July, they would have paid two and
a half per cent, for the whole year; but pay-
ing five per cent, up to the 1st of August,
the effect was that these companies paid one
twelfth of five per cent, more than they were
intended by the law originally to pay.
While we have the subject under considera-
tion let us make the bill exactly right. The
object of the law can be attained by requiring
that the tax which these companies paid in
excess of the two and a half per cent, for the
year shall be refunded. Surely it is not much
trouble to do that. The books show all tho
companies that paid, and the amount can be
easily ascertained, and exact, equality will be
accomplished and tho original purpose of the
law effected, whereas the original purpose of
tho law is not effected by the amendment as
offered by the Senator from Pennsylvania.
In my State I know several companies paid
the five per cent, tax up to the 1st of August,
1870. Our corporations arc poor, our bond-
holders are poor, and anything they paid beyond
what the law demanded, or beyond what they
ought to pay, 1 think they ought to have back ;
and as the subject is now under consideration,
I think it best while we are legislating on the
matter to legislate right, and have the thing as
it ought to be. I trust, therefore, the amend-
ment will be adopted.
Mr. SCOT!'. All 1 desire to say in reply is
that the adoption of the Senator's amendment
will be a repeal pro tanto of the act of the 14th
of July, 1870, instead of carrying out its inten-
tion. I have seen a number of the represent-
atives of these corporations who have been
here since this bill was introduced, and, while
the inequality is admitted, it is so small that
none of them object to it. I hope tins vexa-
tious subject will be at once disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of tho Senator from Vir-
ginia to the amendment of the Committee on
Finance.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected; there being on a division—ayes 15,
noes 30.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment proposed as a sub-
stitute by the Committee on Fmauce.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
'The bill was ordered to be engt ossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE IIOUSK.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiieusox, its Clerk,announced
that, the House had passed the following bills,
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 188) to extend the time
in which certain offenses maybe prosecuted ;
A bill (II. R. No. 280) to perpetuate testi-
mony in the courts of the United Slates ; and
A hill (11. Jl. No. m relation to wit-
nesses for respondents in exisadiiion cases.
'The message also announced tliatthe House
had passed the bill (>S. No. 487) to exempt the
iron steam ice-boats constructed by tho city of
Philadelphia tioni the inspection required by
the act of February 28. 18". 1, entitled "An act
to provide for the better .securitv of lite oil
board of vessels propelled in whole or in part
by steam, and for other purposes," with an
amendment, in which it requested the concur-
rence oi the Senate.
The message further announced that the
