1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6T3
42d CoNii....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Ritchie,
Ho. of Reps.
Writing upon this subject, in 1370, Bishop
Lamy, of New Mexico, Haul:
"On several occasion? we have endeavored to es-
tablish schools in some of our Pueblo Indian vil-
lages; but unle-y t-hc Government helps u- with
some mnun->. and also with ,-ome mild regulation*
obliging tile (Jood Imlf-civilizetl to educate their
children, wo have very poor hopes of success."
Mr. Speaker, objection has been made to
this bill by some gentlemen on the ground
that it will not give a return sufficiently large
to provide an adequate school fund tor the
various Slates and Territories. This may be
so, but it will furnish sufficient means to give
a stimulus to educational movements and an
inducement for local action and appropriation.
As the gentleman from Iowa [Mr Di.-x.nkll]
has just remarked:
"The sum is said to bcsmall. It may prove enough
to bring about the needed organization. Bat £500
were given by Harvard, and out of it has sprune
Harvard College. But asmall sura may do the work.
One, or two, or five, or ten, or twenty, or forty edu-
cational people in thote States may gather about
thiamin and perseverein thework of organization,
and it will widen and spread, I hope, until we find
well developed public school systems. With tbi*-
hope I support this bill, as voting nationally and
not locally. Wc want unhersal education 111 this
Republic. W e want educated ma.-ses. lenorance
is fearful. It i.-to be dreaded everywhere. Let fight
gotortli. Let education everywhere triumph; free
education, universal education."
It is too late in the world's history to need
aigutnent in favor of universal education.
Under a free government it is a recognized
essential. W ashington, in a letter to Alex-
ander Hamilton. (179ti.) expressed the true
method of establishing justice to be the edu-
cation of the people, "the surest means," he
says, - of giving just ways of thinking to our
citizens." Just ways of thinking must pre-
cede the establishment of justice, nor can jus-
tice exist divorced from wisdom.
It is too well known to need repetition here
that in all nations where the question has been
inquired into it has been shown that crim-
inals are generally ignorant: that as school-
houses increase, in a corresponding ratio do
jails and prisons diminish. In other coun-
tries it has not been questioned that Govern-
ment had the right to provide for the educa-
tion of the people, and it has been considered
a first duty.
Said Macaulay in the British Parliament:
"Take away education, and what areyourmeans?
-Military force, prisons, solitary ceils, peui.l colonies,
gibbet?, all the other apparatus of penal laws. If,
then, there be an end to which Government is bound
to attain: if there are two way* only of attaining
it; if one of these ways is by elevating the moral
ami intelieefud character of the people, and if the
other way i* by inflicting pain, who can doubt which
way every Government ought to take? It seems to
me ttiat no proposition can be more stiange than
this: that ttie .State ought to have the power to
Punish and 1- bound to punish its subjects for not
Knowing their duty, but at the s„me time is to take
uo step to let them know what their duty is."
I might cue many facts and illustrations to
show why education cannot be promptly and
generally diffused in the American Territories
without the helping hand of the Ck'ner^l Gov-
ernment, and certain it is they cannot be set-
tled in the manner best calculated to promote
their development uutil common schools are
well established.
Upon every account, so far as the absolute
needs and highest interests of the Territories
are concerned, should this bill, or a more lib-
eral one, be promptly passed by the American
Congress.
_ The letters I have received from the various
-territories all strongly set forth the urgent
need of such legislation, and the Commis-
sioner of Education, who has given the sub-
ject much thought, writes to me that he is
" very much distressed by the general neglect
of public instruction m the Territories."
f cannot better conclude my necessarily
hurried remarks on this, the only opportunity
granted mo to discuss a great question, upon
which I had hoped to speak at length and
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 43.
with care, than by quoting the following from
his last report:
. '* After a careful examination of all the sources of
^tormation last year, the population of the District
or Columbia and the Territories wag put down at
seven hundred thousand, the number of Indians
more or less directly cared for by the General Gov-
eroment m the several State? was found to be one
hundred thousand, making a tota i of over eight hun-
dred thousand. lor all this population the national
(xovernment is as directly and intimately responsi-
ble in all particulars a.<s aretheseveral State govern-
| meats for their own citizens. Xo element of this
responsibility more completely underlies all others
than education. It determines both the capaci*y
tor sentiment and action.
" In the early history of the Government a lively
appreciation of this responsibility was -hown. Few
acts stand out more conspicuously in the annals of
those times than the ordinances which determined
the character of the civilization of the northwestern
territory. Moreover, the early settlers were chiefly
from those portions of the Union mo^t advanced,
and they were likely to be the roos't enterprising
oi the section from which they came. Foreign in-
terference, possible or actual, in reference to
boundaries, perhaps quickencd public attention.
01 this nothing nowex.>t- to exr-ife apprehension or
put the country upon ns guard. Tne Territories are
securely our own. Upon, indeed, to immigration
; from all the world, portions of the?n are as fully
j controlled by the higher elements or our oivihza-
i tion as any part of inc.* co*mtrv, while in others
! foreign immigration is much greater than formerly,
and in some the mass of the population, ns in New
Mexico and Utah, are of foreign birth or parentage;
thus presenting reason for .tnxiet\ that there should
exist from the firt-i all th-.-e ii.srltutiou-. e.-pccially
common schools upon whir-h in ? per-uhar sense we
mu«t depend for the formation of a character fully
m harmony with the sen Hindus ;u:d practices which
el.-ew here prevail, and whim ;r<- th-jglo.-v of our Kind.
" II i- not enough thar the 1o-m 1 institutions
of liberty is recognized in the stature;- and govern-
ment* ot these Territories. Tno^e N-.-irumeni.aiities
calculated to inspire a love of freedom, and an un-
derstanding and appreciation of its objects, cus-
toms, and laws, shouid be-active, universal, and
efficient."
The Tariff.
SPEECH OF IIOX. JOIIX RITCHIE,
OF MARYLAND,
Is THE HorSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
May % 1472.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Onion. <tuu having under considera-
tion tbe bill UI. ^o. tu reduce duties on im-
ports, and to reduce internal lax.es, and for other
purposes-
Mr. RITCHIE said;
Mr. Chairman : Widely as the free-trader
and the protectionist may ditfer in theory, in
practice they concur in fallowing the lotig-
i settled policy of the Government, of raising
■ its revenues chiefly from import duties, and not
by direct taxation. No on« advocates the
substitution of the la'ter. AH agree that we
shall have a tariff, the point of diiierence being
the principle that should govern its applica-
tion. While some claim that the tariff should
be constituted for protection as well as rev-
j enue, others contend that it should be treated
as a measure for revenue only. But even j
if framed on the latter basis, it must, to the
extent it designates as dutiable articles pro-
duced in this country, operate a protection
to borne industry. With either kind of tariff,
therefore, the question recurs whether the de-
gree of protection alfoided—express in the one
case, incidental in the other—is properly
distributed.
In dealing, then, with the two tariff bills
reported respectively by the majority and the
minority of tbe Comnni tee of Ways and Means,
since, while one emanates from the represent-
atives of free trade, and the other from the rep-
resentatives of protection, they alike make
dutiable, and with varying rates, a large num-
ber of articles which are pi oducea in this coun-
try. the practical question for us now to settle
is, not the vexed one of the relative merits of
free trade and protection in the abstract, but
whether the duties proposed, within the range
of the aggregate amount to be raised from the
tariff, are judiciously and fairly applied.
Now, I submit that it ought'to be a control-
ling principle in the adjustment of the tariff
that the protection it may provide should be
equitably distributed. Invidious discrimina-
tions should be avoided. No portion of the
country should be favored at the expense of
another. One class of production should not
be fostered and another oppressed. All should
be fairly considered and dealt with in view of
the general welfare and a scrupulous recog-
nition of the equality of all section-* and all
citizens before the law. Legislation that oper-
ates class favoritism, whether so intended or
not, is reprehensible, and should not be coun-
tenanced.
Assuming that the soundness of these views
will not be controverted, and that they should
be accepted as a proper standard by both free-
traders and protectionists, I find, upon exam-
ination, that both the tariff bills submitted are,
ln my judgment, obnoxious to the charge of
making an inequitable discrimination against
an industrial interest which is of much import-
ance to the general welfare, and in which my
State is especially interested, namely, that of
bituminous coal.
I hardly need say that I cordially share the
desire to lessen and equalize the burdens of
our present tariff. It is in many particulars
ij excessive and unequal. The amount of rev-
i! enue now raised from this source could, with
jj safety to our credit, to the great relief of eon-
j| sumers, and without detriment or injustice to
jj producers, be much reduced. In numerous
! instances existing duties are the exactions of
! class or sectional cupidity, and call loudly for
i correction.
But in undertaking to reform the tariff it
should be remembered that private greed and
| sectional aggrandizement are not the only
t causes of exorbitant duties. A chief and
j potent one lies in the policy of the present
Administration, of—in addition to retaining
! an enormous gold surplus in the Treasury and
meeting the heavy amount of interest—paying
off annually about one hundred million dollars
of the principal of the public debt: a policy so
directly necessitating a high tariff that it is
suspected of being cunningly devised in the
interest of the protectionists.
As the Government, unlike the private in-
dividual, who may hold productive property
or enjoy tbe receipts of a lucrative business,
owns no profitable estates, conducts no money-
making enterprises, and has no resources bat
taxation in its various forms, it follows that
whatever amount it may expend ia liquidation
of the public debt roust be first collected from
the people.
When it is boasted, therefore, that one hun-
dred millions of the public debt has been paid,
it does not mean that by a wise management of
public resources that are distinct and apart
from the private wealth of the country so much
of the financial burden has been lifted from
the people and borne by the Government, but,
stripped of all specious guise and indirection,
it is simply and nakedly equivalent to saying
that one hundred millions have been first levied
from the private property and private earn-
ings of the people, from the savings of econ-
omy and the wages of labor, aud then trans-
ferred to the public creditors. Indeed, the
amount expendedby the Governmentis merely
the unerring index by which to ascertain
exactly to what extent private resources and
private enterprise have been drained and
burdened.
The amount raised by the Government may
show, indeed, that the actual wealth of the
country has not been exhausted, ou the plain
arithmetical principle that you cannot pay
what you do not have ; but that is the only
financial significance there is in such an ex-
