1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4309
part of an inch the boat goes head foremost,
and everybody in it goes under, instead of its
dropping on the water. It is entirely useless.
There are various other contrivances equally
expensive and equally worthless.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to hear
about the others. This second one my friend
is quite mistaken about, I think.
Mr. STEWART. Let me say a word about
that arrangement for dropping boats when
ships are.in motion. I do not care about any
particular patent, or which one is adopted ;
but I say if you use hooks on the boats, in
case of a fire_ at sea it is impossible to
get them out; it is impossible to disengage
the hooks and get them down safely into the
water. When the vessel is in the slightest
motion or in a sea yon cannot let them go.
You seldom hear of passengers being saved
where a ship is lost unless the ship is lost upon
the rocks. Some years ago a bill was passed
requiring that such an apparatus should be
adopted as would allow the boats to be disen-
gaged while the ship was in motion. I pre-
sume a dozen patents have been patented
since then. Some of them, I am told, are a
success, and a great many are failures; but
that a boat can be lowered when a ship is in
motion is a certain fact. I think they will tell
you at the War Department or at the Treas-
ury Department that this patent was a success.
If such an apparatus can be contrived, it
ought to be adopted on board our vessels.
You have encouraged men to attempt to invent
something of this sort, and they have suc-
ceeded. If any particular one is a failure,
very well, do not use it, but if you can obtain
an apparatus by which boats can be disen-
gaged while the ship is in motion, you can
save life in that way.
My friend from Michigan must bear in mind
that ship-owners who send ships to sea are
not very anxious about the lives of passen-
gers if the ship is lost, and they will not do
anything more than you compel them to do.
I have been to sea frequently when there was
not a single boat that was fit for use, not a
single boat that could be got off in an hour.
J saw it tried ones on "the Pacific ocean. A
poor fellow fell overboard, and the ship went
over four miles before they could get a boat
loose. That was in still water, and yet the
ship went four miles before she could back up.
The man was there swimming around, but
finally before they could get back to him with
a boat he was caught by a shark. In that ease
nearly an hour was lost before they could get
the boat disengaged and get, back to the man.
With a decent apparatus to lower the boat his
life would have been saved. But ship-owners
are not particular about those things. It costs
something to keep them in repair and take
charge of them, and it is some little trouble,
to be sure. But this bill requires affirmatively
that they shaH put hooks there; it does not
leave it discretionary with them.
Mr. CHANDLER. The bill as reported by
the committee of conference does that.
Mr. STEWART. The bill as you have
reported it from the committee requires
hooks.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly ; they are to
have a boat " in all respects a good, substan-
tial. and safe sea boat, with life-lines and de-
taching-hooks attached, and properly supplied
with oars," &c.
Mr. CONKLING. Why does the Senator
require them to have that which he said a
moment ago ought to be dispensed with ?
Mr. CHANDLER. This bill requires them
to have it.
Mr. CONKLING. But my friend said the
act of 1871 required that, and this bill was to
get rid of that, among other things.
Mr. CHANDLER. It provided for another
one of these patent arrangements. I was on
a revenue-cutter that was supplied with these
patent machines that go with a jerk 
Mr. STB WART. The only difference be- !
tween this and that is that you have left out
the requirement that they shall have such
apparatus as shall drop the boat when the
ship is in motion. That is all there is of it.
Mr. CHANDLER. That never has been
done, and cannot be done.
Mr. STEWART. I have seen it done a
dozen times. I have seen it done when a ship
was going sixteen knots an hour, and the boat
with a dozen persons on board.
Mr. CHANDLER. I was on board a rev-
enue-cutter supplied with that detaching-appa-
ratus, and a man fell overboard and was
drowned, and the boat did not go a quarter of
a mile, instead of four miles, because they did
not and could not and never did use that
detaching-apparatus.
Mr. STEWART. Probably they did not
have a good one, or did not have it in repair.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will tell
me of any ship anywhere that ever used one
of those patent machines, I shall be very much
obliged to him.
Mr. STEWART. I saw a ship leave San
Francisco, go outside of the Head at the rate
of sixteen knots an hour and drop one of those
boats with twelve persons in it, and it fell on
the water, and they went back to the city in the
boat. I saw that done myself.
Mr. CHANDLER. This apparatus, when
entirely new, and on a trial trip, will work
sometimes for a week or two ; but let a storm
come or let anything come that bends the rod
the sixteenth part of an inch, and one end or
the other of the boat goes down first and who-
ever is on board goes to the bottom.
^ Mr. STEWART. Have you tried them all ?
There are several.
Mr. CHANDLER. No; I have not tried
them all.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
understands (although he frankly confesses
he has not read the bill and has no inform-
ation enabling him to be specific,) that the
owners of steamboats are subject to such rig-
orous and sweeping liabilities that prudent
men are unwilling to invest in that, kind of
property. How wide will be the gulf between
the Senator and myself wheu I say to him that
no property, no industry, no adventure involv-
ing the care of life and property is clothed
with such immunities or is to the same extent
exempt from liability as the property of steam-
boat owners! Will the lawyers of the Senate
give me any reason why a different rule of
liability should apply to common carriers of
passengers by stPam on land and common
carriers of passengers by steam on water?
Will any Senator'tell me why the carriage of
passengers or property on water, itself a dan-
gerous element, by means of steam, should
not be attended by the liability for injuries
caused by negligence imposed by law on com-
mon carriers on land? There is no good rea-
son. I can show, nevertheless, that as the law
stands now a great body of steamboat owners
are exempted by special statute from the lia-
bility applicable to every man who uses steam
on land to carry passengers, and even to the
man who uses steam to drive machinery; and
I can show that, if this bill becomes a law,
the owner of a craft described in its broad
provisions will not be liable for any act of
negligence likely to be done leading to the
destruction of life. The common law appli-
cable to common carriers is familiar; so is the
law which rests on railways carrying passengers
by steam.
I have in my hand a case, no higher author-
ity than many another, a case decided by the
highest court in my State, which lays down the
rule of liability. It states the settled law. In
speaking of it to my honorable friend from
Ohio [Mr. Thtibman'] the other day, and dis-
cussing the rale in the State of Ohio, he re-
ferred me to a leading case from that State in
which I find this case cited as laying down the
true doctrine, and it is the doctrine as far as I
know in every State, defining the liability of
common carriers of passengers by steam on
land. This is the case of Hegemart vs. The
Western Railroad Company.
_ Hegeman having paid his fare, took his seat
m one of the carriages of the Western
railway. The train was thrown from the
track and he was injured. It turned out after- "
ward that the accident arose from a fire crack
in an iron axle. The axle was bought of the
Springfield Car Company, most approved
makers. It was examined and tested by every
external mode, every mode open to the rail-
road company ; and upon being tried after the
accident took place, it was impervious to any
test which could have been applied after the
purchase by the railway company.
At the trial below, the court held that Hege-
man completed his case when he proved the
accident alone. Why? Because the law pre-
sumed negligence at once, and the onus was
put upou the railroad company to defend
itself, and the judge charged the jury that it
could not defend itself except by showing that
that accident came from a*cause which no
human skill, care, or foresight could prevent.
The court charged the jury that the railroad
company must not only supply itself with the
most approved appliances, but it must resort
to every test that science and skill had
revealed to provide against every peradvon-
ture in which its appliances might fail, and
that even then it was liable for all the negli-
gence of all its agents.
My honorable friend from Wisconsin [Mr.
Howe] with his keen and careful scrutiny will
observe that I am not speaking o,f the case of
an employ^ sueing his employer'for the negli-
gence of a coemp)oy6. There is a wholly
different rule of law. 1 am speaking, as I shall
speak in a moment touching this bill, of a
passenger maimed or scalded by an accident
while one of these carriers has him in charge.
The court, I say, charged that although the
carrier was not an insurer, the onus was upon
him in case of accident to show that the acci-
dent happened despite the utmost exercise of
care, skill, and foresight.
What will the Senate say if it turns out
that under one of the provisions of the bill
before us the carrier is never to be called
upon to prove diligence or care on his part ?
What will the Senate say if it turns out that
the passenger must prove not only the acci-
dent, but must prove, in addition to that, act-
ual negligence before he can recover? If I
were speaking to lawyers alone I think I might
stop here and suppose I had roused some sur-
prise. But what will lawyers and laymen say
when I show them that one of the provisions
of the bill is to the effect that a passenger
cannot recover although he shows actual
negligence, unless he shows actual negli-
gence by the owners themseslve? Every
employfe, the pilot, the engineer, the stoker,
may be guilty of the grossest negligence; yet
the passenger is to be remediless against the
owner of the boat. This is the law now as to
some classes of steamboats. Yet my honor-
able friend from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] thinks
that so visited are the owners of steamboat
property with liability now that they flinch
from these investments!
Let me call the attention of the Senate to
the act of 1851, which I regard even in its lim-
ited application as an extraordinary statute,
and let me show the honorable Senator by that
act that a large part of the steamboat owners
of the country are exempt already from liabil-
ity which applies to everybody else, even to
the man who owns or drives a stage-coach on
a county road, or on a prairie. I read :
"That no owner or owners of any ship or vessel"—
Mr. THURMAN. What is the' Senator
reading from ?
Mr. CONKLING. The act of 1851; and be-
fore I read farther let me call the attention of
tii,; Senate lo these words, "of any ship or
vessel." The act does not extend to inland
