THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
If this measure shall be forced through Con-
gress it will drain millions from your Treasury.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DA.WES. I withdraw my amendment.
- Mr. KELLEY. I renew it, and express the
hope that it will be adopted. I indorse all
that was said by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Daives,] and
I am happy to be able for once to agree with
my colleague from New York, [Mr. Brooks,]
on the committee, and indorse ail that he has
said upon the subject.
England grants subsidies amounting to more
than $6,000,000 a year to her mail and other
steamers, and maintains her supremacy upon
the sea by a system of liberal protection.
This is the mode by which she fosters and pro-
tects her manufacturers, thus paying largely
the freight on their productions to foreign
markets and on raw material brought them
from the distant East and the tropics. I hope
we will grant sufficient subsidies to secure fre-
quent mail service between this country and
Japan and China, and between this country
and Brazil and all the States of South Amer-
ica. They are the people with whom we
ought to promote trade. They produce what
"we need tor food and manufactures; they need
what wo produce from the field, the forest,
and the workshop. Between us and them
trade may be maintained that shall be mu-
tually profitable. Not so between us and the
manufacturing nations of I he world. Imports
from the countries of' the East and those
within the tropics come to supplement and
augment our industries5 but tliose from the
manufacturing nations of Europe come to
contend with, undermine, and overthrow them.
The Pacific ocean is the field on which we
are to achieve commercial supremacy. Gen-
tlemen talk about freights we are paying to
British carriers since the destruction of our
commerce by her privateers. The amount is
heavy; but the day is now come when Eng-
land and continental nations begin to pay us
freight. If we promote direct trade with
China and Japan the-balance must soon turn
in our favor. Crossing the great iron highway
of the continent, last summer, I read a dis-
patch received by an officer of the road, who
was upon the train, to the effect that a contract
liad that day been made for the transportation
.of nine hundred and thirty tons of tea, ninety-
three car-loads paying first-class freight to the
American people. But for our great highways
this money would have gone to swell the prof-
its of British commerce and confirm English
supremacy upon the ocean.
It is more than a quarter of a century since
I uttered the prophecy that those who then
heard me would live to see the day when Eng-
land's mail from the Orient would cross the
iron ways of this country. I had not then fore-
seen the completion of the Suez canal. Yet,
in spite of the completion and success of that
magnificent work, the day is coming when
England shall pay tribute to us for the carry-
ing of not only much of her trade, but of por-
tions of her mails, if we shall have the sagacity
and courage to avail ourselves of the opportun-
ities open to us through our ports on the Pacific.
Should we have mail service more than once
a mouth with the four hundred and twenty
millions of China and the forty millions of
Japan, just coming forth from seclusion and
splendid barbarism into European life and the
civilization of to-day, choosing -wisely from
among the institutions and the appliances of
all the advanced nations of the world ; or shall
we restrict ourselves to occasional inter-
course with them, or to mail service but once
a month ?
Sir, there is not a laborer in the workshop,
there is not an owner of a grain growing field,
or of a mine yielding mineral substances, that
■would not be benefited by promoting the fre-
quent and active interchange of thought and
trade between oar Pacific ports and the great
West that lies before us in the East of earlier
times.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KERB. I am not surprised by any
arguments that I have heard on the other side
in defense of this proposed subsidy. _ They are
precisely such as the people of this country
must naturally look for and expect. They are
just such as are suggested always by the self-
seeking few of this country and of this world,
who have power to move the legislation of the
country, and to direct it for them and in their
interest. All this plea for subsidies comes
from the few who are organized in corpora-
tions and control the wealth of the country,
who desire to reap princely fortunes, and
who want all the people by the power of
statutes to be made to pay tribute to them.
It comes from corporations, it does not come
from the people. They are not here asking
that you shall subsidize lines of steamships.
They do not come here and ask you to subsi-
dize railroads all over the country. They want
nobody subsidized. They want everybody to
be left free and equal. All that they ask at
the hands of their Representatives is equal and
honest laws, which shall give the same privi-
leges to all the people.
My friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, regrets that he cannot agree with me ;
and, Mr. Chairman, tenfold more do I regret
that I cannot agree with him. I cannot con-
cur in any of his assumptions of fact, no more
than I can in those of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kefxky.] These state-
ments are unsupported by proof. The gentle-
man says there have been imported into San
Francisco seventeen million pounds of tea
for local consumption alone. How did he dis-
cover that fact? Where is the evidence that
it was brought there for local consumption
alone? Where is the evidence that it would
not have come there without the aid of sub-
sidies at all? How does he know it will not
continue to come without the aid of any sub-
sidy ? Why does it come at all? Because
the growth of population and business there
create a demand for precisely what is brought
there by these steamship lines, without which
demand none of this commerce would ever
come. Not a dollar's worth, not a penny's
worth would come without the aid of that
originating demand which constitutes the
spring and the source of all commerce. Con-
gress did not send the people there, or build
up the cities, or open the farms, or create the
wealth, intelligence, or civilization. Neither
did subsidies do these things. They came
rather in spite of Congress. The pretense that
the existence of this steamship line created
all that commerce is delusive, it is sham, and
not true. It was the preexisting wants of that
country and of Japan, the self-executing laws
of human intercourse, that brought into being
that line of ships. So came most of our rail-
roads, and so spring up all the great enter-
prises of men.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Kelley,] in his customary vein of laudation
of extorted tribute, says that England has
made herself the mistress of the seas by liberal
protection to her steamship lines. But, sir,
he knows, and every intelligent man in this
country is rapidly coming to know, that Eng-
land's power, not alone in her shipping, but in
all her commercial relations, and in her mighty
domestic production and trade, arises out of
her sensible, her honest, and rational system
of free trade—free trade in ships, free trade
in woolens, free trade in cottons, free trade in
leather, free trade in salt and coal, free trade
in every industry that can engage the atten-
tion or the hands of a human being.
Mr. KELLEY. The people of New Hamp-
shire will show you to-day what they think
about that.
Mr. KERB. The people of this country are
coming to understand that England has built
up her magnificent triumph in the commerce
of the world by making iron free and steel free,
by removing all manacles from the bauds of
toil. Yes, even pig iron free, and everything
else that enters at all into the construction of
a commercial marine. Hence her command
of the commerce of the world. "Protection,"
as defined by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Kelley] was for a century the bane and
curse of England. Her prosperity and grand,
triumph came only with the adoption of free
trade. When England restored personal lib-
erty to her citizens in the great pursuits of
human industry and trade, then her power
became firmly anchored and lier success com-
plete.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr.
Wheeler reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had
under consideration the Union generally, and
particularly the bill {II. R. No. 1070) making
appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department for the year ending June
30th, 1873, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
of the following title; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act S. No. 442 to amend an act entitled
" An act to provide for a building suited to the
use of the post office, the pension and revenue
officers, and the judicial officers of the United
States, in the city of Trenton, New Jersey,"
approved March 3, 1871.
And then, on motion of Mr. Garfield, of
Ohio, (at four o'clock and forty minutes p. m.,)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees *
By Mr. ACKER: The memorial of William
H. Brangan and 32 others, workers in various
industries, citizens of Montgomery county,
Pennsylvania, praying the repeal of the duties
on tea, coffee, ar.d such other ai tides as can-
not be produced in the United States, and
remonstrating against any change in tiie duties
on articles which can be successfully produced
in this country.
By Mr. AMBLER: The petition of Clark
Hall, of Steubenville, Ohio, praying the pas-
sage of an act allowing him back pension as a
soldier of the war of 1812.
By Mr. DLFELL: The remonstrance of E.
P. Howe, J. JR. Pharis, II. H. Boone, and 80
others, citizens of Onondaga county, New
York, protesting against the renewal of letters-
patent to L- L. Langstroth and It. C. Otis for
Langstroth's patent bee-hive.
By Mr. GETZ : The petition of Jonas Kel-
ler, George S. Miller, and 34 others, citizens
of Berks county, Pennsylvania, for a modifi-
cation of the present unfair and partial laws
regulating the distillation of whisky, so that
distilleries may be licensed according to their
actual capacity, such capacity to be ascer-
tained by practical men.
Also, an address of citizens of Pennsylvania,
calling the attention of Congress to the exist-
ing unfair and partial character of the laws
governing the distillation of whisky, and rec-
ommending such modifications as will pro-
tect small distilleries from being crushed out
of a legitimate business by large and wealthy
monopolies.
By Mr. HALDEMAN : The petition of
