674
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 2,
Ho. oe Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Ritchie.
42d Cons....2d Sess.
hibit. It by 110 means follows that the amount
may not be disproportiolied to current ability ;
that it may not be in excess of what the returns
of property and business can fairly bear ; and
that thus the capital, so to speak, of the coun-
try is being consumed in meeting the exaction.
As no one questions the solvency of the
country, our credit does not require to be sus-
tained by extortionate levies: and while we
may be able to comply with the demands of
the customs officer and the internal tax-gath-
erer, it is still nevertheless true that to the
extent their demands may be lessened will
business be stimulated and property enhanced
in value.
Surely, as the country is just emerging from
an exhausting war, and is not yet, by reason
of protracted military rule and political dis
order in an extensive and naturally productive
section of it., fully restored to the developing
agencies of peace, it should (or the present
be granted the fullest exemption from finan-
cial burden practicable.
No exaction hut what is absolutely unavoid-
able should be imposed. And, as in a few
years, it' not overstrained, our capacity for pay-
ing the principal of our debt will be doubled,
such increase of our ability to pay will be
equivalent to a reduction ot our indebtedness
one half. It is obvious that as the assessable
basis, or wealth, is increased the weight of
pecuniary obligation is relatively lessened. It
would seem, then, to be the part of wisdom (it
being within our own option by the terms of
our indebtedness) to giaduate our liquidation
accoiding to our increasing ability to pay.
Why should a debtor embarrass his business,
eat lip his profits, and druw on his capital, in
straining todischaige his note before it is due,
when he knows th.it by waiting till its maturity
he will be able to pay it without discomfort,
and have accumulated a surplus, and extended
his business besides?
If it were necessary to satisfy the public
creditor that the debt is secure, a rate of tax-
ation sufficient for that purpose might be
justified ; but as the creditor, so tar from
doubting our solvency, would gieatly prefer
that his claim should not lie discharged, it
seems to be most, short-sighted and unthrifty
to strain and oveiload the properly and busi-
ness pursuits and enterprises of the people,
as is now done, to effect a premature and
rapid extinguishment of the public debt, when
by a more gradual process we could lighten
the weight while it is felt the heaviest, and m
a few years, made fewer by lessening the bur-
den now, pay it off without comparatively
feeling it. Moreover, the burden imposed by
the present policy as to tlie public debt is not
only the amount expressly laised lor its annual
reduction, but also includes the increased
price paid by consumers on articles on which
duty is laid in order to provide lor this reduc-
tion ; and yet so enamored is this Adminis-
tration of its present unsound and delusive
financiering, that it not only imposes the
hea\y buiden indicated, but incurs besides
the cost of the premium on gold in its effort
for the payment of the debt before it is due
and in creditors who prefer to indulge I No
wonder that a system so injudicious and waste-
ful is suspected of being devised m the inter-
ests of those who enjoy the fruits of the ex-
orbitant tariff rates that it rendeia inevitable.
But to return from what may be somewhat
of a digression to the consideration of the
degree of reduction now proposed, 1 repeat
that the reduction should be i quitably dis-
tributed. I protest that it is not just, that almost
the only article in which Maryland ts inter-
ested of the four thousand that enjoy protec-
tion should be singled out for a grossly larger
reduction than nearly evt,ry oijier article in the
long catalogue, while the giant find pampered
monopolies that are chargeable with tjie real
causes of grievance are left comparatively
undisturbed. In the case of no other of the
principal staples ot pioductive industry is the
percentage of proposed reduction so great
and that of the proposed actual duty so small
as m that of the article of bituminous coal. It
is a singular, not to say suspicious coinci-
dence, that while the majority and the minority
of the committee—the accredited champions,
respectively, of free tiade and ot protection—
differ irreconcilably in most of their views,
and as to many items, they readily unite in
recommending a reduction of the duty on bitu-
minous coal, and to precisely the same extent.,
namely, from the existing duty of one dollar
and a quarter per ton down to fifty cents per ton.
W hile the stony foundations of this massive
edifice are almost made to quake, and the air
is literally, as well as figuratively, rent in the
shock of collision between these apparently
implacable warriors, when they come in the
surging of the strife to that part of the field
underlaid with bituminous coal, some subtle
enchantment suddenly steals over their fiery
spirits, and, reining their chargers, dropping
their lances, a truce is called, and, in a gra-
cious spiiitof propitiation, a sacrifice is offered
to the asperities of both sides by a proposed
joint immolation of the leading mining indus-
try of my State. By yielding us up to the
vengeance of free trade the knights of protec-
tion secure proportionate immunity for inter-
ests they prize more dearly, while, by a relent-
less massacre ol our inlantile interest, which
marshals but a small community for its de-
fense, the doughty knights in the advance line
of free trade win an-easy victory, and m,ike a
show of laurels that, cover their repulse in
quarters where the forces were more equal
and the light more stubborn.
While calico has'been approached with cau-
tion, wool has been treated with a respect
bordering on veneration, and iron, pig at
that, has been most circumspectly assailed;
when bituminous coal becomes in its turn the
object of attack, the forces of protection
actually reenforce those of free trade m a
common and furious assault that aims to be
nothing short of a massacre—an assault whose
vmdictiveuess is measurably explained and
proportioned by the known smaliness of the
torce interested in its defense arid the degree
of impunity with which so truculent an on-
slanght cau be made.
Sir, it is a sorry sight to behold the chosen
leaders of the free-trade onset, retiring with
confessed discomfiture Irom their assault upon
the citadels of piotection, and surrendering,
almost, with a salute ot colors, much for which
they contended to the serried ranks that cham-
pion the great industries of the North and
East, turn with fury upon little Maryland,
there to wreak their sense of disappointment
and retrieve something of their last prestige 1
Justly may we complain, I think, when the
free-trade side of the committee concedes to
the other a duty of from fifty to sixty per cent,
on their favont.e staples, and at the same time
reduces the protection on soft coal to the piti-
ful figure of hut nineteen per cent. No other
leading commodity has been reduced in the
same proportion or accorded so little actual
duty. It, is of this inequality I complain, not
of the effort to lower the tariff.
To show somewhat in detail how invidious
and gross is the discrimination, I need but
state that even the bill reported from the free-
trade side of the committee, which aims at a
more thorough revision than the other, retains
a duty of foriy-nine per cent, upon wool, fifty-
eight per cent, upon cloth, ninety-three per
cent, upon flannel, eighty-eight per cent, upon
blankets, eighty-two per cent, upon woolen
hats, lorty-eight per cent, upon woolen shiits,
seventy-three per cent, upon worsted goods,
fifty eight per cent, upou women's and chil-
dren's dress goods, twenty-seven to thirty-
nine per cent, upon cottons, forty-nine per
cent, upon calicoes, thirty-nine per cent, upon
pig iron, thirty-seven per cent, upon railroad
bars, thirty per cent, upon hammers and
sledges, thirty-five per cent, upon manufac-
tured steel, fifty per cent, upon salt, twenty
per cent, upon leather, and, as I have stated,
but nineteen per cent,, upon bituminous coal;
thus secuiing to all those other leading arti-
cles largely more than double the percentage
of protection proposed for coal. I am will-
ing that coal shall bear its fair proportion of
curtailment in the effort to lighten the general
burden, and I will promptly agree to a reduc-
tion from the present rate of one dollar and
a quarter to one dollar per ton, although that
is a greater percentage than the proposed
average of reduction Surely it is not a just
method of revision to subject a particular
industry suddenly to double the loss of pio-
teciion imposed on others of the same genetal
class and leave it with not half as much abso-
lute duty.
We stand ready and anxious to cooperate
in a wise, thorough, and just revision of the
tariff, but we demand an equitable distribu-
tion of the custom duties. lu all fairness, if
you taise the cry for free coal, see that yon
mingle with it a cry for free cottons, free wooi-
ens, and free iron also. But we can jom no
discordant chorus that clamors for free coal
and protected calico in the same breath. We
will keep pace with vou in an intelligent gen-
eral reduction of the tariff; but we ask that
our young and struggling industry shall not
be selected as a victim or a scape-goat, but
shall be brought within the pale of the same
consideration you extend to others. True,
we do not, possess imposing phalanxes of Hep-
resi-ntatives to defend and enforce our just
claims, and wage a war of retaliation where
they rfre unheeded. We have not the power,
capital, and combinations that the long fos-
tered, influential industries of the North and
New England can bring to bear in their be-
half. Our appeal is not to your sense of
safety, but to your sense of justice. This,
however, should but strengthen us with high-
minded men ; for the truly noble are prompt-
est to accord the right, where the strength is"
lacking to coerce it.
So far as the clamor for a reduction of the
duty on coal claims to be justified by the ex-
toriionate prices heretofore caused by strikes
and combinations, it, is at once disingenuous
and baseless. Those strikes and combinations
have been confined exclusively to the anthra-
cite variety. Moreover, the statistics of the
last fifteen years demonstrate that the pi ice of
bituminous coal has not sj mpat hized witlnhat
of anthracite, as was signally illustrated dur-
ing the memorable hard-coal strike of 1871,
which lasted nearly four months, when that
kind of coal went up immensely in piice, while
soft coal was actually lower during the whole
season than it had been the year previous.
This want of correspondence in price is due
in a measure to toe creditable business prin-
ciples on'which the soft-coal trade has been
conducted, but is also due to an important
fact which should pievent the confounding of
the two varieties, either in public prejudice or
taiifi legislation. The hard and solt coal are
practically different commodities. While in
an emergency they may be forced in an im-
perfect degree to take each other's place for
some purpose-, they are respectively so supe-
rior i-i the uses to which they are commonly
applied, and baveeaoh such special adaptabili-
ties, that tbey cannot be treated to advantage
as similar or exchangeable eommoaines. An-
thracite is especially suited for domestic fuel;
bituminous is immeasurably superior for gas
and steam generation. They will not be sub-
stituted for each other except under forced
