1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3415
is unpleasant to object; and bills are passed
in that way without consideration. I think we
ought not to do it. I am not going to make a
positive objection to throw this bill over on
the ground of an objection; but I appeal to
the Senator from Maine, who I think agrees
with me in regard to the passage of bills in
this way, whether he had better not let this
bill go to a committee.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let it goto the Committee
on Commerce. That adds a little tape to it
and does no good.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state thatbyunanimousconsentthe Committee
on Commerce have this evening for the con-
sideration of their reports. Will there be
objection to their reporting this bill this even-
ing?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
The bill (H. R. No. 2761) to remove political
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth article
of the amendments of the Constitution of the
United States was read twice by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill- will
be referred to the select. Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know whether
there is any object in referring that, because
the committee have reported repeatedly.
Mr. HAMLIN. No, but I think there is as
much occasion for it as in the other case.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it go, then.
Mr. HAMLIN. No. I would not let it go.
There is no necessity in this case, and there
was not in the other.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The other was a new
bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. This is a new bill, and has
different provisions in it from any bill which
has come to us before.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then let it be referred.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is no earthly neces-
sity for referring it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It goes on the Calendar
if it is not referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ Certainly; there
is no objection to the bill going on the Calen-
dar, and it will be placed there without being
referred.
DARIEN EXPEDITION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of the Navy,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of the 8th instant, Commander
Selfridge's report and maps of the survey of
the Isthmus of Darien ; and a motion of Mr.
Hamlin to print the papers was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire also to make a
motion to print an extra number of copies.
The committee can judge much better than I
can the proper number, and I will not there-
fore fix any number. I move that a blank
number of copies be printed, and let that
motion also be referred to the Committee on
Printing.
The motion was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WEST. I desire to give notice that on
Thursday, after the expiration of the morning
hour, I shall ask the consideration of the Sen-
ate to th£ bill making appropriations for the
military service of the United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that Thursday has been assigned for
reports of the Committees on Indian Affairs
and Public Lands, and the evening for the
Post Office Committee. Friday has not been
assigned.
Mr. WEST. I made the remark more with
a view of ascertaining the orders.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Friday has not
been assigned.
Mr. WEST. Then I give notice that on
Friday I will call up the Army appropriation
SALE OF COAL LANDS.
Mr. STEWART. The coal bill is now, I
believe, in condition to be passed; the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Thurman] has perfected some
amendments in which I concur, and if after
the morning hour the Senate will allow it to
be voted upon, I shall be much obliged.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We can decide that
after the morning business is over. Let us
go through with the morning business. ■
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois objects, and petitions are in
order.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. COLE presented a memorial of the
Legislature of the State of California, asking
for the establishment of a signal station at
the city of Sacramento ; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SCOTT. I present the memorial of
General George G. Meade, James Pollock,
Henry C. Carey, George H. Stuart, and a num-
ber of others, calling attention to the National
Homestead at Gettysburg for the orphans of
soldiers and sailors of the United States,
stating thai it is now sheltering and educat-
ing soldiers' orphans who are natives of the
States of New York, Connecticut, Vermont,
New Jersey, Pennsylvania. Maryland, Florida,
Tennessee, Ohio, and Michigan, and asking
that an appropriation of $50,000 be made for
perfecting the academic.il and industrial de-
partments and enlarging the buildings of that
institution. I also present another memorial
from a number of other citizens on the same
subject. I move that both be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. NYE presented a petition of the chiefs
and councilmen of the Shawnee tribe of In-
dians, praying for the repeal of the fourteenth
section of an act entitled "An act making ap-
propriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for theyear ending June 30, 1871,
and for other purposes," approved July 15,
1870, and asking that all proper conveyances
of lands from said Indians may be speedily
approved and patents issued in the premises;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
RKPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
555) regulatingthe distribution ofprize-money,
reported adversely thereon ; and it was post-
poned indefinitely.
Mr. SHERMAN. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2505)
to provide for the issue of bonds in lieu of de-
stroyed or defaced bonds of the United States,
have instructed me to report it back with an
amendment in the nature of a substitute ; and
as this covers a great number of bills now pend
ing of a private character I ask to have it read,
and if any Senator objects to it I will not then
urge its present consideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That- is an important
bill. Is it printed?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir, it is printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we ought to see
that bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to the Senator
that this is abill ofagencral character, reported
from the Committee on Finance, modifying the
House bill. It provides simply by general law
the circumstances under which a person may
get duplicate bonds in a clear case of the
destruction of the original bonds. If the
Senator objeets to it, I will not ask its consid-
eration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that I
shall object to it; but I think that is a very
important bill, and it ought to be strictly
guarded. If it can be so guarded as to protect
the Treasury I certainly should favor the bill
if we can safely pass it, as it will save some
trouble in regard to special bills.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senate will allow
me, I will state further that this same bill was
passed by the Senate at the last Congress, but
was not reached by the House. Since then
the House have taken up the subject and
passed this bill. This bill of the House was
sent to the Secretary of the Treasury, very
carefully examined, some modifications sug-
gested by him, and adopted by the Commit-
tee on Finance; so that the bill as it now
stands is as carefully guarded as we can
guard it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is this the precise bill
we passed ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is more stringent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to look
at it before it is considered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
objects. The bill will be printed and placed
on the Calendar.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H. li. No. 2700) donating condemned cannon
balls to certain organizations for monumental
purposes, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2130) to au-
thorize an appointment in the Inspector Gen-
eral's department, reported it without amesd-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am directed
by the Committee on Finance to report back
the bill (S. No. 108C) to change the location
of the Railroad National Bank of Lowell,
Massachusetts, to the city of Boston, Massa-
chusetts. This is a brief bill, and I think
there will be no objection to it. I ask that it
be passed at this time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
reported, subject to objection.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no special
importance in that, and I want to try this
morning, if I can, after the morning business
is through, to get up the bill to establish a
court in the Indian country and see if it can-
not be passed. I think I must object to all
bills until the morning business is through.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Calvin A. Laws, reported abill (S. No. 1113)
granting a pension to Calvin A. Laws ; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1107) for the relief of William Wilson
Bowlly, collector of internal revenue for Ore-
gon, reported it without amendment.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Sallie
Gay, praying for the pay of her late husband,
Ebenezer Gay, from the 3d June, 1869, to
February 7, 1870, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs;
which was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom was referred the
memorial of William Trevitt, of Ohio, pray-
ing compensation for services as consul of the
United States al Valpaiaiso, in the republic
of Chili, from September 30, 1859, to Febru-
ary 19, 1800, when he was transferred to a
different consulate, and that the amount paid
for clerks at Valparaiso and Callao may be
refunded to him, and that he be allowed for
extra office rent, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce abill (S. No. 1314)
to repeal section fourteen of an act entitled
" An act making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
