1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43IJ
shall ever go. The causes referred to were
tried and two or three recoveries were had.
Sharp exceptions were taken, and every case
is 011 its way through the courts in the hope
of success upon some of the theories to which
I am advening. That I understand to be the
attiude of the Westfield litigation.
Mr. NORWOOD. Was the defense based
upon the statute of 1851?
Mr. CONKLING. I understand the statute
of 1851 ia involved in the case.
Mr. President, I do not mean to dilate un-
duly upon this point, and I turn to read two
provisions of the pending bill, and inasmuch
as we have been told that these provisions
have been for months before a committee of
the House, and they are commended to us for
their perfection, I want the Senate to hear
what their author in his infinite goodness and
mercy proposed and what the House adopted.
The section which I read first was stricken out
by the sub-committee of commerce here, and
hence in the Senate, and I thank the confer-
ence committee for adhering in this instance
to the position of the Senate. It is stricken
out; but I want the Senate to know what sort
of bi]l those representing this great interest
and pressing this legislation brought to us. I
read from page 24 :
And such certificate, when so granted, shall con-
tinue in lorce for one year from the date thereof:
Piovided, That the condition, arrangements, and
outfitot such steamer shall not have been materially
changed from that at the time such certificate was
granted. Wheneversuch ccitiiicate shall begranted
as aforesaid, it._ shall, in any and every court, bo
prima facie evidence that each and all the provis-
ions of this act respecting ttie building, condition,
parts, equipment, taeklc, apparel, furniture, or
appurtenances of steam vessels were complied with
at the time it was granted, and the production of
such certificate shall be proof of its own authen-
ticity.
I think so much would be pretty well, if it
stopped here, but I ask the Senate to listen
further:
If in any suit, action, or proceeding, it shall be
claimed that upon any vessel there has been any
non-compliance with any provision of this act, as
to any matter as aforesaid, while a certificate of
inspection of such vessel was in force-
That is, any time within a year—
if the owner or owners, or any officers of such ves-
sel, shall show that, as to the matter or ma'ters
complained of the vessel remained substantially in
the same condition us when the certificate was
granted, such non-compliance shall not be deemed
unseaworthiness or evidence thereof, nor shall the
vessel, or owner or owners of the same, or any part
thereof, or any offioer thereof, be in any manner
liable for loss, damage, or injury of or to lile, per-
son, or property, for, or on account of,.or arising
from, or caused by, such non-compliance.
I read this in answer to the repeated obser-
vation that the bill was carefully prepared in
behalf of the steamboat interest, maturely
considered in the House, and from the House
sent to us, and should be passed at once.
I turn now to read another provision, which
still stands in the bill as reported by the con-
ference, on page 64:
Sec. 43. That the provisions and limitations of
the act entitled "An act to limit the liability of ship-
owners, and tor other purposes," approved March
3d, 1851, except the fourth section ot said act, are
hereby extended and applied to ail vessels required
to be inspected by this act, and the owner or owners,
charterer or charterers, oliicers and mariners thereof,
and shall have the same force and effect as to such
vessels,owneror owners, charterer or ohartercrs, offi-
cers and mariners, respectively, as such provisions
and limitations now have as to the ships or vessels,
owner or owners, charterer or charterers, officers and
mariners, respectively, to which or whom the said
act now applies.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to call the Sen-
ator's attention to the fact that he read these
woids "except the fourth section of said aot"
as if they were still in the bill.
Mr. CORBE IT. That clause is stricken out.
Mr. THUliMAN. That is stricken out, and
the conference committee recommend that the
House recede from its disagreement to the
Senate amendment striking those words out.
Mr. CONKLING. If my friend will par-
don me, the Senate struck out those words.
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly they did, and
the House disagreed; and the conference com-
mittee's report recommends that the House
recede from its disagreement and leave the
words stricken out, the effect of which is to
leave them out.
Mr. CONKLING. My honorable friend
sees that reading them as they appear was au
error against myself. I read inadvertently,
as if only the residue of the provisions of the
act of 1851 were here adopted. I agree with
him as to the fact. I should have had a right
to read the section as if it applied the whole
act of 1851 to inland navigation. It does
apply the whole act.
Mr. THUliMAN. That is if the conference
committee's report be agreed to it applies to
the whole act-
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir; if the report
of the conference committee be agreed to it
applies this section of the law of 1851 as well
as others. I should have thoughtlessly given
the Senator the benefit of the mistake as I
passed along. I will read that fourth section :
That if anysuch embezzlement, loss or destruction,
shall bo suffered by several freighters or owners of
goods, wares, or merchandise, or any property what-
ever, on the same voyage, and the whole value of
the ship or vessel and her freight for the voyage,
shall not be sufficient to make compensation to ej.ch
of them, they shall receive compensation from the
owner or owners of the ship or vessel in proportion
to their respective losses.
In short, they shall share pro rata. It is a
long section and I will not read it all.
The Senator from Ohio asked me if I
mean the pending bill applies to canal-boats.
Let me, while I think of it, answer him. All
the boats that come down the Erie canal
come into the Hudson river. There is no way
for them to descend that river except in tows,
and they are towed by steam vessels, and every
one of those steam vessels, as I understand it,
is within the purview of this proposed act.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator please
tell me whether his idea is that the words
" inland navigation" as applicable to streams
not affected by tide water do not apply to the
Hudson? Then why is not the Hudson "in-
land navigation?"
Mr. CONKLING. It is.
Mr. THURMAN. Very well; then vessels
navigating the Hudson do not come within the
act of 1851 at all.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish my friend would
read that provision of the statute.
Mr. THURMAN. The last section of that
act provides that—
"This act shall not apply to the owner or owners
of any canal-boat, barge, or lighter "—
no matter where the canal- boat is, or the barge,
or the lighter—
"or to any vessel of any description whatsoever
used in rivers or inland navigation."
Mr. CONKLING. I thank my honorable
friend for reminding us so forcibly of that. I
have been trying to direct attention to it forci-
bly too. I have been trying to rivet attention
to the fact that this act of 1851, which cannot
endure the light of searching investigation,
is, by its own terms, so coufined that it does
not apply to inland vessels. Here is the pro-
posed section which spreads the act of 1851
over inland vessels.
Mr. THURMAN. That is true._
Mr. CONKLING. So I am arguing; we are
taking an act not applicable now to inland
navigation; an act the hardship of which, as
applied to the lakes and the sea, is monstrous;
an aet which is an affront to the common law
and a wrong against society, is now to be
transplanted inland and made to cover every
vessel in behalf of every man, speculator or
owner, who coins money by carrying passen-
gers or freight in vessels driven by'steam.
What is the excuse for this? Is it to be
whistled down the wind by saying, '' Oh, it is
only to get rid of patent rights; these poor
men are afflicted with patent rights as thick as
the frogs of Egypt; they are tattooed from
stem to stern with patent appliances, and they
want to scrape them off as they would scrape
barnacles from a ship." I said some days ago
that if there were nothing about this bill ex-
cept what relates to patent rights, the Senate
would not be delayed by me, and I only re-
mark that, as the law stands now, but one
appliance which is patented is imposed upon
steamboats, which this bill before us relieves.
I will give way to any Senator to tell me of
any appliance covered by a patent imposed by
existing law upon steamboats or their owners,
with one exception, that this very bill does
not continue or reimpose. I am told there is
not one. Yet we hear no end of patent rights,
and the bill is pushed upon us. With the
exception of one measure, nothing at this
session has been urged with such persistence
upon me by personal appeals and applica-
tions. I speak within bounds when I say that
my experience in Congress furnishes but one
parallel to this, in the pressure brought to
bear upon us ; if humanity were explosive like
boilers, we should not be safe uuder such
pressure. My own constitutents • and the
constituents of others are deeply interested,
and I hear Senators say there is crying need of
relief from onerous exactions of present law.
But when we come to inquire what the exactions
are, the answer is "patent rights." What
patent rights? Up to this moment I have
heard of but one patented appliance required
by existing law with which this bill dispenses;
and about that one I have a word to say.
But patent rights are not the rub.
In talking with some gentlemen, who came
to me, urgent advocates ofthis measure, I heard
the distinct confession that the two sections
which I have read, the one now stricken out
about certificates and the one applying the act
of 1851, were the sections of real value and
the object of desire. That was plainly avowed,
and still the " patent-right" glamourand daze
has been kept up to befog the Senate, and an
outcry raised to give a black eye in advance to
any opposition to the bill.
Mr. Piesident, I have spoken of one pat-
ented appliance. In the hope of being briefer,
I read from one who understands this question
very thoroughly, although not, I believe, a
steamboat man, and he has no interest in the
matter, one way or the other, as far as I know:
" In regard to the great cry against patent devioes
contained in the act of 1871, I wish to state that
there is but one such device required by that act,
namely, the steam-registering gauge, (see accom-
panying act, page 10,) which is not also required by
the bill drawn by the steamboat men themselves,
and which is now under consideration. If there is
anything else, I would like to be shown it. The
Senators who examined the bill with great care will
I think corroborate this statement. The act of 1871
gives to inspectors a discretionary power to secure
one of the safety-valves attached to the boilers, (see
page 9,) but these valves are not patented. This
provision is left out in the bill. Theactalso requires
low-water alarms in place of water-gauges on new
boilers, but many of these are not patented or the
patents have expired. For simply continuing'this
one device (thetregistering-gauge) further than they
themselves have gone in patented articles, the act
of 1871 is denounced as making a patent office of
eveiy steamboat. But this great ado about patents
is only a pretext made to cover up their nefarious
schemes tor doing away with alt restraints that are
of any value for the safety of life.''
Corroborating this, I have from the Treas-
ury Department this memorandum:
" The following are the patented devioes for the
better security of life, required to boused on steam-
boats by the act of February 23, 1871; and, also,
those required by the steambout-mcn's bili, now
pending before Congress.
"'Section six sftheact requires portable fire-extin-
guishers, and section six of the bill requires the
same.
" Section fifty-two of the aot requires life-rafts,
drags, and disengaging-taskle, for ocean and lake
steamers."
To that attention was called, and the Sena-
tor from Michigan read it in the bill.
*'Section seven of the bill requires life-rafts and
drags for ocean and lako steamers, anddisengasing-
hooks for all steamers and on all waters.
"Section eleven, sccond clause of the act, re-
quires steam-registerinsc gauges, Begistering-gauges
are omitted by the bill, and steam-gauges substi-
tuted.
"Section thirty-nine of the act, requires low-
watcr alarm gauges for new boilers."
Some of them are not patented, however,,
