i3I2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
and it is optional with the owner to adopt the
patented or the other articles.
"The bill substitutes water-gauges instead, and
reauires them to be used oil all boilers, old and new.
There are other equipments required to secure
safety, both by the act and by tne bill; euch as
safety-valves, gauge-cooks, fusible plugs, life-boats,
life-preservers, signal-lamps, &c. But these are not
covered by patents; although there are alleged im-
provements on some of them that are patented.
Section eleven, second clause of the act, gives
inspectors authority, whenever in their judgment it
is necessary for safety, to securo one of the safety-
valves from interference; or,in other words, to look
up one of the safety-valves upon tho boilers of any
steamer. But this does involve the necessity of
using a patented safety-valve.
" The bill omits this provision."
That seems a careful statement made at the
Department after examination bearing upon
this subject. I am going to read one or two
papers from the Treasury Department. Before
doing so, however, I call the attention of the
Senate—I think it will be found the attention
of the puhlic is already somewhat widely
called—to the curious difference between the
ratio of steamboat accidents before and after
the much-abused statute of 1871. Hers is a
statement compiled from the record, not made
by me, but handed me by another;
A statement, of the nwnhrr of canuahicn to Hteam vc.ttnels
throughout ike United titateH during four years end-
ing JJccemtjer 31, 1871, as reported by supcrvininu
innpeetors.
Total number lost by fire 151
Total number lust by explosions  56
Total number lost by collisions  87
lotal number lost by sinking and wroek  230
534
Total numbor of lives Inst by said disasters, 1,-115:
total a*mount of property lost, $19,80 1,8-16; Lotal
number of steamers inspoctod in 1871, :i,307.
Of tho steamers, thero woro lost on the westorn
rivers—
By firo  8S
By explosion  23
By collision.,  ;i7
By sinking, (mostly by suags) 187
337
Numbor ol'livos lost by these disaators, 6%; amount
of property lost, $8,058,100; number of steamers in-
spected in 1871, 1,077.
But one disaster (tho explosion of tho Ooeanus,
April 10,1872,) has occurred on tho iMississipi or any
otits tributaries, by which life has boon lost, since
the passage of tho su-.t of February, 1871, now over
fifteen months: while tho disiistors stated above,
all oocuriod during the thirty-night months imme-
diately preceding the passage of that act.
Mr. TIIURMAN. There never was any-
thing more inaccuratc in the world than
that statement.
Mr. CONKLING. In what regard?
Mr. THURMAN. That there has been but
one loss since this act took effect in which
lives were lost. Why, on the Mississippi, since
we have been in session, there was one of the
most terrible accidents that ever happened.
Mr. CONKLING. What was the nature
aud cause of that accident?
Mr. THURMAN. The boat, burned down,
Mr. CONKLING, Burned by action of
machinery or burned by taking fire externally?
Mr. THURMAN. I do not know how it
occurred.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to call the
attention of the Senator from New York to
one of these provisions that the committee
disagreed to in connection with fire. Here is
a provision in the second section that the Sen-
ator 
Mr. CONKL1NG. I wish the Senator would
reserve his remarks. While I finish two or three
other things, I want to say a word to the
Senator from Ohio. He corrects this state- j
ment; and his correction would seem to be in I
opposition to it. I will try to find out how the
fact is, and let the Senator know. But I have
other statements, different compilations of the
returns of the steamboat inspectors, showing
the same thing, and it seems remarkable if all
of them have been thus inaccurate they con-
cur in this respect.
Coming now to other provisions relating to
different topics, I have communications to read
from the Treasury Department. They should
be heard by the Senate. No quorum is pres-
ent now—none will be here to-night. The bill
cannot receive final action till the Senate is
here, and I would like the discussion to be
heard by those who are to vote. The papers
before me will, I think, dispel the delusion that
the steamboat interest is suffering. The ex-
tension of the present exemption to freight-
boats from the pressure restrictions which wfe
have already adopted on the motion of the
Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott] gives
all needed relief. If 1 go on to-night 1 shall
be compelled again to point out objections
to the bill when the Senate is here.
Mr. NYE. With the consent of the Senator
from New York, I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope the Senator will
not make that motion in the absence of the
chairman of the committee.
Mr. FUELING IiUYSEN. I presume he
is in the lobby.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bore-
man in the chair.) The motion is not debata-
ble. Does the Senator from Nevada with-
draw it ?
Mr. NYE. I withdraw it.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I trust I maybe
allowed to express the hope that we shall not
adjourn. VVc have, by unanimous consent,
fixed the civil appropriation bill for to-morrow
at twelve o'clock. We know that the morning
hour will bo taken up with other business..
The effect of an adjournment to-night, I fancy,
is simply to kill this bill. I hope, therefore,
that the friends of the bill will stand by it, and
let ua come to a conclusion about it. I do not
see that there is any necessity whatever for
adjourning over to to-morrow in order to dis-
pose of this bill. We can dispose of it to-night
as well as any time. If we adjourn over, it is
killing the bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope we shall not
adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICF.R. The motion
to adjourn is withdrawn. The Senator from
New York is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 am content to take
any way of getting at this which is agreeable
to other Senators. 1 have always spoken sin-
cerely when 1 have said I would not interpose
one moment's delay for the sake of delay.
Senators who give me credit for sincerity in
what 1 have been saying will understand, of
course, that I have a strong conviction about
this bill. I do not believe it ought to pass at
any time as it is. I do not believe that there
is need of any bill at this session except the
one which was passed on the motion of the
Senator froiu Pennsylvania. Therefore, of
course 1 cannot, consent to have it go in the
absence of a quorum of the Senate. There is
no quorum here now ; and while if it, were
merely a question of my convenience, espe-
cially if I were speaking as Senators are said
sometimes to do, not for effect in the Senate,
but to be heard in the galleries, or if I were
speaking to the o,ountry, as is sometimes said,
of course I should be very glad to proceed
now, aud would uotask the Senate to abbrevi-
ate the session one moment on my account.
But of course we who are opposed to this
bill cannot consent that the vote bo taken in
the Senate as it is now, and it is quite idle, I
submit, for mo to pursue the remarks whieh I
mean to confine strictly to the bill, having no
purpose except to bring it to the attention of
Senators, when, on to-morrow, or at some
other time, 1 shall have to proceed with these
letters again in order that they may reach the
cars of those by whom the vote is to be
decided.
Mr. BLAIR. I suggest to the Senator that
if he is not satisfied with a vote to-night we
might agree to take it to-morrow at twelve
o'clock. I presume we have a quorum ; there
are a great many Senators in the lobby and
cloak-rooms. If, however, the Senator is un-
willing to take the vote to-night, we might
agree to take the vote to-morrow at twelve
o'clock.
Mr. THURMAN. We have an agreement
to take up the appropriation bill at twelve
o'clock.
Mr. COLE. By unanimous consent it is
assigned as the order for that time.
Mr. BLAIR. Well, half past eleven o'clock.
Mr. CONKLING. I value the opinion of
the Senator from Missouri as much as that of
any Senator; but does he think under the cir-
cumstances that would be the fair way for me?
Remembering that this bill has never been
read to the Senate, knowing, as he must, that
not one dozen members of this body have any
idea of its provisions, does he think that, with
letters on our tables here from the Secretary
of the Treasury pointing out grievous and most
serious objections, the same objections being
entertained by many Senators, that 1 should
discharge my duty, for example, if I were to
go on and argue this matter in the absence of
the Senate, and then agree that at, half past
eleven to-morrow those Senators not here now
may vote without debate?
Mr. BLAIR. Since the Senator puts the
question to me, I will endeavor to answer him
if he will permit me. I think this bill has
been printed, and other Senators are presumed
to know as much about the business before
them as the Senator from New York. The
letter from the Secretary of the Treasury has
been printed for the use of the Senate ; and
other Senators, especially those whose tables
are covered with letters like that of the Sen-
ator from New York, are supposed to give
some attention to their duties as well as the
Senator from New York, and I suppose
that we can be trusted to vote upon this ques-
tion after the Senator has given us the benefit
of what he knows on the subject at any time
when he has concluded.
Mr. CONKLING. Well, Mr. President, it
is my misfortune not to be able to agree with
the Senator from Missouri in several respects,
among others in the statement that the letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury has been
printed. It has not been printed. I made a
motion that it should be printed, but the Sen-
ator from Missouri objected in the first place,
and eventually withdrew his objection if it
was to be printed separate from the report.,
and then other Senators appealed to me and
finally induced me to withdraw my motion that
it shouid'be printed at all, and it has not been
printed.
Mr. BLAIR. I have a copy here in print.
I think it was printed under the order that the
Senator proenred.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator is quite
mistaken. If he will look at his copy he will
see that the Secretary of the Treasury, as I
understand, had printed at the Treasury De-
partment some copies for the use of the com-
mittee ; one of those copies I had, and have
loaned it to one or two Senators; but the Sen-
ator it seems has one. It has never been
printed by the Senate, has never been on the
table of the Senate in printed form; on the
contrary, several Senators applied to me for
the loan of a copy, that I could not make
because I had loaned it to another Senator.
The other letter which 1 have here, and
which is written upon a careful examination
of the bill as the bill is reported by the con-
ference committee, has never been printed in
any way or in any form.
Therefore, Mr. President, I say, speaking
by the lights I have, that I should not be will-
ing to agree that a vote should be taken to-
morrow upon the bill without debate, that vote
to be cast by Senators who are absent now.
On the contrary, I mean to say, having already
disclaimed any intention of delaying this bill,
and I say frankly, it shall never become a law
if I have the power to prevent it until it has
been fairly considered in the Senate, and until
the Senate with the average number present
