616
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 2,
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff—3Ir, Ritchie.
42d Gong....2d Sess.
fact made the price lower than it was when
coal was admitted free, then the tariff has
operated to the relief of the consumer.
Let us turn to the statistics, (bearing in
mind that while provincial coal is well adapted
for gas, the better quality and greater safety
of our soft coal for steam fuel commands for
it relatively a higher price.) From the Bos-
ton Shipping List and Price Current I take
the average yearly price of Nova Scotia coal
at Boston for the period of ten years from
1861 to 1871, as follows:
Average price n .
Iter year.
186 1  $4 67 Free.
186 2  5 60 Free.
186 3  7 40 Free.
1884  10 40 Free.
186 5   9 60 Free.
186 6  8 54 81 25
1SG7   8 10 1 25
186 8  8 16 1 25
186 9  7 78 1 23
187 0  6 60 1 25
187 1   6 54 1 25
I also add the following table, showing the
average price per ton of twenty-two hundred
and forty pounds of Cumberland coal, deliv-
ered on board vessel at Baltimore, Maryland,
together with the average freight to Boston :
Average Average
Average/or freightto cntlin
war. Boston. HoKton,
186 1  £3 44 $2 25 $5 69
186 2  4 23 2 42 6 65
1S63  5 57 3 28 8 85
186 4  6 84 8 39 10 23
186 5  7 57 3 79 11 36
186 6  5 91 3 53 9 47
186 7  4 97 2 b8 7 65
186 8  4 71 :i 21 7 92
1869.  4 97 2 83 7 80
187 0  4 72 2 6 4 7 36
187 1  4 72 2 73 7 45
from an examination of ihe foregoing it will
be fouud that the average price at Boston of
the Nova Scotia coal for the five years since
the imposition of the duty of $1 25 has been
seventy-three cents less per ton, and of the
Cumberland coal $1 06 less per ton at Boston
and $1 21 leas per ton at Baltimore—where
the former never comes and never will, from
the costof transportation and local relations—
than it was during the last five years of the
reciprocity treaty, when Nova Scotia coal paid
no duty whatever.
1 concede that as the transportation of coal
from our Alleghany region was interrupted at
times during the war the effect of this circum-
stance would be to raise the price; but the fact
nevertheless remains that since the expira-
tion of the treaty, and with transportation un-
interrupted, the price of coal has steadily
declined.
It is a fact worthy of note that in the winter
of 1804-65, taking advantage of the derange-
ment of our trade by hostilities along the bor-
der, the price of Nova Scotia coal was run up
till it reached the extortionate average for the
month of February, 1865, of $15 50 per ton 1
This exhibition of oppressive cupidity should
teach us to rely upon the development of our
own and not upou a foreign interest.
Mr. CONGER. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Jlr. lilTCHIE. With pleasure.
Mr. CONGER. If, under the reciprocity
treaty, the price of coal was higher than it is
now, would not the argument be a good one to
show that, the reciprocity treaty restored, the
Coal of the producers along our mountain
sides would bring a higher price than it does
now?
Mr. RITCHIE. My answer is that the
interest of the consumer is to be considered
as well as that of the producer. Further,
increase of price is not indicative of the
prosperity of a home industry when that
increase is owing, as in the case in point, to
the curtailment and interruption of that
industry, and the advantage taken of the ditni-
natioii of production by a foreign competitor.
To resume: the field of competition between
our American and the Nova Scotia coal is on
the Atlantic sea hoard north of Philadelphia ;
that is, somewhat in New York city .aid mainly
in New England. 'Ihe freight charges from
Nova Scotia wouid be too great, even were the
duty entirely repealed, for consumers in the
interior to procure that coal.
In adjusting the duty, therefore, we ought
to consider the great advantages the provin-
cial coal production has over our own. In the
first place, while the wages of the American
miner is about sixty-five cents per toi), in the
provinces the miner is not paid half that much.
In the second place, and a most material cir-
cumstance it is in favor of our foreign rival,
while our bituminous coal-fields lie over two
hundred miles from tide-water, and are bur-
dened with the cost of that distance of land
transportation, the farthest of the provincial
mines is not ten miles inland, so that they have
only the comparatively inexpensive transport-
ation by water in getting to market. As the
freight from Baltimore and Georgetown to
Boston and New York is just about equal to
that from Pictou to Boston and New York, say
$2 50 per ton, it is apparent that the differ-
ence against us is, in addition to the difference
in cost of mining, the cost incurred iu getting
our coal from the mouth of the mine on board
the vessel at tide-water. This cost is at least
three dollars per ton.
1 here append a detailed statement of the
cost of mining and delivering coal from the
Alleghany coal-fields of Maryland, on board
of vesselsat Georgetown, District of Columbia,
as published by Hon James C. Clark, president
of the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company :
Per tan.
Cost of mining $0 67i
Timber and machinery for track, dump-ing
chutes ;ui'l superintendence, and tram-ways
and all other expenses, to place eoal on
board of cars at mines  25
Railroad lreight su.d charges from mines to
canal, average haul 23 miles, over grades
120 (eet per mile  69
Wharfage at Cumberland     5
All other shipping expenses, agencies, taxes,
&c  2 k
Toil by canal from Cumberland to George-
town, 118 miles, s- cent per ton per mile  46
Boat freights, transportation charges, &c 1 40
Transshipment, wharfage, agents, clerk's
office, rent, .fcc., at Georgetown  30
Cost on board of vessels 3 85
Add lor royalty on the coal    25
 4 10
This gives the actual cost of coal on board of
vessels at tide-water.
The cost by rail to Baltimore is greater.
Just here 1 would remark, in reply to the
retort that freights are too high, that I am
advised the tolls upon the Chesapeake and
Ohio canal are thirty-three per cent, less than
on any other canal in the country, with the
exception of one of the Brie canals, and oue
other in Ohio; and that the freights on the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad compare favor-
ably, considering its high grades, with those
of other trunk lines. But, if too high, the coal
owners do not control them, and are no more
responsible and no more to be censuied for
exorbitant freights than the farmer who sends
his grain, the miller his flour, the tanner his
leather, the lumberman his lumber, or than
the passenger for the price of his ticket. The
interest of all these would be promoted by
cheaper rates: butas long as you tax iron, steel,
and machinery as you do, the railroad compa-
nies will have a reasonable pretext for meet-
ing their increased expenses by increasing the
price of freights.
You should reduce the tariff on articles that
make transportation high before you reduce :
the profits of the cuhl producer, who has to pay !
it. You might as properly attempt to reform
the charges of railroad transportation on wheat, I
by loweung the price the farmer receives for
his grain 111 the cny markets, as to seek to
reduce freights on coal by lowering its price
through a reduction of the duty. If, as we
believe, the reduction of the duty to one dol-
lar per ton would be as much as would lie
fair and judicious, a greater reduction might
possibly lower freights; but it would be
because of the depressing effect upon the coal
interest, and the consequent diminution of the
amount of tonnage to be carried.
As the actual cost of Cumberland coal at
the pit's mouth is about ninety cents per ton,
and it can be there bought for one dollar per
ton, the Nova Scotia coal, notwithstanding the
duty it pays, is much more profitable. Taking
the average price of the latter at Boston for
the six years since the duty of $1 25 per ton
was imposed, which is $7 62, and making I he
liberal allowance of five dollars per ton for
cost of mining, transportation, and the duty,
the gains of the provincial companies are
shown to have been enormous. Even at the
price last year, to which it was reduced by the
increased production of Ameiicau coal since
the expiration of the treaty, the profit on the
foreign coal has been nearly double that of the
selling price of our coal at the pit's mouth.
What must have been the hoardings of the
grasping operators in foreign coal when, taking
advantage of our war troubles, with no duty to
pay, they actually put up the price of their coal
in Boston harbor to $15 50 per ton by the
cargo! Surely those who have reaped and are
reaping such exorbitant profits from the p «ck-
ets of American consumers may fairly con-
tribute, through a tariff they do not feel, to
lighten the burdens with which we a*e op-
pressed, and should not be assisted to embar-
rass our coal indus'ry, now known to realize
barely a living profit—its profit on a ton of
coal in the eastern cities not being ten c^-nts,
and scarcely a company last year yielding a
six per cent, return.
Yet, reasonable as is such an expectation,
it will be found on investigation that the cry
for free coal has been gotten up in the interest
of capitalists, manufacturers,and corporations,
that are intrenched in monopoly, bloated by
inordinate profits, and some of them reeking
with the spoils of bounty and protection.
The report of the Pictou Mining Company,
organized since the expiration of the reci-
procity treaty, and the establishment of the
duty of §1 25 on eoal, discloses that a large
majority of the directors are citizens of the
United States, and that these mines are
largely owned by eastern capitalists. This
report shows that these American gentlemen
have not invested their capital without con-
sidering the effects of the duty upon prospect-
ive profits, and that returns are, notwith-
standing, most remunerative. On page 15 we
have tins statement:
"Pictou coal, of like character for steam and gas
as ours, has been sold the past year at the vessel's
side in Pictou tipper harbor for $2 25 per ton, leav-
ing for profit 81 65 per ton. United States currency.
We will count for this estimate only upon sales at
two dollais per ton, thus leaving us one dollar profit
at lea^t upon each ton mined and delivered. The
production of the comparatively insignificant quan-
tity of forty-five thousand tons only, which would
be the work of but three or four months, will p?.y, at
one dollar per ton. six per cent, in gold upon the
ten dolhrs per share par value of the whole stock
of >750,000."
"This, upon thefaeeof it"—
Remarks a reviewer—
"is not an exorbitant profit; but when (see upon
page 7 of same report) the above nominal oip-
^tal of _;„'75U,000 represents a cash outlay ot only
«;<v,000, it appears that the dividend would be over
titty per cent, per annum upon actual capital in-
veiled at the above small production.
_ 'And were the production per annum doubled,
it would be equivalent to returning to the inve tors
m this operation the whole amount of then iu , est-
ment each year.
"The profit which they acknowledge i* gr atcr
than the price at which the producers of Ameiicaii
coal sell their product at the mine."
