3416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
ending Jane 30,1871, and for other purposes;"
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. NYE. I move the reference of the bill
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That bill ought not to
go to the Committee on the Judiciary. Its
title does not disclose what it is; but it relates
to Indian matters, and the Committee on the
Judiciary does not have charge of those mat-
ters.
Mr. NYB. T am told that the only question
in the bill is a question of the legal construc-
tion of existing laws.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary is not organized for the purpose of
investigating legal questions unless they relate
to judicial matters. The Committee on Indian
Affairs disposes of those matters, but we are
not familiar with them. The bill ought not to
go to the Committee on the Judiciary, because
the Judiciary Committee is not familiar with
these Indian transactions, and it is a great
deal of labor to examine into the treaties and
rights of the Indians by a committee that is
not familiar with those matters. The Indian
Committee will understand all about it at
once, f think it ought to go to that oom-
mitiee.
Mr. NYB. I was requested to move the
reference of the bill to the Committee on the
Judicial y.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois moves to amend the motion and
refin- it to the Committee on Indian Affairs
instead of the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. NYE. 1 will state the reason why it
ought not. to go there. As I understand, the
honorable Senator from Iowa, the chairman
of the committee, reported a bill on this sub-
ject the other day, and this bill is diamet-
rically opposed to the conclusion to which they
have couip, and the person interested in itand
who requested me to introduce it stated that
as a reason, and wanted it referred toihe Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That statement is con-
clusive as to where it ouaht to go. It seems
the subject has been under iho consideration
of the Committee on Indian Affairs, and they
have reported upon it, but somebody is not
satisfied with th'.-ir report and now wants to
refer I he same subject to the Committee on
the Judieiary.
Mr. NYE. The Senator does not under-
stand me, and I do not propose to be put in
that light. I do not understand that this bill
presents a new question, but a simple question
of law. I will move that the bill lie on the
table for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada now moves that the bill be laid
upon the table.
The inotion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1115) to amend an act entitled "An act
increasing temporarily the duties on imports,
and for other purposes which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
AMENDMENT TO APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. BLAIR submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill (H.
R. No. 2208) making appropriations for the
repair, preservation, and completion of cer-
tain public works on rivers and harbors, and
for other purposes ; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
COURT IN THE INDIAN TERRITORY.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 028, which is a bill to establish a
court in the Indian country.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 628) authorizing
terms of the United States district court to
be held at Port Gibson, Indian territory.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume it is not
necessary to read the original bill. The Com-
mittee on the Judiciary have reported an
amendment as a substitute.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of
the committee, which was to strike out all of
the bill after the enacting clause and to insert
in lieu thereof the following:
That there shall bo held by the judge of tho district
court of tho United States for the western district of
Arkansas two terms of said court in cach year, on
the first Mondays of April and October, at Fort Gib-
son, in the Indian territory; and that such public
buildings at said place as the judge of said court
shall designate bo, and arc hereby, set apart for tho
use of said court; and terms of tho circuit and dis-
trict court shall continue to be held at Fort Smith,
as now provided by law.
Skc. ii. That all male persons over twenty-one
years of ago residing in said district shall be com-
petent to servo as jurors in said court hold in said
territory: Provided, That tho judge may, iu his dis-
cretion, strike from tho jury list or exclude from the
panel any person doomod by him unlit to servo, either
on account of bad charactcr or for other cause.
Sue. 3. That hereafter tho counties of Benton,
Boone, Carroll. Pope, Newton, Washington, Madi-
son, Johnson, Fianklin, Crawford, Sebastian, Sarbe,
Scott, Polk, Pike, Sevier, and Little Kiver, in the
State of Arkansas, and the Indian territory west of
saidStote, shall be deemed and bo tho western dis-
trict of Arkansas, and the residuo of said State shall
bo deemed and be tho eastern district of Arkansas;
and the judeeof the eastern district shall hold the
terms of the United Slates district court now required
bylaw to be held at tho city of Helena, in said State.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to inquire of' the
Chair, may not this amendment be treated as
the original bill for the purposes of amend-
ment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would prob-
ably be better, and that is sometimes done, so
that the Senate may riot be fettered in offer-
ing amendments to amendments. The Chair
will state that if this amendment be agreed to
as an amendment the power to amend it will
then be restricted, because having been agreed
to, no part of it can be stricken out until the
bill is reported to the Seriate. It will bo
treated as the original bill if the committee
have no objection, so that it will be subject to
amendment and amendments to amendments.
Mr. TKUMBULL. I have no objection
at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so
regarded and is open to amendment and
amendments to amendments.
Mr. CLAYTON. 1 desire at the proper
time to offer an amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Suppose the Senator
presents his amendment now.
Mr. CLAYTON. I offer the following
amendment, to be inserted as section four :
Skc. 4. That the circuit court for tho eastern and
western districts of Arkansas shall hereafter be held
at Little Rock, in said State, at the times now fixed
by law for holding the circuit court in said eastern
district of Arkansas. Said circuit court shall bo
called the circuit court in and for tho eastern and
western dii-triets of Arkansas, and shall be composed
of tho justice of the Supreme Court assigned to '■aid
circuit, the circuit, judge for tho circuit of which
Arkansas forms a part, and the two judges ot tho
eastern and western districts of Arkansas, but may
be held by any two or moro of saidjudges in tho ab-
tencc of tho remainder. S:iid justice ot theSupremo
Court, or, in his absence, the circuit judge, and in
tiio absence ot both the oldest in commission of said
two disti ict judges,- shall be tho presiding judge of
said circuit court; and in case of any division of
opinion among the judgesof said circuit court, the
opinion of the presiding judge shall prevail and be
tho judgment of the said circuit court; but on any
appeal to said circuit court from ono of the said dis-
trict courts, the judge ot the district court from
winch such appeal was taken shall not sit in said
circuit court on the trial or decision of the case so
carried by appeal to said circuit court. The clerk
of the circuit court for the eastern district of Arkan-
sas* shall be and remain the clerk of thccircuiteourt
as modified by this act. The district attorney and
marshal lor the present eastern district of Arkansas
shall act as buch district attorney and marshal in
said circuit court; but tho process of said circuit
court may be direetod to tho marshal of either of
said eastern or western districts of Arkansas, and
shall be executed only by tho marshal to whom it is
directed, or by his duly appointed deputy in his
district: J'rovided, That nothing herein contained
shall affect or alter the jurisdiction of the said dis-
trict court as now established by law over tho Indian
country, and crimes committed therein.
The object of this amendment, as shown on
its face, is to establish the circuit courts at
Little Rock, Little Rock is not only the geo-
graphical and commercial center of the State,
but it is the center of communication. Under
the present law the circuit court for the east-
ern district is held at Little Rock, and the
judge of the western district, I believe, has
circuit court powers. The court for the west-
ern district is held at Fort Smith, which is a
point rather inaccessible, and the circuit judge
would not probably be able to visit that point.
The object of this amendment is to have the
circuit court held at Little Hock, where the
circuit judge can preside and participate. If
this is not done, in case of appeal from the
judge of the western district it would be taken
up before himself. I will state in connection
with this matter that the leading members of
the bar of Arkansas have memorialized Con-
gress for this amendment, and I hope it will
be adopted.
Mr. RICE. I wish to say a word on this
amendment. The amendment is not very
material to the present condition of affairs,
the western district having circuit court juris
diction, and it has been so for nineteen years
I believe. I have never heard a word of com-
plaint from anybody living within tho western
district. If anybody has complained at all, it
is the bar of Little Rock who want to consolid-
ate all the business there. Fort Smith, where
the court is now held, is central for the west-
ern portion of the State, and has communica-
tion with that section more than Little Rock
has; and as there i3 no complaint from the
western district in regard to the circuit court
powers given to the district judge of that, dis-
trict, I see no reason in the world for making
a change. Theie is no change demanded in
the district.
Mr. NYE. Is an amendment to the amend-
ment in order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) It is.
Mr. NYE. Then I move Senate bill No.
C53 as an amendment to the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Arkansas.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator offer it as a substitute or as addi-
tional sections?
Mr. NYE. I do not care which.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It would be a sub-
stitute.
Mr. NYE. Very well; I offer it as a sub-
stitute.
The bill that I offer as a substitute for the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Arkansas is a bill which reorganizes that
entire territory where these difficulties have
occurred. The peculiar circumstances of that
country and the startling announcements that
have recently come from there have induced
me to offer this amendment to this bill with a
view of presenting the whole subject for the
consideration of the Senate. In my opinion
the remedy proposed by the bill introduced
by the honorable Senator from Illinois is
entirely inadequate to what the circumstances
surrounding those tribes demand. I know
that we have got in the habit of justifying
Indian massacres and Indian murders, audit-
awakes no sympathy at all in the hearts of
many to read in the morning papers of the
massacre of our public officials iu a manner
most abhorrent and cruel.
But, sir, the surrounding circumstances at
the present moment demand at the hands of
the Congress of the United States m^re potent
and more direct legislation. The substitute is
a bill for the reorganization of that Indian ter-
ritory, and to organize it under the name of
Oklahoma. In presenting it I ask the candid
judgment of the Senate and their atteution for
a few minutes.
Circumstancesexist which render action upon
this measure at once important and desirable,
it is well known that this Indian territory lies
right across the pathway of commerce between
the East and the West. It was set apart and
