1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOBE.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
' consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8.
No. 801) granting a right of way to the Mobile
and Alabama Grand Trunk Railroad Company
through and over lands owned by the United
States ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 802)
appropriating a certain sum of money to be
expended in the erection of a building for the
purposes of a United States court-house and
post office at Huntsville, in the State of Ala-
bama; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Comipittee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 803) to provide for ascertaining and
settling private land claims in certain States
and Territories; whieh was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims, and ordered to be printed.
portage lake ship-canal.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I ask unan-
imous consent to take up the bill (H. R. No.
1761) extending the time for the completion
of the Portage Lake and Lake Superior ship-
canal. The bill has passed the House, and I
believe has the unanimous concurrence of
the Committee on Public Lands; ahd I trust
there will be no objection to putting it on its
passage.
Mr. CONKLING. There is a resolution
up already.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Some time since,
while the Senator from Michigan was probably
absent, the Senator from New York [Mr.
Conkling] obtained unanimous consent to
call up a resolution which has been heretofore
debated, in regard to recommendations to
office by various Senators, stating that he
would give way to the current morning busi-
ness. The Senator from Michigan, however,
asks unanimous consent to consider the bill
indicated by him.
Mr. POMEROY. Let that bill come up after
the Senator from New York gets through with
his resolution.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. When that res-
olution is disposed of, J. should like to have
this bill taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair can-
not tell whether it will be finished before the
morning hour expires or not.
report on immigration.
Mr. HITCHCOCK submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
Senate twenty-five hundred eopios of the report on
immigration by the Bureau of Statistics.
business of committee on commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER. I offer the following
resolution, and ask for its present considera-
tion :
Resolved, That Monday next after one o'clock be
set apart for the consideration of business reported
from the Committee on Commerce.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the reso-
lution 1
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I give notice that
I shall call it up in the morning.
atciiinson, topeka, etc., railroad.
Mr. BLAIR submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to the hill (S. No. 676)
to extend the time for the completion of the
Atchinson, Topeka, and Santa F6 railroad;
which was ordered to be printed.
order oj' business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will now report the resolution of the Senator
from New York.
Mr. CONKLING. It has been reported
heretofore, and need not be reported again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] gave notice of an
amendment to it.
Mr. CONKLING. I am aware of that, and
I want to modify my resolution 
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator allow
me a moment in reference to a matter of morn-
ing business ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
completed the call of morning business.
Mr. CONKLING. Unless it is something
very pressing and special I wish the Senator
would defer it, until to morrow morning.
Mr. CASSER.LY. I merely wish to ask to
have the memorial of the board of supervisors
of San Francisco printed for the use of the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection, that order will be made, instead of
printing it in the Globe.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask for both, as a means
of communicating that document to Congress.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is not usual,
but the Senator desires, on account of the im-
portance of this matter, that the paper referred
to be printed, not only in the Globe, but also
as a Senate document.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I objected
yesterday morning to the printing of a memo-
rial, and in order to be impartial I must object
in this case.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent at the present time, and objec-
tion is made. It will be printed in the Globe,
as already ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY7. Then I offer the resolu-
tion for printing to-day, and will call it up to-
morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over until to-morrow.
senatorial recommendations for office.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolution submitted by Mr. Cokklixg, on the
26th of February, in relation to recommenda-
tions for office.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish to con-
sume a moment in debate. I wish instead
to appeal to the Senate to allow the resolu-
tion to pass, to allow a vote to be taken now.
It has twice been debated to the exhaustion
of the morning hour. The other morning,
when I was not in the Chamber, the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] gave notice of
an amendment, the material parts of which I
wish to accept, and to modify my resolution
accordingly. The same Senator proposed an
amendment previously which I at once ac-
cepted, and now I take the material portion
of the amendment of which he gave notice,
and having added to it somewhat, I ask to
modify my resolution accordingly. I wish to
say to the honorable Senator that the portion
of bis proposed amendment which I have
omitted is that portion which is already em-
braced in the resolution, and one additional
provision by which the whole resolution would
be snowed under and swamped. The Sena-
tor proposes to call for the names of all per-
sons not Senators who have made recom-
mendations, in which Senators have joined, and
as petitions sometimes contain not only hun-
dreds but thousands of names, of course, if
they were all to be recopied, it would send
here a great bulk of useless papers and require
a great while. I ask leave to modify my reso-
lution by adding what I send to the Secretary,
and which will, I believe, enlarge the inquiry
as much as the Senator from Illinois proposes
upon every material point.
This being done, and I refraining from any
reply to the speeches which have been made
against the resolution, I hope we may vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
from New York modifies the resolution by
adding what will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows ;
And whether appointments or removals have in
any instance been marie at the suggestion or reauest
of any third party, wbo has acted as a go-betweeu
between either of said Senators and the appointing
power, or represented, or in any manner caused it to
be understood, that such appointments or removals
would be agreeable to, or were desired by, any Sen-
ator, and if so, giving the name of the Senator .and
oi the person who so represented or caused it to be
understood; and particularly whether any such ap-
pointments or removals hare been made at the sug-
gestion of Rosweli Hart, an assistant superintend-
ent of mail service in the Staie of New York, or of
A. H. Laftin, navai offleer of the port of New York,
or of A. B. Cornell, surveyor of the port of New
York, they, or either of them, professing to repre-
sent any such Senators,* also, whether any persoos
speaking for or on behalf of any such Senators
have approached the executive department or any
of its branches with^ proposals to arrange or com-
pose the dissatisfaction of any of such Senators pn
the basis of patronage or by means of patronage;
also, whether any of such Senators have made ap-
plication or suggestion in regard to the award of
any contract provided by law to be let to the lowest
bidder, and if so. what Senator, and the name of the
bidder m whose behalf the suggestion was made.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to say that I
should not feel at liberty to embrace the names
of the three gentlemen mentioned there, ex-
cept that I have reason to know that they
themselves wish an inquiry as to whether they
have done any such thing as was suggested by
the amendment. Therefore, I venture to let
their names stand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
New York has modified his resolution as has
been read by the Secretary; and the question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator ffom
Nebraska, [Mr. Tipton,] which is to strike
out the words "New York, Missouri, Illinois,
and Nebraska," and in lieu thereof to insert
" several States of the Union."
Mr. TRUMBULL. When an amendment
is pending is it competent for a Senator to
modify his resolution by adopting a patt of
that amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sup-
poses so. That is the parliamentary law at
any rate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is an amend-
ment pending already. The Senator from New
York proposed to modify his resolution with-
out reference to that amendment. The Sen-
ator from Nebraska had moved an amend-'
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The tenth rule
reads as follows:
"And any motion may be withdrawn"—
And the parliamentary law shows that this
language includes "modified"—
"by the mover at any time before a decision,
amendment, or ordering of the yeas and nays, except
a motion toreconsider, which shallnotbe withdrawn
without leave of the Senate."
It does not say "before the moving of an
amendment," but "before an amendment."
That is to say, if a proposition has not been
amended, it is m the power of the mover to
withdraw it or modify it. But the Chair ia
now informed that upon the 26th of February,
upon the amendment offered by the Senator
irom Nebraska, the yeas and nays were
ordered. That would prohibit the modifica-
tion.
Mr. CONKLING. I did not remember «
that, and I do not remember it now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It had passed
from the recollection of the Chair, but it ap-
pears by the Secretary's record that on the
26th of February, on the amendment of the
Senator from Nebraska, the yeas and nays
were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I give notice that
I will move to amend the amendment when
the time comes so as to embrace the additional
inquiry suggested.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the pendency of an amendment does
not prevent a Senator from accepting the whole
amendment or a part of it; but after it is
amended it passes from his power. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the Senator
