-1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8417
; designated as the home of the Indian away back
- 'in the days of Andrew Jackson and the younger
v.' Adams. The treaty, I think, was commenced
under Adams and concluded by General Jack-
' -son as President of the United States. At that
i "time the eye of the most imaginative of states-
: tiaen did not reach forward to the time when
Lthe white settlements would intrude or obtrude
; up£>rf that, at that time, distant spot. But, sir,
in the mighty, rapid progress that-has come
"upon us we find ourselves now confronting
that territory with three great lines of railroad,
and the Indians stand there as a stubborn
obstacle to the progress of the age.
Mr. President, I have too often spoken on
this subject in this Chamber to have it under-
stood for a single moment that I have anything
but the kindest feeling for the Indians. If
there has been anything in our history cal-
culated to impress me as having been wrong,
it has been our conduct sometimes toward
the Indian tribes. But, sir, the rule of action
Of the American people is that whether white
man or black own property that lies in the
pathway of the good of the whole, he must
get out of the way. They treat your property
•in the same way, beipg a natural-born Ameri-
can citizen, that they do the property of the
Indian.
Coupled with this necessity there is at the
present moment, as I consider, a mistaken no-
tion in regard to what is humane, and in regard
to what is our duty in the present emergency.
At the time of the making of this treaty there
were almost fourteen hundred miles of un-
broken forest between the Atlantic coast and
that great garden of the West where the hon-
orable Senator who reports this bill resides.
That has disappeared, and with its disappear-
ance has come a flood-tide of progress and of
improvement which makes it to-day but the
trip of a few hours to reach that beautiful city
of the West, Chicago. Improvements have
leaped over that mighty prairie and over the
mountains until they have now reached the
home of these tribes of Indians. I am told
that the policy of the nation—indeed it is
shadowed by a bill introduced by the honor-
able chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs—is that this large territory, about three
hundred miles across, should be kept for the
bome of the Indians irrespective of the neces-
sities of the hour and the progress of improve-
ment.
Sir, is that best in any humanitarian view in
which it can be considered ? I hold that civil-
ization and Christianization can only be brought
about and find a lodgment and a home with
tribes not so well informed as our own people,
by mingling with and coming in contact with
them. Sir, the world can never be Christian-
ized by a single missionary. Away off in dis-
tant China the experiment has been tried, and
your coffers and mine have been taxed to sup-
port a distant missionary among the crowded
millions of far-off China. What has been the
result? Never until that heathenism and
paganism have been reached by the tide of our
commerce and by the intermingling of our
people has civilization or Christianization ever
obtained, or will it ever be able to maintain a
footing among the pagan millions.
Sir, there are sixty thousand, in the whole,
of these half-civilized tribes; I think that is
a liberal estimate ; and they occupy a space
of country prolific in its character, abundant
m its productions, most desirable in its locality
of any portion of the United States. Improve-
ments have run up against it.
This bill proposes to be exceedingly liberal
with the Indians. Itgives to each Indian, old
and young, male and female, one hundred and
sixty acres of land in fee, to be made alienable
Or inalienable as Congress shall prescribe.
My own notion is that it should be made
inalienable for a few years until they learn the
advantages of a home of quiet to a roaming,
dissatisfied existence. Therefore, you see there
is no idea of taking what this treaty meant to
give to these Indians, a permanent and abid-
ing home, but to transform it from the home
of the roaming savage to the quiet home of
civilized and Christianized life. What a met-
amorphosis will it work! We are told by some
that in order to do that you must keep them
in a state of isolation and not allow them to
mingle with refined, cultivated society. I
regard that proposition as entirely objection-
able, because it is not true. Take twenty
thousand men to-day in the State of Massachu-
setts—and I turn to that State because she is
notably one of the most cultivated States of
the Union—put them into the condition of the
Cberokees where there is no property in sev-
eralty, no motive or incentive to ambition to
accumulate, where the earth is so prolific that
it yields, uncultivated, their support almost,
and knowing that what they lack will bo made
up by a generous Government by donation; let
them change places with the Cherokees, and
you will see the inhabitants of Massachusetts
dwindle to the condition of the Cberokees, and
the Cherokees will rise to the standard of Mas-
sachusetts enlightenment.
Sir, the problem is not doubtful. The the-
ory, in my judgment, is not sound that isola-
tion ever civilized or Christianized a human
being. Teach religion by precept! The world
tried that experiment in vain unaccompanied
by the more potent Teacher, the example of
the Teacher himself.
Therefore, Mr. President, in behalf of the
Indian, in behalf of what is due in a humani-
tarian sense from Congress to these distracted
tribes, we should mingle them with enlighten-
ment, we should mingle them with Christian
society, we should plant school-houses where
now they roam without object, and rear
churches where now the temple is unknown.
Our duty to these fifty or sixty thousand
people of these half civilized tribes is a most
important duty, and it is time that it was met
in a spirit of frankness on the part of the Con-
gress of this nation. I hold the theory to be
entirely untenable that by massing wildness
together tameness will be the result. I hold
the doctrine to be entirely untenable that if
you would make the savage like the culti-
vated citizen you must keep him a savage in
order to bring him up to that standard. No,
sir, let him mingle in this flood-tide of pro-
gress ; let him mingle wiih civilized and
Christianized people; let him see thi-ir ex-
ample, and learning therefrom, he will soon
begin to court, love, and learn civilization as
the last and best boon of his existence.
Sir, the whole experiment of crowding In-
dians on to reservations I stand here to-day to
pronounce a failure. It has cost us more
blood and more treasure than any other ex-
periment that has ever been tried. Look at
your annual Indian appropriations ; and while
we are told by committees and told by com-
missioners that the Indians are all the time
improving, yet there is not a mail comes to
our hands but bears within its pages rumors of
terrible massacre. How is that to be pre-
vented? It is by letting civilization step along,
knowing no boundaries but the boundaries of
the ocean—and that is not a boundary now—
knowing no boundary, but stepping along in
its pride and glory to the achievement of the
redemption of the whole race of mankind.
Therefore, sir, were I an Indian, were I a
Cherokee or a Choctaw, I would beg of Con-
gress to adopt this rule that plants civilization
within our borders never again to be uprooted.
Sir, were I the wildest Indian of the plains, I
would ask that I might be brought into con-
tact with the civilized man. Now, passing
over their boundary into the State of Missouri,
they behold there civilization, Christianiza-
tion, cultivation, and when they step into
Kansas they see it in its perfection. The day
is not far distant when looking beyond their
western boundary they will see the fair fields
of civilization right up to them. Then why
keep this dark spot unenlightened? Why keep
them longer in a position that they do not
deserve ? It is, I assert, upon a false theory
of humanity. It is humane, it is noble, it is
elevating to see a man taken from the depths
and degradation of savage life, casting aside
the wampum and the blanket and assuming
the habiliments of civilization. Do that, ana
you will see where now is ruin and murder
and destruction living temples as proofs of
civilization.
Mr. President, the evil that we complain of
cannot be cured by any additional spread
of that spirit which has kept this territory
isolated. Why, sir, look to the last murder
of three, four, or five of your Government
officials; what purpose had it, in the very
temple of justice itself?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Are you sure it was
murder ?
Mr. NYE. It was killing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They may be quite dif-
ferent things.
Mr. NYE. I confess that there is a dis-
tinction between killing and murder ; but the
man is just as dead when killed as though he
was murdered. Let my friend from Vermont
cipher on that a little. These men were killed
in the very temple of justice itself, and under
the jurisdiction of the very circuit that the
honorable Senator from Illinois seeks to en-
large. Sir, has it come to this, that before the
majesty of the law, and in a temple reared
for its administration, the public officers of
this nation are to be cut down worse than
savages "and not excite our special wonder?"
Is there 110 sympathy left for men who take
the eriand of their Government and are bid
to go to these distant places? Is there no
sympathy rising in the human heart for them?
There seems to be none. They had invaded,
we arc told, a territory set apart for Indians;
hut ihey had invaded the very territory over
which the United States exercised control.
Under their own vine and fig tree they were
cut down.
To me, Mr. President, this shows that some-
thing adequate to the exigencies of the time
should be done. It is a demand over which
we can 110 longer slumber with impunity.
It is a question whether the means shall there
bo placed to take man away from the rav-
ages of the assassin's blade and cover him
with the shield of the law in the temple of
justice itself.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The Senator
from Nevada will please suspend. The morn-
ing hour has expired and the bill amend-
atory of the enforcement act is before the
Senate, the pending question being on the
amendment of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull,] upon which the Senatorfrom Indi-
ana [Mr. MoiiTorj] was entitled to the floor
yesterday afiernoon.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know how
long the Senator from Nevada designs speak-
ing, but unless his remarks should be some-
what protracted, I hope, by unanimous con-
sent, we shall let the other matter pass by.
1 wish to make a statement which will not
occupy more than five or ten minutes.
Mr. NYE. This bill will take the rest of
the day; several want to speak.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I had hoped the Sen-
ator would withdraw his amendment when he
saw what this purpose and object of the bill
reported by the committee was—not extend
ing a new jurisdiction. The Senator from
Nevada, perhaps, has not examined the bill.
I hope that by unanimous consent the Senator
may be permitted to conclude his remarks.
Mr. NYE. I understand Ihe bill to be to
establish a new court there.
Mr. TltUMBULL. No ; it is in this district
now.
Mr. NYE. But you propose to put the
court in the Indian territory. I propose to
show that it is not needed at all while the offi-
cers of the court are cut down in their court-
house.
