1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4313
can vote upon it—never, Mr. President. I do
not care if all the steamboat men between sea
and sea, my constituents and everybody else's
constituents, throng the avenues of this Cap-
itol and storm about these doors, this bill
shall never be crystallized into law as it stands,
if I have the power to prevent it, until it has
been fairly discussed and heard by the Senate
and an opportunity given for the Senate to
vote upon it; and by "the Senate " I do not
mean less than half, less than a quorum of the
Senate.
Now, Mr. President, I am not going to ask
the Senate to adjourn for my convenience, or
for any courtesy applicable to me. Far from
it. I say, however, in advance, and hope that
no Senator will hold me guilty of discourtesy
in that, t-hat whether I continue or forbear my
remarks now, I shall seek another oppor-
tunity when the Senate is full to present this
question again. Not that I shall repeat what
I have said, I do not mean that, or that I shall
say one word which I do not believe strictly
necessary in order to present some of the
leading features of the bill to those who are
going to vote on it.
Having said this, I am entirely in the hands
of the Senate, and will continue my remarks
if it lie disagreeable to the Senate to adjourn,
though of course I should prefer an adjourn-
ment.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion for a moment.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Very well.
Mr. THURMAN. I desire, whether the
Senate is full or thin, to reply whenever I can
get an opportunity to the remarks of the Sen-
ator from New York. I prefer to do itto-night.
I know it wearies us, but we are oblighed to
be wearied; we are obliged to sit at night.
Postponing this bill or adjourning now is kill-
ing the bill; and it is of too much importance
to that vast interest connected with the navi-
gation of the inland waters of the United
States—the rivers I mean—for this bill to be
killed,if those who think it is right can avoid that
calamity. I am willing to speak to-night to
no matter how few who are willing to hear me,
and trust to others to look to the report in the
Globe of my remarks. Whenever the Senator
from New York is done with his speech, then
I hope the Senate will allow me to proceed
and to reply.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. There is no ad-
vantage that I see in continuing this debate
to-night. The Senator from New York and
others are manifestly honest in their convic-
tions.
Mr. THURMAN. No doubt about that.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. This bill ought
to be fairly discussed before a full Senate, and
we have barely a quorum, probably not a
quorum'here to-night. I do not see that we
gain anything by remaining here after half past
ten o'clock at night.
Mr. THURMAN. What assurance have we
that if this bill is put over to_ Saturday—for
adjourning now means putting it over to Sat-
urday—we shall then have a quorum?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. If we have not
a quorum, it is manifest the bill cannot pass.
Mr. THURMAN. I think there is a, quorum
within call now. We know how it is at this
stage of the session at night sittings. We
know very well there are more Senators in
the building than are now in the Chaaaber, and
quite as many as is usual unless there is some
political question up.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. If the Senator
from Ohio has no further remarks to make, I
renew my motion that we adjourn.
Mr. CRAGIN. I trust the Senator from
New' Jersey will withdraw his motion a
moment and see if I cannot —
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I withdraw it
for any suggestion.
Mr. CRAGIN. It is quite evident to my
mind that this bill will not pass to-night, and
any time that is consumed will be time wasted.
Now, I wish to ask unanimous consent of the
Senate, as this bill cannot pass to-night and
the time is wasted on it, to take up another bill
in the interest of commerce—a bill to provide
for building ships, a bill reported from the
Committee on Naval Affairs. I hope we may
pass that bill to-night, and make some progress.
Mr. THURMAN. We have done something
for building ships, a good deal.
Mr. BLAIR. I object to the proposition of
the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. CRAGIN. If the Senator objects, of
course it cannot be done.
Mr. POOL. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire has a little bill reported from his com-
mittee that I would like very much to have
of
a young
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection is
made by the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. POOL. It is not a bill of general im-
portance such as is objected to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope we shall go on
with the regular order.
Mr. POOL. As there is about to be a mo-
tion made to adjourn, I believe I will move to
lay the pending bill on the table, for the pur-
pose of taking up the bill to which I have
reference, in the hands of the Senator from
New Hampshire.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from North Carolina moves to lay the confer-
ence report on the table.
Mr. POOL. It is in behalf
officer 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not debatable.
Mr. THURMAN. Has the Senator from
New York yielded the floor?
Mr. CONKLING. Only conditionally. I
have said that although I did not intend to ask
the Senate to adjourn, of sourse I preferred
that an adjournment should take place, because
I did not want to go on to-night and repeat at
another time anything I may say. I have been
yielding, I will say to my friend from Ohio,
merely to see what was the pleasure of the
Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. The courtesy of the Senate
allows a Senator to yield the floor for a motion
to adjourn to retain it and go on the next day.
That is all right and proper ; but the Senator
cannot yield the floor for a motion to lay on
the table without yielding it entirely.
Mr. CONKLING. Yery well. I take the
chances if I cannot get it again.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I renew my
motion that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. POOL. If the Senatorfrom New Jersey
will allow me for a moment, the bill to which
I referred will lead to no debate.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I have no objec-
tion, but the Senator from Missouri and others
objected. The Senator from Michigan ob-
jected.
Mr. CHANDLER. I wish to_ go on with
this bill. I cannot consent to yield this bill
to any other. I hope to pass the bill. I shall
be glad to pass it to-night. I want action of
some kind.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move that the
Senate do now adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
eoy in the chair.) The Senator from New
Jersey moves that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. THURMAN called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Boreman, Cald-
well, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Flanagan,
Frelinghuysen, Hitchcock, Howe, Nye, Pomeroy,
Poo), Rice, Stewart, and Tickers—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Casserly, Chandler, Copper,
Davis of West Virginia, Hamilton of Maryland,
Kelly, Norwood, Ransom, Saulsbury, Scott. Sher-
man, Sprague, Stevenson, Thurman, and West—IS.
ABSENT —Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton, Da via
of Kentucky, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry of Connecti-
cut, Ferry of Michigan, Gilbert, Goldthwaito, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Hamlin. Harlan. Hill, Johnston,
Kellogg, Lewis, Logan, Morrill ofMaine, Morrill of
Vermont, Morton, Osborn, Patterson, Pratt, Ram-
sey, Robertson, Sawyer, Schurz, Speneer, Stockton,
Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, Wilson. Windom, and
Wright—40.
So the motion was agreed to ; and (at ten
o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 7, 1872.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
D. D.
The Journal of Wednesday last was read
and approved.
collection districts op north carolina.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS, from the Committee
of Ways and Means, reported back, with a
recommendation that the same do pass, House
bill No. 1804, to amend an act entitled "An
act relative to collection districts in North
Carolina," approved February 25, 1867.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
act entitled " An act relative to collection
districts of North Carolina," approved Feb-
ruary 25, 1867, be amended so as to include,
among the collection districts whose collectors
shall receive compensation at the rate of $1,000
per annum in addition to fees of office, the
collection district of Petersburg, Virginia.
Mr. HOLMAN. What committee does this
bill come from?
The SPEAKER. From the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. HOLMAN. I should like to have some
reason why it is proposed to increase the
salary of this collector.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. Mr. Speaker, the
Secretary of the Treasury sends a letter to the
committee recommending the passage of this
bill. It is because of the considerable increase
of customs duties at Petersburg, Virginia. The
letter of the Secretary of the Treasury is as
follows.
The Clerk read as follows :
Treasury Department,
"Washington, X>. C., March 20,1872.
Sir: My attention haying been called to bill H.
R. No. 1804, and understanding that the Committee of
Ways and Means, to whom, the bill _ was referred,
desire an expression of the views of this Department
concerning the propriety of its passage, I have the
honor to state that upon examination it appears that
the bill is properly framed to accomplish thoobjecfc
intended, namely, to increase the compensation of
the collector of customs for the district of Peters-
burg, Virginia, to a par with that of other districts
of similar importance.
Respecting the merits of the case, I have to state
that such increase is warmly recommended by Mr.
Ayer, the special agent of this Department for,the
district in question, who is believed to be familiar
with the facts. In view of his representations, which
are regarded by the Department as entirely reliable,
1 am not aware of any substantial objection to the
PTe^retebc!fully, GEO. S. BOUTWELL,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. H. L. Dawes, Chairman Committee of Ways and
Means, House of Representatives.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. There can be no
objection to it, and I move it be put on its
passage.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONGER. I wanted to say a word
before the bill was passed. I do not object to
the bill, but think it should be referred to the
Committee on Commerce. I make the remark
