1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
729
Not a Senator, not a lawyer says that; it is
only one of our colored fellow-citizens whom
the Senator from Maine would see shut out of
the cars, shut out of the hotels, his children
shut out from schools, and himself shut out
from churches, while the Senator would do
nothing because Congress is powerless I Our
colored fellow-citizen proceeds:
"The amendment says that all citizens, white and
black, are entitled to the equal and impartial enjoy-
ment of any accommodation, advantage, facility or
privilege furnished by common carriers, by inn-
keepers, by licensed theaters, by managers of com-
mon schools supported by general taxation, or
authorized by law. Does any of the same invade
the domiciliary rights of a citizen in any State V'
That is not my language, sir; it is Mr.
Downing's language.
" Could any man, white or black, claim a right of
entrance into the domicile of the poorest, the hum-
blest, the weakest citizen of the State of Maine by
virtue of Mr. Sumner's amendment when it shall
become a law? Certainly not. A man's private
domicile is his own castle; no one, with even kingly
pretensions, dare force himself over its threshold.
But the public inn, the public or common school,
the public place of aniusinuout, as weil as common
carriers, asking the special protection of law, cre-
ated through its action on the plea and tor the benefit
of the public good, have no such exclusive right as
the citizen may lightfully claim within his home:
and it seems to me to be invoking the aid of an un-
holy prejudice in attempting to force the idea that
Mr. Sumnkr desires, or that the colored people, in
petitioning for civil rights, are designing to break
into social circles against the wish of those who
compose them. 1 spurn the idea; my self-respect
revolts at it; my self-interest says no; 1 would lose
in too many cases by any such leveling process/'
It is difficult to answer tliat. The writer
proceeds :
"I have the testimony of Senator Morrill, this
same Senator, to the fact 'that equality before the
law, without distinction of race or color,'is a con-
stitutional right, for we have his declaration to that
effect recorded; and further setting forth that it is
'the duty of the circuit court of the United States
to afford a speedy and convenient means for the
arrest and examination of persons charged with a
disiegard of the same." (See proceedings of Senate,
April, lSGij.)
1 have not verified this reference ; I read it
as I iind it here. The Senator will know
whether he has heretofore employed such gen-
erous language in just conformity with the
Constitution. Assuming now that the Senator
has used this language, f think, as a lawyer,
he will feci that Mi*. Downing has the better of
him. I ask my friend to listen, and perhaps he
will confess. The writer proceeds :
"If equality before the law be a constitutional
right, a^ testified to bv Mr. Morrill, and if it bo
the duty of the Federal courts to protect the same,
asheturlher alhrms, is not «iit conceded ;u to the
right ot Collin ess to act m the ea-e in ciui'.-'Uon when
it, is shown that the publ'e inn, the public school,
the common carrier are necessary iiisnt utinns> under
the conttul of Jaw, where equality without regard to
race or color may be cnloieed ? Can there be any
question a* to the sumo? I further invoke the letter
of the Constitution in behalf of congressional action
to protect mo in the rights of an American citizen ;
foi instance"-—
Again I say, this is not the argument of a
Senator, nor of a lawyer, but only of one of
those colored fellow-citizens that iny fiiend
would throw overboard—
"for instance, that aitide which says 'the judicial
power shall extend to all ca^es m law  nd equity
aiising under the Constitution. ' If equality before
the law be, as Mf.Morrill has declared, a constitu-
tional right, the judicial power ot the United States
reaches the same. Another section suvs 'the cit-
izens of each State shall be entitled to all the priv-
ileges and immunities of citizens in the several
States.'"
The writer then proceeds. He is not con-
tent with one clause of the Constitution:
"Another section says 'no State shall make or
enforce any law which hhall abridge the privileges
or immunities of citizens ot the United States.'
Another section says 'the United States shall
guaranty to every State in the Union a republican
form of government.' The section last cited con-
templates a case where a controlling power shall
strive to have it otherwise, and the subordinated
individuals need protection. Congress is left the
judge of what constitutes a republican form of gov-
ernment, and consequently of the rights incidental
thereto."
Then again :
"Another section says 'the Constitution and the
laws of the United Stater, which shall be made in
pursuance thereof, shall be tiie supreme law of the
land/ Another section sa>s that 'Congress has
power to make all laws which shall be necessary
and proper for carrying into execution the powers
invested by the Constitution in the Government of
the United States.' Will it he said that tho power
is not vested in tho Government of the United States
to protect tho rights of its citizens, and that it is not
necessary and proper to do so ?
"The Senator admits that tho colored people
occupy a peculiar relaiion. They having been out-
raged, he says, 'it became necessary to proceed to
enact that this new relation of this new class of cit-
izens should be recognized, and that their rights
should be protected.'
"The Senator admits that there is a constitutional
inhibition against proscribing men bccause of their
race or color in the enjoyment of rights and privi-
leges, but ho denies tho existence of aconstitutional
right on the part of Congress to act in defense of tho
supreme lawwhen aStato may disregard the Con-
stitution in this respect. I read the Constitution
otherwise. I conclude that when the supremo law
says of right a thing shall not be, Congress, which
has that supremo law as its guide and authority, has
the power to enforce the same.
"Recurring again to the social intercourse idea, I
remark that if there be any power under our Gov-
ernment that can be invoked to compel an invasion
into a social circle, that power is tho ballot, which
is already in the eolored mail's hand; it will be more
potent than any enactment which looks simply to
securing equality before the law in public matters.
But this ballot in the white man's hand, from the
commencement of the Government until to-day, has
not enabled him to do it, and I cannot conceive of
tho wondiouk magic, the mighty power, tho irresist-
ible force in the colored mail, which will enablolnm
to effect an achievement which others moro favored
have not dreamed of."
That, sir, is the reply of a eolored fellow-
citizen to the speech of my excellent friend. T
ask Senators to sit in judgment, between the
speech and the reply. I ask if my excellent
friend is not completely answered by George T.
Downing? If Mr. Downing has been abb1
to do this, it is because of the innate strength
of his own cause arid the weakness of that
espoused by tho Senator. Mr. Downing placed
himself on the toxts of the Constitution and
interpreted thorn liberally, justly, for the rights
of his iaoe. The Senator from Maine placed
himself on those same texts, but surrendered to
that malignant interpretation which prevailed
before the war and helped precipitate the re
hellion. The Senator made a Democratic
argument; he snatched his reasons from those
old speeches with which in other days we were
so familiar in this Chamber.
Now, sir, I ask you is not the constitution-
ality of this measure vindicated? Does any
one really doubt its consututionality? Can
any one show a reason against it? Sir, it is as
constitutional us the Constitution itself. You
rnav arraign that gieat charter 5 you may call
it in doubt; you may say that it is imp"rfee1,
fhat it is wrong ; but 1 thank (iod U exists to be
oui guide and master, so that, even my excellent,
fiiend, the able and ingenious Senator, drawing
inspiration from anie bellum arguments, when
Stale Higiits were the constant, cry, and from
Demociaiic speeches in other days, cannot
oveiturn it. Tne Constitution still lives, and
as long as it lives, it must be interpreted by
the Declaration of Independence to advance
human rights.
This is my answer to the Senator on the
question of power to which he invited atten-
tion. 1 have spoken frankly, but 1 hope not
unkindly; hut on this question f must be
plain and open. But this is not all.
Sir. there is a new power in our country.
I have alluded to a new rale of interpreta-
tion ; I allude now to a new power j it is the
colored people of the United States counted
by the million; anew power with votes, and
they now insist upon their lights. They
appear before you in innumerable petitions,
m communications, in letters, all praying for
their lights. They appeal to you in the name
of the Constitution which is for them a sale-
guard ; in the name of that great victory over
the rebellion through which peace was sealed ;
and they remind you that they mean to follow
up their appeal at the badot-box, I have here
an nrtiele m the last. .New National i^ra, of
Washington, a journal edited by coloied per-
sons—Frederick Douglass is the distinguished
editor—and known to be devoted to the pres-
ent Administration, \\ hat does it say ?
"Here, then, is a measure just and necessary, the
embodiment of tho Tory principles upon which tho
Government is founded, and which distinguish it
from monarchical and aristocratic Governments—-a
measure upon which there should be no division in
tho Republican party in Congress, and. of which
there is no question as to its being of moro import-
ance than amnesty. Without this measure amnesty
will be a crime merciless to the loyal blacks of the
South and an encouragement of treason and traitors.
AVo have met colored politicians from the South who
think that the amnesty proposition is an attempt to
gain tho good will of the white voters of the South
at the expense of the colored voters. Should this feel-
ing become general among tho colored people there
is danger of a division of tho colored vote to such an
extent as to defeat tho-llepublican party. Give us the
just measuro of protection of our civil rights before
tho pardoning of those who deny us our rights and
who would destroy the nation, and the colored peo-
ple can feel assured that they are not to be forced
into a back seat and that traitors are not to bo
exalted."
Is not that natural ? If you, sir, were a
colored citizen, would you not write so also?
Would von not insist that you should doubt
any political party pretending to be your
fiiend that failed in this great exigency? I
know you would. I know thatyou would take
your vote in your hand and insist upou using
it so as to secure your own rights.
This is not the only testimony. Here is
another letter which came this morning signed
by "an enfranchised Republican,'-' dated at
Washington, and published in the New York
Tribune. It is entitled u President Grant and
the colored people.n The writer avows him-
self in favor of the renomination of General
Grant, and then says:
"Among tho colored people of the South the im-
pression prevails that he has diMTiimnatod against
the ui in tho diM 1 ibution of patronage, and I ha t it has
not been stru-tly on the ground of merit. The feel-
ing has prevailed th at they aud their tri ends were cul-
pably lolt tojlaU! and the uioieilofS sympathy of tho
murdering Ivu Jvlux organizations vory much longer
than they would have been had they all been ■white/'
fie then proceeds:
" The Fresidi id's unfortunate reply to the colored
delegation which lately waited on him will not tend
to allay that feeling, lie found time to examine I ho
Constitution and tho laws in i he interest of rebels;
he admits t hat he has not done so in tho interest of
the loyal eolored citizen; I10 has doubt-? as to tho
light, to fully protect bun bvaeiion ot Congress in
hiscivil limits; in the light to be entertained hko
an> other t laveler iu a public inn. lie would lea vo
the poor colored man with no pre-ti^e, with but a
limited influence to contend aganet. teniluf odds,
wealthy corporations, !ong-o.\i,-.un;, pi ejudieu; with-
out the ju.st sympatny and assistance pi opuj^d.^for
inst.jure, in Mr. Sumnmi's supplementary civil
rights bill.
" Ll Ihe President hopes to have the vote of tho
colored people, who deMi ( to give it to bun, and tho
influence n nd voteof a powerful,controlling, aggres-
sive Radical (lenient, that is unyielding for tho
right, he iniht noi, like Webster and rtewaid, lo^o
his oppoi tuiM'j by heeding the voice of a conserv-
ative haltnur spirit.''
He next calls attention to an important
political fact:
"The late convention of the colored people of the
South with wi-c di-eretion rehwd ro eommil iNelf
to a presidential candidaie. it ,1 Republican Con-
gies.-i were to p:i<*s the anme-uj Mil, aud retuse to
pass the Mipplwneiitaix <ivd n^us bill, the party
could not calculate 011 the c<doi(dvote; lor in th.it
cast; (here will urxpu-u umably be a new political
combination lnoie acceptable to the colored mail
than the .Republican party."
And he concludes:
"1. have read tins paper to a number of influen-
tial colored persons, and the unanimous rcinai k has
been that tho umo has come for an outspoken ex-
pression."
Now, air, in these instances you ppp a slight
portraiture of a new power in the land, a polit-
ical power which may turn the balance at any
election, at a presidential election even, at a
Slate election. Take for instance Pennsylva-
nia. There are colored voters 111 that State
far moro than enough to turn the scale one
way or the other as they incline; and those
voters, by solemn petition, now appeal to you
for their rights. Tin* ^Senator from Maine
rises m his place and gravely tells them that
they are all mistaken, that Congress has 110
power to give them a remedy, and he deals
out (or l.heir comfort an ancient Democratic
speech 1
Sir, I trust that Congress will find that it
has the power. One tiling f know ; if it haa
the power to amnesty rebels it has the power
