4314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
now in order that it may not be drawn into a
precedent.
The SPEAKER. The time to make that
remark was when the original reference took
place and not when the bill is on its passage.
FREE LIST.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2074) to fix the time of the operation of the
free list; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
DUTIES ON PACKAGES, ETC.
Mr. BROOKS. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce the following for reference to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
The Clerk read as follows:
That all acts and parts of acts requiring duties to bo
assessed upon packages, commissions, brokerage,
cost of transportation,shipment, transshipment, anil
other like costs and incidental charges incurred in
packing and shipping merchandise, are hereby
repealed; and nil acts and parts of acts inconsist-
ent with the provisions of this bcctiou are hereby
ropoaled.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. BROOKS. Who objects?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Randall J
Mr. BROOKS. I will withdraw it for the
present.
FINANCES.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I desire to make
a correction iti some figuics I gave when the
conference report on the tiuiffbill was before
the House. 1 find since tbey have gono into
print an error in arithmetic in caleul.iiing
the price of gold. It is stated (ho reduction
of $82,004,601 08 into gold at 112 would
be $72 920,f>88 !i4. It. should have been
$73 554,110 78, making a reduction growing
out of this error of $0;i;S,622 4t 1 feel called
on to make this conectiou so I hat any gentle-
man who may have occasion to usa these
figures may not full into the same error.
Mr. BECK. Why not make this further
correction?
Mr. DAWES. What is it?
Mr. BECK. 1 hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will feel at liberty lo further
(■Direct his table by striking out the item of
$!J,I77,:)M 02, charged as expenditures of
1800 for ititeiest on the public debt, as he
has htiieken out of the expenditures for 1H71,
for the purpose of comparison with 18(H), all
the interest paid in 1871.
Mr. DAWES. For all such deductions I
gave the reasons in the tables ; and every gen-
tleman will judge for himsolf as to the weight
of those reasons. The error 1 have just cor-
rected being one of sirithmetic, might easily
lead a person astray, and therefore I felt hound
to correct it. As to those items of deduc>ion,
for which, whether properly made or not, 1
have given the reasons, it is not necessary for
toe now to go over them.
Mr. BECK. Then 1 understand the gentle-
man to say that while he struck out all the
pensions of 1871, and all the interest paid in
1871, he purposely left, in the pensions of 1800,
and the interest paid in 1800 ; and that he
considers the table in that respect as exhibit-
ing a fair comparison.
Mr. DAWES. 1 can tell the gentleman my
reason for putting those items in that form.
The pensions of 1800 were thoseof the old pen-
sioners of the war ot' the Revolution. It was
considered that ihey had all passed away be-
tween 1860 and 1871. The public debt that
was due in 18(50 was an old debt which fell
due and was extinguished before 1871. Those
are the reasons tor which those deductions
have been made. As 1 have said, every gen-
tleman can judge for himself as to the propri-
ety of the deductions. But as to the error in
arithmetic I have husteued to correct it as
soon as I Could.
GOODS IN BONDED WAREHOUSES.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee of Ways and Means
a bill (II. li. No. 2973) to refund duties paid
on goods, wares, and merchandise, remaining
in bond or stores on the 1st day of August,
1872 ; which was read a first and second time.
The bill provides that whenever it shall be
shown to the satisfaction of the Secretary of
Ihe Treasury that parties are entitled to a refund
of duties paid on goods, wares, and merchan-
dise remaining in public stores or bonded ware-
houses on the 1st day of August, 1872, under
the provisions of the eighth section of the act
approved June 6, 1872, entitled '' An act to
reducedutieson imports, and to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes," it shall be the
duty of the Secretary ot the Treasury to draw
his warrant upon the Treasurer, directing him
to refund the same out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Does the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts think it best to
make a permanent appropriation for this pur-
pose? Would it not be belter to appropriate
a sufficient sum of money in gross each year?
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, this is only a
provision for a contingency contemplated in
the taiitF act just passed. It provides that
when the taiilf takes effect., ou the 1st of
August next, upon goods in warehouses upon
which duties have been paid, these duties shall
bo refunded. If an appropriation be not made
the duties cannot he refunded.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I under-
stand this is a temporary measure which
exhausts itself with the present year; it will
not stand year after year.
Mr. DAWES. Ob, no; it exhausts itself in
providing for those goods winch may he in
warehouses when the tariff act takes effeel,
and on which duties have been paid. A pro-
vision of this kind is always incorporated in
every tariff act.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not doubt
the propiicty of it; but I do not want a per-
manent. appropriation.
Mr. DA. WES. The operation of this bill is
confined to goods which may bo in warehouses
on the 1st of August next.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 wish to inquire whether
it relates merely to duties or also to costs of
storage, A'.r.
Mr. DAWES. It relates to duties only. It
corresponds word for word with a bill which
was introduced after the tea and coffee bill
was passed.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not think it would
be light to refund the costs of storage, &c.
Mr. DAWES. It does nothing of that
kind.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third lime ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third tune, and passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the voic
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PMNTINO OF TARIFF ACT.
Mr. BEATIY, from the Committee on
Pruning, reported the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and adopted:
Itcmlvrtl, That ten thousand extra copies of the
tariff act just passed bo printed for the uso of the
ltouso.
ItEVISED POSTAL CODE.
Mr. BEATTY also, from the same commit-
tee, repoited the following resolution ; which
was read, considered, and adopted :
liesolved. That thoro be printed for the use of the
House of Representatives ten thousand copies of
the revised postal code.
Mr. WALDEN. I demand the regular order.
MARY ANN JIONTOOMEltY.
The SPEAKER. The regul ar order being
called for, the House resumes consideration of
the business on the Speaker's table; and, as
the first business on the table, the Chair lays
before the House the following veto message
of the President of the United States.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the Senate of the United States :
I have the honor to return herewith Senate bill
Mo. 955, entitled "An act granting a pension to
Mary Ann Montgomery, widow of William W.
Montgomery, late captain in Texas volunteers,"
withouti(Uly approva.1, inasmuch as the concluding
phrase, "and in respect to her minor children under
sixteen years of age," has obviously no meaning
whatsoever.
If it were the intention of the framer of the bill
that the pension thereby granted should revert to
said minor children up m the remarriage or deal h of
the widow, the phrase referred to should read as
follows: "and, in the event of her remarriage or
death, to her minor children under sixteen years of
age." I therefore return tho bill for proper action.
II. S. GRANT.
Executive Massion, May 14,1872.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
indorsement made on the bill by the Senate.
The Clerk read as follows:
In the Senate of the United States,
May 17, 1872.
Tho President, of tho United States having re-
turned to the Senate, in which it originated, the
bill entitled " An act granting a pension to Mary
Ann Montgomery, widow of William W. Montgom-
ery, late captain in Texas volunteeis," with his ob-
jection thereto, the Senate proceeded in pursuance
of t.ho Constitution to reconsider tho same, and re-
solved that the Miid bill do pass, two thirds of the
Senate concumng to pass the samo.
The SPEAKER. The question is, will the
House reconsider and pass this bill?
Mr. BIRD. I trust the House will pass
this bill over the President's veto, as has been
done in the Senate. The only reason forveto-
ing the bill, as appears from the language of
the President, arises from the clause which
was added in the Senate, "and in respect to
her minor children under sixteen years of age."
The President insists that that has no meaning
whatsoever. I agree with the President that
that has no significance. It is so understood
in the Departments; and if this bill should be-
come a law it would have no influence what-
soever in the Departments. It is asupeifluous
expression, giving no direction whatever to
any of the Departments. No money would be,
in any event, expended or paid out by any of
the Depaitments in virtue of that phrase. And
since this is manifestly a meritorious case, the
House, in my judgment, should not sustain
this veto because of asupeilluous or meaning-
less expression in the bill. 'Ihis lady has now
been a widow for ten years. She is entitled to
the bounty of the Government, and I trust the
House will sustain the action of the Senate.
I yield to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Butleii.]
Mr. HOAR. Before my colleague [Mr.
Butler] proceeds, I wish to inquire whether
it would be in order to move to refer this bill
to the committee whence it came?
The SPEAKER. Such a motion wjauld be
in order, hut the first question is, will the
House on reconsideration pass the bill? The
motion of the gentleman from New Jersey
[Mr. Bikd] would take precedence over the
motion to refer.
Mr. BU 1'LE 11, of Massachusetts. There is
no occasion to refer Ihe hill to any committee.
Nor is it any adverse criticism upon the action
of the President that we should pass the bill
over his veto, as has been done in the Senate
by a vote almost unanimous—I am informed,
44 to 1.
The trouble about the bill is this: every-
body agrees as to the justice and propriety of
granting this pension. The difficulty is that
j the Senate inserted the phrase, "and in re-
spect to her minor children under sixteen
years of age,'' which provides for nothing
which is not provided for by the general law.
The provision is one that is of no earthly
consequcncc to man, woman, or child. The
phrase is without meaning.
Mr. WILLARD. It there is any ambiguity
