THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
from Nebraska, upon which the yeas and nays
hare been ordered.
Mr. NYE. How will the resolution read if
amended?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the resolution as it will stand if
amended.
The Chief Clerk. That portion of the res-
olution which it is proposed to amend reads ;
Sesolved, That the President be requested, if in
his judgment not incompatible with the puhlic in-
terest, to inform the Senate of the number of rec-
ommendations for appointment to and removals
from office, so fir as can be ascertained, made to
the present Administration by the Senators from
the States of New York, Missouri, Illinois, and
Nebraska, respectively, &e.
It is proposed to strike out the words "New
Y'ork, Missouri, Illinois, and Nebraska," and
in lieu of these words to insert "the several
States of the Union."
Mr. LOGAN. This question is up for action
at this time, I suppose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not desire to discuss it
but merely to say a few words. I cannot un-
derstand, nor have T been able to learn since
this resolution and the amendments were of-
fered, what the purpose is. An investigation
is proposed as to how many persons have
been recommended for office, who has been
appointed, and by what Senator recommended.
Why, sir, what is the object of an investiga-
tion ? It is to ascertain if law has been vio-
lated, if some improper conduct has been ex-
hibited by some person, something immoral,
something wrong. Is there any wrong in the
recommendation of persons for office? Is
there any wrong in obtaining the appointments
of persons to office unless they are corruptly
obtained? And there is no such charge here.
I do-not like to characterize this resolution
and the amendments as being ridiculous; but
I think anywhere else, except in this Senate
Chamber, they would be considered ridicu-
lous. I have no question of that.
As far as I am concerned individually, I
.care nothing about it. I am willing that my
State shall be investigated so far as I am
concerned, because the investigation will
show that I have made a great many recom-
mendations, and have had a good many peo-
ple appointed, though not so many as I had
hoped to have. That has been my misfortune
and theirs. I have made different, recommend-
ations to office of persons from different States,
of all colors, all complexions, all kinds, except
bad characters. I did once recommend to
Colonel Babcock, who is at the Executive
Mansion, that he allow an old Irish lady here
to build a pen and put a cow in. [Laughter.]
Whether that recommendation was for the
benefit of the lady or the cow I do not know;
but I made the recommendation and he granted
it like a gentleman. I was glad he did.
These things strike me as extremely ridic-
ulous. An investigation is not going to stop
me from recommending, because I wili recom-
mend every day. I do recommend every day
some gentleman or some lady or somebody for
office, a clerkshi p or something, no matter what.
I recommend people for labor and employment,
too. Anything 1 can do for a poor person I
•will do if I think it is right. I am willing to
go before the country and defend myself so
far as recommendations are concerned, and I
expect I have made as many as any man in
'.the Senate, and perhaps got less appointed.
The feeling that is sometimes exhibited here
between Senators seems to me to be strange
for a body of this kind. I am sorry to see it.
I have no such feeling _ against any Senator
that I want him investigated unless he has
done something corrupt, something very wrong.
I do not know why this feeling should exist,
or why it should be exhibited here in the
Senate Chamber. I think the true way for the
Senate is-to consider the proposition a ridicu-
lous one and to lay it on the table. That is
my notion about it, and I make that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
in order. The Senator from Illinois moves to
lay the whole subject on the table.
Mr. CONKLING called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the Senator with-
draw the motion so that I can make an inquiry ?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It must be with
the consent of the Senate, aa the yeas and
nays have been ordered. The Senator from
Illinois asks consent to withdraw the motion
temporarily, to allow the Senator from Ohio
to make a statement. The Chair hears no
objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply wish to make
an inquiry, because it will govern my vote. I
ask the Senator from New York if he deems
this investigation necessary for his own vindi-
cation?' If he does, I shall vote for it.
Mr. CONKLING. Necessity compels me
to say to the Senator that I do. I have so
often been charged with having an undue
share in obtaining patronage, that after the
exercise of what I think is a commendable de-
gree of patience, I want the Senate to know
the facts.
Mr. SHERMAN. All I will add is this: I
say to the Senator from Illinois that I think
with him this proceeding has gone far enough,
and that it ought to be abandoned, and I will
not vote for this further than simply to vindi-
cate a Senator who thinks he needs this inform-
ation for his own vindication. To that extent
I am willing to go, but no further.
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator from New
York allow the resolution to be modified so as
to apply to him alone?
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator from New
York will confine it to his own case, I will
agree to it at once.
Mr. CONKLING. How would that cast
any light upon the point at issue? 1 want to
abstain from debate; I would not even in
answer to questions be drawn into debate now.
I do not wish to refer to anything to provoke
debate and cause delay.
I will, therefore, answer merely that three
members of this body, repeatedly, sometimes
in prepared speeches, speaking of me, or at
me, and in contrast or comparison with them-
selves, have imputed to me a certain line of
action which they condemn, and from which
they say simply they are free. I ask simply
that the records of the accusers and of the
accused be' laid side by side before this body,
and I say to the Senator from Illinois now on
his feet, [Mr. Logan,] that I have never inti-
mated that I thought it was discreditable to
him or any other Senator to make proper
recommendations for office; far from it. I
have made them myself. I want the Senate
and the country to know whom I have recom-
mended ; the facts and the names; and the
same facts as to those here who have arraigned
me. I want, if I can, to reach a time when
there shall be an cud of groundless charges,
which truth would answer, if truth could get
out. The assertions I refer to have done
harm—not to me alone, that would be of little
importance to others; they have done injury
beyond this. The simple facts laid before the
Senate will, I think, remedy the whole diffi-
culty, and probably it will never be necessary
to comment on them ; certainly I do not wish
to do so now.
This is a measure of justice, and that only.
I have seen—I do not know who inspired it—
a statement, apparently by authority, since a
recent amendment was noticed here, that per-
sons had acted as my tools and go-betweens
at the Departments, that my requests were
made through agents. I want to know how
that is. I think I have a right to know it now
since the Senator from Illinois lias proposed
it as part of the inquiry. I have seen it stated
that Senators, whom I will not mention, were
going to offer such a resolution in order to
show the great number of appointments ob-,
tained by me. The suggestion of a resolution
was never made in this body until it came
from a Senator now in his seat, which it did
before I offered it; but it was mentioned as
long ago as the holidays that a resolution was
to be offered, and the mover was mentioned,
in order to bring evidence here showing the
great patronage J. had controlled.
I say to my honorable friend from Nevada
the truth wrongs nobody, and the simple rec-
ord of each of these Senators who stand as
accusers or accused can do no injustice, and I
earnestly hope the Senate will allow the reso-
lution to be adopted.
Mr. LOGAN. I should understand from
the remarks of the Senator from New York
giving his reasons for having this resolution
extend beyond himself that all embraced in
it had been accusers of his. Have I ever been
liis accuser ?
Mr. CONKLING. Very far from it. My
honorable friend will see that I could not,
without a personal impropriety, distinguish in
the resolution between himself and his col-
league. I employed in' the resolution the
words "persons now Senators," and I did so
for a reason. I am very glad the Senator has
reminded me of it. His predecessor, who was
here during the present Administration, has
gone, and is on a bed of sickness. One of
the Senators from Nebraska has gone, and is
no longer among us. One of the Senators
(Judge Drake) who was here from Missouri
has gone out of political life, and is a judge
on the bench. I first drew the resolution
"Senators from the States." Then it oc-
curred to me that I should be including three
absent persons, and I changed it to "persons
now Senators," not because I wanted to in-
clude my honorable friend from Illinois, who
now asks me the question, but simply because
I could not omit him without ueing language
which I feared might be considered discour-
teous or discriminating.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 have no objection, so far as
I am concerned, to being investigated every
morning before breakfast, because I am will-
ing to confess everything in reference to my
recommendations and their success without
any investigation. But investigations here
carry with them always an impression that
there is something to investigate. When noth-
ing criminal, corrupt, or immoral has been
practiced, I cannot understand why investiga-
tion should be ordered.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to interrupt him to make a suggestion? I
entirely agree with him that in the former his-
tory of the Senate an investigation being
ordered presupposed that there was something
to be investigated; but let me suggest to tbai
Senator that that has long since ceased to be
the fact. Ordering an investigation in the
Senate now raises no presumption that there
is anything wrong or that there is anything to
be investigated.
Mr. LOGAN. That may possibly be so fat-
as the gentleman's mind is concerned, but it
might be different with others. Every one I
believe is recognized as havinga right to judge
for himself. Heuce the right is accorded to
the Senator from New York to judge for him-
self. If it is desirable to investigate him, let
that be done, but 1 do not see what harm he
can have done by making recommendations
or by getting appointments for his friends. I
do not think there is any wrong in that. I
cannot see where the wrong is.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me a word?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
^ Mr. CONKLING. I wish to put to the
Senator a case for illustration. Suppose there
were a Senator who had made fewer recom-
mendations—I do not say there is snch a Sen-
ator-—than any other member; suppose he had
less in every sense to do with the dispensation
