730
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
to do justice to colored fellow-citizens. The
latter is much clearer than the former. I do
not question the former; but I say to my excel-
lent friend from Maine that the power to
remove the disabilities of our colored fellow-
citizens is, if possible, stronger, clearer, and
more transcendant than the other. Unques-
tionably it is a power of higher necessity and
dignity. The power to do justice leaps forth
from every clause of the Constitution ; it stands
on every word of its text; it is the inspiration
of the whole charter.
Mr. President, I did not intend to say so
much. I rose to-day merely to enable the
absent to speak, that colored fellow-citizens,
whose own Senators, as they thought, had
failed them, might be heard through their
written word. I did not intend to add any-
thing of my own, but the subject is to me of
such incalculable interest, and its right, settle-
ment. is so essential to the peace of this coun-
try, to its good name, to that reconciliation
which we are all seeking, that I could not
resist the temptation of making this further
appeal.
Mr, MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President.,
the Senator from Massachusetts, while assum-
ing to reply to a speech which I had the honor
to address to the Senate the other day upon
the constitutional power of Congress to enact
into a law an amendment offered by that Sen-
ator to the pending bill, has in the closing part
of his speech assumed a tone and indulged in
assumptions which if I were at all sensitive I
should say were extremely offensive. When
that Senator finds no better argument for his
proposition and no better means at, hand to
answer an argument, as 1 thought candidly,
1 am certain sincerely, addressed to the judg-
ment and sense of this Senate upon the exer-
cise of their powers under the Constitution,
than to tell the Senate that I have made it up
out of ante-bellum Democratic speeches, he
will hardly expect that I will admit that he
has answered my argument, however 1 may
fail to excuse him for the employment of
sueh language in the Senate as applicable to
myself.
Now, Mr. President, I must say that the
course of the honorable Senator upon this bill
of his has been exceptional from the beginning.
This bill is not to be carried, so far as that
Senator is concerned, on argument. From
the beginning he has not addressed argument
to the, sense and judgment of the Senate, nor
does he do it to clay. He brought in a bill on
this subject which he had referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, lie knows that
that committee wore unanimously opposed
to his bill, and upon the very ground which I
have endeavored to piescntto the Senate, on
the ground lliat there was no authority in the
Constitution to pass it. That, has no effect at
all upon the Senator. lie does not defer to
the judgment of that committee, although it is
the legal organ of the Senate, nor does it make
the slightest impression upon his judgment,
certainly none upon his purposes How does
he answer that? On a former occasion he read
for a whole day, during an entire session of
the Senate, letters from all parts of the coun-
try from colored people to show—what? To
enlighten us upon our duties here? No, sir;
lo make an impression upon certain Senators
in certain parts of this country who have a
colored constituency ; toapj>ly the lash to Sen-
ators here; instead of convincing their judg-
ment, to menace them wir,h a new power that
the honorable Senator tells you in closing has
sprung up in the country. That is the prop-
osition. No longer, Mr. President, is the
Senate of the United States to be appealed to
on its judgment and its legal sense when a
great constitutional question is before us, but
we are to be told by the honorable Senator
that anew power has sprung up in this country
by which bills are to be forced through the
Senate. Is not that so ?
Rising here to-day, as he said, to answer my
argument, how has he answered it? He has
had the grace to bring an argument here from
a Mr. Downing, a colored citizen, a reputa-
ble gentleman, no doubt; I have notthe pleas-
ure of his acquaintance; but it is none the
less of an argument that it comes from a
colored citizen ; but is it an argument at all?
Will that Senator say that that is an argu-
ment? When Mr. Downing quotes from the
Constitution of the United States that it is a
duty of the Government of the United States
to guaranty a republican form of government
to the States, will that Senator say that that
justifies his bill? Why does he not say it if
he means it? I challenged the Senator when
he began to put his finger on that part of the
Constitution which justified this; and he brings
in Mr. Downing to say that it comes from that
clause in the Constitution which requires the
Government of the United States to guar-
anty republican institutions 1 Isthere a lawyer
in the land who believes that any such power
can be drawn from that provision of the Con-
stitution? Does the Senator himself believe
it? lie certainly has not said it; and I have
no reason at all, therefore, to believe that he
thinks so; but he brings in Mr. Downing to
say so, and with an air of triumph calls upon
mo to answer, and calls upon the country to see
how I am overthrown by Mr. Downing, "a
colored fellow-citizen 1"
Now let us attend a moment to the honor-
able Senator's argument,, for he did state one
or two positions himself. He began by saying
that the Constitution was full of power, run-
ning over with power. Well, what is his first
proposition? Why, that the Declaration of
Independence is necessarily in the Constitu-
tion, and he insisted that the Constitution of
the United States should be interpreted by the
Declaration of Independence. Does the Sen-
ator mean that?
Mr. SUMNEK. I do.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then I have
pretty much done arguiug with the Senator.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. I think you have.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That the Decla-
ration of Independence is an influence, as I
said the other day, nobody questions; but, that
it is a power in the Constitution, and ought to
be treated as a provision in the Constitution
and as a substantive power, I did not suppose
there was a boy anywhere in the land, who had
ever seen or heard of a law book, that could
believe it.
Mr. SUMNER. My friend will remember
that I did not say the Declaration of Inde
pendence was a substantive power. I said the
Constitution of the United States in all its
powers must be interpreted by the Declaration.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
said that the Declaration was as much an
authority as the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; that I do say,
certainly, and a little more.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Authority for
what? That is the question. Is it an author-
ity by which the Senate of the United States
can legislate? That is the question.' Is it a
substantive power? If it, is not, whatever you
may think of it, it is no justification at all for
this bill.
Now what is the next proposition of the
honorable Senator? Finding the Constitution
full of power, he begins with the Declaration
of Independence, outside of it of course, and
what is the next? The next, proposition is
that we have got a new interpretation of the
Constitution. At the surrender, he says, at
the overthrow of the rebellion, there came a
new interpretation ofthe Constitution. Where?
Whereby? How? He does not toll us; but
he assumes that to be so, and in language lofty
and sufficiently authoritative, one would think,
the honorable Senator declares that, as a fact,
we have a new interpretation of the Constitu-
tion. New, indeed, so far as the introduction
of new provisions into the Constitution iscon-
cerned; but I deny that in any other sense
whatever there is a new inteipretation to be
put upon the Constitution. It is no such thing.
Nor does the honorable Senator give you the
slightest light on that subject why it is; he
simply contents himself with asserting that it
is so; and therefore being a new interpretation
of the Constitution, you can do precisely what
you please. In other words, there is no limit-
ation upon your power.
So much for the next proposition of the hon-
orable Senator ; but he went still further, and
what is his third proposition? The third
proposition is that he finds ample authority
under the thirteenth amendment. If he does,
he finds what no one else ever found before ;
and the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
is utterly mistaken if he supposes that the civil
rights bill was drawn from the thirteenth amend-
ment at all. I said the other day, and I need
not, repeat it now, that I did not question the
constitutionality of the civil rights bill; but it
would have been constitutional before the thir-
teenth amendment; it was not drawn under
that amendment, nor does it, look to that at all
as its source of authority. It looks to that
other provision of the Constitution in the
fourth article, which provides for the equal
privileges and immunities of the citizens in the
several States. That is where its authority is
found.
Mr. President, this is all the reply that the
Senator has deigned to make to my argument
of the other day. These are all tho author-
ities, these are all the provisions of the Con-
stitution to which he refers, although he tells
you it is full and ample to justify the passage
of this bill; but he contents himself with read-
ing from Mr. Downing and other gentlemen
whose names I do not now recollect. Now, I
desire to call attention to a document which
the honorable Senator has seen fit to intro-
duce into this debate as illustrating a little the
temper and the spirit with which my honor-
able friend from Massachusetts conducts this
debate. I adverted to it in the beginning.
He reads from a letter, I think, addressed to
himself 
Mr. SUMNER. No, it is not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It may not be.
I see it is not. It is entitled "Senator Scm-
ner's bill." It is addressed "to the editor of
the Press," and is dated atPhiladelphia, Jan-
uary 27, 1872, signed " R. T. G." Of course
I have no means of knowing who R. T. G. is.
Mr. SUMNER. I mentioned the name. lie
is the principal of the colored institute, a young
colored gentleman, agraduate of Harvard Uni-
versity, an excellent scholar, and as the Sen-
ator will see a very excellent writer.
Mr. MORIULL, of Maine. I am at a loss
to know whether this is introduced as an argu-
ment upon the bill, or whether it is introduced
to show the necessity for the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I said I introduced that to
show the necessity for the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well. The
Senator had a right to read this in his remarks.
If it were addressed to the Senate as a peti-
tion it would not be received. It is not respect-
ful in its language. It makes allusions to the
Senate ol the UnitedStates which are offensive,
which are a menace. It puts tho colored peo-
ple of this country in hostile array against the
Senate of the United States. It tays, sub-
stantially, "If you do not pass Senator Sum-
ner's bill we will mark every one of you."
Let us see what it says:
"We were hoping that an innate sense of justice
woula do away with this senseless prejudice. We
have hoped m vain, and now plainly see that noth-
ing but agitation will obtain justice.
" Wo were patient in former days-because we had
no redress, not because wo wore satisfied. To-dny
wo have the ballot, a.nd we intend to use it as we
used our muskets in the war, to ohtain every civil
right which pertains to any other citizen of this
country." * * * * h- *
"Wo hare watched closely the debates on this
measure, and understand, wo think, rather clearly,
both the parliamentary tactics by which it will be
