678
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 2,
Ho. ob Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Ritchie.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
"equality," as against class legislation, is
good Democratic doctrine.
Mr. DICKEY. There ought to be some-
thing done for the labor of the country.^
Mr. RITCHIE. I believe the condition of
the American laborer to be better than that
of the British, and I would keep it so ; and I
also believe that, as among ourselves, the
labor or capital of one section should not be
oppressed for the benefit of the labor or capi-
tal of another.
Now, the production of coal is eminently a
question of labor, as it is the mining and
handling of it that makes up nearly its entire
cost. As it lies imbedded in the bowels ot the
earth it is comparatively worthless. The
strong arm of the dusky miner brings it forth
from nature's store-house, and so bringing,
gives the Midas-like touch that imparts a
golden, or rather a ''diamond" value. This
question of duty is, therefore, a vital one to
him, as it is in fact a question of wages—a
question of the means of livelihood for him-
self and the wife and little ones that hang
upon his care and cheer his humble home.
Prostrate the coal interest and he will
instantly feel it. A connection unseen, but
sure and rapid as the eleciric current of the
telegraph, holds that home in sympathy with
the eastern market, and it_brightens with hope
and plenty or darkens with stint and appre-
hension, as prosperity or depression attend
upon this industry.
His wages formerly, I am told, were not
much more than half what they are now, so
that he has fortunately been enabled meas-
urably to keep pace with the increased cost
of every article of necessity caused by the war
and the onerous tariff which has followed.
But repeal the duty, stnke down the industry
from which he makes his support, and compel
him to pay at every turn and in various forms
the exactions which the tariff and taxation
lay him under, and it is easy to understand
what the consequences must be to him.
I here append a list of articles of every-day
consumption, with the per cent, of duty which
each article pays under the present duty
annexed:
Per cent.
Salt 85£ to ]l>9 1-6
Coal-oil, (petroleum)  1671
Brown or unbleached domestics  5Uir
Calico tfpa-
Spool-thread  (6
Spun cotton  60*
liostery, (cotton)  35
Table-ware    50
Combs  35
Fans  
Linen .  40
Glass, (window) from 49a to 63 r
Gunpowder  59}
Alpaca dress-goods   107
Hats and bonnets of palm or straw  40
Hemp ropes  34?
Iron   from 43 to 104£
Tracu-chains  60y
Nails  45
&teel   from 31 to 53
Handsaws     39
Pocket-knives  5ft
Lead  56
Leather  35
Gloves, of skin or leather  50
Paints from49i-to 21U
Writing-paper  35
Needles, $1 per 1,000, and  35
Pins   35^
Pens and pencils   551
Cloths made of wool  6Sy
Shawls 
Flannels 113*
Blankets 1^
Wool hats, 50 cents per pound  35
Clothing, ready-made, 50 cents per pound, and -10
Coffee    46£
Tea  gO
Sugar        '6j
Spices 337?
Opium, $2 50 per pound.
Quinine .  45
Cas:or-oiI ,   14W
Books  25
Carpets, (wool) 40 to 89
To further illustrate the operation of existing
tariff laws, I add a table or bill of goods which
every miner, as well as mechanic and farmer>
having a family, must frequently procure.
The price-of each article, the per cent, and
amount of duty upon each, and cost without
duty, is given :
Coat of wool cloth ready made #12 00
Duty 53 per cent   * 4 lb
Cost without duty §7 84
P.rir of woolen pants ready made  $6 00
Duty 53 per cent  2 08
Cost without duty $3 92
Knit drawers and undershirt of wool...  $3 00
Duty 86 6-7 percent  1 40
Cost without duty  $1- 60
Wool hat  SJ 00
Duty 61 3-8 per cent  1 15
Cost without duty SI 85
Vest of wool cloth $4 00
Duty 53 per cent    1 39
Cost without duty $2 6L
Twenty yards of flannel at 60 cents $12 00
Duty 65 per cent  4 73
Cost without duty  $7 27
Twenty yards unbleached domestic, 125-cents. $2 50
Duty 35 per cent  65
Cost without duty  $1 85
Twenty yards calico at 15 cents  $3 00^
Duty 60 per cent    1 121
Cost without duty  SI
Ten yards delaines nt 25 cents  $2 50
Duty 65 percent   99
Cost without duty  $1 51
One pair ten-pound all-wool blankets 510 00
Duty 101 > per cent  5 04
Cost without duty  84 96
Twenty yards common wool carpet $20 00
Duty 89 per cent  9 42
Cost without duty $10 58
Total cost   $78 00
Total duty 32 13*
Total cost without duty $45 86£
And thus T might go on. If he buys a pair
of boots for six dollars, he pays a duty of
$2 10; if he buys four yards of Whitney cloth
for a coat, he pays $11 60, while without duty
it would cost him but $6 40. If he gets
his wife a straw bonnet, thirty-five per cent,
of the price is duty; and the very spool-
thread with which sh^ plies her taxed needle
in clothing the children that play around
her knee has a protection of seventy-six
percent. It is a serio-comic way of putting it,
but it brings the truth home, that the miners'
school-boy cannot have a button on his
breeches without paying the eastern manufac-
turer, who is crying for free coal, three cents
in every ten expended in that way. When the
breaking morn awakes the miner to his work,
it comes to his opening eyes through a taxed
window-pane — a toll gate on the light of
heaven itself. Asd every cooking utensil,
and every cup and plate, employed in getting
his breakfast, commencing with the match that
kindles the fire, represents something pinched
from his wages to enrich the manufacturer.
Not even the pipe, which furnishes him a frugal
solace, is exempt from the ever-present, all-
pursuing demand of the tithe-gatherer. Nay,
if sickness stop his work, and lay him in pain
upon his couch, the spirit of tariff cupidity,
untouched by the spectacle of suffering, in-
vades his chamber, and, standing at his bed-
side, withholds the healing draught and denies
even the consolations of the printed Word,
until, like Shylock, its upound of flesh'5 is
paid. And if he die, bereaved affection can-
not rear a tribute to his memory until its
scanty savings have been in part expended to
defray the duty on the marble.
The New England manufacturer, who be-
holds in the ascending smoke of his factories
the forms of genii laden with richer treasures
than those evoked by the lamp of Aladdin, or
the gas monopolist of the gre<it emporium, us
he feasts his eye upon the roll of )\i> dividends
or the quotations from his stock board, should
be the very last to incite a crusade against an
industry which directly itself and indirectly in
transportation and through its workmen is now
so heavily laid under tribute.
if it could be shown that our bituminous
coal operators are realizing exorbitant profits
as well as those capitalists who are clamoring
for free coal the case would be different, and
they would fin<T no apologist or defender in
me. But, so far from this being so, I am cred-
ibly informed that but a few cents per ton is
the most that can be realized in the eastern
marke's; that our coal companies arebaiely
maintaining themselves, and thar.ifa repeal or
heavy reduction of the duty takes place it will
not only seriously cripple the trade, but. prob-
ably cause an actual suspension of work at
many of the mines.
I am afraid we are apt to overlook the
claims of the miner upon our consideration.
When traveling at lightning speed along the
iron highway, or gazing at, the speedy steam-
ship subduing wind and tide as it. bears the
wealth of commerce to our wharves, or when
quieily enjoying in our parlors the ruddy glow
that sheds comfort and cheerfulness from Our
hearthstones, or seated beneath the gss-lujht
that illuminates the paL'e we read, how liule
do we think of the humble workman, who,
buried in his subterranean cell, endures the
toil and danger, wiihout which all these ad-
vantages and comforts would be impossible.
As to his compensation, the miner in Alle-
ghany county receives about sixty-five cents
per ton, and, if a good workman, will turn
out about four tons per day. But as soft coal
cannot* be stored to advantage, as the hard
can, and transportation by canal is totally
suspended for about three months in the year,
his wages average only from fifty to sixty dol-
lars a month. Moreover, the fluctuations in
the demand and price of coal make his em-
ployment more or less uncertain ; and one
accustomed to work in the mines i3 practi-
cally unfitted for other occupation.
k'The laborer is worthy of his hire," says
the Book of inspiration; and eminently true
is this of the laborer in coal. The life of the
miner is peculiarly marked by haid&hip and
petil. While most men work in the glorious
sunlight, and can look upon the ble>sed blue
sky and the tinted clouds that Boat acio? s it;
can feed their vision upon the purple hills, the
emerald fields, the varihued forest, hear the
babbling stream, see the shimmering liver;
can bare their heated brow to the cooling
breeze and feel their toil lightened by all
the sounds of natural and artificial life, and
cheered by the sight of human faces that
keep them company, the miner—far away
from all that delights the eye and charms the
ear, where the seasons, led by joyous spring,
come not in their ever varying round—immured
m subterranean windings, woiks his solitary
way, with no beam of light but the glimmer
of his hat-hung lamp, with no sound but the
muffled thud ot his own pick or the dull rum-
ble of the hurrying truck-car. There, deep
down in the earth, he toils, so removed from
life that even the storm-cloud, which, while it
awes, yet wakes a sense of grandeur, launches
its lightnings and rolls its crashing thunders,
unseen, unheard by him.
The halt of the life-time of many a miner is
spent literally under ground. One of them,
