1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3419
Indiana says, to unite a two-thirds bill with
ft majority bill, and I gave that as one of the
reasons for my course previously; bat unfor-
tunately a majority of the Senate did not agree
with me, and they decided that it was proper to
put together, and the Senator from Indiana has
helped to put together, legislative bills and bills
removing disabilities. Now, when he returns
opon me and says that this is inconsistent with
my action, I have only to say that I am con-
forming to the regulations of the Senate. The
Senate has decided that these bills may go
together. Of course I have to conform in
business to the rules adopted by the Senate.
I was of a different opinion ; but the Senate
decided that a two-thirds bill and a regular
legislative bill could go together. Having so
decided, of course I conform to the decision
and vote in accordance with it.
I am sorry that my friend from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Robertson] has abandoned amnesty
on the present occasion and has appealed to
the friends of amnesty to go against it. The
friends of amnesty will vote for it everywhere ;
and if the Senator from South Carolina, who
has so often been for amnesty, now comes in
and appeals to his friends to vote against
amnesty, I do not know when he will get it.
We must vote for it under all circumstances
till we get it. If lie is disposed to unite with
those who want to kill amnesty, that is for him
to do ; but the effect of his vote is to destroy
amnesty.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President, when an
amnesty bill was before us early in the session,
and a motion was made to attach what is
known as the supplementary civil rights bill
to it, those who voted against coupling those
two bills were charged with being hostile to
the civil rights bill, it is well known to every
man who knows anything about it, that such
was not the fact. It is perfectly well known
to any Senator who knows anything about it
that Senators who voted against attaching the
civil rights bill to the so-called amnesty bill
on that occasion were the real friends ot the
civil rights bill; and the Senator from Illi-
nois at that time took that ground. He knew,
or he believed at that time that the civil rights
bill was offered to the amnesty bill tor a
double purpose, one ol which, and not by any
means the least important, was to kilt the
amnesty bill 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did.
Mr. SAW YE Li. And now the Senator from
Illinois repeats the taciics which were adopted
by the advocates at that time of attaching the
civil rights bill to the amnesty bill. He desires
to kill the bill which 
Mr. SUMNER rose.
Mr SAWYER One moment. He desires
to kill the bill which is before the Senate ^to-
day, and therefore he seeks to put upon it a
proposition which requires two thirds of the
Senate to pass.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator mean to
say that I moved the civil rights bill in order
to kill the amnesty bill?
Mr. SAWYER. I say the effect of that
motion was well understood to be to kill the
amnesty bill.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator's allegation
was different; it was broader. He said it
was moved to kill the civil rights bill.
Mr. SAWYER. I said it was offered for a
double puroose. ,
Mr. SUMNER. Now, sir, I am ready to
move the civil rights bill at any time I can
get an opportunity.
Mr. SAWYER. If the Senator will move
it on this bill, I will vote for it, because it can
pass here by a majority vote. I do not think
the Senator meant to kill the amnesty bill;
Ms purpose was different. ,
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator said it was
moved to kill the amnesty bill. Now,
moved the civil rights bill.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not mean that. 1 ao
not mean that the Senator from Massachu-
setts moved it with that purpose; but it was
put on with that purpose, and the Senator is
aware of it as well as I am.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is not aware
of it. There may have been certain Senators
who voted with that intent, but I am happy to
believe, and until Senators rise and correct me
I shall hope to linger in the illusion, that Sen-
ators voted honestly for civil rights : that they
believe that tbere are civil rights which are yet
denied to the colored race, and that they are
willing to seize the first opportunity to. vote
for them. That is my illusion at least.
Mr. SAWYER. It is not an illusion. I
share the illusion with him, if it be one, that
there are rights which ought to be secured by
the adoption of the bill of the Senator from
Massachusetts, and I shall vote for it at all
times when I can help it by voting for it, in
my opinion. The attachment of it to any
proposition which requires a two-thirds vote
does not help it; it has not helped it in the
past, and will not help it in the future, but will,
on the contrary, imperil its passage through
the two Houses of Congress at this session.
Our experience justifies me in making that
declaration. The Senator cannot have had
his eyes open unless he has come to that con-
clusion. And now I repeat, the Senator from
Illinois pursues—I question not his motives—
a policy leading to the same end. He pur-
sues a policy which is calculated, whether so
intended or not, to defeat the pending measure
and not to help amnesty.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I said yesterday, in
reply to that very question from the Senator
from Vermont, that if amnesty was put on this
bill I should vote for both together.
Mr. SAWYER. But the Senator was well
aware that there were enough votes in this
Chamber outside of his own to kill it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should hope not. I
should hope the friends of amnesty would
stand by it; but it seems I am mistaken. The
Senator from South Carolina is only for am-
nesty at some other time.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator cannot throw
the responsibility for his action upon other
people. The Senator knows very welllhat an
amnesty bill cannot pass coupled with this
bill, whatever views he may himself entertain,
however he himself may vote. He cannot
mislead or deceive the country on that issue.
There is not an intelligent man in the. country
who does not know that amnesty and this bill
cannot pass and become a law together. It is
all (however intended) a palpable sham to
every man of common sense.
Now, Mr. President, I am for amnesty. I
believe it important to the interests of this
country that the disabilities under which a
large portion of our people labor shall be
removed. I am for the civil rights bill. I
believe that the colored man should have the
same right to the privileges which belong to
citizens of the United States as the white man.
I will go as far as the farthest in securing those
rights to the colored man; but I am not to bo
induced to vote to couple together measures,
one of which can be passed by a mere majority
and the other of which requires a two-thirds
vote, by the threat of being held up to the
country as opposed to amnesty and opposed
to civil rights. ^ x ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator s
five minutes have expired, and a lit,tie bit. over,
as the Chair did not desire to interrupt him m
the middle of a sentence.
Mr. STE W A RT. I do not care about speak-
ing on this question oi' amnesty, for I have
already spoken sufficiently on the question;
but I desire to remark that I appreciate the
force of the consideration presented by the
Senator from South Carolina, that we cannot
secure amnesty by putting it on this bill, i
deprecated the putting ot the twoi bills. to-
gether the other day. I thought the effect
of it was certain to defeat amnesty, and to
defeat the other bill ; that they could not pass
together. That, I believe, we all now recog-
nize. Now, if we put amnesty on this bill,
wo simply defeat amnesty and defeat this bill.
HoweverotherSenators may pursue that course
with regard to putting the civil rights bill on
the amnesty bill, L shall not follow tbat exam-
ple. I believe it is a bad one. I do not care
how large the majority was; I do not believe
that is the way to legislate ; and notwithstand-
ing I have been overruled, I still remain of
the same opinion, that it is not in order to unite
proposition's requiring a two-thirds vote and
propositions requiiing a majority vote. It is
certainly not orderly. It is not founded on
any principle, and I shall not follow any such
example.
Mr. CASSBRLY. I listened to the some-
what warm remarks of the Senator from South
Carolina just now. I should like to ask that
Senator, who has so much to say about sham
friendship for amnesty, how he voted on the
proposition of the Senator from Massachusetts
to put the civd rights bill on the amnesty bill?
Mr. SAWYER. When?
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask how the Senator
voted when the civil rights bill of the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts was fastened on the
amnesty bill?
Mr. SAWYER. On what occasion ?
Mr. CASSERLY. Recently.
Mr. SAWYER. I was out of the Senate,
and was paired with the Senator Iroin Mis-
souri, [Mr. Bt.Alti,] and I did not vote to
couple amnesty with civil rights or civil rights
with amnesty.
Mr. CASSERLY'. I will ask the Senator
if he knows how his vote was disposed ol' on
that subject?
Mr. SAWYER. I made a personal explan-
ation on the morning ot' my jenun. staling
that the Senator from Missoun misunderstood
me as to my position on that point.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator state
what his position was?
Mr. SAWYER. My position was this, if
the Senator will allow me: I was in favor of
substituting for the amnesty bill pending the
proposition of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, and dispose of it alone. When the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts subsequently moved,
that motion having been defeated, to attach
his bill as an amendment to the amnesty bill,
as an addition to it, thus requiring action upon
both together, I was against that measure;, and
so expressed mysell in the Senate. I have
been consistent in that throughout. I have
not given a vote which tended to do that.
Mr. CASSELILY. 1 simply asked a ques-
tion. I do not want all this taken out of my
time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California has two minutes remaining.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator confesses
that he favored and had he been here would
have voted for a movement which he knew,
which everybody knew, whatever the motive
of it was, was a flank movement to destroy
amnesty for this session.
Mr. SAWYER. Not at all.
Mr. CASSERLY. Very well, sir. I was
here; the Senator was not. I think it was
pretty well understood on both sides of the
Chamber that the effect of it was precisely
that.
Mr. THURMA'N. Mr. President, I shall
vote for the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois, and I wish to say one word in ex-
planation. I made the question of order that
the amendment offered liy the Senator from
Massachusetts, called the civil rights bill, to
the amnesty bill was not in order. '1 he Chair
■—then occupied by the Senator from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Aktiioxy]—decided ngt.msf my
point ol order. I appealed to the Senate. It
was argued. The Senate sustained the de-
