1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4315
in the bill, why not introduce a new one, leav-
ing out the objectionable language ?
Mr. BU TLER, of Massachusetts. Because
that would probably kill the bill at this stage
of the session, if a new bill were introduced
it would have to go through both Houses, while
this can now be passed by a two-thirds vole of
this House, the Senate having already acted
upon it.
Mr. CONGER. Because the Senate, having
committed an error, chooses to pass this bill
over the President's veto that is no reason
why the House should also do it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If that
error affected anybody I would agree with
the gentleman from Michigan. But the bill
simply affects one poor woman who has been
without a pension for ten years, her husband
having been worse than killed, having been
murdered and hanged on a tree by guerrillas.
All thai time she has had no relief. It is
agreed on all hands that this phrase affects
nobody. It, is a mere techuical form. I trust
we shall pass the bill.
The SPEAKER. The question is, will the
House, on reconsideration, pass this bill, the
objections of the President to the contrary
notwithstanding? In accordance wiih the
requfiiements of the Consiitution the vote on
this question will be taken by yeas and nays.
The quesiion was taken ; and there were—
yeaslOJ. nays 44, not voting 95 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Archer, Arthur, Beck, Bell,
Bird, Austin Bhur, James G. Blair. Braxton,
Brooks. Buckley, Buffinton, Benjamin F. Butler,
Campbell, Carroll, Comingo, Conner, Cotton, (Jritch-
er, Cro^shind, Donnsin, Box. Du Bose, Duell, Duke,
Dunncli, Eidredge. Farwell. Forker, Henry D. Fos-
ter. Garrett, Getz, Giddings, Haldeman, Bambleton,
Hancock, Haudley, Hanks, Hartner, Harper, George
E. LLuri is. John T. Ilurris, Havens, Gerry W. Hazel-
ton, Hereford, Hibbard, Holman. lloughton. Ken-
dall, Kerr. King, Liimison, Lamport, Manson. Mar-
shall, McClelland, McCormick, McCrary, McHenry,
Mclutyre, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Morgan,
Morphia, Niblack, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Poland,
Potter, Price, Randall, Read, Edward Y. Bice,
Ritchie. Willnin li. Roberts. John Rogers. Sion II.
Rogers, Sessions. Sheldon, Sherwood, Shoher. Sla-
ter, Slocum, II. Boardman Smith, Stevens, Storm,
Swann, Tafie, 'ferry, Thomas, Twichell, Van
Trump, Vaughan, Waddcll, Wakcman, Walden,
"Weils, Whitrliorne, Williams of New York, and
Winch es-ter—1U1.
^lAYfe—Messrs. Ames, Banks, Barber, Burchard,
Cobb, Gong r, Crocker, Barrall, Eauies, Knikeln-
burg. Garlield, John W. Hazelton, Hoar, Kellogg,
Ivetcham, Lansing, McGrew, McJuukin, Mercur,
Merriam, Oir, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Pendle-
ton. Perce, Peters, Prmdle, Rainey, Ellis li. Rob-
erts, Ru^k. Sawyer, Shanks, Sh^llabarger, Thomas
J. Spee'r, Starkweather, Strong, Washington 1 own-
send, Tyner, Waldron, Walls, Whiteley, WilJard,
and Jeremiah M. Wilson—44.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Averill,
Bariium, Ban>,Beatty,Beveridge, Bigby,Bingham,
Boles,-Bright, iiurdett. Roderick R. Butler, Cald-
well, Clarke, Coburn, Coghlan, Cox, Ciebs, Oreely,
JDavis, Dawes, DeLarge. Dickey,ElUott, Ely,Farns-
woith, Charles Foster. Wilder i). Foster. Frye, Gol-
laday, Uoodnch, Griffith. Haie, Halsey, 1-1 aw ley,
Hay, Hajs, Herndon, Hill, Hooper, Keiiey, Kil-
imger, Kmselln, Leach, Lewis, Lowe, Lynch, May-
nard. MeKee. McKumey, McNeely, Mitchell, Mon-
roe, Mooie, Morey, Leonard Myers, Lesley, Hosea
W. Pai ker, Aaron F. Perry. Eli Perry, Piatt, Porter,
John M. Ptice, Robinson, Roosevelt, Sargent,, Sco-
fieid, Seeley, Shoemaker, Sloss. John A. Smith,
Worthingron C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, R. Milton
Speer, Sprague, Stevenson, fttoughtoa, Stowell, St.
John, Sutherland, Syphoi, Dwight Townseud, Tur-
ner, Tuthill, Upson, Voornees, Wallace, Warren,
Wheeler, Williams of Indiana, John T. Wilson,
Wood, and Young—95.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
bill was passed, the objections of the Presi-
dent to the contrary notwithstanding.
STATUE OF GKNEKAL JOHN A. RAWLINS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United £4tates, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropiiationsj and ordered to be
printed :
To the Senate and Jloute of Representatives:
I have the honor to respectfully .call tne atten-
tion Congrc's to an act approved July 14. 1870,
directing die S'-cruai'y ot War to place at the dis-
posal ot the Pi evident certain bronzo ordnance to
aid in the erection ot an equestrian statue of the
late General John A. Kuwuus; and to the facts
that no appropriation of money to pay lor the statue
is made by the resolution, and no artist is named or
party designated to whom the ordnance is to be
delivered.
In view of the ambiquity of the statute I would
recommend that Congress signify what action is
desired as to the selection of the artist, and that the
necessary sum required for the erection of the
monument be appropriated. A board of officers
should also be named to designate-the location of
the monument.
U.S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion, May 31,1872.
COMMNRCR WITH BKITISK COLONIES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting, in answer to a resolution
of the House of May 14,1872, a report and ac-
companying document from the Postmaster
General j which was referred, with accompany-
ing documents, to the Committee on Com-
merce, and oidered to be printed.
EXTRADITION TREATY WITH BELGIUM.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
message irom the President of the United
States, transmitting a report and accompany-
ing documents from the Secretary ot State, in
answer to a resolution of the House of May 7,
1872, requesting copies of correspondence in
regard to an extradition treaty with Belgium;
which was relerred, with accompanying docu-
ments, to the Committee on Foreigu Affairs.
COMPENDIUM OF CENSUS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the*House
the following concurrent resolution of the
Senate; which was relerred, under the law,to
the Committee on Printing:
Resolved by the Senate of the United State*, (the
House concurring,) That there be printed one hun-
dred thousand copies of the compendium ot ttie
census of 1870, ot which twenty-five thousand shall
be lorthe use of the Senate, fifty thousand for the
use of the House, and twenty-live thousand lor the
Department of the Interior.
GOVERNMENT SALES OF ARMS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following concurrent resolution of the
Senate; which was referred, under the law,
to the Committee on Printing:
Rewlved by the Senate, (the House of Represent-
atives concurring,) Tliat there be printed ten thou-
sand add li ion ill copies ut\the report (S. No. 183) uf
the select committee to inqune in relation to the
sales ot arms by the Government during the year
ending June 30, 1871, with the views of the minority,
without the testimony, four thousand copies of
which shall be for the use of the Senate, and six
thousand for the use ot the House of Represent-
atives; and that there be pained two thousand
additional copies with the testimony, one thousand
of which shall be lor 'he use of the Senate, and one
thousand lor the use of the House ot Represent-
atives.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Stmp-
son, one of their clerks, announced that the
Senate had agieed to the amendment of the
House to the bill of the Senate of the follow-
ing title:
An act (S. No. 471) to provide for furnish-
ing artificial limbs to disabled soldiers, ap-
proved July 80, 1870.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed resolutions, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested, as follows:
A resolution directing the joint Committee
on Enrolled Bills to correct the enrollment of
Senate bill No. 546, relative to homestead set-
tlers burned out in the States ot Minnesota.
Wisconsin, and Michigan, by inserting after
the woid ** States," in line eleven of the en-
rolled bill, the words who are burned out; "
and by striking out of line twelve the words
"who burned out; 1' and
A concurrent resolution directing the joint
Committee on Enrolled Bills to insert in the
enrolled bill of the House No. 2683, to irrant
additional compensation to the marshal of the
district of Souih Carolina for the period of j
four months ant! ten days, the wind " May " j
iubU..d of "April; " the word "April L^v- i
ing been inserted by mistake in the Senate !
amendment, and concurred in by the House. I
The message further announced that the I
Senate had passed, without amendment, bills
of the House of the following titles:
An act (H. R, No. 575) for the relief of Seth
M, W bitten, late private in the fourth regiment
Michigan infantry;
An act, (H. H, No. 1063) to reimburse the
State of Kansas for moneys expended for t he
United States in enrolling, equipping, and
provisioning mibtia forces to aid iu suppress-
ing the rebellion j
An act (H. R. No. 1272) to amend an act
entitled "An act to establish and to protect
national cemeteries," approved February 22,
1807;
An act (H. R. No. 1513) authorizing the
Secretary ot War to expend certain moneys
for the purpose of sinking an artesian well oil
the Fort D. A. Russell military reservation in
Wyoming Territory ;
An act (H. R. No. 1758) to authorize the
appointment of deputies of clerks of circuit
and district courts;
An act (H. li. No. 1773) for the relief of
Andrew J. Jemison;
An act (H. R. No. 1829) for the settlement
of the accounts of Major Abram Beeler, late
paymaster of United States volunteers;
An act (H. R. No. 1869) for the better se-
curity of bank reserves, and to facilitate bank
clearing-house exchanges;
An act (II. R. No. 2034) for the relief of
S. G. Allen, of London, lingland;
An act (II. It. No. 2130) to authorize an
appointment iu the Inspector General's de-
partment ;
An act (H. R. No. 2700) donating con-
demned cannon and cannon balls to certain
organizations for monumental purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 2706) to amend an act
entiiled "An act to provide for the disposition
of useless military reservations," approved
February 24, 1871 ;
An act (H. li. No, 2719) for cancellation
of bonds for manufactured tobacco lost ou
steamer George P. Upton, between the cities
of Richmond and New York;
An act (H. R. No. 2773) to amend section
five of an act entitled "An act making appro-
priations for the consular and diplomanc ex-
penses of the Government for the year 1841,"
approved March 3, 1841, and to authorize the
proper consiruction ihereof;
An act (H. R. No. 2847) to authorize the
Orange, Alexandria, and Manassas Railroad
Company to run trains and transport freight
and passengers within the District of Colum-
bia;
An act (EL R. No. 2850) authorizing the
constiuction of a public building at Phila-
delphia, Pennsylvania, for the use of the
post office and United States courts iu said
city;
An act (H. R. No. 2860) for the relief W.
A. Howard ;
An act (H. R. No. 2941) for the relief of
Frederick Pech ; and
* An act (H. R. No. 2956) to authorize the
building of the New Mexico and Gulf railway,
and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the amendment of the
House to Senate bill No. 780, to provide for
the redemption and sale ot lands held by the
United States under the several acts levying
direct taxes, wiih an amendment; in wiiicji
the concurience of the House was requesied.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, with amendments, in
which the coneuirenee of the House was
requested, House bills of the following titles:
Ail act (H. R. No. 094) to prevent cruelty
to ar.in.ials while iu transit by railroad or
oilier means of transportation within the
United Stales ;
An act (11. R. No. 1017) to prevent and
punish thf obstruction oi the adminis'ratiou
of ju:4iee in Hie com:". rf the Un'U'd Stales ;
An act (H. R. No. 1671; rnak'rg apptoi :i-
