1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
731
defeated, if it be defeated, and the eleventh-hour
support "which some have given it."
* * * * * * #
"From the pseudo-Republicans, who follow the
victorious army tor the spoils alone, we would have
nothing ; but from the honorable Republicans, who
really believe in the principles of the party, we
demand the passage of Senator Summer's bill as a
test of the sincerity of their intentions toward us."
Now, Mr. President, just consider: we are
here endeavoring to do what we think is just
and fair to all the citizens of this country. All
of us, I am certain, are disposed to go just as
far as our constitutional limits will permit us
m the direction the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts proposes ; and yet we are to be
told, and we are to be told through the lips of
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts,
that if we do not take his bill, about which
these people can know nothing in the legal
sense, if we do not take a bill which the legal
organ of this body tells us we cannot take with-
out a violation of the Constitution, then what?
Then we are to be marked.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. MORItlLL, of Maine. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. Inadvertently, of course
unintentionally, the Senator misstates the con-
dition of the Judiciary Committee, so far as its
action is concerned toward this bill. This bill,
that is, the present bill, as I understand, has
never been before the committee. A bill sim-
ilar to this, and possibly in tlie same phrase-
ology, at a former session was before the com-
mittee, when differently constituted than it is
now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It was a different bill.
Mr. CARPENTER. I thought so; but I
was not certain. This bill I understand never
to have been before that committee.
Mr. SCJMNBR. It never has been.
Mr. CARPENTER. Therefore tlie commit-
tee has never had occasion to take any action
on this bill and have consultation upon it, and
never has reported against it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I began by say-
ing that the supplementary bill of the Senator
from Massachusetts was sent to the committee,
and that it was reported against by the Judi-
ciary Committee, and it being in that condi-
tion when this amnesty bill came up, the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts moved it as
an amendment to this bill. It has undergone
some changes on the suggestion of my honor-
able friend from New Jersey, since it was first
offered, I am aware.
Mr. CONKLING. If my honorable friend
will pardon me for a moment, I will remind
him that he added to his statement that the
Judiciary Committee reported adversely upon
the ground that there was no warrant in the
Constitution for such a bill. There I am quite
sure he has been misinformed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That was my
information. I do not know how the fact is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend will pardon
me, as I believe I have been a member of the
Judiciary Committee every time that this bill
under this name has been before it. I will say
that we reported against the bill under this name
every time hitherto—there are wide differences
in a constitutional view perhaps between it now
and in its former shape—chiefly on the ground
that the civil rights bill was adequate to ac-
complish the protection which the citizen was
entitled to, and that this was unnecessary
legislation. We never reported against the
bill upon the ground that its chief and leading
features were unconstitutional. If we had
thought it necessary, in order to enforce these
rights, to report in favor of such a bill, doubt-
less we should have made some changes such
ashave been already made. That is the ground
upon which the committee has acted. Now,
if my friend will pardon me, history has
proved, experience has proved, that the civil
rights bill as it now stands is not adequate to
accomplish the end of equality and security
which the Constitution commands shall be
observed. That is where we stand.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator from
Maine allow me a word?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not quite understand
these expressions of opinion which have been
given in regard to the bill which was before
the Judiciary Committee. The eommittoe re-
ported adversely upon that bill. It made no
written report, and stated no reason for its
adverse report according to my recollection.
I think I am quite right in that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. I donotknow, then, that
this Senate can take any cognizance of what
were the opinions of the individual members
of that committee. They did not see fit to lay
their individual opinions before the Senate as
reasons for rejecting that bill. I suppose the
truth to be, in respect to it, that some mem-
bers of the committee voted against it for one
reason and others voted against it for another
reason.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very likely.
Mr. THURMAN. That is the real truth
about it. I was taken to task once, and by
my friend from Vermont, I think, foralluding
to the opinions of the Judiciary Committee
upon another question. I do not object, how-
ever, to anything he has said; but, as every
one seems to be making a clean breast of it,
I must say that for my part, as a member
of that committee, I voted against that bill,
because I believed it to be unconstitutional.
That was the main motive, not the only one,
but the main motive that I had ; and I think
it will trouble anybody to show any material
difference between that bill and this, so far as
the constitutional question is concerned.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend from Maine
will pardon me a moment, I will say that
nobody would doubt what is the attitude of
my friend from Ohio upon the constitution-
ality of this provision. Nobody can doubt
what his attitude would have been on the
civil rights bill had he been here. Perhaps
nobody doubts what his attitude is as to the
constitutionality of the fourteenth amendment
itself. I have heard it stoutly maintained by
gentlemen of the same political persuasion
as my friend from Ohio that the fourteenth
amendment itself is unconstitutional, in the
sense that it has not been lawfully adopted.
Very wellj all that I rose to say was that no
weight ought to be made against the merit
of ihis amendment on the ground that the
Judiciary Committee had reported against it,
for the reasons that I stated. Wherever its
opinion is sought to be brought into a state
of opposition to this amendment, upon the
ground that it is not constitutional, then I
submit that it is right and fair that it should
be known that it was not on that ground, so
far as I have a right to say, that we acted.
That is all.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Well, Mr. Pres-
ident. I daresay I was not. well enough informed
on the subject to venture to say so much as I
did say as to what had been the conclusions
of the Committee on the Judiciary; but prob-
ably I am justified in saying what the record
shows, that the bill went to the J udiciary Com-
mittee for its consideration, and that it reported
against it once, twice, and perhaps oftener,
and that ought to suffice my purpose, and was
probably as far as I was authorized to go. Sen-
ators must draw their own inferences as to the
reason.
Mr. WILSON. Does the Senator from Maine
desire to address the Senate further ? If so, 1
propose to move an adjournment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Only a minute
longer. I should have contented myself
entirely to remain under the castigation which
the honotabie Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sumxeb] seemed to feel that it was neces-
sary to give mo for venturing to speak against
his bill, if I had not felt that the language to
which I have adverted, ascribing to me cer-
tain sources for my speech, was offensive.
Mr. CARPENTER obtained the floor.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Will the Senator with-
draw his motion ?
Mr. WILSOrl. We cannot come to a vote
to-night.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I ask for
the yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 31, nays 25 : as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Brownlow, Cam-
eron, Carpenter, Chandler, Colo, Conkling, Corbett,
Cragin, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry of Michigan, Fre-
linghuysen, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont. Morton, Nye,
Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey, Eiee,
Sumner. Wilson, "Windom and Wriirlit—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Davis of Kentucky, Davis
of West Virginia, Flanagan, Goldthwaite, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Harlan, Hill, Johnston, Kelly,
Kellogg, Lewis, Logan, Norwood, Robertson, Sauls-
bury, Sawyer, Schurz, Spencer, Stevenson, Stockton,
Thurman, Trumbull, Vickers, and West—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Bayard,
Buckingham, Caldwell, Cnsserly, Clayton, Cooper,
Ferry of Connecticut, ' Hitchcock, Howe, Pratt,
Scott, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, and Tipton—17.
So the motion was agreed to, and (at ten
minutes past four o'clock p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 31, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
edgartown harbor.
Mr. BUFFINTON, by unanimous consent,
presented the memorial of the harbor commis-
sioners of the State of Massachusetts, con-
cerning Edgartown harbor, in said State ; the
opinion of the United States advisory council;
the report to Professor Benjamin Peirce,
Superintendent United States Coast Survey,
by Henry Mitchell, chief of physical hydrog-
raphy, United States Coast Survey; the letter
of Josiah Quiney, chairman of harbor com-
mission, State of Massachusetts : the report of
Henry L. Whitney, and the memorial of citi-
zens of Edgartown, in relation to the same
subject; all of which were referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
order of business
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call
for the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour now
begins at fourteen minutes past twelve o'clock,
and the House resumes the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 891) to further regulate
the appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme
Court, and to prevent delays therein, which
was reported yesterday from the Committee
on the Revision of the Laws. The pending
question is on the amendment of the gentle-
man from Maryland, [Mr. Mekbick.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
yield to my colleague on the committee to
report a bill for the purpose of having it
recommitted and printed.
bankruptcy
Mr. LANSING, from the Committee on
Revision of the Laws of the United States,
reported back the bill (H. R. No. <332) amend-
ing an act to establish a uniform system of
bankruptcy throughout the United States, ap
proved March 2, 1867, and the several acts
amendatory thereof; which was read a first
and second time, ordered to be printed, and
recommitted.
amending court practices.
Mr. AMBLER, from the Committee on
Revision of the Laws of the United States,
reported back the bill (II. R. No. 032) amend-
ing the practice of the courts in certain cases,
with amendments; and the bill, as amendedf
was ordered to be printed and recommitted.
