3420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
cision of the Chair, and decided that it was in
order. With great respect for the majority
•who made that decision, I entertain precisely
the same opinion now that I did then, that
that amendment was not in order; but that
does not settle the question at all whether the
amendment offered by the Senator from Illi-
nois is in order. The amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts to the amnesty bill,
as I maintain, was out of order because,
although I admit that the general rule of parlia-
mentary law which prevails in the Senate does
not require that an amendment shall be ger-
mane to the bill, but, on the contrary,_ you
may move the most incongruous proposition
for the very purpose of defeating the bill, yet
I maintain thai the Constitution itself, the
highest law, makes the case of an amnesty bill
sui generis, and requires that all amendments
to it shall be germane to that subject. That
was my proposition. The majority of the
Senate thought differently.
But suppose I were right in that proposi-
tion ; the only effect of it would be that when
an amnesty bill is before the Senate you can-
not attach to it any proposition that is not
germane to that subject, you cannot attach to
it any proposition of ordinary legislation. But
it by no means follows that when a bill of
ordinary legislation is belore the Senate you
may not, attach to it any other measure what-
soever, for the Constitution does not come in
there to make that bill of ordinary legislation
sui generis. That stands on the general par-
liamentary law of the Senate which admits
the most incongruous amendments to be made;
even for the very purpose of defeating the
pending bill. It is therefore perfectly com-
petent, in my judgment, to move the amend-
ment, offered by the Senator from Illinois, and
I shall vote for it-
Mr. FREL1NGIIUYSEN. I should like
to ask the Senator from Ohio, for information,
if the amnesty bill is put on this election bill,
will it not then require a two-thirds vote to
pass the bill ?
Mr. THURMAN. It will.
Mr. FUELING IIUYSEN. Then the friends
of the election law can hardly be expected, 1
take it. to vote for the amnesty bill.
Mr. MCE. I am for the bill that is before
the Senate, and I am for amnesty. I have
had sufficient experience in putting together
two bills, both of which I am for, not to
attempt the same experiment again. I was for
civil rights and I was for amnesty, and I voted
every time to put, them together, and the result
has been to kill both. 1 do not propose to
repeat that experiment here and kill both bills
that I am for. I prefer rather to take one that
I can get. and trust to time to get the other.
Mr. ANTHONY". I do not i'eel the embar-
rassment which seems to affect so many mem-
bers here who find it necessary to apologize
for voting against what is misnamed the
amnesty bill. I am in favor, for the leasons
that were so well stated by the Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr Scott] when the bill was
before the Senate prior to the holidays, of
restoring to their forefeited rights some few
persons who are st 11 laboring under disabili-
ties. and who. under any other Government,
would have been severely punished, and many
of whom, under our own laws, ifthe laws had
been executed, would have been capitally
punished. 1 do not believe, as some Senators
seem to believe, that the principal object for
which we aie assembled is to pass what is
called an amnesty bill. I do not believe that
restoring unrepentant rebels to their forfeited
rights is the whole object for which we are
assembled, the chief end of man, and the glory
of God. [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLOGG. I am in favor of am-
nesty, and as it is quite fashionable to say
something in explanation of votes, I pro-
pose to say only that I prefer the bill that
has come from the House, and I intend to
move it upon the judiciary bill which the Sen-
ator from Illinois proposes to take up imme-
diately after this btll is disposed of. This is a
very important bill; it has been discussed for
a good while, and I want to see it passed.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment, offered
by the Senator from Illinois, to strike out the
second exception from the amnesty bill. The
Chair supposed that the Senator moved that
amendment pro forma yesterday in order to
enable him to speak.
Mr.; TRUMBULL. Let a vote_ be taken
upon it. I am in favor of striking it out.
Mr. BLAIR. I think the country will be
under obligations to the Senator from Illinois
for exposing these professed friends of am-
nesty who have always contrived to defeat it
while professing to be for it, and who are now
prepared to vote it down absolutely when it is
proposed as an amendment, following their
own example in proposing other amendments
to the amnesty bili itself when it was before
the Senate. I rejoice very much that the
Senator from Illinois has proposed his amend-
ment, and I shall vote for it. I not only re-
joice that he has proposed it, but that he has
been the means of exposing the 'professed
friends of amnesty in this Chamber.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me ask my friend
from Missouri, if we should vote for amnesty,
and the friends of amnesty should put, tins
amendment on the election bill, would he then
vote for the election bill?
Mr. BLAIR. I should do so without any
sort, of hesitation.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is frank. Now, 1
will state in a word why, in my judgment, this
amendment ought not to bo thrust in upon
this bill. That the amnesty bill will pass there
is no doubt. Several votes of the Senate have
shown that there is a large majority honestly
in favor of amnesty. Senators are not doing
justice to themselves aivl their associates when
they impute any doubtful motive. There is
no doubt that there is also a determination in
the Seriate that the civil rights bill shall be
voted upon by the Senate, and by the House,
if possible, according to the rules of parlia-
mentary law; and lam just in that predicament
myself. I am ready at any time to vote for
amnesty, for liberal and generous amnesty:
but at the same time I will exercise my parlia-
mentary power to induce the passage of that
other bill connected with it, that kind of twin
sister that ought to go with it, the eivil rights
bill. I think in doing that we are doing what
we are perfectly justified in doing, what wo
are justified by parliamentary law in doing.
My opinion is strengthened by a vote taken
yesterday in the House of Representatives,
and to that we have a right to allude; a vote
of] 13 to 77 upon suspending the rules to take
up the bill in regard to civil rights, indicating
that a very large majority of the House were
desirous of passing that bill, 'Under those
circumstances [ think we have a parliament-
ary right, and it is our duty, to send them the bill
in such a form that the majority may act, upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the votes in the other House are not,
by pailiamentary law to he referred to to in-
fluence the action of this House in any way.
The question is on the amendment to the
amendment, to strikeout the second exception
from the amnesty bill.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The question now
recurs to agree to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] asamended
by adding the second section of the House
amnesty bill.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move to amend the
amendment by adding the following as addi-
tional sections:
Sec.—. That no citizen of the United Statesi shall,
by reason of race, color, or previous condition of
servitude, be excepted or excluded from tho full and
equal enjoyment of any accommodation, advantage,
facility, or privilege furnished by innkeepers; by
common carriers, whether on land or water; by
licensed owners, managers, or lessees of theaters or
other places of public amusement; by trustees, com-
missioners, superintendents, teaohers, and other offi-
cers of oommon schools and public institutions of
learning, t hosatne being supported i>y mon eys derived
from general taxation or authorized by law; also of
cemetery associations and benevolent associations
supported or authorized in the same way: Pi ovidetL
That private sohools, cemeteries, and institutionsof
learning established exclusively for white oroolored
persons, and maintained respectively by voluntary
contributions, shall romain according to the terms
of tho original establishment.
Skc. —. That any person violating any of the pro-
visions ot' the foregoing scction.or aiding in their
violation, or inciting thereto, shall, tor every such,
offense, forfeit and pay the sum of $500 to the per-
son aggrieved thereby, to bo recovered in an n,ction
on the caso, with full costs, and shall also, for every
such offense, be doomed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and, upon conviction thereof, shall be fined not less
than $500 nor more than $1,000, or shall be imprisoned
not loss than thirty days nor moro than one year :
Provided, That tho party aggrieved shall not, recover
moro than one penalty; and when the offense is a
refusal of burial, the penalty may bo recovered by
the heirs at law of tho person whose body hag been
refused burial.
Sec. —. That thesame jurisdiction and powors are
hereby oonforred and the same duties onjoined upon
tho courts and officers of tho United States in the
execution of this act ns are conferred and enjoined
upon such courts and officers in seotions three, four,
live, seven, and ten of an afit entitled "An act to
protect all porsons in tho United States in their
civil rights, and to furnish the moans of their vindi-
cation," passed April 9,1806, and theso sections are
hereby made a partof this act; and any of the afore-
said officers falling to institute and prosecute such
proceedings herein required shall, for every such
offonse. forfeit, and pay the sum of $500 to tho per-
son aggrieved thereby, to be recovered by an notion
on the case, with full costs, and shall oil conviction
thereof be doomed guilry of n misdemeanor, and be
lined not loss than $1,000 nor moro than $5,000.
ISrcc.—.That no citr/on possessing all other qual-
ifications which arc or may bo prescribed by law
shall bo disqualified for service as juror in any court,
national or State, by reason of race, color, or pre-
vious condition of servitudo ; and any oUioer oi other
porson charged with auy duty in tho solection or
summoning of jurors who shall exclude or fail to
summon any citizon for tho reason above named
shall, on conviction thereof, be deemed guiltv of a
misdemeanor and bo fined not less than $1,000 nor
more than $5,000.
Skc. —. That every discrimination against any cit-
izen on account of color by tho use of t,be word
" whito," or any other term in any law, statute,
ordinance, or regulation, is hereby repealed and
annulled.
Perhaps I may be a little premature in offer-
ing thisamondment, I wish to offer this amend-
ment to the enforcement bill, arid not as an
amendment to the amnesty amendment.
. The VICE PRES1DE NT. Theamendment
of the Senator from Illinois is not yet dis-
posed of.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Then I withdraw this
for the moment.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest to my friend that
the civil rights bill should be moved after action
on the amnesty amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
South Carolina was about stating that.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I gave notice yester-
day that when the vote was finally taken on
the amnesty bill, I should be ready to move
the eivil rights bill, I do not wish to attach
it to the amnesty bill, requiring a two-thirds
vote, if I can attach it to a mere majority bill.
I thought the amnesty amendment had been
voted down.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not yet
disposed of.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Then I withdraw my
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairmust
state to the Senator from Illinois that in
accordance with the agreement 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to make a
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
has a right to move to amend further.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend the
present amendment by adding to it the amend-
