THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
report, it back with an amendment, and recom-
mend its passage. I ask for its present con-
sideration.
' There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee ot' the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which provides for placing on
the pension-roll, subject to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws, the name of
Elizabeth Harding, mother of Jasper EE.
Harding, late a private in company A, seventy-
sixth regiment Pennsylvania volunteers, to take
effect from the 1st of January, 1870.
The amendment reported by the committee
was to strike out "the 1st day of January,
1870," and insert "passage of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read the third tin>e, and passed.
POTTAWATOMIES AND ABSENTEE SIIAWNKES
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The Committee on
Indian Affairs have instructed me to report a
bill, and I ask that it be put upon its passage
now.
The bill (S. No. 088) to provide homes for
the Pottawatomie and absentee Shawnee In-
dians in the Indian t.eriitory was read twice,
and considered as it) Committee of ihe Whole.
It provides for the issuing by the Secretary of
the Interior of certificates by which allotments
of lands lying within the thirty miles square
tract heretofore selected for the Pottawato-
mie Indians next west of the Seminole reser-
vation in the Indian territory, shall be made
to each member of the Pottawatomie baud,
known as the Pottawatomie c'tizen band, in
this manner: to each head of family and each
other member of the tribe twenty-one years
of age, not more than a quarter section, and
to each minor not. more than eighty acres, such
allotment being made to include, as far as
practicable, for each family the improvements
wlueh they may have made. Certificates of
allotment are to he made in severally, specify-
ing the names of the individuals to which they
have been assigned, and that the tracts are set
apart lor the exclusive and perpetual use and
benefit of such assignees and their heirs. Until
otherwise provided for by law, these tracts are
to be exempt, from levy, tax, or sale, and shall
be alienable only to persons of Indian blood
law fully residing within the territory, with the
peimission of the President, under such regu-
lations as may he prescribed by the Secretary
of the Intelior,
Mr. POMKUOY. I think the minors ought
to have one hundred and sixty acres instead
of eighty acres. This bill gives them but
eighty acres apiece, which is too small.
jVIr. S IMS WART. It is a good bill as it is.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. It was supposed by
the committee that the quantity now provided
ill the bill would he sufficient..
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed fur a
third readiug, read the third time, and passed.
lSU'/A \VHIT(N(i.
Mr. SAULSBURY. 1 now ask leave to
take up a bill reported by the Committee on
Pensions on the 25ill of March. At that time
there was objection made to its consideration,
and the bill uad to go over. It is Senate bill
No. 8-56.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Delaware asks the Senate to consider a
pension bill, probably the only one remain-
ing on the Calendar, there having been objec-
tion, on the day it was reported, to the con-
sideration of any bill.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No.
850) granting a pension to Eliza Whiting
was read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It authorizes
and directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place on the pension roll, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations ot' the pension laws,
the name of Eliza Whiting, widow of the late
Brevet Brigadier General Henry Whiting, and
to pay her a pension, to commence from the
passage of the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
JAMBS A. BELL.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope the Senate will
now proceed with the bill called up at my re-
quest. It is a bill that has passed the House;
it is reported unanimously by the proper com
mittee of this body. I think the reading of
the bill will sufficiently explain it. If it doe3
not, a word from the honorable Senator from
Iowa [Mr. Weight] will give the Senate all
the information it needs.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (II. R. No. 2036)
for tho relief of James A. Bell.
The Committee on Finance reported an
amendment to the bill, to strike out all after
the enacting clause of the bill, and in lieu
thereof to insert the following:
That the Secretary of tho Treasury be, and he is,
authorized and directed to issue to James A. Bell
registered stock of tho several loans and classes
specified below in lieu of five-twenty United States
six r>cr cent, coupon bonds as follows, to wit: No.
80199, live-twenties of 1802, fouith scries, issued
under act of i<\;bruary 25, j8152, for $1,000; No.151000,
consols of 1805, i,-if under act of March 3, 1865,
for $1,000: No. 76709, consols of 18(3,3, issued under
aetol March 3,1805, for SsiOU; Nos. 171731 and 174732,
each tor St,000 consols <■!' 1867, issued under act
of March 3, 1805: No. 95415, consols of 1867, issued
under net ot March 3, 1805, for $">00; Nos. 202274,
202275, and 225307, consols of 1807, issued under act
of March 3, 1805, for $100 each ; JNo. 112311, consols
of 1867, issued under act of March 3,1805, for fifty
dollars, upon proof satisfactory to the Secretary
ot tho Treasury of the destruction of the originals,
and upon said James A. Belt ffivinp: bond, with
sufficient surety, to indemnify tho United States
against any loss lesulting therefrom.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was report od to the Sen ate as amend-
ed, and the amendmentwas concurred in. The
amendment was ordered to he engrossed, and
the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third lime, and passed.
I'APBKS WITIIDHAWN AND It EF Ell It ED.
On motion of Mr. IIOWE, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of 11. *\V.
lleed bo taken from tho files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
AMKNJKMU.NTS TO At'PttOPlUATION JJflLS.
Mr. SAWYER submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill(H.
R. No. 1654) making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal year
ending Juno 30, 1872, and for former years,
and for other purposes; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee onNaval
AH'aiis, submitted amendments intended to bo
proposed 10 the bill (H. It. No. 1191) making
appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending June 30, 187^, and for other pur-
poses; which were referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CALDWELL submitted an amendment
intended to lie proposed by him to the bill (H.
It, No. 1511) making appropriations for ihe
support of the Army Cor the year ending June
00,1871); which was relerred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
.MISSISSIPPI IIIVKit NAVIGATION
Mr. W1NDOM. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was referred
the bill (U. R. No. 1027) to perfect navigation
on the Mississippi river, to report it back and
ask that it be put on iis passage. I will state
that this bill has twice passed the House of
Representatives almost unanimously, and three
limes been unanimously reported from the
Committee on Public Lands of the Senate.
The Chief Cleik read the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is impossible to tell
from the reading of that bill what, it is. It is
a bill changing a land grant. I think some
one ought to explain it, and let us understand
what the change is.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will explain it. Those
familiar with the Mississippi river know that
from St. Paul to the Falls of St. Anthony, a
distance of fifteen miles, a great part of the
way is a succession of rapids; so that, although
Minneapolis is an improving and prosperous
town, it is impossible in seasons of low water
to carry boats up that distance. The purpose
of the original legislation was to enable the
people there to erect a dam about midway, so
as to enable boats to pass above that dam to
the city of Minneapolis, and for that, purpose
Congress gave two hundred thousand acres of
land by the act of 1868. But that act had this
very difficult provision in it, that but one sec-
tion of land should be located in a town, and
that it should be sold only to actual settlers at
$1 25 an acre. That would cover an extent
of country about one hundred miles east and
west by seventy miles north and south. It is
impossible to administer any fund of this kind
over so immense a tract, it cannot be done.
The purpose of this bill is to produce just
the same amount of money, but to take other
than agricultural lands scattered as provided
for by the original act to take pine Ian da, if you
please, and sell them for the highest price ; and
when the $250,000 shall have been produced
the rest of the grant lapses to the Government.
That is all there is in it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The effect of it is that
it increases the grant very much.
Mr. RAMSEY. Not at ail, I assure the
Senator.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It increases it in a way
which 1 will explain. The grant was originally,
as I understand the Senator from Minnesota,
one section of land in a township—land of
course that was worth $1 25 an acre, or of
which that was the nominal price. They are
unable to locate these lands a section in a
township and realize $250,000, which they
desire to do, and now they are authorized to
take lands elsewhere and sell them uutil they
get $250,000. That is the amount of it. They
may take for that purpose pine lands, which
aire much more valuable, to realize the sum of
$250,000; It may he proper that this should
be done, but I think it is enlarging very much
the grant.
Mr. RAMSEY. It does not enlarge the
number of acres, but it limits the amount, of
money realized to the original sum. $250,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ttie original grant was
not' of a sum of money at ail. it was a quan-
tity of land which, if sold at $1 25 an acre,
would amount to a certain sum.
Mr. RAMSEY. Would produce $250,000
of money. Now, if you can find pine lands
producing ten dollars an acre you reduce the
whole number of acies granted.
Mr. WISDOM. And the lauds are to be
sold at public auction.
Mr. RAMSEY. This bill has been passed
by the House of Representatives and con-
sidered by the Senate Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We all understand how
lands are sold at public auction iu the West.
Everybody knows that a sale of lands at public
auction to the highest biddcramounts to a sale
of the land at ihe minimum price and nothing
more. We all have known of land worth one
hundred dollars an acre bought off at $1 25,
and it never biings any more.
Mr. WiNDOM. 1 hat is at Government
sales.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know, but that is
precisely the way they will We sold under this
act.
Mr. RAMSEY. That might be in the case
of agricultural lands ; but it is not so with
pine lands. Ihe competition is too sharp,
lhey will be looked after by a parcel of men
who cannot be imposed upon by any arrange-
