1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3421
ment just offered by the Senator from South
Carolina.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois moves to amend the pending
amendment by adding the so-called civil
rights sections moved by the Senator from
South Carolina.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is known that I am
opposed to this social equality bill, but I want
to see now who is for it. I want to see
whether the Senate is for it, or whether Sen-
ators are simply using it to defeat amnesty.
This will give us a direct vote on it. Let us
see now those in favor of this social equality
bill. On that question I ask for the yeas and
navs.
Before taking my seatj I wish to say that in
moving the amendment, I do it for the very
purpose of seeing who is disposed to vote for
such a proposition by itself, where we can get
a distinct vote upon it. I shall vote against
it. I have merely offered it for the purpose
of testing the sense of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. And, Mr. President, I too
shall vote against it 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am very glad to hear it.
Mr. SUMNER. Because I will not vote for
a proposition which I know is made with evil
intent. That is the point. I am in favor of
civil rights, and I am not going to see them
sacrificed. Therefore, sir, I shall vote against
this proposition now; but when the Senator's
motion tor amnesty is voted down, then I am
ready to move the civil rights bill, and I will
ask all who really are in earnest for civil rights
to record their names in its favor. I am for
what is practical. The proposition of the Sen-
ator is not, practical; it is to sacrifice the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, Mr. President, it
is the very thing the Senator has done time and
again. He has mov^ed it as an amendment to
the amnesty bill time and again for the purpose
of defeating amnesty. Now let him vote against
it  nd admit what his object was.
Mr. ROBER TSON. When I first made the
motion my object was to get this amendment
onto the enforcement bill which would become
a law by a mere majority vote ; but I moved it
as an amendment to the amnesty bill. There-
fore I do not wish to be misunderstood in my
action.
Mr. CASSERLY. I was not surprised at
the objections of the Senator from Massachu-
setts to the motion of the Senator from Illi-
nois. The Senator from Illinois moves the
civil rights bill of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts upon this bill. This bill is a majority
bill; and being a majority bill the two meas-
ures may pass by the same vote; but more
than that, it is not the amnesty bill. Hence
the objection of the Senator from Massachu-
setts. That Senator can correct me if I am
wrong ; but I have watched his course with all
the attention and interest due to him as a
prominent and distinguished member of this
body, and my recollection is that not once
did the Senator from Massachusetts, in the
course of the long struggle, protracted over
weeks and months, move his civil rights bill on
any bill but the amnesty bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Of course I have not. I
have had no opportunity.
Mr. CASSERLY. '• Of course!"
Mr. SUMNER. I have had no opportunity.
Mr. CASSERLY. Oh I
Mr. SUMNER. And I do not move it now
on the amnesty motion. I wait for the action
Of the Senate on that. If the amnesty motion
should prevail, my friend from California may
be sure he will have an opportunity of voting
On the civil rights bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly!
Mr. SUMNER. I shall move it, and when
the amnesty motion is out of the way I shall
give him also an opportunity of voting upon it.
Mr. CASSERLY. Therefore, sir, he puts
death upon amnesty; he puts upon amnesty
® measure that he knows in this body will
destroy it. That is all I have to say, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on amending the so-called amnesty propo-
sition by adding the so-called civil rights
proposition. [Laughter.] The question is
on that amendment to the amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I call for the yeas and
nays to show who will vote for this civil rights
bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I understand the
amendment is offered by the Senator from
Illinois.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
_Mr. CARPENTER. I shall vote against
this amendment to add the civil rights bill so
called upon the amnesty bill so called, [laugh-
ter,] and then I shall vote against both of
them and vote for passing the bill before the
Senate just as it is, without these amendments.
If it has come to this that, when a Senator
gets his face Set that a particular measure
shall pass, he will move it upon every bill
of ordinary legislation having no connection
with the subject whatever, then it has come to
this, that not another bill can pass here. The
next bill reported by the Judiciary Committee,
which the Senator from Illinois offers, for es-
tablishing a court, for changing the terms of a
court, or anything else, will have to encounter
all these contested measures, and the whole
session may be wasted without passing another
bill.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I am a
friend of the civil rights bill, as I have shown
by a good many votes; but when the civil
rights bill is offered by one of its enemies, not
for the purpose of securing its success, but for
the purpose of securing its defeat along with
the defeat of the measure we have been en-
gaged upon for several days, I shall vote
against that as an amendment, to the amnesty
amendment, and I hope the bill will be passed
without having anything of the kind attached
to it. It is ati important bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 6, nays 50 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Caldwell, Clayton, Edmunds, Har-
lan, Pomeroy, and Spratrue—6.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcoru. Anthony, Blair, Boreman,
Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly, Colo,
Cooper, Corbett, Davis of Wost Virginia, .berry of
Connecticut,, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Freling-
haysen, Gilbert. Gold thwaitc, Hamilton ot Mary land,
Hamilton of Texas, Ilamlm, Hill, Hitchcock, John-
ston, Kellogg, Kelly. Logan. Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of v ermont. Morton, Norwood, Pool, Pratt,
Ramsey, Ransom, Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Saw-
yer, Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Stevenson, Stockton,
Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Wilson, and
Windom—50.
ABSENT — Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Brownlow,
Chandler, Conkhng, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky,
Fenton. IIowc, Lewis, Nye.Osborn. Patterson, Spen-
cer, Stewart, Viekers, W est, and Wright—IB.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois, which is to add the amnesty proposi-
tion as generally known in the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ALCORN. I protest against placing
the proposition to grant amnesty to the
southern people on the back of any other bill.
I do so for the reason on which I should pro-
test against the introduction of the Lord's
Prayer into the Constitution of the United
States—in deference to the fitness of things.
The fitness is outraged in the case before us
to the extent of dealing out in a spirit of bar-
gain and sale the nation's sovereign grace.
And amnesty should, I submit, be in the pro-
priety of things free in fact and in form, so as
to maintain the condition under which alone
it, constitutes a stroke of statesmanship—the
condition of an appeal of gracious generosity
to a responsive gratitude. Up to the present
time reconstruction has gone on the basis of
a bargain—it was so with the thirteenth, the
fourteenth, and fifteenth amendments to the
Constitution. Amnesty should, if extended, be
granted to the southern people in the form of
an appeal, which will nothave been made in vain
by a free gift, a royal largess of the nation. In
behalf of the people I represent I propose to
receive it, in no other form.
Mr. STOCKTON. The Senator from Del-
aware [Mr. Bayard] has gone homesick. He
is paired with the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Chandler.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 33 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Blair, Casserly, Clayton, Cooper,
Davis of West Virginia, Ferry of Connecticut,
Goldthwaito, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of
Texas, HM1. Johnston, Kelly, Norwood, Ransom,
Saulsbury, Schuiz, Sprague, Stovenson, Stockton,
Thurman, Tipton, and Trumbull—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Boremnn, Buck-
ingham, Cameron. Carpenter, Cole, Corbett, Ed-
munds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuy-
sen, Gilbert, Ilamlin, Ilarlan, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Osborn, Pomeroy,
Pool, Pratt, Itamsey, Itico, Robertson, Sawyer,
Scott, Sherman, Sumner, West, Wilson, Windoin
and Wright—33.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Brownlow
Caldwell, Chandler, Conklinsr, Cragin, Davis of
Kentucky, Fenton, Hitchcock, Ilowe, ICellogg,
Lewis, Logan, Nye, Patterson, Spencer, Stewart,
and Viekers—19.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I now send to the Chair
an amendment which I desire to come in at
the end of the bill. It is known as the civil
rights bill. It is the same that has been read
just now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is that the last final
amendment, as perfected the other day?
Mr. SUMNER. Substantially.
Mr. ROBERTSON. The amendment was
just now read when offered on my motion.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. Itwillnotberead
unless some one calls for the reading.
Mr. SAWYER. This seems to me to be the
first real opportunity we have ever had to pass
the civil rights bill, and I hope we shall avail
ourselves of it, and attach it to this bill.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Heretofore the friends
of amnesty and civil rights have come in con-
flict with each other as to passing those two
measures. Now, sir, we are to have a fair
and square vote on the amendment as offered
by myself this morning, and we shall see who
are the friends of equal rights. I proposed it
in order that we might determine the ques-
tion by a majority vote. The friends of equal
civil rights should support this amendment
now, put it here, and not put it upon a meas
ure that requires a two-thirds vote to become
a law, and thereby jeopardize it. I wish
simply to express the hope that we shall have
a fair, square vote, and that equal rights will
be established.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment ofthe amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts, to add the sec-
tions known in the Senate as the civil rights
proposition.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. BOREMAN. I move to strike out in
the first section all after the word "amuse-
ment" in the ninth line.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from West Virginia moves to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts by
striking out the words which wdl be read by
the Secretary.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to strike
out the following words:
By trustees, commissioners, superintendents,
teachers, and other officers of common schools and
public institutions of learning, the same being sup-
ported by moneys derived from general taxation or
authorized by law; also of cemetery associations and
benevolent associations supported or authorized in
the same way: Provided, That privateschools, cem-
eteries, and institutions of learning established ex-
clusively for white or colored persons, and main-
tained respectively by voluntary contributions, shall
remain according to the terms of the original estab-
lishment.
So that the section will read ;
That no citizen of the United States shall, by rea-
son of race, color, or previous condition o£ ser-
vitude, be excepted or excluded from the fall and
