1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOftE.
2525
ment. The competition is too close for that.
You cannot get a combination to purchase pine
lands at $1 "25.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I inquire of the Sen-
ator from Minnesota if in all his experience
he has known even pine lands to run up to
their value at a public sale by the Govern-
ment?
Mr. RAMSEY. These lands are usually
gotten by homestead entries improperly made,
or preemption claims. This is the fairest way
to bring about open competition for the_ ben-
efit of a trust like this. Everybody will be
interested in making the most money possible
for the fund, and so soon as the amount of
money required for this purpose is realized
the rest goes into the general laud fund of the
United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is one feature in
this bill that attracted my attention when it
was read which I should like to have ex-
plained. This seems to extend the time for
completing the lock and dam provided for in
the original act, four years.
Mr. WINDOM. There was no time ex-
pressed in the former act; this limits k to
four years,
Mr. SHERMAN. Does this give them
lands or the proceeds of lands before the dam
is constructed?
Mr. RAMSEY. No; it gives them to the
State of Minnesota. The dam is to be con-
structed under the supervision of the national
authority by the engineer corps of the United
States.
Mr. SHERMAN. But what obligation is
there on the part of the State of Minnesota to
construct the lock and dam?
Mr. RAMSEY. That is the obligation ex-
pressed in the very terms of the act making
the donation.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I desire to have
an amendment, that before this grant shall
take effect the State of Minnesota shall by an
act of the Legislature agree to construct the
dam and lock. 1 know how such things have
gone in time past to other States; grants have
been given to States ; they have received the
benefit of them, applied the proceeds to their
own uses, and Congress has no power to en-
force against a State under those circumstances
the implied obligation that arises from the
acceotance of the graut. _
Mi*. RAMSEY. On that suggestion of the
Senator, probably the bill had better go over
that he may look into it.
" The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the bill (H. R.
No. 1200) granting a pension to Rev. William
H. Rogers be recommitted to the Committee
on Pensions. It was reported without_ any
recommendation. Since that time additional
evidence has been furnished to the committee,
and I wish to have the bill recommitted.
The motion was agreed to.
OKDElt OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BOREMAN. In my absence the other
day the Committee on Claims called up a bill
which had been reported by me from that com-
mittee, for the relief of Joseph begar, ot Vir
ginia. I rise now for the purpose of asking
the Senate to consider it and pass it this
mornin^.
The °VICE PRESIDENT. It requires
unanimous consent, the morning business not
having yet concluded. .
Mr. CALDWELL. I do not wish to object,
but I have some morning business to present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in the
nature of an objection.
Mr. SCHURZ. Is it in order to move that
the Senate proceed to consider the House
blThe°' VICE PRESIDENT. It requires
unanimous consent, the morning business not
having concluded, and the Senator from West
Virginia has just presented a similar request.
Mr. LOGAN. I have risen to ask the Sen-
ate to consider the bill which I called up yes-
terday morning (No. 749) for the relief of
John M. Scott and others, reported by the
Committee on Private Land Claims—a bill
that is understood by my colleague and the
members of that committee, I have not given
it sufficient examination myself to thoroughly
explain it. If there is no objection, I should
like to have it called up to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from West Virginia has asked to call up the
hill, but other Senators have risen for morn-
ing business.
Mr. LOGAN. I cannot call it up this morn-
ing, as there is objection, but I give notice
that I will do so to-morrow.
bills intkodoc1sd.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 991)
to authorize the sale of the military reserva-
tion known as Camp Cady, in the State of
California ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HITCHCOCK asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 992) relating to the creation of new land
districts; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 993) to prevent and punish tampering with
jurors in the courts ot the United States;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. COOPER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 994) to pay certain persons therein speci-
fied for horses illegally taken from them by
officers of the United States ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WINDOM asked, and by unanimous
consent, obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 995) to perfect certain land titles therein
described; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. AMES asked, and by unanimous^ con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
996) to repeal so much of scction six of an
act making appropriations^ for the support
of the Army for the year ending June 30,1870,
and for other purposes, approved March 3,
1889, as prohibits promotions in the staff de-
partments of the Army; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill(S. No.
997) authorizing A. G. Lee and the legal rep-
resentatives of B. P. Lee, deceased, to pros-
ecute their claim against the United States in.
the Court of Claims; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
BILLS ON TUB CALENDAR.
Mr. KELLOGG submitted the following
resolution;
Resolved, That on Wednesday, the 24*1? day
April, the Senate will proceed to the consideration
of the bills on the Calendar in the order m winch
they there stand
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that by unanimous consent Wednesday
next has been assigned for the consideration
of a bill reported from the Committee on
Alleged Outrages in the Southern States.
Mr KELLOGG. I submit the resolution.
Mr. COLE. I object to the consideration
°fThe VICE PRESIDENT. It will go over.
The morning hour has expired, and the Sen-
ate resumes the consideration of the bill
pending at the adjournment last evening,
House bill No. 106, but to-day was assigned
for the consideration of bills from the Coixj-
ipittee on the District of Columbia, and the
Chair recognizes the chairman of that cam-
mittee so that he can teat the sense of the
Senate as to going on with the unfinished
,Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
New Hampshire would allow a vote to be
taken on that bill, I do not believe anybody
wants to discuss it. We had it up yesterday,
and I think it is understood.
Mr. PATTERSON. I think we shall not
occupy more than an hour or so with the Dis-
trict bills. Let the vote be taken on this
afterward.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If anybody says any-
thing about it I will not press it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Hampshire yields to allow the
Chair to see if this bill can be passed without
further debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will take but a min-
ute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be sub-
ject to a demand for the regular order.
TAX TITLES IN INSURRECTIONARY STATES.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of tjie
Whole, the consideration of the bill (H. li.
No. 100) for the relief of purchasers of lands
sold for direct taxes in the insurrectionary
States, the pending question being on the
amendment reported by the Copimittee on the
Judiciary, in section two, lines four apd five,
to strike out the words "court of competent
jurisdiction" and insert "United States court;'
and in hnes twelve and thirteen, to strike out
" court of competent jurisdiction " aud insert
" United States court."
Mr. COOPEli. I understood the chairman
of the committee and also the Senator V >m
Vermont to argue in favor of the amendment
upon the proposition that it was essential, be
fore the Treasury should be charged, that the
judgment to be satisfied should be a judgment
of a United States court. Now, [ suggest to
the chairman thai under the provisions 01 the
first section the United States set up no claim
to the land or the proceeds of the land pro-
vided they are paid the tax originally levied
upon the land; and the second scction only
provides that iu the event that the purchaser
is evicted by the judgment either of a State or
a Federal court, he may go to the Treasury for
repayment, 1 t seems to me that the bill is lor
the interest of the purchaser and not lor the
original owner, because the original owner
may recover his land by virtue ot a judgment
of a State court, and the purchaser ui that
locality has no remedy unless you give it under
the second section of this bill, lie has the
privilege, it is true, if he is sued in a State
court, to transfer the case to the Federal court;
but it is the only privilege, if you adopt the
amendment, by which you secure to him a
return of the money paid lor lands in the insur-
rectionary States, which he obtained by viitue
of a void tax sale. It seems to me the object
of the bill is tor the protection of the pur-
chaser, and 1 cannot conceive why you shou.4
force him into a Federal court before you give
him any remedy. The remedy given to th3
original owner is in the State court; he may
recover theie, and your purchaser receives
n°Thisbill provides by its second section that
upon that recovery, either in a State or h ederal
court, he may go to the Treasury and receive
his money back, provided t.iat the ^ United
States is indemnified for the tax originally
levied. That is all the United States desire.
They do not desire to hold the money provided
the tax originally levied, and lor which the
sale was tuade. is refunded. Ihe original
