THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March IB,
minors shall not be enlisted in the military
service of the United States without the con-
sent of parents or guardians ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1672) granting to the
Davenport and St. Paul Railroad Company
the right of way.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills; and they were thereupon signed
by t.]ie Vice President, namely:
A bill (S. No. 442) supplementary to an act
to provide for a Building suited to the use
of the post office, the pension and revenue
offiaers, and the judicial officers of the United
States in the city of Trenton, New Jersey,
approved March 3, 1871;
A bill (H. R. No. 73) for the relief of Ben-
jamin Vanniman ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 437) authorizing the Pres-
ident of the United States to reestablish the
Monroe land district in the State of Louisiana.
public building at st. louis.
On motion of Mr. BLAIR, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider its amendments to the bill
(H. R. No. 619) appropriating money for the
purchase of a suitable site and erecting a build-
ing thereon in the city of St. Louis, Missouri,
to be used for the purposes of a custom-house,
post office, and other Federal offices, disagreed
to by the House of Representatives.
The Senate insisted on its amendments,
and agreed to the conference asked for by the
House of Representatives.
The YICE PRESIDENT being authorized,
by unanimous consent, to appoint the conferees
ou the part of the Senate, Messrs. Moiirill
of Vermont, Trumbull, and Blair were ap-
pointed.
national 1sxciiuquisu.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. At the re-
quest of the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Stbvenson,] I desire to withdraw the motion
I entered yesterday to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution passed ordering the print-
ing of the arguments, circular, and bill for the
exchequer submitted to the Finance Commit-
tee on the 6th of December, by Daniel H. Lon-
don, of New York.
The VICK PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the motion to reconsider will be
withdrawn. It is withdrawn.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 1060) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1873, and for other purposes, the
question being on the amendment of Mr.
Logan to the amendment reported by Mr.
Sherman from the Committee on Finance
The amendment of Mr. Sherman-, as yester-
day amended by the Senate, was to insert as
an additional section the following:
That from and after the 1st day of January, A. D.
1872, tile annual salaries of the Assistant Secreta-
ries, and also uf the Second Comptroller, the Kegis-
tor, the Auditors, the Commissioner of Customs, and
the supervising architect of the Treasury Depart-
ment; theAssistantPostmasters General of the Post
Office Departiaent: the superintendents of the
money-orders and foreign mails; the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, the Commissioner of
Pensions, the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and
the Commissioner of .Education, of the Interior
Department, shall be $4,000, and such sum as is
necessary to carry into effect the provisions of this
sectioji to the end of the fiscal year ending June
30,1873. is hereby appropriated out of any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The amendment of Mr. Logan was to add
to the amendment "the supervising surgeon
of the marine hospital service.''
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, there
seems to be an entire misapprehension not
only with regard to the duty of this officer,
but with regard to his work. This office was
created years ago on the recommendation
of the Secretary of the Treasury, by a bill
reported by the Committee on Commerce.
Prior to that a clerk in the Treasury Depart-
ment had been detailed to attend to these
duties, but it was found that frequent requisi-
tions were made for medicines that were not
suited to the locality where they were to be
used. The first action of the Department was
to ask for the detail of an Army surgeon for
this superintendence, which would involve no
pay from the Treasury. The proposition was
that an Army surgeon should be detailed for
this work, but upon discussion it was finally
decided to appoint a civilian to fill this place.
Instead of there being one hundred and
thirty-five hospitals, there are only twenty-four
if 1 figure up right. The duties of this officer
are once a year to visit each one of these
twenty-four hospitals. All these other places
are where patients are sent to local hospitals.
This superintendent has no more to do with
those than he has to do with the department
of the Army or of the Navy. They are sent to
these local hospitals where they are provided
with food, lodging and medicine, and this man
never visits those places, or at least he has no
business to go there. His business, his duties
are to visit and investigate the marine hos-
pitals, and nothing else. Now he brings in a
report here showing that a larger amount of
money has been collected during the past
year than during the previous year. He has
no more to do with the collection of that
money than youhave, sir. Tbesehospital dues
are all collected by the collectors of customs.
Then he gives the expenses at the local hos-
pitals. Very well, he gives that from the
Treasury books; he has nothing to do with
it. He merely visits the hospitals and in
spects them once a year, and superintends
the furnishing of medicine and supplies that
are sent to the hospitals; and if i am cor-
rect, there are twenty-four of them. There
are two in New England, one of which is at
Portland, Maine. And, by the way, he speaks
of a reduction in the expenditures. That is
very easily explained. A few years ago we
passed a law compelling the Secretary of the
Treasury to sell the marine hospitals where
the number of patients did not average twenty
the year round, and we made one single ex-
ception to that law, and that was in the case
of Portland, in Maine, at the request of Mr.
Fessenden, since deceased. We left the Port-
land hospital, although it did not come up to
the average of twenty patients a year ; but in
every other instance the law is imperative,
that where the average number of patients is
not twenty the Secretary must sell the hos-
pital and cover the money received from the
sale into the Treasury.
This man is no more a bureau officer than
yon or I. He has nothing to do with these
hospitals except to visit them once a year,
inspect them, and direct what medicincs shall
go there. Then his duties are ended. He
brings in here a report which has led my
honorable friend from Illinois [Mr. Logan]
to suppose that there are over one hundred and
thirty marine hospitals. No such thing; there
are only twenty-four, unless I have made a
mistake in the figures. I suppose, if he is an
industrious man, it will take two months of
the year, and not any more, to attend to all
this. The diminution of expenditures is occa-
sioned by lessening the number of hospitals.
We found that thousands of dollars were being
expended in hospitals where there would not
be three patients on an average the year round.
We_ found it was cheaper to send those few
patients to the highest-priced hotels and keep
them there rather than keep up the whole
machinery of a hospital. We have reduced
the expenditures by selling the hospitals.
Now, if the proposition is seriously made to
increase the compensation of this officer beyond
$2,000 a year and his traveling expenses,-1
shall then move that the office be abolished, and
that the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to employ an Army surgeon to attend to those
duties, which he can do without any additional
expense to the Government.
Mr. LOGAN. I am very sorry to see the
disposition manifested here to misrepresent
this position, not to misrepresent it intention-
ally, ot course, but to fail to inquire into the
facts. The Senator from Michigan, if he had
talked with the Secretary of the Treasury in
reference to this matter, would not have made
the statement he has made this morning. I
am sure of that. He claims that the reduction
in expenses is on account of a particular law
that was passed. Now, I want to make a
statement uponexamination, for I have exam-
ined this question; I have had conversations
with the Secretary of the Treasury; I have
made examinations in the office, and what I
state I know to be true. This reduction has
not been made as the Senator says, by reason
of the sale of hospitals. The Senator is very
much mistaken, and if he had read this report
he would have seen that he was mistaken.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is no head or
tail to the report.
Mr. LOGAN. There is no head or tail to
anything a man does not understand; that is
very true. Well, sir, the reduction of expense
in the hospital service is because of the reduc-
tion of the pi ice paid for patients. Last year
it was a certain price, and this year it is less,
lhat makes the difference. The Senator says
that this officer has nothing to do with these
hospitals; he merely inspects them. As I
stated yesterday, I was very sorry to find that
men here had not examined this question so
as to speak more knowingly upon it. He has
to do with it how ? He fixes the price for each
patient that is treated in every one of these
places, one-hundred and thirty five in number.
The patients are treated at different places.
For instance, to illustrate, in Cairo persons
are employed to take charge of these patients
at so much a patient per day, employed by
this chief surgeon. In Chicago the same tiling
is true. The marine hospital at Chicago was
burned down and the new marine hospital
building is not completed. The patients in
Chicago are now under the charge of the Sis-
ters there, under a contract made with this
supervising surgeon at so much apiece. These
contracts are made, and he supervises the con-
tracts, and so it is in every instance.
The Senator says that I represented that
there were one hundred and thirty-five hos-
pitals. So I did, but I did not represent that
there were one hundred and thirty five hos-
pital houses built by the Government of the
United States ; and if the Senator will exam-
ine into the meaning of the word "hospital,"
he will find that it does not mean a stone
building, or a brick building, or a wooden
building, or any other building, but any place
where people are treated for disease.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator par-
don me for putting a question? 'Is he not
aware that where there is not a marine hos-
pital the collector of the port takes the con-
tract and fixes the price? This surgeon has
nothing whatever to do with it, never touches it.
Mr. LOGAN. I am not aware of any such
thing; but I will tell you what I am aware of.
I am aware of the fact that where there is a
port of entry, and there is a collector of cus-
toms, that collector does make the contract
for the treating of those patients, but that con-
tract is made under the direction of the super-
vising surgeon. That is the fact, and you can-
not show a contract to-day that is not so made.
You were speaking of a time when a mere
clerk did this duty. Then it was a different
thing; but under the instructions of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury now the supervising sur-
geon has the whole charge, and these contracts
are made by the collectors of customs at the
different ports where hospitals do not exist,
under the supervision and by the direction of
