2526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
owner obtains his remedy in the State court,
fend why you should force the purchaser into
the Federal courts I am unable to understand.
I hope the amendment will not be agreed to ;
l>ut let the bill stand so that wherever a judg-
ment is given either in a State or Federal
court to oust a purchaser, he may have his
remedy to recover his money.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As it is by the indul-
gence of the Senator from New Hampshire
that we called up this bill, I cannot reply to
the Senator from Tennessee ; but I think there
is a complete answer to all he has said.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. COOPER. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will take just one
minute, and I think I can satisfy the Senator
from Tennessee himself. This bill provides
that the purchaser at the tax sale may get the
money back that he paid for the land. He
did not simply pay the tax ; but under the act
for the collection of direct taxes the land was
sold for its full value. For instance, A bid
off a tract of laud and gave $10,000 and
paid his money into the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States. Since then the original owners
of the land have sued A and recovered the
land against him. A is turned out of the
land, and his money that he paid for it is in
tbe Treasury of the United States, and he can-
not now get, it back. The Committee on the
Judiciary are willing that he should get back
the money he paid, less the taxes that were
due, if the suit by which he was evicted was
in a United States court, but they are not
willing that he should get it back otherwise,
bocause otherwise there might be collusion
between the purchaser at the tax sale and the
original owner, and we thought it was going
far enough to let him get back the money
when he had been evicted by the judgment of
a United States court. It. was very question-
able whether we should let him get it back at
all, perhaps.
Mr. COOPER. I understand that, Mr.
President; but it seems to me that you make
a distinction here between a man who loses
the land by the judgment of u State court and
one who loses it by the judgment of the Fed-
eral courts. You pay a man in one case and
not in the other. Why the distinction?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I stated because there
niight.be collusion. Wo have never done such
a thing as to allow the judgment of a State
court to furnish the evidence on which money
should be taken out of the Treasury. There
has been a case in my State within a few years
where a man entered land, paid for it in 1830,
and he has since been evicted of his title, and
he has never got his money back. He was
evicted by the judgment of a State court. You
will not pay the money back, and he had to
bring his case here to the Supreme Court of
the United States and get a decision here
before he could get his money back.
Mr. PATTERSON. I do not like to inter-
rupt this debate, and I will not if we can reach
a vote on the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The vote will be
talcen on the amendment of the committee, and
if it should give rise to further debate, the
Senator from New Hampshire then calls for
the regular order.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 10 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreuian, Buck-
ingham, Carpenter, Chandler, Conkliug, Corbett,
Edmunds, I'Y-nton, Feriy of Connecticut, Freling-
nuysen, Hamlin, Hill, llitcheoek. Mom!l of'Maine,
Osborn, Patterson, Poraeroy, Pratt, Robertson,
Sawyer, Seott, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner,
Tipton, Trumbull, Vest, Windom, and Wright—32.
NAYS — Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cole,
Cooper Davis of West Virginia, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Kelly, Saulsbury, and Stockton—10.
ABSEN'f—Messrs. Aleorn, Brownlow, Caldwell,
Cameron, Clayton, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, I
Terry of Michigan, Flanagan, Gilbert, Goldthwaite,
Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Howe, Johnston, Kel-
logg, Lewis. Logan, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Norwood, Nye, Pool, Ramsey, Rice, Schurz. Spen-
cer, Stevenson, Thurman, Vickers, and Wilson—31.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to oppose
a bill reported from the Judiciary Committee ;
but I should like to have some information as
to whether the first section would not, im-
pliedly at least, authorize the owner or man
who claimed to have the legal title to sue the
United States, or the person in possession for
the use of the United States, for the land ?
Will it not endanger to some extent the legal
rights of the United States to cemetery lands
and other lands which are held by the United
States under tax titles?
Mr. TRUMBULL. We did not mean that
it should.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have a
provision inserted something like this to carry
out the idea of a bill we reported the other
day from the Committee on Finance: "that
nothing in this act shall be held to authorize
anyone to sue for land held by the United
Stales ''
Mr.' TRUMBULL. That is not at all the
objecL of this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
the bill; but I am afraid the first section will
be construed to authorize suits in the State
courts, as well as in the United States courts,
to recover possession of lands that may be
held by the United States for cemetery pur-
poses, for example.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Tt cannot possibly have
that effect, I think. If the Senator will read
the section he will see that "no owner shall
be permitted to recover any lands." This is
an obstacle in the way of recovery which he
would have without this law. Any owner is
now authorized to bring suit; but he cannot
bring that suit without in .the first place estab-
lishing the fact that all taxes, costs, and pen-
alties due have been paid. He must do that
before he can sue according to this act. With-
out this act he can sue.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have called^ attention
to it, and if the committee are satisfied it does
not authorize what I have stated by construc-
tion or implication, I have no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It certainly cannot have
that effect. This is a limitation on the exist-
ing right. It does not give any additional
right. It narrows it.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
amendment was ordered to be engrossed and
the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
DISTRICT BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business being disposed of, the day is assigned
for the consideration of bills from the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, and as
the chairman calls them up they will be re-
garded as before the Senate unless a division
shall be demanded.
Mr. COLE. A word only. I will not try
to displace the special order of to-day by mov-
ing an appropriation bill; but I am informed
by the chairman of the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia that in his belief and judg-
ment the business of that committee will not
take more than an hour and a half, and per-
haps not more than an hour. I will state now
to Senators that I will endeavor to call up the
deficiency bill as soon as he is through to-day,
for the purpose of disposing of it so far as we
can, or all of it if possible, at least down to
the amendment that was pending at its last
consideration, moved by the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Stevexsox.] I wish Senators
to take notice that I shall endeavor to call it
up as soon as this business is through.
BOARD OF HEALTH.
Mr. PATTERSON. I ask the Senate to
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 974.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 974) to
further define the duties of the Board of Health
of the District of Columbia. It makes it the
duty of the Board of Health of the District of
Columbia, besides such other duties as are
imposed upon that board by section twenty-six
of the act of Congress entitled "An act to
provide a government for the District of
Columbia,'' approved February 21, 1870, to
make and enforce regulations for the preven-
tion of contagious and infectious diseases, in-
cluding all necessary quarantine regulations,
and for the protection of life and limb from
mechanical and other sources of injury. They
shall also make and enforce regulations for the
thorough disinfection and removal of night-
soil ; the removal of garbage, house-offal, and
manure; the interment of dead bodies ; the
sale of poisons ; the compounding, putting up,
and delivery of medicinal substances; and such
other measures as the public health may re-
quire, in the performance of which duties, as
well as those heretofore provided lor, they
shall employ such agents as they may deein
necessary.
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and
pa&S0<1" SCHOOL LOTS.
Mr. PATTERSON. I ask the Senate to
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 299.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 299)
amending an act entitled "An act directing
the conveyance of a lot of ground for the use
of the public schools of the city of Wash-
ington." It proposes to authorize the mayor,
board of aldermen, and board ol common coun-
cil of the city of Washington to sell and con-
vey part of lot No. 14, in square No. 253, being
particularly described as follows, to wit: be-
ginning at northwest corner of said lot, and
thence running south thirty-six feet nine inches;
thence east fifty-five feet four inches to east line
of said lot; -thence north thirty-six feet nine
inches ; thence west, to place of beginning ; the
proceeds of the sale to be invested by tbe cor-
poration of Washington in another lot or part
of lot in the city, and improvements thereon ;
the property so purchased to be used 1'or the
purpose of public schools and for no other pur-«
pose; and the conveyance of the property
described is to vest in the purchaser thereof
an absolute and perfect title.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PATTERSON subsequently said: I
desire to make a verbal amendment in a bill
just passed, so that it may be sent to the
House. I therefore move to reconsider Sen-
ate bill No. 299.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let it be done by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. PATTERSON. Very well. In the
third line of that bill I desire to strike out
the words "mayor, board of aldermen, and
board of common council of the city of Wash-
ington," and insert "proper authorities of the
District of Columbia;" and I wish to have a
similar amendment made in a subsequent part
of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection those amendments will be made
by unanimous consent. The Chair hears no
objection.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move to take up
Senate bill No. 298.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 298)
directing the conveyance of certain lots of
grounds with the improvements thereon, for
the use ot' the public schools of the city of
