1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
683
42d Cong 2jj Skss.
Extension of the Kv, Klux Act—Mr. Cctsserly.
Senate.
every effort from the friends-of the Adminis-
tration to carry it. 1 do not propose to com-
plain of any ellortatbat were within the largest
limits of extreme party action. I do propose
to complain to the Senate and the couritiy of
practices heretofore unheard of in the utmost
violence of politics and the hottest contention
for votes. 1 refer to the proceedings of the
officials at the navy-yard in California, in
regard to the votes cast by the workmen at the
Government works there, and the manner in
which they were compelled to cast them.
The navy-yard at Mare Island is in Solano
county, a county of tlie second or third class
as to population, it is a quiet agricultural
county. For the last five or six years it has
been closely balanced in politics, the majority
on either side being usually about a hundred,
or below that.
For weeks before the election for State
officers in September last the State, as I am
informed, was scoured for men to be employed
at M-are Island. Having taken unusual pains
to ascertain the facts whilo they were fresh,
I can hardly be mistaken in what i am about to
state. As a rule, pains were taken to select
for employment men who were Democrats.
Times were dull, and the offer of the liberal
wages paid at the Government navy-yard for
several weeks was a temptation very hard
to be resisted in the depressed condition
of the labor market. The result was that a
very large body of workmen and laborers,
from twelve to fourteen hundred, was in
the Government employment at the navy-
yard on the day of the election in Septem-
ber. As events showed, the voting of this
number of men, what votes they should east,
bow they should cast them, in what divis-
ions, and under what control, was a mattec
thoroughly organized beforehand by the offi-
cials. The entire proceedings were conducted
with military precision and regularity. On the
morning of the election operations were com-
menced before the opening of the polls by
moving a gang of men from the navy-yard to
the polls at one of the two precincts where
the navy yard vote was to be cast. At these
polls the officers of election, acting under
the authority of the State, had pr< vided, as
is usual where a large vote is expected, a
gangway of timber, through which the voters
pass up to the ballot box, going in at one end
and coming out at the other. Such a gang-
way, being nearly shoulder high, secures for
the voter protection from interference, and at
least some freedom of changing or scratching
his ballot while he is passing through to the
ballot-box to deposit his vote. This structure
thegang from the navy-yard, in gross violation
of the law, tore down before the eyes of the
officers, who were too few to resist them. This
left every navy-yard workman as he went up
to vote completely under the eye of the fore-
man or ''boss" of his gang, standing by for
llie purpose. Such is my information.
This wus not the worst. Far worse was seen
after the voting commenced at the polls in the
two pi'Bi-nicis where the navy-jard vote was
cnr-r. Twelve or thirteen hundred men were
marched up in gangs, each gang with a fore-
man at us head, each man in tile gang with a
ticket, which 1 will presently exhibit, marked,
as 1 am informed, with his number on the pay-
roll at the yard, and there put into his hand.
This ticket he voted under the eye of his fore-
man, and as each man voted that ticket the
foreman cheeked him off on the pay roll m bis
hand. In that way were thirteen or fourteen
hundred votes cast.-.
I have one of the tickets in my hand. Here
it is, [holding it up and exhibiting it to the
Senate.] It is a notable sample of the free-
dom of elections which the Administration of
the United States to-day allows to the unfor
tuaate men who have to accept a day's work
under it to earn their bread. I will send it
up to the desk, so that, any Senator who wishes
may inspect it. I show it to my colleague,
[Mr. Cole,] who thinks I was laboring under
"some delusion" in the matter. I tell him
that it is marked on the back in the hand-
writing of a prominent Republican and lawyer
of California, well known to my colleague and
to me, with these words: "State ticket, Vallejo,
1871." I had twenty five or thirty of these
tickets in California last September, but mis-
laid them. It is a remarkable specimen of the
ideas current in Administration circles as to
the freedom of the suffrage and the rights of
the workingman in the Government employ-
ment.
As you see, Mr. President, it is a slip
of pasteboard about two inches long and less
than an inch wide, with the Republican State
ticket printed upon the face of it as closely as
cat) be in the smallest type that is ever used, so
as totally to prevent the substitution of one
name for another. The back is printed with
a check and flower pattern in three colors,
difficult if not impossible to be imitated. As
any one can see, the ticket may be doubled
up, but cannot well be folded so as to conceal
the contents.
I understood in California, and I have under-
stood the same thing since I returned here,
that this ticket was printed in this city and
sent out to California. I have also understood
here that a similar ticket was printed and cir-
culated for the use of the workmen at the navy-
yard in this city at the recent election.
With such a ticket the voter has neither
freedom nor secrecy in casting his vote. He
might as well vote an open ticket. It is a
mockery to call it a ballot in any sense of the
word known to elections in this country.
Now, sir, keep in mind what I said in
regard to the character of this quiet county of
Solano, where the navy-yard is, and the close
ness of the vote there. You will see how
eloquent are the returns for the State election
of last year. I ask Senators to listen to the
figures, "the official figures. I will first give the
returns for the two previous general elections;
the election for Governor in 1867 and that
for President in 18C8. I mention these be-
cause they were the last two general elections
before 1871. The election iu 1869 was for
members of the Legislature, and went almost
by default for the Democrats. The judicial
election the same year went the same way.
in 1870 there was no general election. The
proper comparison is between the elections
of 1867, 1868, and 1871. Let us compare
them. The vote in the county for Governor
in 1867 was 1.228 Democratic, and 1,185 Re-
publican ; Democratic majority, 48. In the
following year, 1868, at the presidential elec-
tion, how stood the vote in the county ?
Your candidate then, Mr. President, was
General Grant, the strongest man who ever
ran on the Republican ticket in the State of
California, and perhaps the strongest man, so
far as regards strength outside of his party,
that ever ran on any ticket in the State of
California. The vote for him in Solano
county, in 1808 was l,o40 against 1,443 tor
Mr. Seymour; making ninety-seven majority
for General Grant.
Last year was what politicians call '' a a
off-year." There was simply the State ticket
to be elected, which occurs every fourth year
in California. Now, here is the vote ot the
county last year, f take it, as 1 take^the
other votes, from, the official returns. The
vote for Haigbt, the Democratic candidate
for Governor, was l.Slil ; about the aver-
age Democratic vote, 133 more than tne same
candidate received in 1867, when he was
elected, and 80 less than Seymour received in
1868. For Booth, the Republican candidate
for Governor, tUe vote was 2,701, more than
double the highest Republican vote cast ia
1867, and nearly three fourths more votes
than General Grant with all his personal
strength got in 1868. when he ran for Presi-
dent, and got but 1,-540 votes. This extraor-
dinary increase, otherwise inexplicable, is
accounted for by the enormous navy-yard
vote. At the two precincts at which that
vote was cast, nearly, it not quite, thirteen hun-
dred of the pasteboard tickets, such as that I
have shown, were received As the excess
of the Republican vote in 1871 over that in 1868
for General Grant, with all his personal popu-
larity, was nearly twelve hundred, it is not
difficult to see where the excess came from.
It came from the navy-yard vote.
A few weeks afterward came on our judicial
election, and the same conspirators against
the free suffrage of the workingman got up
another card-board ticket still worse than the
first. I ask Senators to look closely at it.
Here it is, [exhibiting it,] a little strip of card-
board much smaller than the first, not half
as wide and not nearly as long, with the names
printed as closely as possible in the same
minute type. Like the*first it was put into
the hands of the workmen at the navy-yard
and by them voted at the judicial election.
Consider, sir, if you can without indigna-
tion, the outrageto which those poor men were
subjected by the navy-yard officials. Compelled
to vote such a ticket as that, itself a manifest
violation of the principle of the ballot—
compelled to vote it, doubtless for the most
part against their honest convictions—driven
up to the polls in gangs like cattle, with their
tickets in their hands, each gang under the
eye of its foreman, standing by to see that
every man voted the Government ticket—the
whole scandalous proceeding from first to last
managed and eartied through by the foremen
of the men, and of course with the knowledge
and sanction of the higher authorities at the
navy-yard. It is impossible otherwise that
such proceedings could have taken place, not
only once, but a second time within a few
weeks, after the first proceeding had become a
matter of general notorietyand almost as gen-
eral indignation. Has it come to this, that
this great Government rtf ours permits if it
does not encourage its officials to perpetrate
such an outrage upon the workmen in its em-
ployment? What wiii become of our boasted
freedom of the ballot, ot the manhood and
independence of the American workingman,
in which we have such just pride, if the Gov-
ernment itself is foremost in destroying, as far
as it can, that freedom and that manly inde-
pendence ?
It is to prevent the recurrence of such out-
rages in the future that I have offered the first
section of my amendment. 1 do not conceal
from myself that in high party times the power
of the Administration is too apt to be used to
impair the freedom of choice and of the
suffrage, without which elections are a mock-
ery and a snare. In its gross form the exer-
cise of this vicious pO'ver is usually con-
fined to the oificers of Government. Never
before was it applied by any Administration to
its workmen and day-laborers under pain, ex-
press or implied, of losing their daily bread
so baldly as in the proceedings at the Mare
Island- navy-yard, which I am bringing now
before the Senate. Not even in the heat and
crisis of our greatcivil war, when so many had
wrought themselves into the conviotion that
upon the votes cast at elections hung the des-
tinies of the country, or, "the life of the
nation" as the phrase is, was anything of this
kind attempted or conceived.
While we may well wish that the working-
men v.ho were subjected to such an indig-
nity had stood upon their rights as American
citizens to a free vote, and spurned like free-
men the attempt to treat them as serfs, 1 have
