1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
the chief surgeon of the marine hospitals.
That is the fact in reference to it.
So far as abolishing the office is concerncd,
that is a mere question for the Senator to de-
cide for himself. If he knows more about the
duties or necessities of it than the Secretary
of the Treasury, that is all that is required for
him to know ; but there is necessity for it.
As I stated yesterday, at one time there was a
' class of medicines purchased here by a clerk
when he had charge of it that were so absurd
and ridiculous that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury himself, when his attention was called to
it, was ashamed of it. It was found necessary
to have some one to see that the Government
was not swindled, that the proper medicines
were purchased for the proper climates and the
different districts of country, suitable to dif-
ferent diseases. If that is so, then there is a
necessity for having a physician for that pur-
pose. Can you expect that a man who does
not belong to the profession can purchase the
proper medicines for different diseases from
different districts ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I propose to substitute
an Army surgeon, who will be no expense to
the Government.
Mr. LOGAN. Let me show the Senator
how much he is acquainted with that matter.
Will the expense of an Army surgeon be
nothing?
Mr. CHANDLER. We have plenty of
them.
Mr. LOGAN. The report of the Surgeon
General of the United States shows that he is
short over one hundred surgeons in the Army
to-day. The Senator proposes to detail a sur-
geon from the Army for this purpose, when the
Surgeon General is compelled to employ con-
tract surgeons to day instead of surgeons and
assistant surgeons of the Army. He shows in
his report that there is a deficiency in the num-
ber of surgeons in the Army of the United
States, and yet the Senator proposes to detail
one for this duty.
It is necessary for us to be acquainted with
these things before we talk about them. These
are the facts, as the official reports show if
Senators will examine them. You propose to
detail a surgeon from the Army when that
surgeon is absolutely needed at some military
post, and the pay of that surgeon is nearly four
thousand dollars a year, perhaps more, taking
his traveling expenses and everything else into
consideration. An Army officer is entitled to
ten cents a mile for every mile that he travels.
You detail an Army officer to travel over this
country in the performance of this duty at that
mileage, and it would amount to thousands of
dollars, which is not the case with this officer.
So I say the expenses of the Government are
less by having a surgeon-in-chief in charge
lor the marine hospitals than if you were to
detail a surgeon from the Army for that pur-
pose.
But let us go a little further with the princi-
ple. Is it a correct principle that a military
officer should be detailed to perform the duties
of a civil office? A certain Army officer once
suggested to me since I have been a member
of Congress that all the ministers at foreign
Courts should be detailed from the Army. _ He
said that when officers of the Army were retired,
not being any longer fitted for piilitary service,
to save expense to the Government they ought
to be detailed by the President as ministers to
foreign Courts, and that retired Array officers
should be detailed to fill all the consulates that
were of any account. I saw then the drift of
this thing. It was to put the civil affairs of
this country in charge of the Army, having a
surplus of Army officers fitted for nothing else,
and they were to fill your civil offices. Hence
1 opposed the detailing of militaryofficers_ to
the civil service. I discussed this question
thoroughly in the House of Representatives,
and I am ready to discuss the propriety and
tendency of such a system with any gentleman
on any day.
At one time your Indian department was
carried on by officers detailed from the Army,
who made no report to Congress, but made
their reports directly to the Secretary of War ;
but the Congress of the Unked States abol-
ished that system by a law, and declared that
officers in the military service should not be
detailed to perform civil duties. That very
measure was advocated in the Congress of the
United States for the reason that it was seen
we were naturally drifting in this direction,
that military men were being detailed to do
the service of civilians in every position where
it could be done. The War Department had
a surplus of Army officers, and that was the
reason of it.
Now, sir, I know something_ about the duties
of this officer. As I have said, I have exam-
ined the matter; I have talked with the Sec-
retary of the Treasury on the subject, and if
there is any officer in the Treasury Department
who does more labor than the supervising sur-
geon of marine hospitals I should like to know
who he is. This gentleman is a scientific,
educated man, working sometimes until twelve
o'clock at night, with only a few clerks to help
him to perform his duty, and when I ask that
his salary be raised, we are told he is not a
bureau officer. Why, sir, the word 1: bureau"
does not mean that the law must call it a bu-
reau office. A bureau office is any department
within a department that reports to a chief;
whether it is called a bureau or anything else
makes no difference. Any office that is a
department within a department, separate and
disconnected from any other, and reports
direct to a chief, is a bureau office ; and that is
just the condition of this office or this depart-
ment of marine hospitals; and any man
acquainted with the subject, any man who
has ever examined into it, 01- will do so, will
say that this officer is entitled to an increase
of salary, if anybody else is.
There must be some little prejudice here
somewhere when Senators get up and state
that this office is a sinecure. It is said the
officer has 110 duty to perform, and yet when
you come to look into the matter they do not
know anything about it, for they have not ex-
amined it. Why is it that a Senator should
make a statement of that kind before the
Senate when he has not examined the ques-
tion ?
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator says that
I have not examined this question. Sir, for
fifteen years, in my connection with the Com-
mittee on Commerce, I have been compelled
to examine it every year, and for the last
eleven years there has not been a movement
made that has not gone through my hands in
connection with ray position as chairman of
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. LOGAN. I am not doubting that the
Senator has been chairman of the Committee
on Commerce for fifteen years.
Mr. CHANDLER. I did not say that I had
been chairman for fifteen years. 1 have been
for fifteen years connected with the Committee
on Commerce, the last eleven years as chair-
man.
Mr. LOGAN. If the Senator has been
cognizant of this matter for fifteen years, it
is very strange, because this bureau was only
organized a short time ago.
Mr. CHANDLER. I mean the marine hos-
pital service. I advocated the present system
and carried it through.
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, we had a marine hos-
pital service that was a disgrace to the country.
We had marine hospitals built everywhere, one
in Arkansas, away down the Mississippi river,
where no patients ever were; one in Galena.
If the Senator was fifteen years on this com-
mittee or conversant with the subject, why did
he allow those things to be done at the expense
of the Government, that were a disgrace to the
Government?
Mr. CHANDLER. We got rid of them.
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, we got. rid of them. .
You built a marine hospital on the Mississippi
that cost $140,000, and what did you sell it
for?
Mr. CHANDLER. That was more than
fifteen years ago.
Mr. LOGAN. Why, sir, it was sold for less
than a thousand dollars. You had a hospital
building at Galena, where probably a patient
was never heard of. That is the manner in
which the marine hospital service was managed
until a man got hold of it who understood it
and turned the patients out of those places and
treated them correctly, and in six months has
reduced the expenses $40,000. The Senator
says that reduction is owing to the fact that
they sold the hospitals. No such thing, sir.
Not a hospital has been sold within the last six
months ; but the expenses have beea reduced
by reason of the reduction of the price per day
of treating patients, as this report shows.
But let us go a little further. The Senator
says that the supervising surgeon has nothing
to do with this matter in these various pofts.
Why, sir, this very surgeon has made a ctiange
in that department in the custom-house in
New Y'ork, and directed the collector of cus-
toms to change the collection of the tax in such
a manner that more tax has been collected
in six months than was collected in a year
and a half before. That change has been made
in this marine hospital service even in New
York; and so it has been in a number of other
places ; and all done under the supervision and
direction of this man ; and yet we are told that
he has nothing to do with this service, except
as a mere inspector.
I know I very often get wrong, but I am not
very apt to come into the Senate and make a
statement about the running of an office that
I have not examined into. I do not generally
do that. 1 know this man very well. He has
invited me to his office. I have goue there;
I have examined it; I have talked with the
Secretary of the Treasury on the subject; I
have read the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury to Congress, in which he refers to
this officer and the marine hospital service,
and recommends an increase of his salary.
And in his. recommendation of an increase
of the salary of these bureau officers he puts
this one in with the rest; and yet we are told
the office is a mere sinecure and amounts to
nothing I
I hope the Senate will adopt this amend-
ment. * If these other officers are entitled to
an increase of salary, this officer certainly is
entitled to it; if he is not, uone of the others
are.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator says this
man has made a change in the collection of
the tax in New York to the amonunt of three
hundred per cent.; in other words, he has
collected more money in six months than his
predecessor in a year and a half; that is three
hundred per cent. Now, sir, this tax is regu-
lated by law. No man can collect one single
farthing more than the law allows him and
compels him to collect.
Mr. LOGAN. But he may collect less.
Mr. CHANDLER. Any man who has col-
lected less than the law requires has violat-.d
the law. If there has been any officer in New
Y'ork who has violated the law in that way, he
should be removed for a violation of the law ;
but this man is as powerless as yonder page
sitting 011 the steps leading to the Vice Presi-
dent's chair, to increase this tax o$e single
iota.
Then, in regard to fixing the per diem for
keeping patients, the steward in any hospital
in the United States has ten times as much to
do with fixing the per diem as this man has.
Beef, flour, and other things are cheaper this
year than they were last, and hence the price
of keeping a patient has been reduced. He
has nothing to do with buying supplies, meat,
vegetables, &c., for the daily consumption ot
that hospital; and that is what is reducing the
per diem—the reduction in the cost of food.
