1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
252?
Washington. It proposes to direct the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings to convey to the
corporation of the city of Washington, in the
District of Columbia, all the right, title, and
interest of the United States in and to that
certain piecc or parcel of land marked and
designated upon the map of the city as part of
lot No. 11, in square No. 141, being partic-
ularly described as follows, namely: beginning
at the northwest corner of said lot and running
thence due south on the west line of said square
fifty feet; thence due east thirty feet; thence
due north fifty feet, and thence due west, on
the north line of said square to the point of
beginning, together with the improvements
thereon, for the use of the public schools of
the city. If the lot shall ever be sold, assigned,
or conveyed, or diverted by the corporation,
the entire proceeds of the same shall be in-
vested in another lot or part of lot in the city,
and in improvements thereon, the property so
purchased to be used for the purpose of the
public schools, and for no other purpose. The
second section directs the Commissioner of
Public Buildings to convey to the corporation
of the city of Washington, in the District of
Columbia, all the right, title, and interest of
the United States in and to that certain piece
or parcel of land marked and designated upon
the map of the city as a public reservation,
located between Eighth and Ninth streets and
K street and Virginia avenue, southeast, to-
gether with the improvements thereon, known
as the Anacostia engine-house, for the use
of the public schools of the city, and for no
other purpose.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PATTERSON subsequently said:^ I
wish to make a correction in Senate bill No.
298, which passed a few minutes since. It
reads, "to convey to the corporation of the
city of Washingion, in the District of Colum-
bia." It should read, "to convey to the
proper authorities of the District of Colum-
bia.'' That correction should be made both
in the first and second sections.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) If there be no objection,
the vote on the passage of the bill, and also
ordering it to be engrossed for a third reading,
will be regarded as reconsidered, that amend-
ment made, and the bill again read the third
time, and passed. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
DISTRICT DEBT AND TAXATION.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move to take up
Senate bill No. 973.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 973)
to fund certain liabilities of the city o| Wash-
ington existing June 1, 1871 and to the
debt of and taxation in the District of Colum-
bia. The first section authorizes the commis-
sioners of the sinking fund of the District of
Columbia, duly appointed under the laws of
the District, to fund the liabilities of the city
of Washington, consisting of the floating debts
and trust funds found to be due on the 1st
of June, 1871, by the auditing commission
appointed to ascertain the amount of those
liabilities, and reported by the commission to
the Legislative Assembly under date ofNovem-
ber 8, 1871, and January 3, 1872; and for that
purpose the commissioners are directed to issue
registered or coupon bonds of the District of
Columbia, in denominations of fifty dollars,
or any multiple of that sum, not to exceed the
amount of those liabilities, bearing interest
not to exceed six per cent, per annum, payable
semi-annually in gold, and having a period to
run not more than thirty years nor less than
fifteen years. The commissioners are author-
ized to negotiate the sale of the bonds at their
discretion, at a rate of discount not to exceed
three per cent, upon their par value, and with
the proceeds thereof to pay the liabilities of
the city of Washington ; and the principal and
interest of the bonds shall be mads payable
in the city of Washington, or in the city of
New York. The holders of any of the floating
debts shall have the privilege of converting the
same, or any part thereof, at par, for an_ equal
amount of the bonds proposed to be issued
under this act.
The second section empowers the Legisla-
tive Assembly of the District of Columbia to
cause to be levied upon and collected from all
taxable property of the city of Washington
within its limits a tax, annually, which shall
be sufficient to pay the interest upon the bonds
provided for, and to create a sinking fund
sufficient to retire them at maturity, the tax
to be collected at the same time and in the
same manner as general annual taxes are
collected in the District; but the aggregate
amount of taxes in any one year, excepting
such additional assessments as may be made
for improvements specially authorized by law.,
shall not exceed two per cent, on the assessed
cash valuation of property in the city.
By the third section the collector of the Dis-
trict of Columbia is to pay over to the com-
missioners, upon their requisition, being first
certified by the auditor and the comptroller
ot said District, all the moneys collected by
virtue of this act, with which moneys the com-
missioners shall pay or cause to be paid the
coupons or interest on the bonds issued by
them under the provisions of the act; and the
residue, as a sinking fund, the commissioners
are to invest in the bonds issued by them, or
in any bonds of the District of Columbia or
of the late corporations of the cities ot Wash-
ington or Georgetown, and they are to cause
to be placed on record in the office of the
register of the District a full and complete
report of all their acts herein on or before the
1st day of January of each year, and also to
make a report of the same to the Legisla-
tive Assembly at the commencement of each
regular session thereof.
The fourth section provides that the bonds
shall be issued in the name of the District of
Columbia, and shall show that they are so
issued in payment of'the liabilities ot the city
of Washington, found to be due at the time
and in the manner provided in the first section,
and the bonds shall be signed by a majority
of the commissioners audcountersigned^ by the
register and the comptroller of the District;
and a proper register shall be kejitin the office
of the register of the District of the number,
denomination, date of issue, and to whom
issued. , , .
The fifth section disapproves and declares
void so much ot the act passed at the late
vuiu tsu luuuu  .— r, r
extra session of the Legislative Assembly ot
the District of Columbia, entitled " An^ act
providing for the payment of the debts of the
late corporation of Washington," approved
January 19, 1872, levying taxes on real and
personal property in the city of Washington
to pay the debt and the interest on the debt
of the late corporation of Washington, as con-
flicts with the provisions of this act.
The sixth section disapproves and declares
void the act * the Legislative Assembly of
the District of Columbia, approved _ August
19, 1871, entitled ''An act authorizing the
District of Columbia to create a debt for spe-
cial improvements and repairs in said District
by the issuing of four millions of bonds and
levying a tax for the payment of the interest
as it shall annually accrue thereon, and sub-
mitting the act, with the question of the issu-
ing of four millions of improvement bonds, to
a vote of the people at a general election in
said District;" and also the act of the Legis-
lative Assembly, approved August 19, 1871,
entitled "An act levying a tax for the pay-
ment of the interest as it shall annually acciue
on $4,000,000 of bonds authorized to be issued
by the District of Columbia to create a debt
for special improvements and repairs in said
District, by the issuing of four millions of
bonds and levying a tax for the payment of
the interest as it shall annually accrue thereon*
and submitting the act, with the question of
the issuing of four millions of improvement
bonds, to a vote of the people at a general
election in the said District," and forbids the
authorities of the District to issue any portion
of the four millions of bonds named in those
aefs, and it approves, ratifies, and confirms the
act of the Legislative Assembly, approved
July 10, 1871, entitled "An act making appro-
priations for improvements and repairs in the
District of Columbia, and providing for the
payment thereof."
The seveutk section declares that the debt
of the District of Columbia, including the
debts of the late corporations, shall at no
time exceed the sum of $10,000,000, unless
an increase over that amount shall have been
previously authorized by act of Congress.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
reported the bill with an amendment, to strike
out the eighth section, in the following words:
Sec. 8 That it shall not be lawful for the govern-
ment of the District of Columbia, unless special
authority be given by Congress, to levy taxes on
any property, or on the avails thereof, which may
be situate outside of the Discriot of Columbia Jind
beyond the reach of its protection.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. In reference to
the bill itself I do not see that there is any
specific sum fixed which shall not be exceeded
in the issue of these bonds. I understand the
bill to authorize bonds now to be issued to pay
the existing debt of the city without there be-
ing any statement in the bill what that debt is,
although it appears by the bill that it lias been
ascertained by a commission. The limitation
of ten millions applies to future indebtedness
as well as that which is now being provided
for. I think there ought to be in the bill a
specific sum named beyond which amount
these bonds shall not be issued.
Mr. PATTERSON. It was thought that
it was sufficiently limited by what is found
in the sixth line, "consisting of the floating
debt and trust funds." The whole amount is
$1,148,479 13.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. I think it might
avoid frauds, or temptation to fraud, if that
sum was introduced.
Mr. PATTERSON. I have no objection fo
such an amendment if the Senatorwill moveit.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move that
aThedmpRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) There is a pending
amendment that is reported by the committee,
t,o stxike out the eighth section. The question
is on that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SI1ERMAN. Is there any power now to
tax property outside of the District of Colum-
bia by the local government ?
Mr. PATTERSON. The point is this:
certain individuals come here to reside for the
winter, or perhaps three or four months, and
in some instances their personal property has
been taxed, which is objected to. Of course
real estate will be taxed locally.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is a question of
domicile, not a question of power.
Mr. PATTERSON. The man is taxed at
home also. , , .
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. As the chair-
man of the committee has the report, I would
like to know in general how this sum ^1,148,000
is made up—the general items.
Mr. PATTERSON. It consists of a trust
fund which amounts to $280,317 58. They
were trust funds which were expended by the
old corporation of Washington, and the pres-
ent government desire to leplace that by
bonds. Then the balance, which makes up
the residue, consists of floating debt, lhose
two items constitute the whole.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move to
amend the bill in line eight of the first sec-
tion, after " 1811,'' by inserting " not exceed-
ing in amount $1,150,000."
