1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3423
ginned not. What have they done ? It can-
not be visited upon them that they have done
anything improper. Give them an opportun-
ity, and if tney do not enjoy them we shall
have acquitted ourselves well.
I will vote for the civil_ rights bill upon this
and all occasions. I will vote for amnesty
upon all occasions.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I think
this is another illustration of the danger of
adopting by unanimous consent what- is called
the five-minutes rule. I do not suppose that
any Senator, certainly not any half dozen Sen-
ators, supposed when we agreed to take the
vote at two o'clock yesterday on the pending
bill, and the debate was to be limited to five
■minutes on new amendments, that any oue
would attempt to introduce such a measure as
this civil rights measure to be discussed in
five-minute speeches, and I do think that the
introduction of such an amendment absolves
every Senator from any obligation to adhere
to that five-minutes rule, and although I do not
intend to claim that absolution myself, I shall
acquit any Senator of any breach of faith or
of his honorable obligation if he sees fit. to
speak upon the subject just as long as his duty
inclines hull to speak. It is not- riglu, when we
make these agreements to limit our debate by
unanimous consent, to introduce a wholly
foreign subject and then say that our tongues
shall be tied.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator
a question?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr EDV1UNLH. I wish to.ask him how
long it is since, when the Senator from Illinois
introduced amnesty on this main bill, he voted
to put it on ?
Mr. THURMAN. I voted for it, but I did
not seek to limit, anybody's debate on it, and
if the Senator from Vermont had said that he
felt absolved from the five-minutes obligation,
I should have said, '• Yes, you are absolved."
My vote 011 that had nothing to do with the
question of time-
Mr. EDMUNDS. How could I be absolved
from the tive-minutes obligation when this very
circumstance of the possibility of amendments
of any kind being ofi'ered was brought to the
attention of the Senate, and everybody under-
stood who read the Globe that people must
take their chances upon that question?
Mr. THURMAN. No, sir; I quite deny
that. I remember an instance here in which
the Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] an-
nounced that he would no longer be bound by
the five minu'es engagement, because of the
nature of ail amendment that was offered to a
bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am speaking of what
took place when this particular understanding
took place.
Mr. THURMAN. There was no such in-
timation that I ever heard, and I was in the
Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. What does the Senator
from Vermont, claim took place?
Mr. THURMAN. If this all comes out of
my five minutes I shall have to violate the
rule pretty quick. [Laughter.]
Mr. CASSliRLY. I should like _ to know
what the Senator from Vermont claims took
place ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will tell you presently.
Mr. CASSERLY. I mean to say that, no
Such understanding as the Senator from Ver-
mont seems to have referred to was had, and
nothing was said that was heard by me, or by
any one on this side, to warrant or excuse the
introduction of thisamendment. I agree with
the Senator from Ohio that no Senator is
bound by an agreement to confine his debate
to five minutes, for the simple reasbn that
that agreement manifestly had reference to
Buch amendments as were within the general
purview of the measure before the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. I have only to say that
I do not pretend, until somebody who is
bolder and stands more on his rights than I
do does it, to set the example of speaking
beyond the five minutes; I will not say to vio-
late the rule, for it would be no violation of
rule.
I only want to make this remark : when this
subject was under discussion before I called
upon the Senator from Massachusetts to point
out some provision in the Constitution that
authorized Congress to pass such a bill as
this; I never have received an answer to that
question yet. I never have found anybody
who could point out one single line of the
Constitution that gives Congress authority to
pass such a measure as this.
Now, sir, since that debate took place, I
wish to say to the Senate that the very ques-
tion has been before the supreme court of my
State, composed of five judges, every one of
whom is a Republican, the question whether
the law of Ohio requiring the schools for col-
ored children and white children to be kerit
separate is constitutional or not; whether it
is a violation of any provision of the Consti-
tution of the United States, and that court
has just decided by a unanimous vote that
that law violates no provision whatever of the
Constitution of the United States, nor any
law of Congress passed in pursuance of the
Constitution of the Uniied States. If that
decision be sound, and of its soundness I do
not think any good lawyer can doubt for a
moment, there is an end of a'l pretense of
constitutional foundation for this bill.
The question was made in that, court directly
on an application to the court for a. mandamus
to compel the directors of a school for whites,
a public school supported by public money,
to receive the child of a colored man living
within the school district. It was a question
which the colored people made. The father
did not send his child to the colored school,
but demanded his admission into the white
school. He being a resident of the school
district, a tax-payer there, made the demand
for the purpose of trying the question, and
applied to the supreme court for a mandamus
to compel the directors to receive the child ;
and the court, by a unanimous vote, decided to
refuse the mandamus, on the ground stated in
a learned and able opinion, that the law of Ohio
which excluded that child from that school
violates no provision of the Constitution of
the United States, or of any law of Congress
passed in pursuance of the Constitution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 will now inform the
Senator from California what I meant in what
I said a few moments ago. When the ques-
tion was pending as to this agreement the other
day, the Senator from Onio [Mr. Thurman]
said what I will read, with the colloquy that
ensued:
"Mr. Thubkan. I with to have one understand-
ing about this: that no amendments are to bo
offered after two o'clock.
"Mr Edmunds. That is not the usual under-
standing. , , , .
" Mr. Thurmax. Because they might amend this
bill by sticking something entirely new on it alter
wo had agreed to vote.
"Mi-.Boreman. I suggest that any member offer-
ing an amendment shall have five minutes to speak
" Mr. Thurman. Let us have it understood that
no amendments are to beoffered alter two o clock.
"Mr. Casserly. The usual rule is that as to new
amendments there may be five-minutes debate, is
that the understanding?   w
"The Vice President. Tne Senator from West
Virginia suggested, as an addition to the proposi-
tion ot the Senator from Indi.ma, that in regard to
amendments offered after two o'clock the five-llHn-
utes rule should apply. ,
"Mr. Xhurjian. I suggest for the consideration ,
of tile Senate another rule that I think is betti-r
than that. Tliatfive-minutes rule does notoperate, -
I think, very well always. You can always avoid it ;
by offering an amendment," &c.
There is no further reference to the topic
of which I spoke, and that is merely that the
Senator from Ohio himself called attention to
the fact that amendments entirely new might
be stuck on the bill after we had agreed to
vote.
While I am up on the main question, al-
though I am sorry the Senator from Massa-
chusetts has offered his amendment to this bill
for tactical reasons, not for reasons of merit,
I wish to call attention to what is taking place
in the State of Georgia at this moment on the
subject of the refusal of equal rights to col-
ored people ; social rights to colored people,
as the Senator from Illinois calls them; privi-
leges to colored people, as he styled them,
as distinguished from rights, the other day,
although the Constitution secures privileges
in respect to agricultural colleges founded by
Congress under land grants to support them by
Congress, scrip, money. The president of th&
Atlanta University addressed a letter to the
president of the agricultural department of
the State University at Athens, to which the
State of Georgia had devoted this agricultural
college donation, asking him when the income
of the agricultural college scrip granted to
the State University was to come in, and
whether it was understood that the university
could make provision for the admission of
colored as well as white students. First,
however, lie addressed a letter to the Governor,
and I will first read the reply to that :
Executive Department, State of Georoia,
Atlanta, April 11, 1072.
Sir : His Excellency, the Governor, directs me to
acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 9th
instant, and in answer thereto to say that in granting
the incomo of the agricultural lund to the Univer-
sity of Georgia ho carefully refrained from any
action, except such as he deemed absolutely neces-
saiy to prevent the grant from ceasing under tbo
actsof Congress. To secure tho benefits of the fund
to the State it was necessary to organize a college,
such as is described m the act granting tbe dona-
tion, before July '1.1872; but to organize such a col-
lege, which the univeisity had authority to do under
its charter, it was not required that the Governor
should determine the question proposed by your
letter.
Respectfully, your obedient servant.
P. W. ALliXANDER,
Secretary Executive Depart ment.
Mr, E. A. Ware, President of Atlantic University.
Professor Ware then addressed the same
inquiry to Professor \V. Leroy Broun, presi-
dent of the agricultural department of the
State University, to which the following reply
was received :
University op Georgia,
Athens, April 12, 1872.
Dear Sir: In answer to your inquiry whether
colored students, if they apply, will be admitted to
the agricultural department of the State Univer-
sity, I have tho honor to reply, they will not. bo
admitted undertho present provisional organization.
No income is receivable from the proceeds of the
sale of the land scrip under a year, and then there
will be available tbo intorestof only a 11 actional pai t.
Inabout two years and a half from the present time,
according to the terms of sale made by Governor
Conley, tho income of the whole fund will be avail-
able. Ilcnce, you perceive in this preparatory or-
ganization we aro not using funds appropiiated by
the United States Government, and therefore the
question you propose does not properly arise at the
present time. Tho Legislature or the trustees will
decide in reference thereto hereafter, and I have no
means ot knowing what this decision will be ; there-
fore my individual opinion about it would be of no
value.
I am, very respectfully, your jjltOU^T
E. A. Ware,
President Board of Trustees Atlanta Umvers%ty.
So you see, Mr. Piesident, when we have
given this money to the State of Georgia and
it has organized an agricultural college under
one of its other colleges, an agricultural depart-
ment, and those interested in the higher edu-
cation of the colored race in that State apply
to have students admitted to this agricultural
department, lo be supported by the Congress
of the United S'ates, they arts met with a pos-
iiive and flat refusal, and told that by and by,
when the income from that mom-y may come
in, as they have only got about fihy thousand
dollars, two years hence or so, it will be tima
enough to determine, by the Legislature or
otherwise, what they are going to do about it.
In other words, as sundry other quotations
from the Georgia papers show, it is already
determined that the colored people shall not
have the benefit of education in that college
founded under the authority of Congress and
