1872.
the congressional globe.
4319
under Professor Powell, Professor Hayden,
and the one of the fortieth parallel nowin pro-
gress, These exploring expeditions have been
furnished under the law hitherto and the re-
gulations of the Army with supplies at the
different military posts. The language of-t.his
fifth section would cut them off, and make it
almost impossible for them to be furnished
with stores at distant points.
Mr. HOLMAN. Do they not pay for their
supplies'/
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Govern-
ment has been supplying them, but they would
be compelled under the language of this fifth
section to send for supplies long distances,
instead of as now being supplied at the mili-
tary posts.
They are permitted under the regulations
now to buy their supplies at the post nearest
their point of operations; and the old stores
are under the law authorized to be sold at
auction, the cost of the sale and advertising,
by the clause here referred to, being taken out
of the proceeds. This will allow the net pro-
ceeds to return to the Treasury.
Mr. BECK. I offered this section because
it was a part of the law very carefully drawn
at the Treasury Department more than a year
ago. And fearing it would not pass as a whole,
and knowing the importance of this section, I
offered it., and it was accepted by the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations, and is
now the law. But it is very obvious, although
the section was very carefully drawn by Mr.
Saville, chief clerk of the Department, and
submitted to all of us, that those matters which
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions now calls up were not, intended to be
embraced in it, and did not come within the
evils intended to be guarded by the section.
1 examined those items carefully at the re-
quest of the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations. I think it is indispensable
that this bill should pass to prevent great in-
convenience in very small matters.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no doubt
that the section to which the gentleman alludes
is one of the wisest enactments we have made
this session ; but we must provide for contin-
gencies like this which were unforeseen at the
time. I ask for the passage of the bill.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds hav-
ing voted in favor thereof,) and the bill was
passed.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
sox, one of its cleiks, informed the House
that the Senate had passed bills of the follow-
ing titles ; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
A bill (S. No. 995) to perfect certain land
titles therein described ; and
A bill (S. No. 527) to reimburse United
States marshals for moneys necessarily ex-
pended by them in taking the ninth census in
excess of the compensation allowed them
under the law in force at the passage of this
act.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, bills
of the House of the following titles:
A bill (H. 11. No. 1298) for the relief of the
estate of Eli Moore ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1865) for the relief of
the sureties of James T. Miller, late collector
and depositary at Wilmington, North Caro-
lina.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate returned to the House, without amend-
ment, the bill (H. R. No. 2633) amendatory
of an act. approved March 2, 1867, entitled
"An act amendatory of an act to provide a
temporary government for the Territory of
Montana," approved March 26, 1864, hereto-
fore returned to the Senate in compliance
with its request.
The message also announced that the Senate
disagreed to the amendments of the House to
the bill (S. No. 996) to repeal so much of sec-
tion six of an act. entitled "An act making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending June 30, 1870, and for other
purposes," approved March, 3. 1869, as pro-
hibited promotions in the staff departments of
the Army, asked a committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses,
and had appointed, Mr. Ames, Mr. Logan,
and Mr. Blair, managers of the conference
on the part of the Senate.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had agreed, with amendments, to the
amendments of the House to the bill (S. No.
626) to authorize the sale of certain public
property.
lands held for direct taxes.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the amendments of the Senate to the sub-
stitute of the House for Senate bill No. 780,
to provide for the redemption and sale of
lands held by the United States under the sev-
eral acts levying direct taxes, and for other
purposes.
Mr. KERR. These amendments are chiefly
verbal, and really improve the bill. There is
nothing material in them except to improve
the phraseology of the House substitute. I
move that lliey be concurred in.
The motion to concur was agreed to.
reservation at plattsborg, new york.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate amendment to House bill No.
2858, authorizing the Secretary of War to
release twenty-five acres of the land of the
United States at Plattsburg, New York, to
the New York and Canada Railroad Com-
pany, and lor other purposes.
The amendment was to strike out " expira-
tion " and insert "execution."
Mr. ROGERS, of New York. I move that
the amendment be concurred in.
The motion to concur was agreed to.
obstruction of justice.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the amendment of the Senate to House
bill No. 1017, to prevent and punish the ob-
struction ot the administration of justice in
the courts of the United States.
The amendment was to strike out all after
the enacting clause, and insert the following:
That if any person or persons shall corruptly, or
by threats or force, or by threatening letters, or any
threatening communications, endeavor to influence,
intimidate, or impede any grand or petit jury, or
juror of any court of the United States in the dis-
charge of his or their duty, or shall corruptly, or by
threats or forcc, or by threatening letters, or any
threatening communications, influence, obstruct,
or impede, or endeavor to influence, obstruct, or
impede the due administration of justice therein,
such person or persons so offending shall be liable
to prosecution therefor by indictment, and shall,
on conviction thereof, be punished by fine not ex-
ceeding $3,000, or by imprisonment not exceeding
three years, or by both, according to the aggravation
ot the offense. And if any person or persons shall
attempt to influence the action or decision of any
grand or petit juror upon any issue or matter pend-
ing before such juror, or before the jury of which ho
is a member, or pertaining to his or their duties, by
writing or sending to him any letter or letters, or
any communication in print or writing in relation
to suchis^ue or matter, without the order previously
obtained of the court before which the said juror h
summoned, such person or persons so offending shall
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be
liable to prosecution therefor by indictment or in-
formation, and shall, on conviction thereof, be pun-
ished by fine not exceeding $1,000, or by imprison-
ment not exceeding six montns, or by both such
fine and imprisonment, according to the aggravation
of the offense.
Mr. PETERS. This is a substitute for a
bill which was reported by myself from the
Committee on the Judiciary. It follows the Ori-
ginal bill in its essence. I see no objection
to the substitute, and I move that it be con-
curred in.
Mr. BROOKS. This is a very severe bill.
I am not lawyer enough to know whether it is
right or wrong, but it gives courts very terrible
powers over offenses.
Mr. PETERS. The United States courts
have no common-law jurisdiction. This bill ia
intended to confer upon them the same juris-
diction in regard to this offense that other
courts have.
Mr. BROOKS. It strikes me that this bill
goes far beyond' the common law. I have not
read the common law for many years, and
therefore do not speak positively.
Mr. PE TERS. In what respect?
Mr. .BROOKS. It provides a maximum
penalty of §3,000 fine and three years' im-
prisonment.
Mr. PETERS. And it may be one dollar
fine or one day's imprisonment. The min-
imum is next to nothing.
Mr. BROOKS. I will yield to better law-
yers on the subject. If they are satisfied with
it I will not object.
Mr. KERR. There being no minimum pen-
alty fixed in this bill, I think it preferable
to the usual form.
Mr. PE I'ERS. It is a carefully drawn bill.
Mr. BROOKS. Let the bill be again read.
The Clerk aaain read the bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to call attention to the second section of the
substitute proposed by the Senate, which dif-
fers materially from the provision reported by
the Committee on the Judiciary of this House.
The substitute provides that no man shall send
a communication to a grand juror without
subjecting himself to fine and imprisonment.
Now, in some cases the public interests might
make it the duty of a man to send a commun-
ication to a grand jury. I doubt whether
the provision has been thoroughly considered ;
it strikes me as a dangerous one. I hope,
therefore, the bill and amendments will be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. PO ITER. With leave to report at any
time.
Mr. PETERS. I do not concur 111 the con-
stru-ction which my friend from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] gives to the provision of the
Senate amendment; but there being a differ-
ence of opinion on the question, I have no
objection to a reference of the matter to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
There being no objection, the bill with the
amendment of the Senate was referred to the
Committed on the Judiciary.
cattaraugus and alleghany indians.
The next business 011 the Speaker's table
was the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 2201) to authorize the Cattaraugus
and Alleghany Indians in New York to lease
lands and confirm leases ; which was read a
first and s cond time.
Mr. SESSIONS. I move that this bill be
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
cruelty to animals.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the amendments of the Senate to the bill (IT.
R. No. 694) to prevent cruelty to animals
while in transit by railroad or other means of
transportation within the United States.
The amendments of the Senate were read
as follows:
After "shall." 111 line eight, page 2, insert " know-
ingly and willfully."
At the end of tho bill add the following new sec-
tion :
Sec. —. That this act shall not go into effect until
the 1st day of October, 1872.
Mr. KERR. I move the reference of this
bill with the amendments of the Senate to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let the
amendments be non-concurred in and go to a
committee of conference.
Mr. KERR. This is an important bill, and
the amendments are also important.
Mr. POTTER. The bill had better be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
It never should have come before the House
without consideration by that committee. It
was reported in this House from the Commit
tee on Agriculture.
