4320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let it go
to a committee of conference.
Mr. BROOKS. It has never been before
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Wilson,] the chair-
man of the Committee on Agriculture, is not
here now.
Mr. HOLM AN. Inasmuch as the gentleman
from Ohio, who is very much interested in
this bill, is not now in his seat, I ask that the
bill be permitted to retain its place on the
Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
that order will be made.
There was no objection.
INDIAN RESERVATIONS IN MINNESOTA.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 562) in relation to settlers
on certain Indian reservations in Minnesota;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill provides that the act approved
March 0, 18C8, entitled "An act for the relief
of settlers on the Sioux Indian reservation in
the State of Minnesota," be so amended that
the settlers therein provided for and the sot-
tiers on the Port ltidgely military reservation
in Minnesota bo allowed until March 1, 1874, to
make proof and payment for their claims.
Mr. DUNNELL. I ask that this hill be
passed.
The question being taken on the motion to
suspend the rules and pass the bill, it was
agreed to, (two thirds voting in favor thereof.)
I>. B. A1.LKN AND COMPANY.
Tho next business on the Speaker's table
was tho bill (S. No. 849) to provide for the
payment of 1), B. Allen & Co. for services in
carrying the United States mail; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask that the bill be
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. TWICIIELL. This bill is to pay a
claim of a steamship company which was
incurred 
Mr. RANDALL. I know the bill; the
gentleman need not explain it to me.
The bill was read.
Mr. RANDALL. Is there any report
accompanying this bill?
Mr. TWlClIKLL. Y>s, sir; there is a
report which was made in the last Congress.
Mr. RANDALL. There ought to bo a
report in this Congress.
Mr. TWICIIELL. This is a bill for carry-
ing the mails in 1864 aud 1805. I am satisfied
there is no gentleman here who would not
vote for (he bill if ho understood it; but as
its passage would require a two-thirds vote, I
ask that it remain on the Speaker's table for
the present.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not want to bo here
■constantly watching for this bill. I consider
that it ought not to pass. I was a member of
the Committee on the Post Office aud Post
Roads.
The SPEAKER. The first question is on
the passage of the bill.
The question was taken ; and (two thirds
not voting in the affirmative) the bill was not
passed.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 now move that it be
referred to the Committee of Claims, for it
ia manifestly as much of a claim as anything
can be.
The motion was agreed to.
HOMESTEADS TO ACTUAL SETTLERS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 150) to secure homesteads
to actual settlers; which was taken up, and
read a first and second time.
Mr. KETCHAM. 1 move that that bill be
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. DUNNELL. I hope that will not be
-done, but that the bill will be passed, and I
ask that it be read.
The bill was read.
Mr. HOLMAN. This is manifestly a very
important bill, and as it has not been consid-
ered by the Committee on the Public Lands,
I hope the House will not pass it at this time.
Mr. KETCHAM. Let it be referred. It is
an important bill, and changes our whole land
system.
Mr, DUNNELL. I hope it will not be
referred. The bill substantially was drawn by
the land department, and the Commissioner
of the General Land Office is anxious to do
away with all preemption clauses in our land
system and open up our public lands to home-
steads entirely. 1 sincerely hope it will be
allowed to lie on the table, where it may
receive the examination of the committee if it
be not passed now.
The SPEAKER. The first question is on
passing the bill.
The question was taken; and (two thirds
not voting in the affirmative) the bill was not
passed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope there will be no
objection to letting the bill lie on the Speaker's
table.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
ADDITIONAL LAND DISTRICT IN FLORIDA.
The next business on the Speaker's tabic
was an act (S. No. 218) to create an additional
land district m Florida ; which was taken up,
and read a first and second time.
Mr. WALLS. I move that bill be put upon
its passage.
The bill, whicli was read, in the firstsection
provides that that portion of Florida lying east
of the lino between ranges fourteen and fifteen
east shall constitute an additional land dis-
trict, and shall he known as the east Florida
district, the office for which shall be located
at Jacksonville. The second section provides
that there shall be appointed a register and
receiver for the land district, who shall be
entitled to the same compensation as is or
may hereafter be prescribed by law for like
officers of other districts.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I would
inquire whether or not the Commissioner of
the General Land Office recommends it?
Mr. WALLS. He did more than a year ago.
Mr. HOLMAN. How many laud districts
are there in Florida?
Mr. WALLS. Only one.
Tho rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in the affirmative,) and the bill was passed.
S1IAWNEK INDIAN LANDS, KANSAS.
Tho next business on the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 530) to confirm sales of
Shawnee Indian lands in Kansas, under the
direction and with the approval of the Secre-
tary of the Interior; which was taken up,and
read a first and second time.
Mr. SHANKS. 1 move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
UNITliD STATES COURTS IN KANSAS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 480) concerning the circuit
and district courts of the United States for the
district of Kansas; which was taken up, and
read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that from
and after the passage of this act the May term
of the circuit court and the October term of
the district court of the United States for the
district of Kansas shall be commenced and
hold at the city of Leavenworth, Kansas.
Mr. LOWE. 1 move that bill be put on its
passage.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in the affirmative,) and the bill was passed.
THOMAS B. STEWART AND ALEXANDER Jl'CONN.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 545) for the relief of
Thomas B. Stewart and Alexander McConn,
of West Virginia; which was taken up, and
read a first aud second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that
the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
and required to pay to Thomas B. Stewart and
Alexander McConn, of West Virginia, the
sum of $1,443 36, which sum is appropri-
ated for the purpose, to reimburse them for
moneys actually expended and paid out by
them in defense of a suitbrought against them
by Carlton Creighton for acts done by them
in May, 1863, as members of the loyal militia
of Virginia, in obedience to orders from their
commanding officers, while the militia were
in the actual service of the United States,
and aiding in the suppression of the late rebel-
lion; which suit was lately depending in, aud
determined in their favor by, the circuit court
of the United States for the district of West
Virginia.
Mr. HOLMAN. That bill goes further than
we have gone heretofore in furnishing relief
of this character. This act was not done by the
military authorities of the United States at all.
As I understand, it is an act done by direction
of the militia of the State. We have gone to
the extent of relieving persons for acts done
in their official capacity under military orders,
but never have we gone to the extent of reliev-
ing persons from acts done under authority of
a State. I ask that the bill be again read.
The bill was again read.
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me that this
bill ought to go to the Committee of Claims.
The militia of Virginia was not in a proper
sense in the service of the United States. It
does not appear in what capacity these persons
were acting. What did they do ?
Mr. McGREW. The regiments to which
theso claimants belonged were, as I under-
stand, in the actual service of the Government
of the United States at the time this act was
committed.
Mr. HOLMAN. Under command of offi-
cers of the United States?
Mr. McGREW. The regiment was not
under command of officers of the United
States, but they were in tho service. They
had been called out to aid in suppressing a
raid that was being made into that part of the
State. An individual deserted from the regi-
ment. These two claimants were detailed to
arrest him and bring him back, and in doing
so wounded him, as I understand, he having
resisted the arrest.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think the bill ought to
go to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. McGREW. I think the claim is a just
one. These men were prosecuted by this .
party. The suit was decided in their favor,
and this is to refund the actual costs expended
by them in defending themselves against the
prosecution.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds
having voted in favor thereof,) and the bill
was passed.
NEW HAMPSHIRE CLAIMS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 978) for adjusting the
claims of the State of New Hampshire.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the proper officers of the Treasury to adjust
and pay any just claims made by the State of
New Hampshire, or of the towns aud cities
of said State, upon assignments taken fur
bounty money advanced to volunteers by the
towns and cities of said State, iu accordance
with an agreement made with the Governor of
the State of New Hampshire by the Provost
Marshal General of the United States, acting
under the direction and authority of the Sec-
retary of War; provided, that no payment
shall be made in any case of desertion.
Mr. BELL. I ask that this bill be put upon
its passage.
Mr. COBURN. I should like to hear some
explanation of the bill from the gentleman
from New Hampshire.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask thatit be again read.
The bill was again read.
