THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
My. SHERMAN. I suppose interest should
be added. The sum stated should be increased
by adding the accrued interest.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The honds carry
interest. The amount is $1,448,000.
, Mr. SHERMAN. That is a past thing. It
^as due some time ago.
Mr. FREHNGHU YSEN. There is a mar-
gin in the $1,150,000. The interest will not
be mora than tjiat.
Mr. PATTERSON. That was June, 1871.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will this cover the inter-
est?
Mr. PATTERSON. I think so.
Mr, EDMUNDS. I wish to inquire of my
friend from New Hampshire, if he will be
kind enough to tell me, whether this trust fund
is an overdue liability, and in what form it
now exists. I think we ought to understand
what it means to provide for borrowing $280,-
000 on twenty or thirty year bomls to pay off
the trust-fund debt of the city of Washington.
It appears to me that we are borrowing money
to pay ourselves. Here in this report of the
Governor it appears that there is a trust fund
called the special tax fund of so much, the
water fund of so much, the canal fund of so
much, and the len-year-bond sinking fund so
much, amounting to two hundred and eighty-
six thousand and odd dollars.
Now, if that is what it purports to be on
its lace, instead of being a liability, it is an
asset. It is not anything that we owe to any-
body except as we owe it to the water fund ;
that is to say, we have reserved from the
taxes on water so much annually to create a
trust fund, 1 suppose to pay off the waler
debt, if there are water bonds. Now, if this
means that the city has squandered these
trust funds——
Mr. PATTERSON. It means that the city
has spent them, and the Governor wants to
replace those funds by issuing these bonds.
Mr. EDM IJNDS. If it means, as ] am
saying, that the city has betrayed its trusts
hitherto, and has squandered its special funds
and its sinking funds, so that its ten-yeai-
bond sinking fund instead of being a secur-
ity to the creditor is an addition to the debt.,
then I am very glad to have it made publicly
known, so that we shall know where wo are
now at least, if we did not heretofore. But
when you come lo the summary of floating
debt, which was under discussion the other
day, to be provided for, it was not this amount
of $1,100,01)0, 1 think, by just the amount
of this trust fund. It was not proposed, 1
believe, to put that in.
Mr. PATTERSON. It was not definite in
the other bill at. all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I know that.; but the
documents that were produced in order to
make up the sum to be piovided for, as sum-
marized at the end of the report, did not
appear to bring in, as I understood it, this
question of the trust fund as a part of the
floating debt to be provided for. It. plainly
is not floating debt, even if the city has
squandered the monoy. The eily lias abused
its trusts and owes its water ponds and ten-
year bonds, and has not any means of paying
them. Now, if the object is to create a sink-
ing fund, out of which lo raise a sum which
shall satisfy the old bonds when they fall due,
then it is a very extraordinary way to do it to
borrow money on twenty-year bonds now, in-
stead of raising a sinking fund by taking a
portion of the annual taxation of the people
and investing it m something so that it may
accumulate. 1 never heard before of creat-
ing a sinking fund by borrowing money to do
it. That, may be right. I merely suggest it
to my honorable friend from New Hampshire.
Mr. PATTERSON. I will say to my friend
that these funds were held in trust by the
corporation of the city of Washington. They
expended them; they are gone. Now, is
there any objection, whether it was in the
original bill or not, to having those funds
replaced by an issue of bonds by the District ?
Is there any objection to the thing itself,
whether it was in that bill or not? This is an
entirely new bill, as my friend understands,
drawn, I think, in part at any rate, with his
consent. I cannot see any objection to this,
whether it was in the old bill or not. We
want to replace those bonds; the Governor is
very anxious to do it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, let me take the
bill and see what provision is made that this
money when borrowed shall be carried to
these trust duties. There does not seem to
be any provision after we borrow this snm of
money, $300,000 of squandered trust funds,
that we shall invest and hold it as a sinking
fund under the obligation of these trusts. It
only says we shall fund the trusf funds. The
trust fund as appears in this report is money
we have not got, but is money we have squan-
dered, and we are to fund that by borrowing
that amount of money more. Then the bill
does not appear to provide how that money
thus borrowed shall be invested in order that
it may be kept secure to supply the objects of
the trust. I suggest that to my friend as a
provision that ought to be in somewhere.
Mr. PATTERSON. If my friend from Ver-
mont wishes to throw any more guards about
the hill, 1 would advise him to move an amend
ment that will guard it. 1 am perfectly willing
to agree to anything of that sort.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I think the bill
ought to contain a provision that $280,000 of
t-hese bonds should be appropriated to this
fund at all events, so that we shall not have
to supply it again.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the bill be laid aside
informally for a few moments and we will draw
up such an amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection the bill will be laid aside inform-
ally.
Mr. PATTERSON subsequently called up
the bill.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I have two
amendments to offer to the bill. In section
one, line twenty-six, after the words "New
York," I move to insert the following:
Provided, That such amount of the said bonds or
thoir proeooua as ia necessary shall be applied and
strictly held to make sood the trust funds on which
thoro is a dolioieney of §^86,317 58.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move further
to amend the bill in section one, line eight,
after ''1871," by inserting "not exceeding
$1,150,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
COLUMBIA INSTITUTION.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move that the Sen-
ate take up Senate bill No. 385.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 385)
to regulate the admission ofcupils into the
Columbia Institution for the Deaf and Dumb.
It authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to
admit into the collegiate department of the
Columbia Institution for the Deaf and Dumb
properly qualified deaf mutes from the several
States in the manner following, namely: from
each State a number of students not exceed-
ing one half the number of its Representatives
in Congress; but in the case of States the
number of whose Representatives is not divisi-
ble by two without a remainder, the fraction
in the quotient is to be counted as a unit.
Applicants for admission to the Columbia
Institution, under the provisions of this bill,
must be nominated to the Secretary of the
Interior by members of Congress representing
the States to which they respectively belong ;
but in filling vacancies no Representative is to
exercise the light of nomination twice in suc-
cession, to the exclusion of other Representa-
tives from the same State who may desire to
make nominations, the right of nomination
being exercised in alternation.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third tiros, and passed.
DISTRICT BEFOIJSI SCHOOL
Mr. PATTERSON. I nqw Bwve to take
up Senate bill No. 354.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 354)
relating to the Reform School of the District
of Columbia.
The bill provides that the board of trustees
of the Reform School of the District of Colum-
bia shall cause monthly accounts to be ren-
dered to the proper accounting officers of the
Territory of the District of Columbia for the
expenses of such boys as have been sent to
the school by the proper authorities from the
cities of Washington and Georgetown and the
county of Washington, and for which the cities
and county are, respectively, liable to pay
$1 50 a week, which is hereafter tQ be $1 75
a week; and the amount due from the cities
and county, respectively, is to be paid on
demand ; and if not paid within ten days after
the amount shall be audited, the amount due
is to draw interest at the rate of three per cent,
per month until paid.
Hereafter any boy under sixteen years of age
who is destitute of a home or means of sup-
port, or who is idle and incorrigible, or wander-
ing about uncared for by relatives or friends,
and whose parents, if he has any living here,
are unable to pay the expenses of his support
in the Reform School, may be sent to the
school at the expense of the city or county in
which he may be found by the judge of the
police court, the Governor of the Teriitory,
or the president of the board of trustees of the
school, to remain in the school until he is
twenty-one years of age, unless sooner dis-
charged by the board of trustees of the school.
Every boy sent to the Reform School is to
remain therein until he is twenty-one years of
age, unless sooner discharged or bound as an
apprentice to some proper person by the board
of trustees ; but no boy is to be retained after
the superintendent shall have reported him
fully reformed.
Whenever there shall be as large a number
of boys in the school as can be properly ac-
commodated, it is to be the duty of the presi-
dent of the board of trustees to give notice to
the criminal and police courts of the fact,
whereupon no boys are to be sent to the school
by the courts until notice shall be given them
by the president of the board that more can
be received.
If any person shall entice, or attempt to
entice, away from the school any boy legally
committed to it, or shall harbor, conceal, or
aid in harboring or concealing, any boy who
shall have escaped from the school, such per-
son is, upon conviction, to be deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor, and pay a fine of not les3
than ten nor more than one hundred dollars,
which is to be paid to the treasurer of the
board of trustees; and any trustee, or the
superintendent of the school, and any police-
man, is to have power, and it is made their
duty, to arrest any boy, when in their power
so to do, who has escaped from the school,
and return him thereto.
The sum ot $5,000 is appropriated to pay
the annual salaries of the superintendent,
$1,500; two assistant superintendents, $750
each ; and the matron, $600, and the incidental
expenses, including clothing, fuel, servant-
hire, &c.
I he Secretary of the Interior is authorized to
sell that portion of the Government farm lately
set off by him to, and now in the possession of,
the trustees of the Reform School, or such por-
tion thereof as is not needed for the use of the
aqueduct, and to purchase another site for the
