736
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, I was about saying that the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] has made an
argument in two forms, but his great argu-
ment is to prejudice, and that prejudice is
against the Mormons. I may admit that the
acts of the Mormons are bad, but they are not
worse than murder. The gentleman agrees
that we may provide in case a man commits
murder he shall have the right to be heard in
his defense before the Supreme Court on ques-
tions of law; and if a man commits polygamy,
I think he should have the same right.
And 1 wish to set the gentleman i'rotn Ohio
right on one point he has made, as well as the
House and the country, lie has cited the act
of Congress of 1862 against polygamy. Now,
I wish to say there has never been a prosecu-
tion under that act, nor even an indictment.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 never said there was.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then we
are not interfering with the enforcement of
that act,.
Mr. BINGHAM. But wo may enforce if.
Mr. AlIBLEll. Let my colleague inform
"us how it can be said, then, that that act has
been defined, when there has been no move-
ment to put it into execution?
Mr. BINGHAM. Gentlemen need not un-
dertake to determine the question of l'act in the
Tei ntury whether there h is been any endeavor
to enforce the act of J8U"2; for it is notorious
to the country that until last year the courts
and ail their oflici.ds there were under the con-
trol of the dominant pirly in Utah.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Be it so
as the gentleman from Ohio has stated, that
the courts of that, Territory have been under
tho control of the Mormon people. I do not
know how soon that, peoplo will get control of
the courts in that Territory again. 1 f 1 should
happen to go down there I wish to have a
chance, should 1 be accused there, to get a
trial. 1 wish to get, before the Supreme Court,
of the United Stales. 1 want every man tried
and punished, but 1 wish him tried and pun-
ished according to law. When a man can get
a judge of the Supreme Court to say that the
Supremo Court ought, !o hear the, case, I wish
him to have the privilege of having the case
heard when n involves his personal liberty. I
wish that right for every man in the United
Slates. I wish the House to understand this
hill docs not allow an appeal in criminal cases
as a right even, bnt, requires a judge, of tho
Supreme Court shall pass on the question
whether there is any question of law of suf-
ficient importance to be tried before the
Supreme Court before it can bo allowed to be
done. If no judge will pass on that, then there
is no writ of error.
Suppose any errors in matter of law affect-
ing liberty and life are committed down in
Utah—for I am willing to take this matter
by the horns—-what have the men of Utah
done that I hey should not be tried according
to law? What great crime have they com-
mitted that they should not enjoy the right
to have the highest court in their country
pass on the legal effect of what they have
done? What have they done that they are
to be shut out of the halls of justice with lib-
erty and life at slake? Do you want peace
down there? I think the moment their cases
are heaid before the Supremo Court and de-
cided there will be a universal submission to
that decision. They will feel then they have
had ju3tieeand fair administration of the law,
thar. they have had a fair hearing before the
highest tribunal, and everything will be paeili-
catud, and everything calmed down, and quiet
within the law restored down there. Noth-
ing so stirs the passions of men as a sense of
injustice done. Nothing so stirs the feelings
of men as to feel (hey are to be interfered
with improperly and without cause m what
they deem tiieir rights. Feeling that is their
condition you can easily see why every ele-
ment of society should be stirred in Utah.
But let their cases, under "the law of the
United States, or of the Territories, if im-
portant principles are involved, be brought
before the Supreme Court of the United
States, and they will, as they ought, submit.
Before men are put in the penitentiary let
their cases in matter of law be heard though
we should require ten more judges to do the
business. Why we are in this position: guard-
ing carefully the right of appeal, just escaping
the allowing of everybody in the District of
Columbia to appeal upon any case of $2,000—
when tho House divided upon it the vote was
pretty nearly equal—and yet we are discussing
the question whether a man sent to State
prison for life, who may have everything dear
to hi in at stake, who would perhaps rather be
hanged than have that punishment put upon
him—whether he shall or shall not have this
privilege of even asking to have his case heard
before the Supreme Court of the United States.
Let me say to gentlemen that we have long
enough put property in the court before per-
sonal rights and personal liberty. I am sure
that the judges of the United States can
protect themselves against perilous questions
under this bill. I speak here in favor of
the personal liberties of men, of the right
when a man's liberties have been taken away
by any infeiior court of having the highest
court pass upon the important and doubtful
questions involved, where he says there is
involved a question of law of importance, nnd
wineh tho judge of the Supreme Court shall
certify to be a question of importance. And
1 pray gentlemen of this House to let no pre-
judice interfere with this high right. I pray
the attention of the lawyers of the House to
I his. Does it not strike against the first idea
of justice that a man may be put in the peni-
tentiary by any three judicial missionaries we
choose to send into tho Territories, without
any power of having the Supreme Court pass
upon the question affecting himself in his per-
son and his liberty, involving infamous punish-
ment to himself, and more unhappily to his
wife and his children for generations? I crave
that much of the House, and 1 am obliged to
my friend from California, [Mr. Sargent,] who
has given me sufficient time to enable me to
say so much. J call for the vote.
The question being taken on Mr. Bingham's
amendment, there were—ayes eleven, noes
not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the Jhird
time, and passed.
Mr. BUTLKR, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reeonsidor be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDIiit 01' BUSINESS.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I desire to make a report from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Air. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, the Indian
appropriation bill is the special order to-day,
after the,morning hour, in Committee of the
Whole. I suppose that in making a report
from the Committee of Ways and Means the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
does not necessarily require it to be considered
at the present time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair requests the
attention of the House that an understand-
ing may be come to a3 to the order of busi-
ness. The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] rises to report from tho Committee
of Ways and Means upon a special resolution
of examination in regard to the affairs of the
Treasury Department, relating to the negotia-
tion of tho recent loan. It was printed and
recommitted to the committee, accompanied
with a resolution for the action of the House.
The gentleman from Massachusetts will please
indicate what he desires to do.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to have the House
come to a vote upon the resolution. It must
be apparent that while this matter is pending
over the Secretary of the Treasury his hands '
are tied on a very important and serious mat-
ter. I desire simply to got an expression of
the opinion of the House at the earliest possi-
ble moment. I will say further that I do not
desire to interfere with the appropriation bills.
There is no man who appreciates more than I
do the necessity of getting those bills through,
or who is more pleased with the success thus
far in that object of the gentlemen having
them in charge. If the House will indulge the
Committee of Ways and Means with a very short
time, I think we can dispose of this matter,
and I do not think I will interfere with the
Committee on Appropriations again.
Mr. SARGEN 1'. 1 believe the matter which
the gentleman from Massachusetts desires
to bring before the House is of considerable
importance, but I wish to know how much time
will be occupied before a final vote can be
reached upon it before I consent.
Mr. DAWES. Tbat would depend entirely
upon other gentlemen rather than upon myself.
So far as I am concerned, I am ready to sub-
mit the matter to a vote of the House upon the
report of the committee. If other gentlemen
desire time, they will themselves signifiy what
is their wish.
Mr. KERR. We upon this side of the House
are not willing to consent that this matter
should be called up now, and that the discus-
sion should be limited to any brief period of
time. There is a groat deal to be said about
it,. It, is as important to the Secretary of the
Treasury and to the interests of the country
that it should be fully discussed as it can be
desired by any gentleman here that it shall be
so discussed. We only want reasonable time
for discussion, and I cannot say now how much
might be neccessary for us to have on this side
of the House. But I am not willing to consent
to any limitation that will cut off reasonable
debate.
Mr. DAWES. I do not desire to cut off
reasonable debate, nor do I desire to inter-
fere with debate at all. It is the gentlemen
who represent the appropriations who desire
to have a limit. So far as I am concerned,
while I am ready to submit the question to the
House on the report of the committee, I have
no desire to cut off my associates on the com-
mittee on so important a matter as this is.
Mr. KERR. It must be apparent to the
whole House that wc upon this side cannot
consent to submit this question to tho House
on the report of the committee, because the
minority of tho committee having submitted to
the House no report, have no remedy left bui,
■ a personal presentation of their views upon
the floor. Now, we must have time lo do that,
and the House may desire after we have pre-
sented our views to have further time for othei
gentlemen to be heard. I think the question
is one of such importance that there should be
no attempt made to limit debate upon it within
any very narrow range. I agree that the
Indian appropriation bill is a very important
bill, but the whole session is before the gentle-
man from California and there is no special
opposition being made to his bill. I have no
doubt when it is reached again in the ordinary
course of business it can be speedily disposed
of. Moreover, if we pass it now, there is no
prospect of the Senate proceeding at any early
day to consider it.
Sir. SARGENT. I would have no objection
at all to giving up to-day to the consideration
of this subject if I felt certain that to-morrow
I could proceed with the Indian appropriation
bill.
Mr. KERR. I have no doubt that we can
get through with this matter to-day.
Mr. SARGENT. If it is the understanding
that tho vote shall be taken before tho adjourn-
ment to-night 1 will give way entirely.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Letmesug
gest to the gentleman who has charge of the
Indian appropriation bill that this subject is a
