1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
U25
In the State of Mississippi, I stated the
other day, and I repeat, with the permission
of the Senate, the fact, such is the organiza-
tion of the races, the colored people residing
in one section of the State upon the rich lands,
and-the white people in the interior of the i
country, that in any election which may be
had hereafter, under any just, apportionment,
or under the present apportionment, the white
people, upon a question of race, will hold the
house of representatives, and the colored peo-
ple will hold the Executive and the senate.
Seeing this, it, was necessary, in organizing
that State, to observe the fact and to legislate
accordingly. A compromise was agreed upon.
The colored people had their schools. We do
not say there by law that the white child shall
not go into the colored school, nor that the
colored child shall not go into the white
school; but we leave that for the local authori-
ties to regulate for their own convenience and
in their own way; and that is proper. We
■established a university for the colored youth,
having one for white youth already. We
endowed by law that institution with $50,000
& year, established chairs, and endowed those
chairs; and when it came to the question of
the college land scrip we gave three fifths
of the college land scrip to the colored uni-
versity and two filths to the white university.
That was not in proportion to population;
but it was for the reason that the white uni-
versity at Oxford already possessed lands, and
the whole of that ten per cent, of the amount
which Congress authorized to be invested in
the purchase of land was given to the colored
university of the Statft of Mississippi.
We are now going forward without any con-
flict between the races in the State of Missis-
. sippi, and we will go joyously and prosper-
ously forward if we are not interfered with by
those who live abroad. As a friend of the
education of youth, white and colored, I pro-
test in the name of the people of Mississippi
■against this legislation here to-day; and 1 say
■that whenever you establish a system of com-
mon schools in the State of Mississippi, you
will have to legislate by Congress to enforce
•that school system ; and you will have to take
the bayonet there to keep it in operation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The Senator's time isup.
Mr. ALCORN. I regret that it is up. I
wanted to say more on this subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
- Mr. BLALR. The effect of thislegislation,
if it be adopted by Congress, will be to de-
stroy the public schools throughout a large
-number of the States of this Union. The effect
:will be to prostrate the system of education
\ throughout all those States. I do not believe
' 'that in any of the western States, or in any of
■ the southern States, the public school system
-would stand for one moment if this bill should
pass and its constitutionality be maintained.
:At any rate, if the system was allowed to
.'stand, there would be hundreds and thou-
sands of white children driven from those
.schools. It would have the effectot depriving
hundreds and thousands of white children m
,the country of educat-on—all those whose
■parents could not afford to give them eduoa-
. tion at private or select schools.
This is the direct tendency of this measure,
and I am astonished that Senator's should
' ^persist in a course which they must know will
nave such a result, because every Senator here
■does know that there is a prejudice against
mingling the colored and white children to-
gether. Every Senator is aware ot it. None
of them can possibly disguise it from them-
selves. Whether they consider that this preju-
dice is a proper one or not, they know of its
existence. They know that it will absolutely
deprive a large number of children of educa-
tion, because their parents will withdraw them
from the schools. They will withdraw them
as quickly on account of colored and white
42d Cono. 2d Sess.—No. 215.
children being mingled in the same schools
as if there was small-pox or plague in the
schools.
Senators may regard this as very unreason-
able ; they may affect to think lightly of it,
and say, ''We will conquer this prejudice, and
it is our duty as legislators to put it down, to
prevent such a prejudice existing;" but they
know, and if they are men of sense ought to
recognize the fact that it exists; and it is a
question whether they will pass a law the
direct tendency of which is to deprive white
children of the benefits of I he common schools.
When we go further and consider the fact
that the white people pay almost entirely the
whole sum by which these schools are main-
tained; that they submit to it as long (is the
children can be educated separately and apart.;
that they desire it; that they feel it to he a duty
togivelhe negro education; after they have
paid lorthe support of the schools; alter they
have contributed all that, goes to make up these
schools, it seems tome it. is going a little too
far to say to tliem in effect that, they shall
not have the benefit of the schools which they
themselves have established ami paid for.
That is the result of this legislation.
As a political movement 1 do not fear the
consequences of this measure. If I were
guided entirely by my political inclinations I
should like to see Senators pass this bill and
force it upon the country; hut 1 profess to he
guided by very different views and motives
here. I desire, if possible, that this source of
agitation and source of antipathy hot,ween the
races should not he pressed. Nobody can
doubt the political result, of this movement if
it is passed into a law. Jt will unquestionably
be adverse to the, party which is making the
movement.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have voted, 1 believe, mi
several occasions to unite the amnesty hill
and I he civil rights bill so called. 1 did so
under the impression that perhaps it was the
wisest and best method of progressing in our
legislation. I am, however, satisfied thai 1 voted
wrongly, and I now mean to vote for each
measure separately, and to keep ihe one dis-
tinct from the other on every occasion when
they are presented here for our action. 1 shall
say nothing of the motives of Senators who
offer the amendments. The effect is vicious
in connecting them in any way at all; and from
this time on I propose to vote to keep each of
these measures distinct by itself and to vote
upon each by itself.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rose at the same moment
with the Senator from Maine to appeal to the
Senator froai Massachusetts to withdraw this
amendment. I feel precisely like the Senator
from Maine so far as the adding of this propo-
sition to whatever bill is proposed in the Senate
is concerned. The bill now pending is a hill
that relates to elections, lo guard the purity
of elections. It is a bill that seems to ine in
the interest of that great object, with very little,
perhaps no political significance in it, none
that 1 can see. The bill that is now proposed
as an amendment is entirely different, upon a
a different subject-matter..
There is a great deal of force in what my
colleague said a moment ago. When the
members of the Senate make an agreement,
it must be an agreement made in relation to
the subject-matter that is pending before the
Senate. It is at, least a pretty harsh thing
(although it is within the parliamentary rule)
to introduce a new subject and require Sena-
tors to act upon it without any opportunity of
debate. I therefore would not myself vote
for a proposition that was entirely distinct
and separate from the proposition before the
Senate, entirely inconsistent with the proposi-
tion before the Senate, under an agreement of
that kind.
The Senator from Massachusetts gains no
advantage by pressing his. amendment to this
bill. This, after all; is but a Senate bill. I
voted for his proposition before as an amend-
ment to a House bill, and there is a connection
between an amnesty bill and the civil rights
hill lhat does not exist between this election
law and the civil rights bill. 1 appeal, there-
fore, to the Senator from Massachusetts not
to interrupt, as it is clear that, this wilt inter-
rupt., not only the agreement that has been
made in the Senate, but the progress of public
business. There are three or four bills of an
important character that are now waiting the
final vote of the Senate. One is the deficiency
bill, for the want of which the action of the
courts in many of the States is suspended, and
this bill which has been debated for two or
three days, and other bills which have been
set especially for to-morrow and next day. I
trust, therefore, tho Senator will forego the
opportunity of pressing his amendment at
present.
Mr. SUMNER. I know tho sincerity with
which t.ho Senator from Ohio [Mr, Shkhmak]
has Mipporied the civil rights hill, and how
effectively he has done it.; I also know his
familiarity with tho rules of both Houses, and
1 cannot, listen to his appcid without feeling
its force. 1 see that, by attaching the civii
rights bill to tho ponding measure it does not
obtain the advantage in tho House of Repre-
sentatives which it would have had if attached
to the oilier measure which was under con-
sideration two or three days ago. Therefore,
yielding lo his appeal, and also to the suggfiB-
lions of other friends in the Chamber, 1 now
withdraw the amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought tho Senator
from Souih Carolina [Mr. KotiKimiotf] offored
this amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I offered it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from South Carolina first, offered the amend-
ment, and withdrew it, and it. wus renewed by
the Senator Iroin Massachusetts.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 understood the Sen-
ator from South Carolina to offer it after the
vole on the amnesty question.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I offered it thinking
the amnesty question was disposed of, but.
finding it was not disposed of, 1 withdrew it for
the moment, intending to renew it after the
amnesty question was disposed of; but the
Senator from Massachusetts renewed it before
I could get the floor, i now renew it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That brings it beforo
the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
not do that. 1 hope he will allow it lo be
withdrawn, and let us bring it to a vote on
some other proposition where wo shall have
the cordial support of all its friends.
Mr. ROBERTSON. 1 always listen with a
great deal of pleasure to what mv honorable
friend from Massachusetts says. 1 am willing
to withdraw it if he will only promise to put
it on some bill whore it will require but a
majority vote to pass it.
Mr. SUMNER. My friend, I think, will
do me the justice to suppose that I shall not
fail to put it on any bill where I can.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator
from South Carolina will not withdraw it.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Then let us put it on
this bill where it will require only a majority
vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts withdraws the amend-
ment.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I renew it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand the Sen-
ator from South Carolina renews the amend-
ment.
Mr, SUMNER. I hope he will not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Am I. entitled to tho
"°The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Illinois is entitled to the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand the
amendment to have been renewed by the Sen-
