1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
737
mucli more important one find involves higher
.public interests than that. bill.
Mr. DAWES. 1 thmk from what has been
said upon theother side of the House tliatweean
get through with this matter to-day, or at least
call the previous question before we adjourn.
Mr. BECK. I desire to say one word.
While I do not propose to discuss this ques-
tion further than to submit my views as one
of the minority of the committee, and do not
expect to take very long in so doing, I think
it would be very difficult for us to agree to any
hour when the discussion shall close. It is
very well known that the future action of the
Secretary in regard to thousands of millions
of public loan wili depend upon the action of
the House, and he is extremely anxious to
know at the earliest possible day what the
action of the House may be. I can only say
that in the presentation of my views I shall
occupy as short a time as possible.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to ask
whether the Committee of Ways and Means,
or the members of that committee who have
this matter in charge, are ready to proceed with
the debate now, or whether it would facilitate
the discussion of the matter to fix upon some
future day for its consideration? Are they
ready to go on now ?
Mr. KERR. I believe the gentlemen of
the committee are ready to proceed now, and
I prefer to go on to-day.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I am eon-
tent that the subject, shall come up to-day
if there can bo any limit to debate.
Mr. SARGENT. If it shall be understood
that before the adjournment the previous ques-
tion shall be considered as seconded I am will-
ing to give way.
Mr. COX. I hope the gentleman will not
tie down the minority.
Mr. SARGENT. I am not tying down the
minority any more than the majority.
Mr. COX". Let, us see how the debate runs,
and what disposition there is on the part of
members to participate in it.
Mr. SARGENT. Upon a subject so im-
portant a night session would not be out of
the way; and then there would be a chance to
run till twelve or one o'clock to-night.^
Mr. COX. The Indian appropriation bill
could run in a night session as well as this
subject.
Mr. SARGENT. With that understanding
I will give way : otherwise 1 want to raise the
quesiion of the consideration of this report at
this time.
The SPEAKER. What is the understand-
ing the gentleman desires the Chair to enforce?
Mr. SARGENT. .1 propose that at the hour
of adjournment to-day the previous question
shall be considered as ordered on this subject.
Otherwise I will raise the question of con-
sideration on this report, as I desire to move
to go into Committee of the Whole on the
Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. KERR. What would be the effect of
that on the continuance of the debate?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts i Mr. Dawks] making this report
would lie entitled to one hour to close this
debate, to-morrow immediately after the read-
ing of the Journal.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the House
should have ail evening session after a recess
this afternoon——
Tho SPEAKER. The hour's debate in
close would follow immediately the ordering
of the main question.
Mr. KERR. I believe it is my duty to
object to the arrangement proposed.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
California [Mr. Sargent] raises tho question
of considering this report at this time.
Mr. DAWES. Upon that I suppose I may
sav a word.
'The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts if the
question is debatable. The very object of
raising the question is to avoid debate.
42d (Jong. 2d Sess.—No, 47,
The question was taken upon considering ;
the report of the Committee of Ways and j
Means: and upon a division there were—ayes 1
eighty-two. j
Before the noes were counted, |
Mr. SARGENT said: I will not insist upon 1
any further count. I will make one remark: I i
have tried to go on with my appropriation bill, !
and will resume it at the earliest moment.
Mr. DAWES. And I will help yoa.
CHINESE INDEMNITY FUND.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of N«w York. Before
the House proceeds with the consideration of.
this subject, I desire to say that, on the desks
of all the members of this House this morning !
is found a communication, fragmentary and
incomplete, in reference to the disposition of
what is called the Chines3 indemnity fund.
It is altogether improper, and calculated to j
prejudice the House in the consideration of
the question. I am told that measures are
being taken to present it to the House. I
merely wish, in deference to those persons who
have legitimate claims upon that fund, to ask
the House to suspend its judgment until that
action is taken in a proper manner.
negotiation of loan.
The House proceeded to the consideration
of the report of the Committee of Ways and
Means, recommending the adoption of the
following resolution :
liehtdved, That in tbe opinion of this House the
Secretary of the Treasury, in negoriating the ioan
authorized by the act ot July 14,187^. ha« neither
increased the bonded debtnor incurred an expendi-
ture contrary to law.
Mr. DAWES. I now enter a motion to
recommit this resolution to the committee.
Mr. COX. I desire to offor a substitute for
the resolution reported.
Mr. DAWES. I will hear it resd.
The Clerk read the proposed substitute as
follows :
Resolved, That the Committee of \Tays and Means
be instructed toreporr the bill before them prohibit-
ing all commissions, deductions, or compensation of
any kind to any person for the sale, negotiation, and
exchange of United States securities, and prohibit-
in? the employment of any agent except a proper
ofiicer of the Treasury Department for such sale,
negotiation, and exchange.
Mr. DAWES. 1 cannot admit that now.
On the 4th of December last the gentleman
from New York who has just taken his seat
[Mr. Cox] offered a preamble and resolution,
which 1 ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas it is alleged that the Secretary of the
Treasury, in placing the newly authorized five
per cent, bonds upon the market, hai. m delianco of
the law creating them, increased the public bonded
debt, and has exceeded the one halt of one per
cent, allowed by the funding act for all expenses in
piadne said loan: Therefore, „, __
Heaved. Thatthe Committeeof Way* and Means
be directed to investigate the said transaction, and
have power to send for persons and papers, anu to
report the amount of suc-h increase of the boiweu
debt, if any. the agents employed and paid by him
for the services rendered, all contracts pertaining
to the same, and the surajs paid to t-aid agents.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker,this resolution
was not ad opted by tho House, but was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means for con-
sideration. The committee invited the Secre-
tarv of the Treasury and the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cos] before them, and heard
both so far as they desired to be heard. The
committee found no dispute between the gen-
tleman from New York and the Secretary
as to the facts; and the conclusion of law to
which the committee have arrived is embodied
in the resolution which has been read at the
Clerk's desk. The reasons which led them to
that conclusion are stated in the report, which
was presented some days ago, and which is on
the table of every member. Assuming that
upon a subject so srrave. affecting the integrity
of one of i he chief officers ot the Government,
I everv memb. r has read tho report, the commit
i t>*e. milt ss something should be said in debate
,i to w hich thev may deem it proper to reply, are
j| ready to take the vote upon the resolution.
Mr. KERli. I desire to inquire of the chair-
man of the committee whether it is understood
that after I shall have made my statement on
this subject my colleague on the committee,
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,]
shall then be heard?
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, the usual cus-
tom is for speakers on opposite sides to alter-
nate. I have no special desire in regard to
the matter. If my two colleagues on the com-
miitee have any preference that one shall fol-
low the other, I do not know that there will
be any objection.
Mr. BECK. As we have not presented our
views in the form of a minority report, and as
our views may vary somewhat, it would be
fairer for the House to hear what each of us
has to say before the discussion on the other
side begins.
Mr. DAWES. The matter is under the con-
trol of the House. I see no objection myself
to allowing gentlemen to occupy the time
in that way if the Speaker recognizes the
arrangement.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, recognizing the
importance of this subject, in its investiga-
tion my sole aim has been to arrive at abso-
lutely correct and just conclusions. Under a
sense of duty, I have given the subject an nn-
partisan and judicial examination. I have no
desire to condemn official action of any depart-
ment of the Government if it is right and in
accordance with the law. Therefore, in this
matter, so far as I can approve the conduct
of the Secretary of the Treasury, I shall do so
with pleasure. All the facts 1 state shall be
nearly as possible official and exact. I pro-
ceed," then, first to inquire whether the Secre-
tary has, in the process of refunding the public
debt, increased the bonded debt contrary to
law. It is conceded by the Secretary that it
has been temporarily increased to the extent
of §135.000,000. But it is claimed by him
that this involved no violation of the true in-
tent and meaning of the law. The law specific-
ally declares that "nothing in this act, or in
any other law now in force, shall be construed
to authorize any increase whatever of the
bonded debt ot the United States." This lan-
guage is imperative, and apparently unambig-
uous. Stiil, in order to determine its precise
meaning, it is proper to consider the entire
act, and the general aim and policy of Con-
gress in its enactment.
The grear object of the law is to accomplish
; the refunding of $1,500,000,000 ot existing
i bonded debt by substituting new bonds bearing
lower rates of inteiest for the old bonds. The
new bonds must be sold 41 for not less than
their par value for coin.' The proceeds must
be used alone in redemption of the old bonds.
This substitution can onh be practically effect-
ed iu one or thy other of two ways: first,
bj the actual exchange of new bonds for old,
dollar for dollar, "par for par."_ This mode
of substitution is wholly impracticable to any
material extent. The difference in interest
between the old and new bonds will forever
prevent their voluntary exchange. Holders
will not voluntarily surrender a security bearing
a higher, for one bearing a lower rate ot interest.
Then, secondly, the only mode left is to
accomplish the substitution by the sale of the
new bonds at par, and the redemption of old
bonds with the proceeds of the sale. This is
practicable and lawful. But, of necessity, the
sale must precede the redemption, and every
sale adds so much to the amount ot the bonded
debt, until after the lapse of time an equal
amount of the old debt is redeemed. When
can this latter event happen? Howatid when,
under the law, can the Secretary compel the
presentation for redemption of such an amount
of the old bonds? i'o render the answer clup.t,-
1 will cite section four of the act ot July 14,
1S70, to authorize the refunding of the national
debt. It provides that—
"The Secretary of the Treasury is hereby ■anO'"/:
ized, wiih &uy cqiu m the Treasun of the umt&ci
