1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1038
Mr. POMEROY. You could make such a
motion; but that is not the object of this rule.
Mr. HAMLIN. I rise to a question of
order. There is no question before the Sen-
ate, and therefore there can be no debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This debate
has been allowed by common consent. The
Senator from West Virginia now moves that
the amendment and the amendment to the
amendment be laid on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for a division of
the question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
slate that a motion to lay on the table cannot
be divided.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to submit a point
of order. Under this particular technical rule,
which applies to appropriation bills and noth-
ing else, I make the point of order that the
"pending amendment" in the contemplation
of the rule is the amendment that it is pro-
vided may be laid on the table. The bill is
pending and two amendments may be pend-
ing. The rule was adopted to cut off debate
upon a pending amendment, which may be an
amendment to an amendment. Now, Sen-
ators may desire to adopt an amendment, but
some one may move an amendment to that
amendment which the Senate wish to get rid
of, and under this ruling they cannot dispose
of it unless they also lay on the table the very
thing they do not wish laid on the table. I
ask for the decision of the Chair on this ques-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
decide with great pleasure according to his
construction of the rule. It all depends on
the meaning of the word "pending." ''Any
pending amendment to a general appropriation
bill may be laid on the table without affecting
the bill." The Senator from Kansas will see
very plainly, if he wants to adhere to the
technical language of the rule, that an amend-
ment to an amendment is not an amendment
to an appropriation bill. It is an amendment
to the appropriation bill, using more words
than are used in the rule, but it is an amend-
ment in the second degree. The Manual rec-
ognizes amendments in the first and second
degree, and prohibits amendments in the third
degree; that is, an amendment to an amend-
ment to an amendment. That is inhibited; but
amendments and amendments to amendments
are regarded as amendments in the first and
second degree, in parliamentary language.
Soon after this rule was adopted it was con-
strued by the Presiding Officer, both the pres-
ent occupant and one temporarily occupying
the chair, to mean that any proposition that
was sought to be attached to an appropriation
bill could be laid on the table without affect-
ing the bill. No amendment to an amendment
can be pending unless there is an amendment
pending, and if there is an amendment pend-
ing, it is embraced in the words "any pending
amendment." That is certainly the evident
meaning of the word " pending."
The Chair therefore rules that while it is m
order to move to lay an amendment or an
amendment to an amendment by itself on the
table, the Senate, if they see fit to do so, can
lay an amendment and an amendment to that
amendment on the table; and the reason is
quite obvious. Suppose the rule were other-
wise,' and that you could only move to lay an
amendment to an amendment on the table and
not the amendment itself. An amendment is
pending, and another Senator is recognized
and moves an amendment to that amendment.
The whole Senate, perhaps, or three fourths of
them, desire to lay the whole subject on the
table, and to go on with the appropriation bill;
butthe Chair rules, according to the interpreta-
tion of the Senator from Kansas, that only the
amendment to the amendment can be laid on
the table. That is laid on the table. Another
Senator rises and moves another amendment
to the amendment; and so the rule is defeated,
and thus the Senate may go on with an appro-
42x> Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 103.
priation bill, laying on the table whatever is
sought to be attached to it which in their
opinion ought not to be attached to it. The
Chair therefore rules in accordance with his
decision a year ago 
Mr. SHERMAN. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion to prevent our getting into a worse
difficulty. Suppose there is no way of laying
an amendment to an amendment on the table?
The VICE PRESIDENT. But there is.
Mr. SHERMAN. An amendment to an
amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then the decision is that
you may lay either on the table?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is; and the
Chair will state furthermore that it is on the
same principle on which you can move to lay
a bill and pending amendment to it on the
table.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly satisfied
if that is the decision of the Chair. I supposed
that the Chair ruled that we could not lay an
amendment, or an amendment to an amend-
ment, on the table separately.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Oh, no.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to any more
debate.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to make this
remark: I understood the Chair to state that
we could not lay an amendment to an amend-
ment on the table without also tabling the
amendment itself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
ruled differently, and ruled so a year ago when
this question was raised.
Mr. POMEROY. I am satisfied with the
decision.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now is on laying the amendment and the
amendment to the amendment on the table.
Mr. BORE.MAN. On that question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. CALDWELL, (after first voting in the
negative.) 1 desire to state that I voted
against laying the amendment on the table
because I think these men are not sufficiently
paid 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) Debate is not in
order during the pendency of the roll-call.
Mr. CALDWELL. But I desire to change
my vote, and I should like to give the reason.
I am informed that there is a bill on the Cal-
0 U (1
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
cannot enter into any debate during the roll-
call. He must vote either "yea" or "nay."
Mr. CALDWELL. Then I change my vote,
and vote "yea;" but I should like to explain
the reason why I do so.
The result was announced—yeas 19, nays
21; as follows :
YEAS —Messrs. Boreman, Caldwell, Chandler,
Cole, Cooper, Davis of .West Virginia, Edmunds,
Ferry of Connecticut, Gilbert, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Johnston, Rice, Saulsbary, Sprngue. Thuiinan,
Viekers, Wilson, Wmdom and Wright—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Brownlow, Carpenter, Cor-
bett, Fenton, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Gold-
thwaite, Hamlin, Hill, Kellogt;, Kelly, Lewis,
Loeran, Morrill of Vermont. Morton, Pomcroy,
Schurz, Scott. Sherman, and Trumbull—21.
ABSENT—Messis. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Bay-
ard, Buckingham, Cameron,Casserly. Clayton, Conk-
ling, Cragin, Daris of Kentucky, Frelinghuysen,
Hamilton of Texas, HarJan, Hitchcock, Howe,
Morrill of Maine, Norwood, Nye, Osborn, Patter-
son, Pool, Pratt. Ramsey, Robertson, Sawyer,
Spencer, Stevenson, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner,
Tipton, and West—33
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire before another vote
is taken to change my amendment. I under-
stand that the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio makes the salaries of the officers named
$4,000 each. I understood at first that it in-
creased them $1,000, and my amendment to
insert the supervising surgeon.was with the un-
derstanding that it was an increase of |>1,O0O,
which would come up to the recommenda-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury. He rec-
ommended that the supervising surgeon be
paid $3,000. I desire to change my amend-
ment so as to conform to the recommendation
of the Secretary, and make the salary $3,Q0O.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That change
can be made with the consent of the Senate.
Mr. LOGAN. I presume there will be no
objection. I do not desire to increase the
salary beyond the recommendation of the Sec-
retary, but it was an error on my part in mis-
understanding the Senator from Ohio.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection, and the amendment to the
amendment will be so modified.
Mr. CALDWELL. I rise now simply to
make the explanation I tried to ma'ke a mo-
ment ago. I voted against laying this subject
on the table at first because I was in favox of
increasing these salaries. I think these gen-
tlemen are inadequately paid, but having been
informed that there was a bill on the Calendar
which provided for an increase of their sala-
ries, I preferred considering it as a separate
measure, and therefore I changed my vote and
voted in favor of laying the whole subject on
the table. I desired to say that, because I
wished to be right on the question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not rise to occupy
any more of the time of the Senate, but only
in this public manner to apologize to the con-
siderable number of worthy and meritorious
officers of the Government who came to the
Committee on Appropriations, and who are
not included in these amendments, to have
their salaries increased. They did not all
come personally, but through representations
from Departments and persons employed by
the Government. They were turned away,
acquiescing in what we told them, that it was
not the proper place in an appropriation bill
to consider the subject of increasing salaries,
and without undertaking to decide on the merits
of their claims, many of which were merito-
rious, we must be excused from acceding to
their wishes; and they went away acquiescing
in the wisdom of that sort of treatment. Now
the Senate think we were wrong, and that we
ought to have considered each individual appli-
cation for a readjustment of salary in con-
nection with this bill. I have now, so far as
I am concerned, of course, as all the rest of
the bill has been gone over and agreed to, no
means of rectifying the injustice which it seems
we unwittingly did those gentlemen in saying
to them that it was not a subject for consider-
ation in connection with this bill; but I shall
be governed hereafter by the judgment of the
Senate in considering any question about the
increase or reduction of salaries that may be
presented.
Mr. COLE. This pending amendment has
not yet been adopted, and 1 hope it will not
be. My colleague on the committee seems to
consider that it is likely to be adopted. 1
fear it is, but I hope if may not be.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This case is just as good
as any of the rest.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to say one word
in behalf of the merits of the proposition
offered by the Senator from Ohio. I have
long been satisfied that the salaries of the
Assislant Secretaries, the Assistant Postmas-
ters General, the First and Second Comptrol-
lers, and other officers named in that amend-
ment, are too low. These officers really have
the administration of this Government upon
their shoulders. Their duties require exec-
utive abilities of the highest order, and no
man is qualified to occupy any one ot these
positions who is not in point of fact qualified to
be the Secretary or the head of a Department.
I make this further statement,, too, that the
success of the Secretary of the Interior, or of
the Treasury, or the head of any Department,
