1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2529
school, to be selected by him and the board
of trustees, upon which the building herein
provided for is to be erected under his super-
vision ; and the sura of $100,000 is appropri-
ated for the purchase of such site, and for the
purpose of erecting a building thereon for the
use of the school.
The Committee on the District of Columbia
reported the bill with amendments. The first
amendment was to strikeout at the end of the
second section the following words :
To remain in said school until he is twenty-one
years of age, unless sooner discharged by the board
of trustees of said school.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section six,
line one, tosttike out " five" andinsert " ten;"
so as to make the appropriation for the pay-
ment of salaries $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
seventh section of the bill, in the following
words:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, authorized to sell that portion of the Gov-
ernment farm lately set off by him to, and now in
the possession of, the trustees of the Reform School,
or such portion thereof as is not needed for the use
of the aqueduct, and to purchase another site for
the said school, to bo selected by him and the board
of trustees, upon which the building herein pro-
vided for shall be erected under his supervision;
that the sum of £10:),000 be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated for the purchase of such site, and for
tne purpose of erecting a building thereon for the
use of said school.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
That the Secretary of the Interior be authorized to
purchase a new site for said school, to be selected by
himself and the board of trustees, on which build-
ings forr the accommodation of three hundred boys
shall be erected, under the supervision of the said
secretary, the board of trustees, and the architeot
of the Capitol; and for these purposes the sum of
$100,000 is hereby appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, ana the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
DISTRICT JAIL.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move to take up
House bill No. 1552.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No.
1662) in relation to the construction of a new
jail in the District of Columbia. The bill
proposes to create the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, the chief justice of the supreme court of
the District of Columbia, and the Governor of
the District a board of commissioners, with
full power to carry out the provisions of the
act of Congress approved July 25, 1866, enti-
tled "An act authorizing the construction of a
jail in and for the District of Columbia," and
the acts amendatory thereof; and the commis-
sioners are directed to cause the work ol build-
ing the jail to be entered upon without delay ;
but the board are to have authority to change
the site heretofore selected, and so modify the
plans as shall, to them, seem to be for the
best interests of the District of Columbia.
Nothing contained in the bill is to operate to
increase the appropriations heretofore made
by Congress for the erection of the jail; and
the District of Columbia is to be required to
repay to the Government of the United States
the sum of §90,000 required by the acts of
Congress approved March 2, 1867, amenda-
tory of the act of J uly 25, 1866, herein referred
to as obligatory on the then existing govern-
ments of the cities of Washington and George-
tC>Th'e Committee on the District of Columbia
reported the bill with amendments. The first
amendment was in section one, lines thirteen
and fourteen, to strike out the words "so
modify the" and insert the words adopt
such." ,
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 159.
line sixteen, after the word "Columbia" to
strike out the remainder of the section, in the
following words:
Provided also, That nothing herein contained
shall operate to increase the appropriations here-
tofore made by Congress for the erection of said jail:
Provided further, That the District of Columbia shall
be required to repay to the Government of the Uni-
ted States the sum of $90,000, required by the acts
of Congress approved March 1,1867, amendatory of
the act of July 25, 18G6, herein relorrcd to as obliga-
tory on the then existing governments of the cities
of "Washington and Georgetown; and all laws in-
consistent herewith are hereby repealed.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
And the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby di-
rected to place to the credit of tho Secretary of tho
Interior the sum of $300,000. which said sum the
Secretary of the Interior is authorized to expend in
the construction of a jail, as is herein provided; and
in order that tho work upon said jail shall begin
without delay, the appropriation heroin made shall
take effect immediately: Provided, That the plans
and designs for said jail shall bo prepared by tho
supervising architect of the Treasury Department,
and the work shall bo done under his supervision,
subject to tho approval of said commissioners.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section the following :
Sko. 2, That for the purpose of reimbursing the
United States for a part of the cost ot said jail.it
shall be the duty of the Legislative Assembly of the
District of Columbia, and they are hereby required
to assess and cause to be collected, by tax or other-
wise, and pay into the Treasury ot the. United
States, at or before the completion of said jail, the
sum of S100,000; and upon default of the payment ot
the sum aforesaid into the Treasury ol the United
States at the time beioro mentioned, the Secretaiy
of the Interior shall appoint a collector, whose duty
it shall be to proceed with the collection of the taxes
as assessed by the Legislative Assembly in such man-
ner and form as shall bo prescribed by thoSecretar;
of the Interior. And if the said District of Colum-
bia shall neglect, iail, or refuse to assess such tax,
the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized
and empowered to make such levy and proceed to
its collection as aforesaid. And all acts inconsistent i
herewith are hereby repealed. i
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in. It was ordered that the amend-
ments be engrossed, and the bill read a third
time. The bill was read the third time, and
passed.
DISTRICT MUNICIPAL COURT.
Mr. SAWYER. I move to proceed to the
consideration of Senate bill No. 637.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 637J to
establish a municipal court in the District of
Columbia.
Mr. SAWYER. The Committee on the
District of Columbia report an amendment
as a substitute for the entire bill. 1 therefore
suggest that the reading of the original bill be
dispensed with.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That course
will be pursued if there be no objection, and
the substitute only will be read. _
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of tne
committee, which was to strike out all after
the enacting clause of the original bill and to
insert in lieu thereof the following :
That there shall be established in the District of
Columbia a court with jurisdiction as heremaftei
provided, to be styled "the municipal court ot the
District ot Columbia./' . . ,
Sec 2. That said courtshall consist of threejudges",
to be appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the benate, one clerk, three
assistant clerks, and as many bailife, not exceeding
six, as may, from time to time, be found necessary.
Tbe clerk shall be appointed by the court, and shall
have the appointment ot his assistants, ibe bail
iffs shall be appointed by the United States marshal
for the District of Columbia; all ot which ofhceis
shall be citizens of the District of Columbia.
Sec. 3. That the salary of the judges shall be
«3 000 eaeii per annum; of the clerk, 5-2,000 per an-
fum ofthe assistant clerks, each, $1,200 per annum;
and of the bailiffs, each shall be allowed three dol-
lars per day for each day that he shall attend on a
,ion of the court. These salaries shall be paid
bv the District of Columbia monthly.
Sec 4 That the judges shall be selected from
the members.of ,the, bar of the District oJJJolum-
bia and shall hold office for the term of six years,
one' of whom shall be designated m his commis-
sion as the presiding judge, tach judge
shall,
before entering upon the duties of his office take and
subscribe an oath or a&rmaUoo, to be filed iu the h
executive records in the District of Columbia, and to
be made of record upon the minutes of tho munici-
pal court, to support the Constitution and laws of
the United States, and tho laws of the District of
Columbia, and to discharge the duties of his office
well and faithfully, to the best of his ability.
Sec. 5. That the clerk, assisted by the assistant
clerks, shall have charge of the records and seal
of the court, and be subject to such rules and regu-
lations as may. from time to time, be proscribed
by the court. Before the clerk or tne assistant
clerks enter upon the discharge of the duties of
their respective offices, they shall each take and
subscribe beforo the court an oath or animation, to
bo entered upon the records of the court, to support
the Constitution nnd laws of the United States and
the laws ot the District, of Columbia, and to dis-
charge well and faithfully the duties of their offices;
and the clerk shall, before entering upon the dis-
charge of the duties ol his office, Give bond to the
UnitedStates in the penal sum of $>,000 conditioned
upon the faithful discharge of his dutios, with two
resident freehold sureties, to be approved by the
supreme court of the District of Columbia; which
bond shall be filed in the clerk's office of the su-
preme court, and shall be renewed every three
years, unless, lor cause shown, tho judges of the
municipal coui t should order thom sooner renewed.
And any person aggrieved or injured by the default
or malfeasance of the clerk shall have his remedy
upon said bond by action in the supreme court, in
the same manner as on other official bonds.
Sec. 0. That it shall be the duties of the bailiffs to
attend atthesessionsof thecourtand preserveorder
therein, and execute all lawful orders thereof under
the direction of the marshal. Each bailiff shall,
before entering upon the duties of his omce, take
and subscribe before one of tho judges of the court
an oath or affirmation similar to that taken by the
clerks, and which shall bo entered of record in the
°°Sec. 7. That the municipal court of tho District of
Columbia shall be a court of record, and shall have
and use a'seal; but shall have 110 power of natural-
ization It shall have original and exclusive juris-
diction of all civil cases where tho defendant, at the
time of serving the writ, as hereinafter provided,
shall bean inhabitant ot or found within tho District
of Columbia, and where tho amount claimed does
not exceed S'WO in value, and shall excrcisc the same
powers as are now exercised by the supreme court
of the District of Columbia in cases of attachment
and replevin where tho amount in coi troversy does
not exceed *3U0; and the couit an 1 each judge
thereof shall have the same power and exoici^e the
same jurisdiction as is now bad and exercised by
justices of the peace within saidDistrict, so tar aa
consistent with the provisions of thu act; but the
court shall not have jurisdiction of c u>es involving
the title to real estate nor for malicious prosecution
or actions against officers tor misconduct in ouice, or
actions on official bonds, or actions lor slander 01
libel. In criminal cases the court slisxl 1 have original
and exclusive jurisdiction of all violations of the
municipal laws and ordinances ot tne District 01
Columbia,of all simple assaults,simple assaults and
batteries, threats, petit larcenies, and t tie keeping 01
bawdy-houses, committed in the District oc Colum-
bia: and original jurisdiction as an examimngeouii
of ail other offenses against the laws ot .the United
States or the District of Columbia committed within
the District. The municipal courtshall have power
to summon witnesses and enfurce then* attendance;
to punish for contempt by fine not exceeding thirty
dollars, or imprisonment not exceeding forty-eight
hours, or both; to make, subject to tho approval ot
the supreme court of the District ot Columbia, rules
of practice- to issue all writs necessary to the exer-
cise of the jurisdiction herein conferred; and each
officer thereof shall be a conservator of the peace
and have authority to 0uoll riots and disturbances,
and to aireht persons violating in his view the laws
or ordinances of the United States or the District 01
C°Se™ t^That the process of thecourt, whether civil
ur criminal, shall run in the name of' the President
of tho United Static, be tested in the _ name ot the
presiding judge of the court, and be Mgned bj; the
'! clerk 01 one ol the assistant clerks, and shall bo
i| executed by the United States marshal ur las dep-
'I uty, who shall be the executive officer of the court,
;j and who, 111 all civil cases, shall be paid in advance,
1 unless otherwise ordexed by the court or judge m
■ ! the particular case, such fees tor the service ot pvo-
1 cess as may be allowed by the supreme court of the
!! Districtof Columbia, asis hereinafter provided, in
criminal cases the marshal shall be paid tor the
H service of process in the same manner and the.same
!' tecs as are now provided lor service of process in the
: police court, anil witness fees in the supreme court
i of the Diftrict of Columbia. :r,
1 Sec. 0. That the court shall hold dary sess ons in
the city of Washington for the transaction ol erim-
,! inal business, and also daily session.-, in such city tot
I, the transaction of civil busine,s, if necessaiv foi tile
'■ speedy transaction of the business- of the court, liac-i
1! of the judges may hold court at the same time sepa-
i' ratelv The terms of the courl shall commence oil
S' the first Monday in every month, alio presiding
'i iudge may assign the business among the se\e al
I iud"es. And convenient and suitable plaeeofoi hold-
II ing these courts shall be provided and maintained
by the District of Columbia.
Sf.c 10. Thai 111 civil cases the action shall be
begun by filing tho account, nole, bill, bond, instru-
ment. or a copy thereof, upon which the action is
brought, or a concise statement m \mtmg ol the
cause of action; and thereupon
issue,
uuimons shall
use of action; anu inereupuu a auu.ntw...-
qc, directing tbe defendant to appear and o.ii- wet
