738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
States which he may lawfully apply to such purpose,
or which may he derived from the sale of any of the
bonds, the issue of which is provided for in this act,
to pay at par and cancel any sis per cent, bonds ot
the United States of the kind known as five-twenty
bonds, which havo become, or shall hereafter become
redeemable by the terms of their issue. Bat the
particular bonds so to be paid and canceled shall
in all eases boindicated and specified by class, date,
and number, in the order of their numbers and issue,
beginning with the first numbered and issued, in
public notice to Ho given by the Secretary of the
Treasury, and in three months after tho date of such
public notice the interest on the bonds so selected
and advertised to be paid shall cease."
It results from this section that the interest
on the old-bonds cannot be made to cease
until three months after the date of the notice;
and, therefore, that the Secretary had no power
in any sense whatever to require the present
ation of the old bonds for redemption in any
shorter period than three months. It is also
fairly deducible from the entire law that he
had no 'right to issue such a notice until rea-
sonably certain arrangements had been made
by sale of new bonds to enable him to redeem
the old bonds at the expiration of the notice.
But this could not be done without a tem-
porary increase in the bonded debt. In other
words, it is simply impossible that the busi-
ness of refunding can proceed eff< etively with-
out temporarily increasing the bonded debt.
Can it be assumed that it. is the true intent
of the law that refunding shall only be ac-
complished by the actual exchange of old
for new bonds, "par for par?" Certainly
not, because throughout the act it is made
his duty to sell the new bonds and redeem
the old, using the proceeds of the former as
a sacred fund dedicated to the latter purpose
alone. 1 conclude, therefore, that the true
aim and intent of the law is to forbid the
permanent increase of the public bonded debt
in the process of refunding, not its unavoid-
able temporary increase. As the work of
refunding progresses, it appears to be the
intelligent aim of the law that the proceeds
of the sales of new bonds shall stand in spe-
cial pledge against tho inevitable increase in
the bonded debt until an equal amount of
the old debt can be in faet redeemed, and the
equilibrium restored. After a very careful
consideration of the subject, I feel clear in the
conclusion that there has been in legal effect
no increase in the bonded debt contrary to
law, resulting from the mere fact that new
bonds have been sold before old bonds in
equal amount were redeemed. If, however,
the proceeds of the sales of tho new bonds
havo been in any manner diverted or improp-
erly withheld from the purpose to which they
are specially dedicated by the law, then a vio-
lation of the law would result. It is also to
be lemembered that the Secretary may make
temporary use of any balances in the Treasury
applicable to ihe payment of the public debt
in redemption of these old bonds.
1 proceed next In inquiie whether the Secre-
tary has exceeded the law by expending more
than one half of one per cent, of the bonds
refunded in effecting the new loan. It is
declared in section two that—
"A sum not exyeedin^one half of one perccnt. of
the bonds herein authorized is hereby appropriated
to pay the expense of preparing, issuing, advertising,
and disposing ot the t,amu."
This appropriation amounts to $7,500,000
to pay the entire expense of refunding
$1,500,000,000. After payment of the cost of
preparing, issuing, and adveuising the bonds
the Secretary has legal antlionty to expend
the residue of the $7,500,000 in effecting the
sale of the new bonds. It must be held to be
his duty under the law to see to it that the cost
of negotiating the entire loan shall not exceed
the sum appropriated; and that the cost of
negotiating any distinct part of it shall not
exceed the maximum rate of one half of one
per cent.; and that the cost shall not be
allowed to come up to that maximum on any
distinct part of it unless it bo reasonably neces-
sary to secure its negotiation. The aggregate
sum that he could under any circumstances
expend in the negotiation of $200,000,000
of five per cent, bonds could not, therefore,
lawfully exceed $1,000,000. The cost of pre-
paring, issuing,and advertising that part of
the loan is estimated by the Department to be
about $400,000. I applied to the Secretary
for a detailed statement of the cost of prepar-
ing, issuing, and advertising this part of the
loan ; bnt he said he could not now give it.
The amount actually paid for negotiating
the sale of $65,775,550 of it was one quarter
of one per cent., or the sum of $104,438 87J.
The total amount paid for negotiating the sale
of the next $50,000,000 of it was but one
eighth of one per cent., or the sum of $62,500.
The amount actually paid under the contract
with the " syndicate" for negotiating the sale
of the remaining $84,224,450 of it was at least
$375,000, equal to nearly one half of one per
cent, on that sum. Is such a payment jus-
tified by the law? Is it a fair and reasonable
compliance with its terms and intent? I think
not. I tliink it involves a clear excess of
authority.
It is exceedingly important that the country
should know exactly how and for what specific
purposes this $400,000 was expended. How
much for preparing the bonds? How much
for advertising? How much was paid to special
agents, with or without authority of law?
IIow much in other ways not contemplated by
the terms of the law, or by its framers at the
time of its enactment? All this information
is for the present withheld from us by the Sec-
retary.
But does this statement fairly indicate tho
whole amount paid to the syndicate under the
contract with the Secretary? That contract
was based upon a consideration. That con-
sideration consisted of all the stipulations in
the contract. The obligation on the part of
the Secretary to pay the syndicate the sums I
have mentioned was one part of those stipula-
tions only—was only a part of the consideration
or compensation moving from the Government
to the syndicate. Another most important and
valuable stipulation in the contract was tho
agreement of the Secretary that the proceeds
arising from the sale of the bonds should remain
on deposit with the syndicate people for three
months or more. Under the contract, there-
fore, for that period the money was out of the
legal and actual control of the Secretary, it'
the contract in that respect was valid. It
amounted to a loan by the Secretary to those
people for three months of aboutone hundred
and thirty-five million dollars, without interest,
but with security.
It was not in legal effect, or in fact, an
ordinary deposit, a mere sight deposit, of pub-
lic money in a national depository, subject at
all times to the control of the Secretary; but
it was itt clear legal effect a time deposit or
loan for three months. It was demanded by
the syndicate because they wauted a larger
commission for negotiating the loan than that
allowed by the law, and because the use of
such a vast sum of money for three mouths,
without interest, would be valuable to them,
and equivalent to an additional commission
of one and a half or two per cent, for nego-
tiating the loan. Estimating the use of the
money at only six per cent, per annum, the
syndicate would realize from it in three
months $2,025,000. This sum, added to the
leg il commissions received by the syndicate,
makes the aggregate of their compensation
under the law and the contract at least
$2,402,500. The same arrangement applied
to tlie negotiation of the remaining $1,300,000,-
000 of the new loan would make it pay in
commissions to the syndicate, excluding esti-
mated cost of preparing, issuing, and adver-
tising, at least the sum of $4,500,000, and in
the use of the money for three months the
further sum of $19,500,000, making in all the
magnificent, harvest of $24,000,000.
I estimate, upon all the information I can
obtain from the Secretary and other sources
on the subject, that the cost of prepar-
ing, issuing, and advertising the remaining
$1,800,000,000 of the loan cannot exceed
two million dollars. The expense on future
sales, for many reasons, will be much less rela-
tively than on the first $200,000,000.
But in fact, under the practical working of
this mysterious syndicate arrangement, the
banks and Jay Cooke & Co. are guarantied the
use of these vast sums for considerably more
than three months without interest. Incorpo-
rate with my remarks one tabular statement of
the subscriptions to this loan made by national
banks and payable in certificates of gold coin
on deposit in the Treasury, with the date and
amount of each subscription, and the name of
the bank making the same, and another tabu-
lar statement of the amounts and dates of sub-
scriptions to the loan made by the syndicate.
The subscriptions by the banks amount to
$14,377,300, and run from the 14th to the end
of the month of August, 1871; and those by
Jay Cooke'& Co. amount to $117,518,950, and
extend from the Gth to the end of the same
month, making together $131,890,250.
The new bonds so subscribed for bore inter-
est from the several dates of subscription,
as set forth in these tables. Yet the inter-
est on the old bonds to the same amount of
$131,896,250 did not cease at the expiration
of three months from the date of these several
subscriptions, because for some reason the
Secretary did not issue his notice to call in an
equal amount of the old bonds at once, but
waited until September 1, 1871, when he issued
a notice (which I will piint with these remarks)
calling in and stopping interest on $100,000,000
of old bonds on and after December 1, 1871.
lie issued a like notice on December 7, 1871,
calling in and stopping interest on $20,000,000
mote of the old bonds on and after March 7,
1872. He issued a like notice on December
20, 1871, calling in and stopping interest on
$20,000,000 more of old bonds on and after
March 29,1872. I will print with my remarks
both these notices.
Thus it appears that the syndicate in fact
had the use, without interest, under this re-
markable contract, ot $100,000,000 for an aver-
age period of about three months and twelve
days, and of $20,000,000 more for an average
period of over six months and a half, and of
the residue for nearly seven months. These
startling facts indicate a policy or management
that is to me inexplicable. It is impressively
clear, however, that it is most generously prof-
itable to the syndicate, and unjustly and unlaw-
fully expensive to the people. It is still more
surprising,_ in view of the statement in the
Secretary's' notice of August 10,1871, in which
he says:
"At the commencement of each month noticc will
be given of the redemption of an amount of bonds
equal to the amount of subscriptions m coin for the
preceding month, interest to cease in ninety days
from the date of such notice."
Why were not notices issued in accordance
with this pledge? Why did the notice of Sep-
tember 1, 1871, embrace but $100,000,000 when
at the date of it over one hundred and twenty-
five million dollars of the new bonds had been
in fact subscribed and paid for? Such man-
agement, I think, demandstbe most emphatic
condemnation. It seems to me to involve
both a violation of the law, and to be suscepti-
ble of the greatest abuses. The best interests
ot tho country and tho tax-payers demand
that the old bonds shall be redeemed, and the
accruing of interest upon them stopped in
the shortest possible period after the sale of
the new bonds. It would be gross injustice
as well as blundering policy to suffer both
debts, the old and the new, to bear interest
for a moment longer than is unadvoidablecon-
sistently with the national honor.
But, Mr. Speaker, I have not yet fully indi-
cated the measuie of the earnings of the syn-
dicate under the arrangement in question.
Beside the profits to which I have referred, it
must be remembered that the proceeds of the
