1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1635
fetiton, Harlan, Howe, Lewis, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont. Norwood, Nye, Patterson,
Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz,
Spencer, Sprjgue, Stevenson, Stewart, Stockton,
Tipton, Wilson, and "Wmdom—34,
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio, as amended.
Mr. POMEROY. I would suggest a verbal
amendment on account of what the Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] has said. I
think the amendment of the Senator from Ohio
is clear as it is ; butthe Senator from Vermont
has said that the "Assistant Secretaries"
spoken of theie only mean the Assistant Sec-
retaries of the Treasury Department. I want to
add " the Assistant Secretaries of the several
Executive Departments." I thinkitmeans that
to now, but there is a doubt about that. So,
with the consent of the Senator from Ohio,
I want to add " of the several Executive
Departments" after the words "Assistant
Secretaries."
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think there is
any doubt about it. I do not like to put in
unnecessary words.
• Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Ver-
mont thinks it is restricted to the Assistant
Secretaries of the Treasury.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is a matter of plain
legal construction.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the punc-
tuation it would refer only to the Treasury
Department.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I move to insert
"of the several Executive Departments."
The VICE PRESIDENT. And with a
semicolon after the word " Departments? '
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be so modified.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Solicitor of the
Treasury ought to be inserted. I thought he
received $4,000, but I learn that he receives
only $3,500.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no doubt of it.
On the theory upon which we are now pro-
ceeding, as we have concluded to go into this
matter on its merits, I am obliged to say that
I think the Solicitor of the Treasury ought to
have an increase of his salary. I say it sin-
cerely, for I believe it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly, the Solicitor
of the Treasury ought to be inserted. It is a
highly important office.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This amend-
ment is to be inserted in that clause relative
to the Treasury Department, the Chair sup-
poses.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He is now an officer in
the Department of Justice.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will let it stand as it is.
It can be added, if necessary, in the House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio withdraws the amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to offer an
amendment to the amendment., to come in
where the salaries are first named: "The
annual salary'of the district judge of the north
ern district of Illinois shall be $5,000." I
think it will come in best at the commence-
ment of the section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
add it at the end.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it had better
come in at the beginning, and then let the
other salaries follow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It might be
inserted there.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not care particu-
larly where it is inserted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ment to the amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed, after the
word "annual," to insert "salary of the
district judge of the northern district of Illi-
nois shall be $5,000, and theso as to read:
That from and after the 1st day of January, A. D.
1872, the annual salary of the disLrict judge of the
northern district of Illinois shall be 85,000, and the
annual salary of the Assistant Secretaries, he.
Mr. SHERMAN. I raise a point of order.
This involves a new appropriation, a new item.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is an amendment to
an amendment, and I suppose that is proper
without notice.
Mr. SHERMAN. It involves a new appro-
priation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Ohio makes a point of order, the Chair
will rule upon it. lie did not interpose the
point of order himself on other amendments,
but suggested to other Senators a doubt
whether these amendments eould be enter
tained under the thirtieth rule. The thirtieth
rule states that—
"All amendments to general appropriation bills
reported from committees of the Senate, proposing
new items of appropriation, shall, one day before
they are offered, be referred to the Committee on
Appropriations."
The Chair thinks that under the thirtieth
rule any proposition for a new item of appro-
priation, even if offered as an amendment to
an amendment, must be referred one day pre-
viously to the Committee on Appropriations for
this reason. If this is not the intent of the
thirtieth rule, then to this amendment increas-
ing salaries could be added every other ex-
pense of the entire Government as an amend-
ment. Every expense provided for usually in
all the other appropriation bills could beadded
as amendments to this amendment, because
the Chair is prohibited in the Senate by usage
from deciding what shall be or shall not be con-
sidered as germane to a pending proposition ;
it is for the Senate itself to judge. The Chair
therefore thinks, as the clause is so emphatic
and so precise, that all amendments proposing
new items of appropriation must be referred
one day previously, that the point of order can
be properly made against any addition to this
proposition as reported from the Committee
on Finance by its chairman.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I saw that this amend-
ment had been amended, and I had always
supposed that an amendment coming in in this
way and bringing up a new question enabled
us to amend that amendment. Otherwise, we
are placed in a very awkward position. Sup
pose on the amendment offeree! by the Senator
from Ohio to increase these salaries to $4,000
the Senate thought they ought to be increased
to $5,000, that would be an increase of striking
out " four" and inserting "five."
Mr. SHERMAN. That would not be a new
item.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It it would be increas-
ing the amount. It would be a new item,
adding it to the appropriation. I conceive
that we should be somewhat embarrassed by
this course of practice; and I thought the
ruling had been different, but I may be mis-
taken.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the ruling has been the other way heretofore;
but the Chair will state to the Senator from
Illinois, without decidingtheconjecturalpoint,
which is not now before the Senate, that un-
questionably by this rule any new item of
appropriation must, before it can be presented
heie, be referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, unless it comes within the four pre-
vious provisions of the thirtieth rale.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have the authority of
the Committee on the Judiciary to offer this
amendment, but notice of it has not been given
to the Committee on Appropriations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that would prohibit it. By the thirtieth rule
ame'.dinents proposing addilional appropria-
tions may be received under four different
-heads : first, if they are made " to carry out the
provision of some existing law;" or second,
" some act or resolution previously passed by
the Senate during that session that is, an act
passed by this body, and not yet having received
the concurrence of the other House; third,
"moved by direction of a standing or select
committee of the Senate ;" or fourth, " or
in pursuance of an estimate of some of the
Departments." But this rule adds:
" All amendments to general appropriation bills
reported from committees of the Senate, proposing
new items of appropriation, shall, one day before
they are offered, be referred to the Committee on
Appropriations."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I give the notice
now. I offer the amendment with the view
of having it referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It comes from
the Committee on the Judiciary, and will be
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. MORTON. When that amendment
comes in, will it be in order to offer an amend-
ment, to it of which no notice has been given?
The VICE PRESIDENT. A new item of
appropriation must be referred. The Chair
cannot tell what is in the mind of the Senator
from Indiana, but if his amendment is a new
item of appropriation it must pass through the
same process that the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Illinois must pass through, that is,
be presented from a committee, and it must
be referred one day previously to its being
moved in the Senate to the Committee on
Appropriations, unless it is moved in pursu-
ance of an estimate of the head of a Depart-
ment or to carry out the provisions of an exist-
ing law.
Mr. MORTON. I give notice, and refer to
the Committee on Appropriations, a proposed
amendment to include the district judge of
the district of Indiana, and make his salary
$5,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does that come
from any committee?
Mr. MORTON. I wish to refer it to the
Committee on Appropriations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
do that before the adjournment if he moves it
by direction of some standing committee.
Mr. KELLOGG. I give notice that I shall
move to amend the bill so as to increase the
salary of the district judge for the State of
Louisiana to $5,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does that come
from a committee ?
Mr. KELLOGG. I will refer it to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It must be either
"to carry out the provisions of some existing
law or some actor resolution previously passed
by the Senate during thatsession," or "moved
by direction of a committee," or moved in
pursuance of an estimate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is it reported from a
m vn l f top /
Mr. KELLOGG. I do not offer it now ; I
give notice that 1 intend to offer it, and I want
it referred now to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
does not see the point the Chair presents. It
must be reported by a committee, presented
in open Senate, and referred, one day previous
to its being offered, to the Committee on Ap-
propriations.
Mr. KELLOGG. The rule includes a select
committee also.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A standing or
select committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amendment I have
moved I suppose is referred to the Committee
on Appropriations?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move to amend
the amendment by inserting after " Commis-
sioner of Education," the words " Commis-
sioner of Agiiculture."
Mr. MORTON. Does that come from any
committee ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the point of
