1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2531
says the postmaster shall be selected from the
town. If there is, it is unconstitutional.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senator from
Maine what the provision is in regard to cus-
tom-house officers ?
Mr. HAMLIN. The law provides that they
shall reside at the port.
Mr. CARPENTER. After they are ap-
pointed.
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes. The Senator from
Massachusetts knows very well that appoint-
ments are made in very many cases from per-
sons not residing even in the State. He knows
that 1 was myself appointed collector of Bos-
ton while I resided in Maine; and the practi-
cal construction of that law at the Department
did not require me even to hold my legal resi
dence in Boston, but that I should be there to
do the duties of my office, as I was all the
time, although my legal home remained in
Maine during all that time.
Mr. CARPENTER. Those are regulations
for the performance of the duties of the office,
not limiiations on the power of the President
to appoint.
Mr. SUMNER. Is not that a very thin
distinction ?
Mr. CARPENTER. I think not. I think
while we may say a postmaster after he is ap-
pointed shall be four times a day in the post
office, we cannot pass a law that the President
should not appoint a man who had not been
four times a day in the post office.
Mr. SUMNER. I merely called attention
to it because I was unwilling that so import-
ant a principle as that should pass without
consideration or question, unless it really be
entire!^ plain. It is not entirely plain to my
apprehension, I confess. I should hesitate to
say that under the Constitution this limitation
could not be imposed upon the appointing
power, and especially when I consider that by
the Constiiution, Congress has legislation in
all cases whatsoever here in the District of
Columbia. The relations of Congress to the
District of Columbia, I need not remind the
Senate, are peculiar, entirely different from its
relations to any other part of the country. I
should hesitate, therefore, to accept any limit-
ation upon the power of Congress. That brings
me to the question of expediency. I have no
positive opinion upon that. I do not know
that it may not be expedient to leave the ques
tion of appointment without any limitation;
but I must say that as I view it now I cannot
accept the conclusions that it is unconstitu-
tional.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have no doubt that it is
within the power of Congress to provide that
the judge shall leside here when he shall have
been appointed; indeed he must reside here
to do his duty; but aside from that point, upon
the simple.question of expediency I think the
Senate would adopt the amendment which I
have proposed if for no other reason than this:
it is known to everybody that a very large pro-
portion of the offices of the various Depart-
ments are held by citizens of this District.
There is perhaps no large State that has more
officers in the various Departments than this
little District. This is a court which is paid
for by the United States, and to get good abil-
ity and proper persons, as a mere matter of
expediency, it would be most eminently just
lo place no such restriction in this bill as the
committee have placed there. Therefore, if
you do not take into consideration the consti-
tutional question (and I am willing to waive
it) as a mere matter of expediency we should
pass no bill with such a restriction in it as is
in this bill.
Mr. BAYARD. Did I understand the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin to object to the tenure
of six years?
Mr. CARPENTER. Yes, sir.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President 
Mr. HAMLIN. Will not my friend from
Delaware permit me to suggest that we dis-
pose of this amendment first; that is, striking
out the limitation in the fourth section, first
line, which compels the President to appoint
the judges from the bar of this District?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mor-
rill, of Vermont, in the chair.) The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine. Does the Senator from Maine accept
the suggestion of the Senator from South Car-
olina?
Mr. HAMLIN. What was it?
Mr. SAWYER. I made the suggestion, but
I will withdraw it for the moment, that the
term of office of six years be changed to
"during good behavior." I will withdraw it
for the moment for the purpose of having
action on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. BAYARD. It occurred to me that the.
Constitution giving to Congress the power of
exclusive legislation over the District of Co-
lumbia did not place the courts of the District
in the category of what are termed " inferior
courts'' under the Constitution, in regard to
which the Constitution expressly requires that
the tenure shall be during good behavior.
Congress has created judicial officers as jus-
tices of the peace in this District for terms of
years, as I understand, under the grant of the
power of exclusive legislation. It occurs to
me that this gives power to appoint, for a term
of years. I think the case of judges of this
District is not placed within the rule which
requires the tenure of good behavior for judges
of the inferior courts, which 1 take to mean
courts established by Congress throughout the
United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. Having jurisdiction in
the States.
Mr. BAYARD. Having jurisdiction within
the States, but having jurisdiction equally
throughout; that is to say, they must be a
class of courts appointed for the entire coun-
try under the constitutional provision requir-
ing equality in our laws. The power of ex-
clusive legislation having been vested over
this District in Congress, it occurs to me to
be a different branch of power from the one
authorizing the creation of inferior courts to
which the tenure for life is peremptorily at-
tached by the language of the Constitution. I
submit that to the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin. I had noted the fact of the six
vears' term of office, and had intended^ to
propose an amendment which should provide
"if the party should so long behave himself
well in the said office." The tendency of my
| mind now is to believe that Congress has the
power to create judicial offices in this District
' for a period less than good behavior.
Mr. CARPENTER. So far as regards the
appointment of justices of the peace in this
District, r have no doubt that they may be
appointed and their term of office limited.
The Constitution gives Congress exclusive
power of legislation over this District; that is
to say, all the power which over the people
of New York is divided between the Federal
Government and the State government, those
two powers, Federal and State, are combined
as to the District of Columbia, and all vested
in Congress. J usticen of the peace were offi-
cers well known to the common law and exist-
ing in every State of the Union when the Con-
stitution was adopted. They are not^ called
judges: they are not understood to be judges,
although in one sense they are judicial officers.
The word "judge" here undoubtedly must be
construed with reference to the clause and to
the other branches of this provision :
"The judicial power ot the Uni'ed States shall be
vested in one Supreme Court, and in sueh lllterior
courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain
and establish. The judges, both ot the supreme
and inferior courts, shall hold their offices during
good behavior, and shall, at stated times, receive
(or their services a compensation which shalt not Be
diminished during their continuance in office.
The Constitution divides the powers of the
General Government into three great classes.
There is. in the first place, the legislative power
of the United States, which varies in different
places. In this District it is exclusive of all
other legislation ; it is absolute, save as limited
by the Constitution of the United States. Yet
in this District all the limitations of a general
nature which belong to the Constitution restrain
us. For instance, turn to any of the amend
ments of the Constitution to illustrate what 1
mean:
" Congress shall make no law respecting the estab-
lishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exer-
cise thereof; or abridging the fieedom of speech, or
of the press; or the right of the people* peuneably
to assemble, and to petition the Government for a
redress of grievances."
This provision applies to and restricts the
legislative power of Congress. It restricts every
exercise of legislative power by Congress, re-
stricts Congress as much when legislating for the
District as when legislating in the States. In
other words, it is a restriction upon the legis-
lative power. So of all the other amendments'
to the Constitution, every one of them. We
cannot take away the right of trial by jury in
the District of Columbia, nor put aman for the
same offense twice in jeopardy of life or limb,
nor violate any other of the general restrictions
which the Constitution places upon the power
of Congress. Why? Because it is Congress
that is doing this thing, and the Constitution
says Congress shall not do it.
Now, then, come to the judicial power, the
third division made by the Constitution, the
first being the legislative, then the executive,
and then the judicial power. This reads:
"The judicia.1 power of the United States shiil! be
vested in one Supreme Court, and in sueh inferioi
courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain
and establish."
Can you vest any judicial power in anybody
except under that section of the Constitution?
Are you not by this law vesting a judicial power
i in this tribunal? Is it not an inferior court, to
| be ordained and established by Congress?
| Certainly it is. It, is true that it is in a field or
I territory where your power is exclusive, but it
' is not less the power of Congress that is being
| exerciscd ; and, if so, then the other provision
I of the Constitution, that the judges ot both the
i Supreme and inferior courts shall hold their
i offices during good behavior, applies to every
i1 judge of every court which Congress may
establish, at ail events within the scope and
over the territory contemplated by the Consti-
tution itself.
I know the fact to be that in the Territories
Congress has established courts with judges
with limited terms—four to six years. There
is no doubt about that. If that can be main-
tained at all, it is upon the ground that it is "a
subject which was not covered by the Consti-
tution, and which comes by necessity within
the power of the General Government to reg-
ulate by legislation. I do not propose to go
into that argument; it has been argued a great
deal in the Senate and in the Supreme Court,
and in other places, and nobody yet has been
able to select any one clause in the Constitu-
tion upon which he could get any ten men to
agree where ths power to legislate over the
Territories came from. Rut, that I am not
going into. This District, not exceeding ten
miles square, which was to be the seat of Gov-
ernment, was, however, a part of the territory
which the Constitution contemplated should
be governed by Congress. In other words,
the jurisdiction of the Federal Government
over that is to be supreme; the legislative
department of the General Government, the
executive department of. the General Govern-
ment, and the judicial departmentof the Gen-
eral Government extend over this District to
the exclusion of those brauches of any other
government, and extend over it subject to the
limitations which the Constitution places upon
Federal power whenever and wherever exer-
cised. _
For these reasons it seems to me entirely
clear that in establishing a court for the Dis-
trict of Columbia you must do it under ths
