3428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
had served in various penitentiaries and Slate
prisons throughout the country. That was a
list published in one of the leading jour-
nals in New York for several days. No
denial of such extraordinary statements was
ever made. I find here the name of one man
appointed a supervisor in the city of New
York, William Lewis, who was arrested for
stealing personal property, one gold watch
and chain, one locket., bracelets, ear-rings, and
breast-pins, all valued at §195, and the stolen
property found in liis possession, and he was
committed for trial, but the war being then
raging ha was released on condition of enlist-
ing in the Army—not a very valuable addi-
tion, I should say, to the brave men who were
then risking their lives for us all in the field.
Another supervisor of the eighteenth ward
was arrested as accessory to the murder of one
Guernsey, a grocer; Another supervisor was
a principal in a murder in a saloon, and ran
oti' to escape arrest and punishment. I find
the name of a prominent deputy marshal,
Allen, who served a term of five years in the
Connecticut State prison. He was sentenced
to five years more in the State of New York
to the State prison there, but appealed his
case, and while waiting for the decision of a
higher court got out on bail and found it con-
venient to disappear.
I could occupy the time of the Senate for
ten times the five minutes allowed to me in
reading similar details. In my own city many
men succeeded in imposing themselves on the
circuit judge and being appointed as super-
visors to whom no man in his senses would
give five dollars a day; any man who would
regard them as worth half that amount would
thereby establish his liability to have a com-
mission of lunacy appointed on him.
You do not give your jurors, the men who
are the chosen men of the community, the
good and true men, the lawful and discreet
men of your community such compensation
as is to be paid to these men. You are mak-
ing a job of the whole thing; you are making
this law, inquisitorial and extraordinary at the
best, an instrument for oppressing the people
by the taxation which it will produce.
I hope, sir, that my amendment will be
adopted,putting these people on a level at least
with honest laborers in their compensation.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, if there is
to be compensation allowed at all, I think that
allowed in the law as it now stands is not too
high. The object is to get men who are qual-
ified morally and intellectually to perform these
duties. Therefore, 1 am opposed to the adop-
tion of the amendment offered by the Senator
from California.
But he says that bad men have heretofore
been appointed in New York, and he reads
some names and describes some characters.
Why, Mr. President, m the city of New York
men have been elected by the people, and
have been appointed by the mayor and com-
mon council of that city, who in the course
of about three years stole $120,000,000; and
the whole world knows it. Is that a good
argument for abolishing elections by the peo
ple?^ Is that a good argument for depriving
the city government of New York of all power ?
It would he a good argument if that made by
the Senator from California is a good argu-
ment against this law. He cannot impeach
the excellence of a law by showing that it may
have sometimes been abused, or that bad men
may sometimes have been appointed under it.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator from
Indiana allow me to ask him a question with-
out trespassing on his time?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CASSERLY. Does the Senator con-
sider that because bad men stole millions of
dollars iu the city of New York, as he says,
graduates of two State prisons in as many dif-
ferent States should be paid five dollars a day
as supervisors or deputy marshals to insure
jjurity of elections?
Mr. MORTON. Even the graduates of
State prisons may sometimes go where they
are not known and be appointed to office or
be received in respectable society. I have
heard of that. But what I mean to say is this
if these exceptional cases that the Senator re
fers to have occurred—which, perhaps, he
cannot prove; they may be entirely apocryphal
for all we know, and I presume they are, for I
think they are among tho exaggerations of
politics—even if it were so, it would form no
good argument against the law any more than
the existence of Tammany thieves would form
a good argument, against electing the officers
of cities by the people.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is upon the amendment offered by the
Senator from California.
Mr. SALTLSI5URY. I shall vote against
this whole bill when it comes to the final vote.
I am opposed to the appointment of these
supervisors of election, and consequently I am
opposed to paying them anything. Now, I
should like to know what business it is of Con-
gress how the people of any State conduct their
elections. Are you going to strike down every
right of the States ? A few moments ago you
had a bill pending in this House, advocated
by many Senators, that proposed even to take
from the parents of children the right to de-
termine how they should go to school and how
they should educate their own children. You
proposed in that bill to take from the people
the right to say where they would bury their
dead. Now you come here with this " bill of
abominations" and propose to supervise the
elections of the peoplo in their own States. T
am opposed to your whole bill, and eonse
quently I say 1 am opposed to any compensa-
tion whatever.
If Congress mean to interfere with the rights
of the electors, why do they not take a manly
course and say " Congressintends to usurp the
powers which the people themselves have
heretofore exercised to determine their own
elections and rule at their own polls V" Why
do you propose now to come in with congres-
sional interference, to appoint scalawags to
superintend the manner in which honest men
shall cast their votes? What the Senatorfrom
California read as being true in the city of
New York was true in many other States. In
my own State parties were sent for to Philadel
pliia, as 1 have understood, logo into one of the
elect ion precincts and to appear there and claim
to be appoint ees of the marshal and superintend
an election; butthegood people of that neigh-
borhood said to thein, " Sirs, the sooner you
make tracks the better; there are limbs and
rope in this neighborhood, and you had better
leave;" and I hope and trust that whenever
an attempt is made by scalawags to interfere
with the elections of the people they will read
to them their death-warrant unless they leave
the place in short order.
Sir, the people ought not to submit to it.
If the people of this country do submit to be
divested of all their rights, then their liberties
are gone, unless to shame the coward spirit
of their sons, the swords of patriot sires shall
leap unbidden from their rusty scabbards and
strikedown the despoilers of American liberty.
For one, I protest against this whole thing
as an infringement upon the rights of the peo-
ple, and I shall therefore oppose giving any-
thing to any of these scalawags that may be
sent into my State or any other State for the
purpose of supervising elections.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That will pay them
§2 50 a day, if it is adopted. I think that is
enough.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from North Carolina,
[Mr. Ransom,] who would vote "yea" if
present, and I should vote "nay." I am re-
quested to state, also, that the Senator from
Minnesota [Mr. Ramsey] is paired with the
Senator from Now Jersey, [Mr. Stockton ]
Mr. Stockton would vote ''yea" if present,
and Mr. Ramsey " nay."
The qaestion being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 29; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Blair. Cnsserly, Cooper,
Davis of West Virginia, Gtoldthwaito, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Johnston, Kelly, Nor-
wood. ban sbnry. Sebum, Stevenson, Thurman. Tip-
ton, Trumbull, and Windorn—18.
. NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, litiok-
lnghaui. Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter JRlayion.Cole,
CorbettXragin, i'orry of Counocticut. Forry ofAJich-
lean.Elanajran.lrelinghuysen,Gilbert, Harlan, Kel-
logg. Morn 11 ot Vermont. Morton, Nye, Oaborn,
Pool. Robertson, Sawyer, Scott, Spencer, Sumner,
and West—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard. Brownlow, Chandler,
Conk ling, Davis ot ICentuoky, Edmunds, Ponton.
Hamlin, Hill, ilitehooek, Howe, Lewis, Logan, Mor-
rill of Maine, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsoy,
Hansom. Ripe, Sherman.Sprague, Stewart, Stockton,
Viekers, Wilson, and Wright—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CASSERLY. I move to amend the
bill by adding:
Sue. —. That all appointments of supervisors of
election, or deputy marshals, or persons appointed
by court commissioners to oxecute proeoss, made
under this act, or tho acts to which it is amendatory,
shall be mado in writing upon tho written recom-
mendation of at least two reiiutablo citizens who
are Qualified as jurors under the laws of the State,
and also qualified as voters in their respective elec-
tion or voting precincts; and such recommendation
shall bo filed with the appointment in the office of
the elork of the circuit court.
Tho amendment is confined to supervisors,
deputy marshals, and that large body of offi-
cers denominated "persons" in the act, who
are appointed by the court commissioners to
execute process. It seems to me that those
officers are invested with powers so largo that
some special care should be used in the man-
ner of their appointment.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allow
me to make a suggestion-to him ?
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. I suggest that his
amendment is unconstitutional. The appoint-
ment of every Federal officer must be made
by the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, by the heads of Depart-
ments, or by the courts of law. Now, you can-
not provide that a court of law shall appoint
men recommended to them by somebody else.
Mrv CASSERLY. The Senator from Wis-
consin is a known friend and champion of
civil service reform. I am, therefore, not at
all equal to the task of coping with him on a
question of this kind which relates to the con-
stitutional power of officers charged with the
duty of appointments to make appointments
upon the best information or guarantee that
they can obtain. I do not see how my amend-
ment , howeyer, conflicts wiih the Senator's
view of tho Constitution.
Mr. CARPENTER. It substantially puts
the appointing power in the two persons who
make the recommendation.
Mr. CASSERLY. No, sir; the provision
is that the supervisors shall not be appointed
unless they have such recommendation. Jt
does not say that the man who has that, recom-
mendation shall be appointed.
Mr. CARP-ENTER. I thought it read that '
he should be appointed upon the recommend-
ation.
Mr. CASSERLY. No.
Mr. CARPENTER. What is the phrase- ;
ology?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend- '
ment will be read. ;
i'he Chief Clerk. The amendment is as ;
follows: ;
That all appointments ofsupervisorsof eloctions.or i
deputy marshals, or persons appointed by court com- '1
mi^ioners to execute process made under this act or *
the acts to which it is amendatory, shall be wade in •"
writing upon tho written recommendation of at least *
two reputable citizens who are qualified us jurors '{
under the law of the State, and also are qualified as *3
voters in their respective election or voting $
