688
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May IB, 1872.
Senate.
Extension of the Km Klux *Act—Mr. Oasserly.
42d Cong 2  Sess.
freedom and the dignity of their States against
military force. Let us forget their words now
less than ever. Let them be often in our
thoughts. As the proceedings their words
denounced almost a hundred years ago are
brought irresistibly to our minds by the pro-
ceedings we denounce to-day, let their words
be I he best rebuke for the proceedings of to-
day and their authors.
Let us not pass from the grand old days,
the golden age of our annals, without one
more great example; it illustrates my subject.
I crave for it as well as for other like rem-
iniscences the indulgence of all those—of
whom nowadays there are too many—who
want the American people to turn their backs
upon themselves ; who would ignore all the his-
tory of the past, and are out of patience
with every attempt to array the great ideas
and eternal truths of the pristine days and the
practices of those days, worthy of such ideas
and such trulhs, for the instruction and correc-
tion of the piesent.
I present a page from the colonial history
of Massachusetts, so long ago a« 1709. In
that year an important election was about to
take place in Boston, which then had a Brit-
ish garrison, 'l'he selectmen met and sent a
message to Geneial Mackay, the commander
of the garrison, ihat they wished him to march
his troops out of the town during the voting.
They demanded this as "the lull right of
British freeholders and subjects on so import-
ant ail occasion." The general replied that
he could not march the troops out of town, but
that he would see that they did not leave their
barracks on the election day.
Not long afterward the General Assembly
met. Among its members were such men as
Samuel Adams and John Hancock, and others
worthy to be their associates. We have been
accustomed to count such men as Adams and
Hancock as lllustiious men and rather model
Republicans. With their views as to the pres-
ence of a military force at popular elections
they would hardly be accepted as " sound"
by the so-called Republicans of to-day. With
such men as Hancock and Adams for its lead-
ers the first step the General Assembly took
before proceeding to its business was to adopt
a resolution of solemn protest against the
course of the military commander of the Brit-
ish. The Assembly resolved that " the conees
sion of General Mackay that the troops should
remain in their barracks 011 election day was
by no means adequate to their right, and that
they could not proceed to the election without
declaring their clear and full sense that the
residence of an armed force in the town during
an election is a gross infringement of their
constitutional lights." The election was held,
but it was under this authoritative protest.
The selectmen resolved that the fact of their
holding it " should not be considered as a pre-
cedent, or construed as a voluntary receding
from the incontestible rights of Bi itish subjects
and freeholders."
That was more than a hundred years ago.
Eveu then the fathers and founders of our lib-
erties were so jealous of even the appearance
of military influence at their elections that
they would not suffer without indignant pro-
test the presence of the garrison at Boston,
though shut up within their barracks.
Thus, sir, I have shown you a great mass of
authority against General Grant's unprece-
dented policy of subjecting the elections in the
States to the Federal military force. I have
shown you that the law of Congress under which
he claimed to act gave no authority for his pro-
ceedings in the two chief cities of the Union,
and that they were in violation even of that
unconstitutional measure. 1 have shown you
that even granting—which I wholly deny—the
power in him as President to send the military
and naval forces of the United States into a
State in a case of domestic violence, actual or
imminent, his course in Philadelphia and New
York was a flagrant breach of the laws, ideas,
and practices of the American people from
time immemorial in regard to the absolute free-
dom of elections from even the appearance of
military control. In illustration of this 1 have
referred to the colonial history of Massachu-
setts and to the declaration of Independence.
I have cited to yon, also, the practice of the
European Governments in the same direction ;
of England, and even of France under the em-
pire of Louis Napoleon. You have heard read
the authentic statements of the Governor of
New York and the Governor of Pennsylvania
as to the military doings of General Grant in
the great cities of their respective States.
I will now give you what to many in this
Senate and out it will be of equal if not
greater weight than any or all of these. I will
give you the deliberate expression of General
Grant himself 011 the employment of the mil-
itary force of the United States at elections.
In 18GG there were fears of a serious disturb-
ance at the election in Baltimore, growing out
of local troubles. President Johnson was re-
quested to send United States troops thereto
preserve order, and he sent General Canby to
make an investigation. General Grant, the
General-in-Chief, was consulted by the Presi-
dent, and by his direction he made a report. In
thatreport, after discussing the circumstances
of the case and the general question of the pro-
priety of using the military force of the Fed-
eral Government in the local affairsof a State,
he goes on to say :
"The conviction is forced on my mind that no
reason now exi.-ts forgiving or promising the mili-
tary aid of the Government to support the laws of
Maryland. The tendency of giving such aid or
promise would be to produce the very result in tended
to be averted. So far there seems to bo merely a very-
bitter contest for political ascendancy in the State.
Military intcrferencewouid be interpreted as giving
aid to one of the factions, no mutter how pure the
intentions or how guarded and just the instructions."
This is excellent; wisely conceived and well
expressed. The words that follow, true, ner-
vous, concise, are even moie directly to the
point. I pray the Senate to hear them :
" It is a contingency I hope never to see arise in
this country while I occupy the position of General-
in-Chief ot the Army, to have to send troops into a
Srate in full relations with theGeneral Government
on the eve of an election, to preserve the peace. If
insurrection does come, the law provides the method
of calling out forces to suppress it."
All honor for those noble words. " It is a
contingency," says the distinguished soldier
still the General in-Chief of our armies, not
yet President, still less a candidate for reelec-
tion, " it is a contingency I hope never to see
arise in this country while I occupy the position
of General-in-Chief of the Army, to have to
send troops into a State in full relations with
the General Government 011 the eve of an
election, to preserve the peace I"
Ah, sir, how brief was his virtue; how
unstable was his adherence to doctrines so
sound, expressed with a soldier's point and
energy! He had not been in the presi-
dential chair two years, when in 1870 he did
the very thing which he hoped he might never
see in this country. He did ''send troops
into a State in full relations with the Gen-
eral Government, on the eve of an election,
to preserve the peace." No, sir, not even
"to preserve the peace," for 110 breach of
the peace was threatened. Without even the
pretense of preserving the peace, General
Grant, the President, sent troops into Penn-
sylvania and New York, both of them States
"in full relations with the General Govern-
ment"—two States which, far, very far, more
than any other two, for they were far greater
than any other two, bore " on Atiantean
shoulders" the weight of the mightiest civil
war of ancient or modern times.
Sir, I appeal from Ulysses S. Grant the
President aud candidate for reelection to
Ulysses S. Grant the soldier and the General-
in-Chief of our armies before any thought
of the Presidency had "'filed his mind."
I ask nothing better than his own words,
delivered under full official sanction and
responsibilities. Nothing stronger can be
found in condemnation of his military opera-
tions in New York and Philadelphia I feel
as if I need not have troubled the Senate with
another word 011 the subject. In his report
as I have citpd it he has made his own record.
By that he is forever estopped. By that he
is condemned out of his own mouth. Upon
that I demand the judgment of the country.
Mr. President, many more things I might say
on this great and living topic of the freedom
of the elections from military interference,
but I refrain. I am admonished by Time's
warning finger upon the dial that the hour
is nigh when by unanimous consent general
debate on the pending measure and amend-
ments is to close. We see now, and have seen
almost ever since General Grant's accession
to the Presidency, a strange anomaly. In this
land which claims to be the freest in the world
we see the Federal military power everywhere
in the administration of our Government.
Under one measure or another—your enforce-
ment bills, your Ku Klux bill, with its atro-
cious suspension of the habeas corpus, even
your revenue system—the Federal military
power overshadows the country. Under some
pretext, or without one, its encroachments
have already left scarce a foot of ground
which it does not contest with the States.
Day after day the men in power at Wash-
ington claim and frequently they exercise the
power to enter any State with the forces of
the United -States and practically to interfere
in or to absorb the administration of its Gov-
ernment, even in matters of local concern,
such as respect the security of person and prop-
erty, power over which is essential to the very
existence of the State. The final step is to
assail free elections in the States, and that
step you have taken. Who can tell how long
this is to last, or when or how it is to end?
Despotic Governments may exist, half mil-
itary and half civil, or almost wholly military.
A republican Government cannot so long exist.
Already by the constant intrusion of the Fed-
eral military power into thelocal affairs of the
States, our Government is fast becoming prac-
tically a military Government as much so as
that of Prussia was twenty-five years ago,
or as that of Russia still is. That a mili-
tary despotism should exist, and for a long
period, we can comprehend. Military force and
despotism are natural allies. One is the
necessary complement of the other. A mili-
tary republic is a contradiction in terms, and
must speedily become an impossibility in fact
by ceasing to exist. The arbitrary will and
brutal temper of the camp will not long suffer
popular liberiy even in its most modified form.
Yet, my faith is that we have seen the worst,
and that the day of our deliverance is nigh.
Dark though the prospect is it has been much
darker. The horizon begins to brighten. I
hail with joy the movement which now per-
vadt s the body—the majority, I believe—of
the American people. It indicates a temper
of mind far other than when these enorm-
ous proceedings in New Y7ork and Philadelphia
were taken by the President.
I believe there is a quickening of the public
conscience. I believe that the old American
spirit of freedom, which all the dreary seven
years past was not dead but sleeping, has
awakened at last. I believe that all is not lost,
because I believe in the people, in their honest
purpose, their hatred ot wrong, their will to
do right if they but see how. It is the only
hope I have. Without that I can see noth-
ing in the future for this country but that
worst of all bad governments—a government
which steals the forms and modes of freedom
to install and maintain a despotism.
