1872.
THE COJSTGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
2533
bills from the Committee 011 the District of
Columbia, and I think it very strange that
the Senator from California, though 1 know
his devotion to his duty as chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, should try to
displace that committee at this time. There
is certainly one bill after this that ought to be
considered to-day, and I am satisfied we can
pass this bill in a few moments.
Mr. COLE. The chairman of the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia finished the
bills in his immediate charge within the time
he specified ; that is, within an hour from the
time he commenced this morning; and I sup-
posed those were about all the bills from the
committee.
Mr. SUMNER. I will remind the Senator
that there is still another bill, which I had the
honor of reporting, and which we expect to
have considered.
Mr. COLE. That committee has passed a
good many bills to-day.
Mr. SUMNER. But this day was set apart
for this committee, and why does my friend
try to defeat the assignment that was made ?
Mr. COLE. To be sure it was assigned,
but always, as the Senator will remember,
with the understanding that the appropria-
tion bills were to be considered when there
was any running over of the lime. I am not
disposed to crowd the District Committee,
but if this bill be not disposed of immediately
I shall be compelled to interpose a motion.
Of course I shall be glad to have it disposed
of, but if it ca'mot be in a short time, I think
the Senate had better proceed with the appro-
priation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California make any motion ?
Mr. SAWYER. I trust the Senator will not.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I merely wish
to make a remark on this question. I do not
see the constitutional difficulty which has
been suggested here.
Mr. COLE. If the Senator rises to debate
that question 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Certainly, that
is the subject, before the Senate.
Mr. COLE. I am speaking of the subject
before the Senate.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. 1 shall not oc-
cupy more than a minute or two.
llr. COLE. I will yield to the Senator;
but I hope that we s{iall get through with this
bill in a few moments.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I think, per-
haps, my suggestion may relieve the question
of the difficulty, and we can go on with the bill.
1 do not think that the constitutional difficulty
which has been suggested exists. That opinion
of course 1 express with great deference to the
opinion of others. The Constitution is formed
for a Federal Government. It is formed for
the purpose of administering the laws in har-
mony with the State laws, and subordinate to
those rights which are reserved to the States.
The whole Constitution, in my opinion, is
drawn in reference to that Federal character
of legislation, and to the exercise of govern-
mental powers.
When, however, the Constitution puts this
ten miles square under the. government of Con-
gress, it puts it under the municipal govern-
mentof Congress, an entirely different kind of
government, adifferent exercise of power: and
t find that that is the view which lias been taken
by the Supreme Court of the United States.
They make just that distinction which I have
suggested. This question came up before the
Supreme Court in the case ot Bennerus. Porter,
(9 flowird,) 244, where Justice Nelson uses
this language:
"Congress must not only ordain and establish in-
ferior courts within a State and prescribe the juris-
diction. but the judges appointed to administer
thorn must possess the constitutional tenure of office
before they can become invested with any portion
of tho judicial power of the Union. There is no
exception to this rule in the Constitution. The ter-
ritorial courts, therefore, were not courts m which
the judicial power conferred by the Constitution on
the Federal Government could be deposited. They
were incapable of receiving it, as the tenure oftbe
incumbents was but four years. Neither were tliey
organized by Congress underthe Constitution,as the.v
were invested with powers and jurisdiction which
that power was incapable of conferring upon a court
within the limits of a State."
I think the sanj.e distinction runs between
the Federal courts ill the States and the courts
established by Congress in the Territories, for
the reason which is given by Justice Nelson in
this opinion.
Mr. SAWYER. I hope we shall now have
a vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator frotn Maine.
iVIr. FI
What is the
'ERRY, of Connecticut.
amendment?
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is in
section four, lines two and three, to strike out
the words "shall be selected from the mem-
bers of the bar in the District of Columbia,
and.''
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I buggent that four years
is long enough for these persons to hold office.
Six years is too long a time to put a man in
office. I therefore move, if it is in order, to
amend the amendment in section four, line
three, by striking out "six" and inserting
"four," so as to make the term four years.
That is long enough.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I hope thatamendment
will not be made. Six years is t.he term of a
Senator, and I think a judge should hold his
office at least as long.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the Secretary to read
the first portion of the section as it now stands.
The Chief Clerk read as fo llows :
Sec. 4. That tho judges shall hold office for the
term of four years, one of whom shall be designated
in his commission as tho presiding judge.
Mr. BAYARD. That is all I desire to have
read.
Mr. SAWYER. If the Senator from Del-
aware will allow me a moment, it is not very
good English as it reads now. " that the judges
shall hold office for the term of four years, one
of whom shall be designated in h's commis-
sion as the presiding judge." I suggest that
the language be changed so as to read, " and
one of them shall be designated in his com-
mission as the presiding judge." It is a mere
verbal amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thatamend-
ment will be considered as agreed to if there
be no objection. It is agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. After the word "judges,"
in the first line of that section, I move to
insert the words " shall be persons learned
in the law, and so that it will read:
That the judges shall be persons learned in the
law, and shall hold office for the term of four
years, &c.
Mr. SUMNER. I will only remark that
there seems to be a limitation upon the appoint-
ing power.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. There ought
to be.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no doubt about
it; but then we have been reminded here
that we could not put any limitation upon
the appointing power.
Mr. HAMLIN and others. Oh, no.
Mr. SUMNER. It has been argued here
that we could not require that the judge
should be a member of the bar of the Dis-
trict of Columbia. I think that one limit-
ation is just as constitutional as the other,
and I have no doubt that both are constitu-
tional.
Mr. BAYARD. The appointing power is
created by this bill, and I see no reason why
the discretion should not be imposed upon the
power at the time you create it. Certainly
Congress in exercising the thorough jurisdic-
tion given to it by the Constitution, exclusive
jurisdiction in all eases whatsoever in ref-
erence to the legislation of this District, can
circumscribe the appointing power. You may
accompany that grant with any condition, and
there could be no condition more wholesome
than the one I have proposed; which is oiie
made in the interest especially of the ignorant,
the poor, and the helpless, that when tiiey are
to seek the benefit of the laws, they shall at
least have them interpreted by men who have
some knowledge of them, and not have the
scandals in the shape of judicial performance
which this District has so constantly witnessed.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Delaware.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. CARPENTER. I have not the slight-
est desire to delay the passage of this bill, and
1 shall not make myself miserable whether it
passes in one form or the other ; but inasmuch
as this constitutional question has been raised
here, it is due to the Constitution, to which 1
'■ continue, and shall continue to pay a passing
| respect, that tbe point should not pass without
at least some man's stating it for the benefit
of the antiquarian of the next generation.
[Laughter.] I refer now to the case of Mar-
bury vs. Madison, (1 Cranch, 137,) which arose,
as the Senate will recollect, upon the appoint-
ment of a justice of the peace for the District
of Columbia. Nobody questioned that he was
a judical officer of the United States; nobody
questioned that his appointment was regulated
by the provisions of the Constitution which
applied to the appointing power of officers of
the United States; and Chief Justice Mar-
shall thus states the provisions of the Consti-
tution and law which are applicable to the
case, being the appointment of a justice of the
peace in the District of Columbia :
"The second section of tho second article of the
Constitution declares that 'the Presidentshall nom-
inate, and, by and with the advice and conscnt«of the
Senate, shall appoint embassadors, other public
ministers and consuls, and all other officers of the
United States whose appointments are not otherwise
provided for/
"The third section declares that 'ho shall com-
nuwAon all the oflicers of the United States.'
"An act of Congress directs the Secretary of State
to keep the seal of the United States; ' to make out
and record and affix the said seal to all civil com-
missions to officers of the United States, to be ap-
pointed by the President, by and with the consent
of the Senate, or by the President alone: Provided,
That the said seal shall not be affixed to any com-
mission before the same shall have been signed by
the President of the United States/
"These are the clauses of the Constitution and
laws of the United States which affect this part of
tho case. They seem to contemplate three distinct
operations;
"1. The nomination. This is the sole act of the
President, and is completely voluntary.
"2. The appointment. This is also the act of the
President, and is also a voluntary act, though it can
only be performed by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate.
"3. The commission. To arrant a commission to a
person h ppointed might, perhaps, be deemed a duty
enjoined by the Constitution, 'lie shall/ says that
instrument, 'commission all the officers of the Uni-
ted States.'"
That case proceeded from beginning to end
upon the theory that a justice of the peace of
the District of Columbia was a justice of the
peace for the United States; that in his office
he exercised the power of the United States,
and nobody questioned it. The Chief Justice
says the provision of the Constitution appli-
cable to this subject is that the President shaii
nominate and by and with the advice of the
Senate appointall officers of the United States.
That section would have no application to the
case whatever if the provision as to legisla-
tion over this District being exclusive over-
rode the Constitution in all its other provisions.
Congress might provide that these judges
should be appointed by the marshal of the
District or by anybody else if our power is
absolute. The Constitution provides how Con-
gress shall exercise, and how tho United States
shall exercise every particle of power which
is conferred upon it: and whether that power
