742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 81,
of laws, and the like. That is what Webster
says. In other words, a syndic is an agent to
do business as sueh for a Government or body
of men, or a corporation or otherwise.
Mr. WOOD. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman from Tennessee whether, under his
construction, the Secretary of the Treasury
had power to appoint agents in Europe to
negotiate this loan.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, as I was unable
to agree with the majority of the Committee
of Ways and Means in the report submitted
by the chairman last week, relative to the
legality of the arrangement entered into by
the Secretary of the Treasury with Jay Cooke
& Co., and their associates, known as the syn-
dicate, in the refunding of a portion of the
first $200,000,000 of the bonded debt of the
United States, under the act of July 14,1870,
I have thought it best to state the reasons for
my dissent to the House, as the action taken
on the report and resolution submitted will
doubtless govern the action of the Secretary
in the disposition of the remaining $1,300,000,-
000 which by that act he is authorized to put
upon the market, so that our determination of
the question has a far greater significance than
the mere vindication of the past action of the
Secretary, however desirable that may be re-
garded. I do not desire in this matter to seek
any party advantage; I certainly would not
knowingly do the Secretary injustice ; indeed,
1 regret that it became my duty to investigate
the matter, as it was a subject entirely new to
me, and one to which I had not given as much
consideration heretofore as perhaps I ought.
The resolution submitted by the House to
the committee is as follows:
"Whereas it is allowed that the Secretary of the
Treasury, in pltioim? the newly authorized five per
cent, bonds upon the market, has, in deliance of the
law creating them, increased the public bonded debt,
and has oxcocded tho ono half of one per cent,
allowed by ihoUnidinguot. for ail exponses in placing
said loan: Therefore,
Jtevuhftl, Thattlio Commil tee of Wn.> h and Means
be directed to investigate the said transactions, and
have power to send for persons and papers, and
to report the amount of such meieaso of the bonded
debt, if any, tho njrents employed and paid by him
for tho services rendered, all contracts pertaining to
the same, and the sums paid to said agents.
The only evidence taken by the commit-
tee was that of the Secretary and .Jay Cooke,
whose statements are attached to tho report
of tho majority, and the only" sections of
existing laws which it i.-i necessary to consider
specially are the following:
Section forty-live of the general banking law,
approved June .'S. 1804, makes the only pro-
vision which need be referred to, prior to the
act of July 34, 1870. It. reads as follows:
"That all associations under this act, when des-
ignated for that purposo by the Secretary of tho
Treasury, shall be depositories of public money,
except leceipts from customs, under such regula-
tions us maybe prescribed by the Hooiotary ; and they
may also he employed as financial of the Gov-
ernment.; nnd they shall perform allsueh reasonable
duties, as depositories ol public moneys and finan-
cial agents of tho Government, as may bo required
of them. And the Secretary of the Treasury shall
require of the associations thus designated satisfac-
tory security, by the deposit of United States bonds
andotherwise, for the safe-keeping and prompt pay-
ment of the public monoy deposited with them, and
for the faithful performance of their duties as finan-
cial agents ot the Government.."
The act of .luly 14, 1870, which provides for
the issue of the new three per cent, bonds in
its first section, provides as follows in sections
two and four:
" Skc.2. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is hereby authorized to sell and
dispose ot any oi the bonds issued under this act, at
not less than their par value for coin, and to apply
the proceeasthereof to tho redemption of any of the
bonds of the United States outstanding, and known
as five-twenty bunds, at their parvaluo, or he may
exchange the samo for such five-twenty bonds, par
for par; but the bonds hereby authorized shall be
used for no other purpose whatsoever. And a sum
not exceeding ono ha lf of one per cent, of the bonds
herein authorized is hereby appropriated to pay tho
expense of preparing, issuing, advertising, and dis-
posing of the same." '* ■* * * *
"Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is hereliv authorized, with any
coin m the Treasury of the United States which he
may lawfully apply to such purpose, or which he
may derive from the sale of any of the bonds the
issue of which is provided for in this act, to pay at
par and cancel any six per cent, bonds of the united
States of the kind known a,s the five-twenty bonds,
which have become, or shall hereafter become, re-
deemable by the terms of theirissue. But the par-
ticular bonds so to be paid and caneelcd shall in
all cases be indicated and specified by class, date,
and number in the order of their issue and numbers,
beginning with the first numbered and issued, in
public notice to be given by the Secretary of the
Treasury, and in three months after the date of such
public notice the interest on the bonds so selected
and advertised to be paid shall cease."
I agree substantially with the majorityinthe
opinion that a temporary increase of the bonds
of the United States was inevitable if the debt
was refunded in any other way than by exchang-
ing the bonds authorized to be issued by the
act of July 14,1870, for five-twenty bonds "par
for par and as the Secretary was expressly
authorized by the second section of that act "to
sell and dispose of any of the bonds issued
under this act, at not less than their par value
for coin, and to apply the proceeds thereof to
the redemption of any of the bonds of the Uni-
ted States outstanding and known as five-twenty
bonds at their par value," it followed that he
had the right to sell the new bonds before he
redeemed those outstanding, which neces-
sarily increased the numberatid amount of the
"bonded debt of the United States" from the
time of the sale until a corresponding number
or amount of five-twenties were redeemed with
the proceeds of those sold.
It seems to me, therefore, that the following
language used at the close of the first section
of the act, to wit, "but nothing in this act or
in any other law now in force shall be con-
strued to authorize any increase whatever of
the bonded debt of the United States," must
be construed, in view of the subsequent pro-
visions, as though the words "after the ex-
change or sale and redemption hereinafter
authorized is completed" had beeu added.
But 1 do not agree that the increase of
$135,000,000 in the bonded debt of the coun-
try, which did take place in the transaction
which we are considering—a considerable
portion of which increase still continues—was
either necessary or proper; and I am further
of opinion that the contract entered into by
the Secretary with Jay Cooke & Co. (for the
syndicate) was not authorized by law, and
gave these gentlemen an unnecessary and
improper control of the funds of the Govern-
ment for the purpose of private gain, which
Congress ought not to sanction, or establish
as a precedent, which will authorize the pres-
ent or any future Secretary to adopt it in the
disposition of the remaining $1,300,000,000
of the bonds directed to be sold. I propose
as brielly as I can to state the facts which,
under the laws 1 have stated, have led me to
these conclusions.
The Secretary of the Treasury in his report
to Congress, dated December 4, 1871, after
showing that $'200,000,000 of the five percent,
loan was put upon the market on the 6th of
March, 1871, says:
".On the 1st of August the subscriptions amounted
to ¥65,(75,500, chiefly by the national banks."
He stated before the committee that com-
missions of one fo:irth of one per cent, were
allowed to the banks on the amount subscribed
as above stated, and no arrangement or con-
tract, so far as appears, was made whereby
they were authorized to hold the money they
had subscribed for this $65,775,500, for any
length of time. The Secretary said in his evi-
dence before the committee, when speaking
of this $65,775,500 subscription, that the banks
exchanged six per cents for five per cents.
The Secretary says further :
" Under date of July 11,1871, a dispatch was re-
ceived from Hon. William A. Richardson, Assistant
Secretary of the Treasury, then m London, stating
that certain bankers in Europe proposed to take the
remainder of tho $200,01)0,000 of five per cents upon
certain conditions. This proposition was considered
and modified, and early in August an agreement
was made with Messrs. Jay Cooke &, Co., represent-
ing bankers in Europe and the United States."
This will, I think, satisfy the chairman of
the committee that he was mistaken in his
statement just made.
Mr. DAWES. I do not desire to conceal
the fact that bankers in Europe largely partici-
pated in this loan.
Mr. BECK. And furnished the money.
Mr. DAWES. I do not desire to conceal
the fact that it was known probably to the
Secretary of the Treasury, that what induced
Jay Cooke & Co. to make the offer was that
they and others in this country had agreed to
take large amounts of it. But the Secretary
very wisely, as 1 think, had his dealings solely
with those whom the law of the land designated
as our financial agents.
Mr. BECK. The sentences I am now about
to read from the report will enable the House
to understand exactly how that was done:
" By the terms of tho agreement, the parties rep-
resented by Messrs. Jay Cooke & Co. hnd the right
to subscribe for tho remainder of the $200,000,000 of
said bonds, by giving notice thereof at any time pre-
vious to the 1st of April next, and by subscribing for
$10,000,000 at once, and for an average of at lenst
$5,000,000 of bonds per month during the intervening
time, subject to the right of the national banks to
subscribe for $50,000,000 within sixty days from the
25th day of August.
" It was also agreed that the subscriptions should
all be made through national banks, and certificates
of deposit therefor issued by said banks to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, bonds to be lodged with the
Treasurer of the United States for the amount of the
deposit. By a printed circular issued on the lOch of
August, 1871, it was announced that national banks
making or obtaining subscriptions, payable in coin,
would bedesignated bytheSecretary of thoTreasury
as depositaries of public money, on the usual condi-
tion of placing in the hands of the Treasurer of tho
United States bonds of the United States for the
security of such deposits; and that at the com-
mencement of each month notice would be given of
the redemption of an amount of bonds equal to tho
amount of subscriptions in coin for the preceding
month, interest to coasein ninety days frointhedate
of such notice.
"It was also stated in the circular that, as the bonds
called should mature, the deposits would be drawn
from the soveral banks proportionately.
44 It was further agreed that tho subscribers to the
loan should receive as commissions whatever might
remain of the half of ono per cent, allowed by law
upon the $200,000,000 after paying the co?t of paper
for the bonds, for engraving, printing, advertising,
delivery, and all other expenses of the same.
" Under this agreement the books were opened in
this country and in Europe, and by the last of
August subscriptions were obtained for the entire
amount offered.
"On the 1st of September public notice was given
that certain five-twenty bonds, to the amount of
$100,000,000 of the issue of 1862, specified by number
as nearly as was practicable, according to the pro-
visions of the act of July 14, 1870, would be paid
on the 1st of December, and that the interest
would cease on that date. Of the bonds &o called,
more than eighty million dollars are now in the
possession of the Department of which amount:
$17,000,000 have been paid in coin, and the remain-
der have been received or deposited in exchange
for the five per cent, bonds."
The circular of August 10, referred to
above, contained the further provision, which
is not stated in the report of the Secretary:
"A commission of one eighth of one per cent, will
be allowed upon all subscriptions made or obtained
by national banks."
And it did not contain what is stated in his
report, that—
"It was further agreed that tho subscribers to
the loan should receive as commissions whatever
might remain of the half of one per cent, allowed
by law on the $200,000,000,. after paying the co&t of
paper," &c.
Desiring to be accurate as to the facts, I
called on the Treasurer, and, in company with
my colleague on the committee, [Mr. Kerr,]
upon the Secretary, and was informed by both
that bonds were, or will be, issued for all
that portion of the $200,000,000 subscribed
for after August 1, 1871, with interest cou-
pons attached from August 1, 1871; and the
bank by or through which the subscription
was made will be charged with an amount
equal to the interest from the 1st day of
August to the date of the subscription. For
example: if the Treasury Department was
notified on the 15th day of August. 1871, that
the First National Bank of Washington had
subscribed for $20,000,000 of the five per
cent, bonds, that bank would receive bonds for
$20,000,000, with interest coupons attached,
