4326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
to suspend the rules and pass this bill as it
came from the Senate. "
Mr. HOLMAN. If the House does not
suspend the rales will this bill be open to
amendment?
The SPEAKER. It would be open to any
motion to suspend the rules and pass it with
an amendment.
The qusstion being taken on the motion to
suspend the rules and pass the bill, it was
agreed to; there being—ayes eighty-one, noes
not counted.
JULIA BBLIE DUNLAP.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 599) granting a pension
to Julia Belle Dunlap; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place on the pension-roll,
subject to the provisions and limitations of
the pension laws, the name of Julia Belle
Dunlap, only minor child of James E. Dun-
lap, late lieutenant colonel of the twenty-ninth
regiment Illinois volunteers, and pay her at
the rate of thirty dollars per month from and
after the 6th day of February, 1870.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed,
two thirds voting in favor thereof.
JOHN B. ROSE.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 858) granting a pension
to John B. Rose, of Indiana ; which was read
a first and*second time.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place on the pension-roll,
subject to the provisions and limitations of
the pension laws, the name of John B. Rose,
of Indiana, a lieutenant in the fifteenth regi-
ment of United States infantry in the war of
1812 with Great Britain.
The bill was ordered to bo engrossed and
read a third lime ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed,
two thirds voting in favor thereof.
MAKOARBT NKI,80N.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S, No. 1119) granting a pension
to Margaret Nelson; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Margaret
Nelson, widow of John Nelson, late private
in company H, seventeenth United States in-
fantry, and to pay her a pension from the
parage of the act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and pasBed,
two thirds voting in favor thereof.
CALVIN A. LAWS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1113) granting a pension
to Calvin A. Laws; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place on the pension-roll,
subject to the provisions and limitations of
the pension laws, the name, of Calvin A. Laws,
late captain company K, one hundred and
thirty-second regiment Illinois volunteers, and
to pay him a captain's pension from the pas-
sage of the act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed,
two thirds voting in favor thereof.
MEDICAL AND SURQICAL HISTORY.
The next business on the Speakers's table
was the bill (S. No. 1182) for the completion
and publication of the Medical and Surgical
History of the Rebellion; which was read a
first and second time, and referred, under the
law, to the Committee on Printing.
UNITED STATUS OFFICERS IN NEBRASKA.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 699) fixing the salaries of
the United States attorney and United States
marshal for the district of Nebraska; which
was read a'first and second time.
The bill provides that the United States
district attorney and United States marshal
for the district of Nebraska shall, in addition
to their stated fees, be paid annually by the
United States $200 each, in full compensa-
tion for all extra services, said payment to be
made quarterly at the Treasury of the United
states.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed,
two thirds voting in favor thereof.
IOWA LAND TITLHS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 986) to settle land titles in
the State of Iowa; which was taken up and
read a first and second time.
Mr. ORR. I move that that bill be put on
its passage.
'1 he bill was read in extenso.
Mr. KETCHAM. I move that bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
The SPEAKER. The first question is on
the suspenson of the rules and passage of the
bill.
Mr. McCRARY. I desire to move an
amendment.
Mr. OKR. I will yield for that purpose.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out nil of section four, after tho word
" shall, " in lino three, unit insert tbeso words, " ro-
port tho facta to CotiKross with any recommendation
which ho tuny doom proper in the promises."
Mr. RANDALL. Has this bill ever been
before the Committee on the Public Lands?
The SPEAKER. It is a Senate bill and
comes before the House for the first time. The
question is on suspending the rules and pass-
ing the bill with an amendment.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. The same
question is under consideration in the House
and I hope it will be referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands.
So (two thirds not having voted in the affirm-
ative) the rules were not suspended, and the
bill was not passed.
Mr. KETC1IAM. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands with
the amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
CHARLES J. FAULKNBR.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 142) to relieve Charles J.
Faulkner, of West, Virginia, from the legal
and political disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States; which was taken up and read
a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that (two
thirds of each House concurring therein) the
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States
by reason of participation in the late rebellion
be removed from Charles James Faulkner,
of West Virginia.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Is it in
order to move an amendment?
The SPEAKER. This is a bill coming
from the Senate to relieve from political dis-
abilities Charles James Faulkner, of West Vir-
ginia, and the question is on passing the bill.
The bill was passed, (two thirds having voted
in the affirmative.)
SURGICAL AND MEDICAL HISTORY OF THE WAR.
Mr. PENDLETON, from the Committee
on Printing, reported back a bill (S. No. 1132)
for the completion and publication of the Med-
ical and Surgical History of the Rebellion, with
the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of War be directed to have completed
the Medical and Surgical History of the War
by the preparation in the office of the Surgeon
General of two volumes of eighteen hundred
pages in addition to the first volume already
compiled and printed under authority of Con ,
gress, and he is authorized to have executed,
as he may deem advisable, the necessary en-
graving and lithographing therefor at an ex-
pense not to exceed $60,000, which shall be
paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
The second section provides that five thou-
sand copies each of the second and third volume
be printed and bound by the Congressional
Printer to be distributed with the first volume
already printed, as may be hereafter directed
by Congress.
Mr. PENDLETON. The following are the
estimates for ibis work :
Estimated cost of printing fioe thousand copies, (six
volumes per copy) oj the Mctiical and Survival His-
tory of the War.
Part I.
Paper, press-work, and composition $36,854 94
Binding in clotb      5,500 00
Illustrations  30.000 00
72,454 94
Parts II and III.
Composition $21,600 00
Press-work and paper  L>6 7i
Illustrations  60,000 00
Putting in plates  1,980 00
Binding in cloth  11,000 00
  128,276 71
Total for the whole work $200,631 65
Mr. IIOLMAN. Is this bill reported from
the Committee on Printing?
The SPEAKER. It is.
The bill was ordered to a third reading ; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
british bark bausar.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1099) to grant an American
register to the British bark Balear; which was
taken tip and read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of tho Treasury to issue an
American register to the American-built Brit-
ish bark Balear, recently purchased and re-
paired by Gerhard Wessels, of the city and State
of New York.
Mr. CONGER. I ask that that bill go to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HOLMAN. The bill, I understand, is
to grant registry to a foreign-built vessel. We
have adopted a very liberal policy in reference
to legislation of that kind, and I move that the
bill be passed.
Mr. RANDALL. I would ask whether the
Committee on Commerce has not now in view
some general legislation on this subject?
Mr. CONGER. In reply to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall,] I will say
that a case of this kind does not come under
the rules which the committee have adopted in
their recommendations. It belongs to a dif-
ferent class of cases, and I think the bill should
go to the committee.
The SPEAKER. The first question will be
on the motion of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Holman,] that the bill do pass.
Ihe House divided j and there were—
ayes 39, noes 17.
Mr. CONGER. Did a quorum vote ?
The SPEAKER. A quorum did not vote.
Mr. CONGER. Then I demand further
count.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and
appointed Mr. Conger and Mr. Holman.
Before the count was completed,
Mr. CONGER. I withdraw my demand for
