2534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
be exclusive, as over the District of Columbia,
or restricted to certain subjects, as in the
States, makes no difference with the nature of
the power, nor the origin and authority of it.
When a man is sent to jail in the District of
Columbia, he is sent by the authority of the
United States as well as when he is sent to jail
from the city of Milwaukee by the district
court of the United States, or in a Territory.
In each and every instance the United States
condemn the man for violating the laws of the
United States, and it is the judicial power of
the United States that sends him to prison,
and that power can only be exercised by the
judges of the United States.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I ask my friend
for information whether in that case to which
he has referred it was a life appointment?
Mr. CARPENTER. No, sir. It was for
six years, which I think sustains precisely the
distinction that I made in the outset between
a justice of the peace and judges of courts of
record ; and as that calls my attention to it,
let me return for one moment to that. The
honorable Senator from Ohio, not now in his
seat, says that I concede away the whole argu-
ment when I say a justice of the peace may be
appointed for a limited term. Wby, Mr. Presi-
dent, this Constitution is to lie construed as it
was understood:
"The judicial power of the United States shall be
vested in ouo Supreme Court, and 111 such inferior
courts ns the Congress" may lroin time to time ordain
and establish. Xho judges, both of the Suprcmeand
inferior courts, shall hold their offices during good
behavior,'' &e.
Suppose that provision was in any State con-
stitution ; would anybody understand that it
reached a justice of the peace? Not at all.
Justices ot the peace are not called courts.
They are judicial officers in a certain sense.
They are rather police officers than judicial
officers, but they are never styled nor regarded
within the classification of courts. That is
always confined to courts of record. This bill
does notcreate the office of justice of the peace.
It creates a court of record and gives it civil
and criminal jurisdiction, provides that it shall
have a seal, shall punish for contempt, and
do all the things which any other United
States court of record can do.
Now 1 have said all I care to say on the sub-
ject, and have not the slightest anxiety whether
the bill fail or pass.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to move an amend-
ment in section two, line seven, on the first
page of the hill. The clause now reads:
The bailiffs shall be appointed by the Unitod
States marshal for the District of Columbia.
I move to strike out the words "United
States marshal for the District of Columbia"
and insert the word "court."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. Now, 1 hope the bill will
be put on its passage.
Mr. BAYAltD. I move to amend the bill
oil page 6, section eleven, by striking out all
of that section down to and including the word
" detense," iu line eight. It provides for a
very loose system, if system it can be called,
of pleadings, which is fully satisfied bv section
seventeen, on page 9 ol the bill. " Section
seventeen provides—
That tho rules and practice of the supremeeourt
ol the District of Columbia shall govern the con-
duct of cases in the municipal court when applica-
ble and not inconsistent with this act or the rules
prescribed in pursuance thereof.
This eleventh section provides for the ap-
pearance of the parties, which is not at all
necessary to be provided for in this way if you
have the rules of the supreme court to guide
them. And also that—
The parties may plead as in othci case.s. Tbe
docket, shall show the substance of the pleadings
and no particular form of pleadings shall be re- '
quired, but they shall substantially state the cause j
ot action and grounds of defense. ,
Now, when it is considered that you have by j
the seventeenth section provided that the rules I
and practice in pleadings shall be the same as
in the supreme court of the District, which are
already well known and perfectly established,
and when the supreme court of the District is
the court of direct appeal from this court, it
will easily be seen that it would be very un-
wise to establish a system of pleadings or rules
of practice for the inferior court that would
be very different from those of the court of
appeal. Therefore it is that I suggest the
amendment I have moved.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment to the
amendment, which was on page 6, section
eleven, after the word "that," in line one, to
strike out the following words :
Parties may appear in person or by attorney, aftd,
upon the appearance of the defendant, he shall an-
swer the plaintiff's complaint within the time pre-
scribed by the rules of the court, and the parties may
plead as in other cases. The. docket shall show the
substance of tbe pleadings, and no particular form
of pleadings shall be required, but they shall sub-
stantially state the cause of action and grounds of
defense.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. Anotheramendment strikes
me as being necessary. In the same section
it is provided that—
In actions arising out of contract, if the complain-
ant or his agent or attorney shall have filed, at the
time of bringing his action, an affidavit setting out
distinctly Ins cause of action and the sum he claims
to bo duo, exclusive of all set-offs and just grounds
of defense, and a copy thereof has been served with
the summons, he shall bo entitled to judgment for
the amount so claimed, with interest and costs,
unless the defendant or attorney shall file with his
answer an affidavit of defense denying the right of
the complainant, to the wholo or some specified part
ol his cJaim, and stating also, in precise and distinct
terms, the grounds of his defense.
. 1 propose to restrict that right to take judg-
ment ex parte upon an affidavit so filed by
striking out the words "out of contract,"
and inserting the words "upon bills, notes,
bonds, mortgages, and other instruments in
writing for the payment of money or for the
recovery of book accounts."
All these actions are brought for some
certain and calculable arithmetical amount,
whereas 
Mr. COLE. I suggest to say " contracts in
writing."
Mr. BAYARD. That would not be quite
the restriction I desire. The contract in writ-
ing might be a building contract, upon which
an exceedingly complicated class of questions,
geneially recognized in actions of covenant,
would arise, cases of an exceedingly difficult
character to ascertain, which would require
always the intervention of a jnry in order to
get at the amount. I wish to exclude cases
of that kind, and to bring it to operate upon
what you may term cases of ordinary mercan-
tile contracts such asl have specified. There-
fore X have proposed the amendment to strike
out the words " out of contract," in the eighth
line, and to .nsert in lieu thereof the words
"upon bills, notes, bonds, mortgages, and
other instruments in writing for the payment
of money or for the recovery of book
accounts."
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to inquire of my
friend from Delaware what will then be the
remedy of the party who brings his suit upon
a contract if the adverse party will not appear?
Mr. BAYARD. Then l' presume he can
obtain his judgment by default if the defend-
ant is summoned in the ordinary way. The
rules of pleading will not provide for that
if the party is brought into conrt. This is
a section which provides for a summary judg-
ment, a judgment without a hearing, and
no doubt there are cases in which it should
be granted, because the delay of a litiga-
tion where the party has no defense is cer-
tainly not a delay in the furtherance of jus-
tice. But where you have your rules of
pleading, which are now establised by the bill
and to be found in the seventeenth section,
provided to be the same as those which obtain
in the supreme court of the District, if a party
is brought into court by process and he should
make default either in appearance or in any
matter of pleading required by law, the judg-
ment by default would be regularly obtainable.
This would give the party the right to claim
judgment for want of an affidavit of defense
for an amount that is reasonable, calculable,
and I have illustrated it. Say there is a con-
tract in writing for building a row of houses,
in regard to which the defense may be of a
complicated nature; in such a case as that the
plaintiff might consider himself damnified to a
very great extent, his damage being based on
a thousand items. I would exclude that case,
because I think such judgments should only
be obtained by the intervention of a jury, and
should not be made the subject of summary
demand for which judgment should be given
upon ex parte affidavits. It will leave the
party in all this class of mercantile contracts
that I have included in my amendment enti-
tled to judgment for the want of an affidavit
of defense. In other cases, should there be
default, the party will obtain judgment under
the rules of the court relating to defaults in
pleading.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have listened to the ex-
planation of the Senator from Delaware, and
I confess I now fail to see the necessity of the
amendment which he has proposed; and yet
I think the amendment which he has proposed
will cover very nearly all of the cases, and I
do not know that it is objectionable. It does
seem to me, however, if the word "contract"
were to stand, substantial justice would be
reached by the rules of the court, and that as
it now stands in terms it only applies to such
actions as are defaulted in the regular course
under the rules of the court. But if it will
make the bill any more palatable to the Sen-
ator I shall interpose no objection to his
amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. The amendment that I pro-
pose has been found to work well in the courts
where I have had personal knowledge of the
proceedings.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. There is an amendment
which 1 think should be made in the four-
teenth section, lines four and five. That
section now reads:
That if it appear in any action instituted before
the municipal court at any time preceding trial by
the pleadings, or if it appear from the evidence of
either party on the trial that the title to lands is in
question, which title is disputed by the other party
the judge shall immediately make an entry thereof
upon the docket.
And dismiss the suit. This bill has in a
prior section deprived this court of jurisdic-
tion in matters touching the title to real estate.
I hat having been done, it occurs to me it is
not necessary to retain the words in this sec-
tion, " which title is disputed by the other
party," because if at any stage or in any way
it should appear that thp title to land is in dis-
pute, that of itself would destroy and take
from the court its jurisdiction, no matter when
that was discovered, and I do not think it
ought to rest upon the fact of the party dis*
covering it himself and then disputing it. The
court itself never should have the jurisdiction,
and originally it was not intended. I there-
fore move to strike out in the fourth and fifth
lines the words "which title is disputed by
the other party."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. There is an amendment in
the eighteenth section, line three, which I
should like to make. After the word 11 inform-
ation, " I propose to insert the words " by
indictment previously found by a grand jury."
Ihe hill as it now stands provides :
prosecution of criminal cases before
TTn iS^1^1 50urish£ll be by the attorney of the
United States lor the District of Columbia, by in-
xormation on oomplaint, under oath, without the
intervention of a jury.
Ihat I would object to. Th«re certainly
