1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4327
further count, for I find that all those gentle-
men who should protect American sbip-build-
ers are voting to admit foreign-built ships to
American registry. If. they take that course
I have no further interest in the matter.
The rules were suspended, (two-thirds hav-
ing voted in favor thereof,) aud the bill was
passed.
JOHN B. EMERSON.
The next business on the Speaker's.table was
the bill (S. No. 138) for the relief of John B.
Emerson.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to John B. Emerson,
or his legal representatives, the sum of
$25,610, to be received in full satisfaction
for any and all claims of the said John B.
Emerson for an infringement by the United
States of his letters-patent, dated March 8,
1834.
Mr. STORM. I think that bill should be
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. L. MYERS. The bill was considered
by the Committee on Patents in the Senate.
It relates entirely to a question of patents.
Mr. STORM. As I understand, it- is a ques-
tion of a claim for the infringement of a pat-
ent by the Government.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will again
report the bill.
The bill was again read.
Mr. L. MYERS. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Patents.
The motion was agreed to; and it was so
referred.
• LAW OF PATENTS AND COPYRIGHTS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 240) to amend an act to
revise, consolidate, and amend the statutes
relating to patents and copyrights.
Mr. L. MYERS. I ask that that bill be
referred to the Committee on Patents.
The motion was agreed to.
SIMEON SAVAGE.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 649) for the relief of
Simeon Savage.
The bill was read. It directs that the
letters-patent granted to Simeon Savage, a
citizen of the United States, dated the 2d of
March, 1852, and extended by the Commissioner
ot Patents for seven years from the 2d day of
March, 1866, for an improvement in machinery
for printing floor oil-cloths, extended for the
term of seven years from the 2d day of March,
1873; and the Commissioner of Patents is
hereby directed, upon the presentation of said
patent, or a certified copy thereof, to make a
certificate upon such patent or certified copy
thereof of such extension (the lawful fees being
first paid therefor) to the said Simeon Savage ;
and the Commissioner of Patents is hereby
directed to cause the same to be entered of
record in the Patent Office; and the said patent
so extended shall have the same effect in law as
if originally granted for the term extending to
the end of the term to which it is extended by
this act; provided, however, that such extended
patent shall be open to legal inquiry and decis-
ion, in the same manuer as if issued under the
general law regulating the granting of patents.
Mr. RANDALL. This is for an extension
of a patent twenty years old.
Mr. KELLOGG. This claim has been be-
fore the House Committee on Patents, and it
was unanimously agreed to, and ordered to be
reported several weeks since.
Mr. RANDALL. As I understand, the bill
is for a renewal of a patent for seven years.
The original patent dates back to 1852, which
is twenty years ago. When are we to get quit
of this?
Mr. KELLOGG. If the House will permit
me, I will give the reason why the Committee
on Patents reported on this bill favorably. For
twelve or fourteen years the patent was use-
less. Two or three companies undertook
to introduce it into use, but failed in their
experiments. It has only been of any use to
the patentee for three or four years, and he
had to drive a horse-car for a living. The
patent is for stamping oil-clotbs, and the
committee thinks it should be extended.
_ Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I think the prin-
ciple of patent extension is entirely wrong.
If a patent is worth anything, the patentee can
make enough out of it in fourteen years. If
it is not worth anything, we have no right to
give him any privilege.
The question being taken on suspending the
rules aud passing the bill, there were—ayes
thirty-eight, noes not counted.
So (two thirds not having voted in favor
thereof) the rules were not suspended.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that iho bill be
referred to the Committee on Patents.
The motion was agreed to.
SAIIAH S. STAFFORD.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1000) for the rebel ot
Sarah S. Stafford.
The bill, which was read, requires the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay to Sarah S. Staf-
ford, only daughter and surviving heir of
James Bayard Stafford, an officer in the Navy
during the revolutionary war, the aggreg*te
amount of half pay of a lieutenant in the Navy
while at sea, under the present laws of Con-
gress, for seven years, provided that the
amount hereby appropriated shall not exceed
the sum of $8,000.
Mr. HAZELTON, of N^ew Jersey. I move
that the rules be suspended and this bill
passed.
Mr. RANDALL. Is there any report accom-
panying this bill?
Mr. HAZELTON, of New Jersey. There is.
Mr. FORlvER. I have here the repoit
of the Senate Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, and I ask that it be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Mr. Pool submitted the following report to accom-
pany bill 8. No. lOGO:
The Committee on lievolutionary Claims, towbooi
was referred the memorial ot Saiah S. Stafford, tor
payment of the services ot her iatlier, Janice Bayard
Stafford, an officer in the Navy ol' the Revolution,
report:
It fully appears from the testimony before the
committee that James Bayard [Stafford entered the
Navy at the beginning ot thewarof independence,
and was ill constant and active service, and in fre-
quent battles, and remained in the service until the
close of the war; that ins ship was captured by a
British cruiser, and subsequently rccapiured by John
Paul Jones, when he volunteered in the Bon lioinme
liichard, where he received wounds, which, owing
to unskillful treatment, broke out after a time, dis-
abling both his arms.
Commodore Bariy, of the Alliance, writes that
"Lieutenant Stafford served through the whole war.
At the request of the secret committee of Congress
I sent him with a message to Henry Laurens, esq.,
a prisoner iu the Tower ot London. This duty
he performed with great fidelity and success." It
will be remembered thatCol-Hiel Laurens, ex-Presi-
dent of Congress, and embassador to Holland to ne-
gotiate lor aid in our revolutionary struggle, had
been taken prisoner and confined in the Tower of
London, as stated by Commodore Barry. The secret
committee oi Congress felt the necessity of warning
Colonel Laurens not to make any terms or accept
of any compromises which thf British might pro-
pose. This dangerous and ditlicult communication
was offered to Lieutenant Stafford, because his
patriotism had been proved by his abandonment of
aJuciative business for the naval service, his cour-
age often tested in action, while his education in
England and Ireland gavo hiui a familiarity with
localities and manners most necessary for success.
Your committee have the affidavits of many aged
persons cognizant of the above tacts, and ot the diffi-
culties of the service. Disguised as an Irish laborer,
Lieutenant Stafford walked from Wexford, in
Ireland, to London, except the short passage from
llublin to Holyhead. The log-book of an American
officer describes the fate Lieutenant Stafford would
have been subjected to, had be been captured in
this perilous undertaking. "They were marched
upon a floating machine, their bodies, legs, and arms
so ironed that they could not bend either; the ma-
chine was towed at high water to a gallows erected
by Grovernment orders; the hangman made the hal-
ters fast to the gallows, and left thorn to die at leis-
ure; that is, by inches, as the tide fell."
It has been urged against the payment of naval
service that the revolutionary Congress promised to
pay the Army only. This cannot be proved to be
other than an omission, aud is no reason why merito-
rious services should not be rewarded by us. Your
committee believe that the sufferings and perils
endured by Lieutenant Stafford in the Navy were
equal to those undergone by any officer in the'
Army.
Toshowhow much was received by the Navy in
the way of prize-money, it should be remembered
that only one third was allowed to the captors. By
far the greater number of the prizes were sunk or
burned as a matter of necessity. Sixty valuable
merchantmen were abandoned to secure the Serapis
for the use of the naval service. It was long be-
fore the^ prize money was distributed. In the in-
stance of the Serapis, just referred to, the money
was not ordered to be paid uutil the year 1837, when
butfew of the captors were lett to receive it.
Lieutenant Stafford was a volunteer in the world-
renowned action ot the Richard ; his name, there-
fore,_ was not on the rolls, and his daughter can
receive no prize-mouey under the law.
Congress annually appropriates money for secret
service which requiie- neither patriotism, great
ability, or involves any danger. The pay for such
service is always in proportion to the ability re-
quired and the hazards to be encountered.
In consideration of Lieutenant Stafford's naval
service throughout the war; of his wound; of the
secret services rendered, for all of which he never
received any paj ment or prize-money,your commit-
tee decide that the prayer ot the petitioner should
be granted, and report a bill accordingly.
Mr. HIBBARD. Is there a report from
any committee of this House on this bill?
Mr. PETERS. Oil, let it go; the old lady
is in the gallery auxiously waiting for this bill
to pass. [Laughter.]
The rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in favor thereof,) and the bill was passed.
Mr. PETERS. There, old lady, your bill
has passed.
[An elderly lady, who had been sitting in the
front seat in the ladies' gallery, here rose up,
and leaning forward, waved her handkerchief
for some moments and was greeted with laugh-
ter and applause from the lloor of ths House.]
HAliRIKT SPRING.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 905, for the relief of
Harriet Spring, the heir of Captain Williams
Barker, deceased.
The bill, which was read, provides for pay-
ing to Harriet Spring, of Waterville, Maine,
the heir of Captain Williams Barker, of Water-
ville, Maine, the half pay of a captain from
the end of the revolutionary war to the death
of Captain Williams Barker, February 19,
1819, and that? a warrant be issued to the said
Harriet Spring for such bounty land as she is
entitled to receive in virtue of the services of
the said Captain Williams Barker, deceased,
as a private soldier in said war.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is there any report accom-
panying tliis bill V
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
that five members in the House heard this bill
read ; he thinks not.
[There was considerable confusion in the
House consequent upon the demonstration
following the passage of the last bill.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not know that, after
the precedent we have just set, this bitl should
he very severely criticised. But that was the
first bill of this class that we have passed for
many years.
The SPEAKER. This bill was reported
some time since from the Committee of
Claims of this House. It will be again read.
The bill was again rpad.
Mr. HOLMAN. The Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims is the proper committee to
consider this bill, for that committee is famil-
iar with the whole subject. Forty years ago
this subject arrested a great deal of atten-
tion.
Mr. PETERS. This bill was reported from
the Committee of Claims some time ago by my
colleague, [Mr. Fit ye,] who is now absent. He
assured me that the bill was a proper one and
ought to pass. I will ask that the bill be re-
stored to its place on the Speaker's table till
iiis return.
No objection was made, and it was ordered
accordingly.
JAMES D. WILLOOGHBY.
. The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 1143, for the relief of
