1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3431
Mr. CASSERLY. What I mean is, can the
bill be debated five minutes at this stage?
The PRESIDING-OFFICER. The Chair
thinks not at this stage.
Mr. ANTHONY. The bill cannot be de-
bated at ail.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. So the Chair
understands.
Mr. CASSERLY. What motion is now in
order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
cannot be amended except by unanimous con-
sent. It may be laid on the table or post-
poned, or any motion of that character may
be made; but the bill cannot be amended.
Mr. STOCKTON, (to Mr. Cassebly.) You
can move to amend the title.
Mr. CASSERLY. The title cannot be
amended until the bill is passed.
Mr. TRUMBDLL. If the Senator wants to
speak five minutes I hope he will be allowed
to do so.
. Mr. EDMUNDS. I think the Senator from
Illinois called me to order for speaking out of
time.
Mr, TRUMBULL. I merely reminded the
Senator; but I promised not to make any
quesiion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Except by
unanimous consent the Senator from Califor-
nia cannot discuss the bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. There is one amend-
ment to this bill that I should like to hear read,
and that was the amendment of the Senator
from Indiana in regard to the appointment by
the circuit judge of a district judge or judges
in his circuit to act in his place under certain
circumstances.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment referred to will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
That the third section of the aot to which this is
on amendment be so amended as to authorize each
of the judges of the circuit courts of the United
States to appoint, one or more of the judges of the
district courts of the United States within his cir-
cuit to discharge the duties contemplatod by this
act and the act to which it is an amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. Is it in order to amend
that? ["No!"]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not.
The bill cannot be amended at this stage. The
question is on the passage of the bill, upon
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. ROBERTSON. O'n this bill 1 am paired
with the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Sauls-
buky.] If he were here liewould vote " nay,"
and I should vote "yea."
Mr. CHANDLER. On this bill and all ques-
tions connected with it I have been paired with
the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am requested by the
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Schurz] to say
that he is paired with the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Sumxer.] If the Senator from
Missouri were here he would vote against the
bill, and the Senator from Massachusetts for it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 86, nays IV; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Amos, Anthony. Boreman, Cald-
well. Carpenter, Clayton, Cole, Oorbett, Crugin, J*.d-
muncK Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Frehnghuy-
sen, Hamlin. Howe, Keiiogs, Logan, Morn 11 of
Maine, JSlornll of Vermont, Morton, r.ye, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Poul, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice.Sawyer, bcott,
Sherman. Spencer, Stewart, West, Wilson,Windom,
and Wright—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn. Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Davis of West Virginia, Goldthwaite, Hamilton 01
Maryland, Hamiltonot'Texas, Johnston,Kelly? .Nor-
wood, Ransom, Sprague, Stevenson, Stockton, xhur-
man, and Trumbull—17. ^ , .
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Brownlow,. Bucking-
ham, Cameron, Chandler. Conkhng, Davis of Avea-
tucky, Fenlon, Ferry of Connecticut, Gilbert, Har-
lan, Hill, Hitchcock, Lewis, Patterson, Robertson,
Saulsbury, Schurz, Sumner, Tipton, and VJck-
ers—21.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. KELLOGG". I move to amend the
title by inserting at the end of the title the
words " approved the 28th of February, 1871."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not care to inter-
fere with it, but I think those long titles are very
objectionable. It is simply an amendment to
the act to enforce the right to vote, and to say
that would be sufficient.
Mr. MORTON. I think that is sufficient.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection,
but I merely suggest that a short title saying
that this is a bill amendatory of the various
acts, if there are several, relating to the right
to vote, would be sufficient.
Mr. KELLOGG. I will state to the Senator
from Illinois that that would suit him just as
well, but it would not suit the friends of the
bill; for the way the title stands now it is no
bill at all. It is essential that these words
should be inserted.
^ Mr. CASSERLY. I think that the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Louisiana is conclu-
sive about the friends of the bill. They have
had all that they wanted pretty much thus far,
and I thiuk the Senator from Illinois ought
not to interpose any objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The friends of any bill
generally get all they want if they stick.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not make any
objection.
The amendment to the title was agreed to,
so as to makeit read : " A bill to amend an
act entitled ' An act to amend an act approved
May 31, 1870, entitled il An act to enforce the
rights of citizens of the United Slates to vote in
the several States of the Union, and for other
purposes," ' approved February 28, 1871."
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That James M. Ellison lni,ve leave to
withdraw from the lilcs of the Senate his petition
and papers.
maky ann montgomery victo.
Several messages were received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Portbr,
his Secretary.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following veto message :
To the Senate of the United States:
I have the honor to return herewith the bill (S.
No. 955) entitled " Anaet granting a pension to Mary
Ann Montgomery, widow of William W. Montgom-
ery, late captain in Texan vulunteci.V without my
approval, inasmuch as the concluding phrase, "and
in rcspeet to her minor children under sixteen years
of age," has obviously no meaning whatsoever.
If it were the intention of the tramer of the bill
that the pension thereby granted should revert to
said minor children upon the remaniage or death
of the widow, the phi use referred to should road as
follows: "and in the event of her remarriage or
death, to her minor children under sixteen years of
age." I therefore return the bill for proper action.
IT. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion, il/a?yl4,1872.
R. 055.
Forty-Seo<>nd Congress of tut.
United {States of Amkkkja.
At the Skcono Session,
begun and held at the city of Washington on Mon-
day, the -icli day of December, 1S71.
An act granting a pension to Mary Ann Mont-
gomery, widow of William W. Montgomery, lato
captain in Texas volunteer.
Be it vnactrd bit the Senate and IIoun« of Repyrnent-
ati've-i of the United State* of America. in (!<>nqi cm tin-
sembled, That the Secretary of the Interior he, and
ho is hereby, authorized and dneeted to placo on
the pension-roll, .subject to the provisions and limit-
ations of the pension laws, the name of Mary Ann
Montgomery, widow of William W. Montgomery,
late captain of Texas volunteer?, and to pay her a
pension, from the passage of this act as a captain's
widow, and in respect to her minor children under
sixteen years of age.
J. a. BLAINE,
Speaker of the House oj Jieprenentativei,
SCIIUYLER COLFAX,
Vice President of the United St«te*,a>t<l
Prasitlpht oj the •Senate.
I certify that this act did originate in the Senate.
GEO. 0. GORIiAM,
,Sccretai y.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not see the chair-
man of the Committee on Pensions in his seat.
I suppose that bill came from that committee.
It had probably better be referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
The message was ordered to be printed and
referred to the Committer on Pensions.
ISRAELITES IN ROUMANIA.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following message:
To the Senate :
In answer to a resolution of the Senate of the 28th
of March Inst. I transmit herewith copies of the cor-
respondence between the Department of State and
the consul of the United States at Bucharest, rela-
tive to the persecution and oppression of the Israel-
ites in the principality of Roumania.
U. S. GRANT.
Washington, May 14,1872.
Mr. MORTON. I move that* the message
be printed and referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
PROTECTION OK IMMIGRANTS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following message:
To the Senate and
Jlonxc of Jlc^resentatives of the United State*:
In my message to Congress at, the beginning of its
present session allusion was made to the hardships
and privation* inlhcted upon poor immigrants on
shipboard and upon arrival on our fdiores; and a
suggestion was made favoring national legislation
for tnc purpose of effecting a radical cure of the
evil.
Promise was made that a special message on this
subject would be presented during the present ses-
sion should information be received wnich would
warrant it. I now transmit, to the two Houses of Con-
gress all that has been officially received since that
time bearing upon tho subject., and recommend that
such legislation bo had as will securo, lirst, such
rooiu ami accommodation on chipboard as is neces-
sary for health and comfort, and such privacy and
protection as not to compel immigrants to ho tho
unwilling witnesses to so much vice and misery;
and, nooond, legislation to protect them upon their
arrival at our sea-ports from tho knaves who are
ever ready to despoil them of tho little all which
thoy are able to bring with thorn. Sueh legislation
will be in the interests of humanity, and seems to be
fullv justifiable. The immigrant is not a citizen of
any State or Torritory upon his ariiv.il, but comes
horo to become a citr/.on of a great republic, freo lo
change his losidence at will, to enjoy tho blessings
of a protecting Government where all are equal
before tho law, and to add to tho national wealth by
his industry.
On his arrival ho does not know States or corpor-
ations, but confides iuipliciUyin tho protecting arm
of tho groat, free country of which he has heard so
much befoio leaving his native land. 11 is a. source
of sorious disappointment and discouragement to
those who start, wu.h me.his sufficient to -upport
lhein comfortably until they can choose a residence
and begin employment lor a comfortable support,
to find theinselvessubjeet to ill troatmcntand every
discomfort on their passage here, and at the end of
their journey seized upon by professed friends,
claiming legal right to take ehargoof tln-m for their
protection, who do not, leave thorn until all their
resources are exhausted, when they aie abandoned
in a strange land, surrounded by strangers, without
e in ploy men t, and ignorant of the moans ot securing
it. Under the present system this is the fate of
thousands annually, the exposures on shipboard
and the treatment on landing driving thousands to
lives ot vice and shame, who, with proper humane
treatment, might booome useful and respectablo
members of society.
[ do not advise national legislation in affairs that
should be regulated by the States, but 1 see no sub-
ject moi e national in its character than provision
for tin' safety and welfare of the thousands who
leave foreign lands to become citizens of this
Republic.
When their residence is chosen they maj then
look to tho laws of their locality lor protection
and guidance.
The mass of immigrants arriving upon our shores
coming, as the> do, on vessels under foreign (lags,
males treaties with tho nations furnishing theso
immigrant* necessary lor their complete protection.
For more than two years effoiis have been made on
our part to secure such treaties, ami there is now
reasonable ground to hope lor success.
II. S. GRANT.
Exkcl'tivp, Mansion, May 11, 1S72.
Mr. COLE J move thai that message be
printed and lie on the table. The Committee
on Commerce have reported a bill affording
the remedy callcd for in the message.
Mr. CASSERLY. it may be a question
whether, to make any regulations satisfactory
and efficient, conventions with the Govern-
ments from whose ports the ships sail with
immigrants might not be necessary. I sug-
gest, thar, with ipgard to the reference of this
message, whenever it shall be referred I am
inclined to think it should go to the Com-
mittee on Foreign .Relations.
