PUBLIC ACTS OF THE FORTY-SECOND CONGRESS
02 the
UNITED STATES,
Passed at the Second Session, which was begun and held cut the City of Washington, in the District of Columbia, on
Monday, the 4th day of December, A. D. 1871, and was adjourned without day on Monday, the 10th day of
June, A. D. 1872.
Ulysses S. Grant, President. Schuyler Colfax, Yice President and President of the Senate. Henry B. Anthony
was elected President of the Senate pro tempore on the 23d day of February, A. D. 1872, and so acted until
the 26th day of the same month; he was again elected as such officer on the 8th day of June, A. D. 1872,
and so acted until the end of the session. James G-. Blaine, Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Chap. I.—An Act to provide for a Deficiency
in the Appropriations for the Expenses
of taking the Ninth Census of the United
States.
Beit'enacted by the Senateand Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That, to supply a defi-
ciency in the appropriations for defraying the
expenses of taking the ninth census of the
United States, the following sums be, and they
are hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
viz:
For the payment of marshals and assistant
and deputy marshals, the sum of two hundred
and ninety-three thousand dollars.
For clerk hire and miscellaneous expenses,
the sum of one hundred and eighty-seven
tkousand dollars.
Approved, December 16, 1871.
Chap. II.—An Act relating to the Limitation
of Steam Pressure on Towing and Freight
Boats on the Mississippi river and its tribu-
taries.
Be it enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the provisions of an
act entitled "An act to provide for the better
security of life on vessels propelled in whole
or in part by steam," &c., approved February
twenty-eighth, eighteen hundred and seventy-
one, so far as they relate to the limitation of
steam pressure of steamboats used exclusively
for towing and carrying freight on the Missis-
sippi river and its tributaries, are hereby so
far modified as to substitute for such boats
one hundred and fifty pounds of steam pres-
sure in place of one hundred and ten pounds,
as provided in said act for the standard pres-
sure upon standard boilers of forty-two inches
diameter, and of plates of one quarter of an
inch in thickness; and such boats may,on the
written permit of the supervising inspector of
the district in which sucli boats shall carry on
their business, for a period of six months from
ana after the passage of this joint, resolution,
be permitted to carry steam above the stand-
ard pressure of one hundred and ten pounds,
bu. not exceeding the standard pressure of
one hundred and fifty pounds to the square
inch.
Approved, December 20, 1871.
691
Chap. III.—An Act making Appropriations for
Expenses incurred under Articles twelve to
seventeen, inclusive, of the Treaty between
the United States and Great Britain, con-
cluded at Washington, May eight, eighteen
hundred and seventy-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of sixty-
two thousand two hundred and twenty-five
dollars is hereby appropriated, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to enable the President to fulfil the
stipulations of the twelfth, thirteenth, four-
teenth, fifteenth, sixteenth, and seventeenth
articles of the treaty between the United States
and Great Britain, signed on the eighth day
of May, eighteen hundred and seventy-one,
in relation to the United States and British
claims commission.
Sec. 2. That the sum hereby appropriated,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, shall
be expended under the direction of the Sec-
retary of State, with the approval of the
President.
Approved, December 21, 1871.
Chap. IV.—An Act making Appropriations for
Expenses that may be incurred under Articles
one to nine, inclusive, of the Treaty between
the United States and Great Britain, con-
cluded at Washington, May eighth, eighteen
hundred and seventy-one.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars is here-
by appropriated, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to en-
able the President to fulfil the stipulations
contained in the first, second, third, fourth,
fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, and ninth articles
of the treaty between the United States and
Great Britain, signed on the eighth day of
May, eighteen hundred and seventy-one, in
relation to the tribunal of arbitration at
Geneva.
Sec. 2. That the sum hereby appropriated,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, shali
be expended under the direction of the Sec-
retary of State, with the approval of the
President of the United States.
Approved, December 21, 1871.
Chap. V.—An Act for the Constrnetion of a
Public Building at Chicago, Illinois.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and he hereby is, author-
ized and directed to purchase, at private sale
or by condemnation, in pursuance of the
statute of the State of Illinois, the remainder
of the square of ground not now belonging to
the United States on which the custom-house
and post office building, lately destroyed by
fire in the city of Chicago, was situated, if
the same can be obtained either by private
purchase or condemnation at what, in his
judgment, is a fair and reasonable price for
the ground; but if not, then it shall be his
duty to purchase, in one of the ways aforesaid,
one of the twenty-four squares of ground near-
est to and immediately surrounding the square
on which said building destroyed by fire was
located, and to cause to be erected on the
square purchased a fire-proof building, suitable
for the accommodation of the custom-house,
sub-Treasury, post office, United States courts,-
pension and internal revenue offices, and for
this purpose there is hereby appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, two million dollars, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury, who shall cause proper plans
and estimates to be made, so that no expendi-
ture shall be made or authorized for the full
completion of said building, including the cost
of the site, exceeding four million dollars;
aud before any money is expended upon the
construction of the building, the plan of the
same shall be approved by the Secretary of
the Treasury, the Postmaster General, and
the Attorney General: Provided, That no
money hereby appropriated shall be used or
applied for the purpose until a valid title to
the land for the site of such building shall
be vested in the United States, and until the
State of Illinois shall cede its jurisdiction
over said site, and shall also duly release
and relinquish to the United States the right
to tax or in any way assess said site or
the property of the United States that may
be thereon during the time that the Uni-
ted States shall be or remain the owner
thereof.
Approved, December 21,1871.
