4328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 7,
James1 D. Willougbby, of Vineland, New
Jersey.
The preamble of the bill states that letters-
patent of the United States were issued to
James D. Willougbby for au improvement in
seed-planters, August 3, 1858, No. 21102,
which letters-patent expire August 3, 1872;
that James D. Willougbby, the inventor, visited
Washington city on or about April 10, 1872,
for the purpose of applying for an extension of
his letters-patent, and that the time allotted
by law in which to make his application was
limited to May 3d instant; that James D. Wil
loughby was, upon his arrival, prostrated with
an attack of brain fever until the time allotted
had passed in which to make his application
according to law ; and that his failure to so
apply was caused by no fault, or negligence
of his own.
The bill therefore provides that James D.
Willougbby, to whom letters patent of the
United States, dated Augusts, 1858, No. 21102,
were issued for an improvement in seed-plant-
ers, and which letters-patent expire August 3,
1872, shall be permitted, within ten days from
the date at which this act becomes a law to file
in the Patent Office his application for an ex-
tension of his letters patent, and that the law
which requires the Commissioner to give sixty
days' public notice in the papers of the appli-
cation for the extension of the letters-patent
be suspended in this case, so far a« to require
the Commissioner to give such public notice
as long before his action upon the case as the
limited time now left will permit.
Mr. WALDEN. The bill simply authorizes
Mr. Willougbby to go before the Commissioner
and make application lor the extension of his
patent, lie was prevented by sickness from
making his application in time.
Mr. KLDREDGE. What reason is thore
for extending this patent?
Mr. WALDEN. The fact that the invention
is useful and that Mr. Willougbby has made
no money whatever out of it.
Mr. RANDALL. What omission or error
is this bill intended to obviate?
Mr. KELLOGG. The man was sick, and
for that reason failed to make Jus application
within the time required by law. There has
never been any renewal of'the niiterit.
Mr. RANDALL. Is not fourteen years a
long enough term for this patent?
Mr. KELLOGG. The law gives a pateutee
the right to apply for an extension at the end
of the term ot fourteen years.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Fourteen years for a
Beed-planter is long enough.
Tho (juostion being taken on suspending the
rules to pass the bill, it was decided in the
affirmative, two thirds voting in favor thereof'.
COLISTA K. COX.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1161) for the relief of
Colista E. Cox j which was read a first and
second time.
The bill authorizes the Commissioner of
Patents, upon due application made to him
therefor, and upon the same evidence and
rules of law as in ordinary extension cases, to
extend the patent of Harvey W. Subm, late
of Canandaigua, New York, deceased, for
improvement in horse hay-rakes, issued to
him December 8, 1850, extended by the Com-
missioner of Patents for seven years from the
3d ol December, 1864, and reissued by his
assignees in four divisions March 28, 1805,
for the further term of seven years from and
after the passage of this act. But the extended
term is to inure to the sole benefit of Colista
E. Cox, widow of Harvey W. Sabin, her heirs
and assigns, and no person is to be liable for
infringing such extended patent by reason of
any manufacture, use, or sale subsequent to
the 3d of December, 1871, and prior to the
passage of this act.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It appears that
this patent has already been once extended.
Now it is proposed to grant another exten-
sion. I think the bill ought to be referred.
Mr. KERR. I move to suspend the rules
and pass the bill. I think justice requires
that it should be passed. I hold in my hand
a unanimous report of the Senate committee
on this subject, which shows the application
to be a very meritorious one. I also hold in
my hand what I think it not improper to refer
to, a letter from an ex-member of this House,
Hon. Mr. Glossbrenner, of York, Pennsylva-
nia, who says that he knows these parties, is
familiar with the ease, and believes it to be
thoroughly meritorious and unobjectionable.
The motion to suspend the rules and pass
the bill was agreed to, two thirds voting in
favor thereof.
IUKAM W. HAYDEN.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1152) for the lelief of
Hiram W. Hayden; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. H1BBARD. I move that this bill be
referred to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. KELLOGG. 1 suggest that there is no
necessity lor referring it. If the gentleman
objects to its being acted on now, let it lie
upon the table. The matter has been before
our committee.
Mr. BROOKS. Is it in order to move that
the House now adjourn?
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows no rea-
son why the motion is not in order.
Mr. BROOKS. We have done euough
to-day. 1 move that the House adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman will not make that motion if he wants
us to get through on Monday.
Mr. 11IBBAR1). If it is not too late, I
desire to insist on having that patent hill re-
ferred.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
New Hampshire [Mr. Hibbaiuj] insists that
the hill for the relief of Hiram W. Hayden be
referred to the Committee on Patents. The
gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Kellogg]
desires the bill to remain on the Speaker's
table.
Mr. W. R. RORERTS. Why should it not
be referred ?
Mr. L. MYERS. Because the Committee
on Patents has already considered a bill sub-
stantially similar to this. We have agreed to
report a bill allowing the Commissioner to
hear tho application aud to grant the exten-
sion.
Mr. IIIBBARD. The Committee on Pat-
ents has never considered a bill like this, and
has never, 1 believe, reported in favor of such
a proposition.
Tho question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Hmbauii, to refer the bill to the Commit-
tee on Patents, it was agreed to, there being—
ayes seventy-one, noes not counted.
DK. IS JULIO UOUAltD.
Mr. W. R. ROBEBfS. Mr. Speaker, I ask
unanimous consent to offer the following pre-
amble and resolution for reference to the
Committee oil Foreign Affairs.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas in tho Now York Herald of yesterday
tho following article appeared: " Tho Spanish Gov-
ernment, profiting by the oxaiuplosot by the British
Uovernment in dealing with us in regard to indirect
dlaims, has notified its minister here that tho only
condition upon which Dr. Uouard can be imme-
diately released i  that tho United States a&k for it
as a favor, ami nor, on tho ground that he is an
American citizen. If tho United States, however,
should persist in declaring that Dr. Houard is an
American citizen, tho Spanish Government wiII be
compelled to enter into an investigation to disprove
that claim, and meanwhile retain Dr. Houard as a
prisoner. A member of the Coinmitteu on Foreign
Affairs states that, this is the. first fruits of our new
(Spanish policyBe it therefore
l(e8oived, That the House of Representatives re-
quest the President of the United States to inform
this House what steps if any have been taken to
carry out the resolutions of the House m regard to
the release from imprisonment of Dr. Kniiiio liouard.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Of course, 'Mr,
Speaker, I should very much prefer to have
action upon the preamble and resolution now.
Mr. BANKS. There'can be no objection
to passing the resolution now, as it only calls
for information very proper to be had ; but the
resolution ought not to indorse the paragraph
cited from a newspaper, and which is not offi
cial.
A Member. Let it be referred.
Mr. BANKS. I have no objection to its
being referred.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. It docs not indorse
the paragiaph.
The preamble and resolution were referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
ABOLITION Otf CUSTOMS ENTRIES, OATH, ETC.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. Mr. Speaker, I
am directed by the Committee of Ways and
Means to report back to the House a bill (H.
It. No. 2856) with the recommendation that
it do pass.
The bill was read.
The first seciion provides that all entries or
other proceedings at the custom-house, on the
importation or withdrawal of merchandise,
now required to be verified by oath or affirma-
tion, shall hereafter be verified by the simple
declaration of the paity concerned, made aud
certified as thereinafter provide,d.
The second section provides that in lieu of
Lhe words "swear or afihm," wherever the
same occur in any form of entry or proceed-
ing now or.hereafter used or required on the
importation or withdrawal of merchandise, the
word "declare" shall be substituted, and in
like manner, wherever the words " oafh or
affirmation" occur, the word "declaration"
shall be substituted.
The third section provides that the declar-
ation thereby authorized shall be signed and
declared by the declarant in person before a
collector, deputy, or acting collector of cus-
toms, or before a magistrate or officer author-
ized by the laws of the United States or of the
State within which such declarant resides to
administer oaths and affirmations generally,aud
certified under the band of such' collector or
officer in the following form, to wit: " Signed
and declared before me this   day of
 , A. D. But if the same be
made before any collector, magistrate, or offi-
cer other than the collector, deputy, oracling
collector of the port in whicii the declarant
resides, or in which the declaration is to be
used, such collector or officer shall further
certify that such declarant was to him person-
ally known or satisfactorily identified, and shall
attach to his certificate, in the usual manner,
his seal of oflice, if he have one, and if not he
shall so certify ; provided that no higher fee
'han twenty-five cents shall be charged for cer-
tifying any declaration made under the act
before a magistrate or officer not connected
with the customs.
The fourth section provides that before any
declaration purporting to have been made and
certified as aforesaid before any officer other
than the collector, deputy, or acting collector
of the district in which the declaraut resides,
or in which such declaration is to be used,
shall be received or accepted for the purpose
intended, it shall be the duty of such collector,
deputy, or acting collector, to require satis-
factory proof of the official character of such
officer and of the genuineness of such certifi-
cate,^which may be shown or established by a
certificate under the hand and seal of the
clerk ol any United States, State, or county
court having cognizance of the facts, or by a
certificate from the State department of any
State, or by the filing ot a duly attested copy
of the commission of such officer, together
with his official signature, in the office of the
collector, for permanent reference.
'lhe fifth section provides that any person
who shall knowingly or willfully make any
false declaration of or concerning any fact,
matter, or thing requisite or necessary to be
