3432
TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE/
May 14,
The VICE PRESIDENT. It might be re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
but the Chair thinks the Committee on Com-
merce have had charge of legislation with re-
gard to immigrants.
Mr. CASSERLY. I merely throw out the
idea, as it occurs to me that nearly all the ves-
sels carrying immigrants are European ships,
sailing from European ports under European
flags, and it may be a question whether the
whole subject ought not to be made a matter
of regulation beLween this Government and
the respective.European Governments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
colleague has moved that the message be laid
on the table. Does the Senator insist on that
motion?
Mr. COLE. I am not particular about it.
It is a subject of a great deal of importance;
and I inquire of the chairman or of some
members of the Committee on Commerce if
they have not reported a bill on that subject?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The subject has
been before that committee.
Mr. CHANDLER. The message ought to
go to the Committee on Commerce
Mr. COLE. I believe that committee have
a time set ahead for the consideration of their
bills, and probably this very hill will be one
of those considered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California changes his motion, and moves that
the message be piinted and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not wish to raise a
contest about the reference. The Senator
from Michigan was not in when L made the
suggestion that as this immigration is carried
on almost entirely in foreign ships, sailing
from foreign ports under foreign flags, it
might perhaps be necessary in order to make
the regulation for the benefit of immigrants
efficient all around, to do it by conventions or
treaties with those Governments. Of course,
I feel that, the subject, is one of great interest.
I am glad the Committee on Commerce are
looking into it. What I said was by way of
suggestion on the message.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am willing it should
go to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
but heretofore all such matters have been re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not wish to make
any contest about it.
The message was ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
KIVisit AND HARBOR HILL.
Mr. MOIiRILL, of Vermont, submitted an
amendment, intended to be proposed by him
to the bill (II. R. No. 2208) making appro-
priations for the repair, preservation, and com-
pletion of certain public works on rivers and
haibors, and for other purposes ; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
A G1UC V LTU UA L C 01,1, KG KS.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, submitted an
amendment intended to be propo-ed by him
to the bill (S. No. 0U3) to provide for the
further endowment and support of colleges for
the benefit of agriculture and the mechanic
arts, and the liberal and practical education
of the industrial classes in the several pur
suits and professions in life as esfabl islied
under an act of Congress approved July '2,
1802; which was ordered to be printed.
MKSSAUB FROM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives by Mr. McPherson, its Cl§rk, announced
that the House had agreed to the resolution
of the Senate to print extra copies of the
report of the Superintendent of the United
States Coast Survey for 1871.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to some and disagreed to other
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 1191) making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending June 30, 1873, and
for other purposes, and had agreed to other
amendments of the Senate to the said bill,
with amendments; that it asked a conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. Eugene Hai.e
of Maine, Mr. G. W. Scofibmj of Pennsyl-
vania, and Mr. Stevenson Akcuer of Mary-
land, managers at the same on its part.
PKNITKNTIARY CONQUKSS KRPORTS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following resolution from the House
of Representatives ; which was referred to the
Committee on Printing:
Resolved by the Ih\w of Itrprcofrntativos, (tho Sen-
ate concurring,) That there be printed five thousand
extra copies ot' ttio preliminary report of t.lio com-
missioner of tho United States to tho international
penitentiary congress of London, with accompany-
ing documents, one thousand copies, to bo tor the
use of the Senate, two thousand for tho use of tho
House, and two thousand for tho State Department'
NAVAL APPROPRIATION HILL.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to "the bill (II. R. No. 1101) making
appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending June 30, 1873, and for other pur-
poses, disagreed to by the House of Repre-
sentatives, and the amendments of the House
of Representatives to other amendments of
the Senate to the said bill.
On mot ion of Mr. COLE, it was
Jtcm/vcd. That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments disagreed to by the House of Representatives,
and di.sagreo to tho amendments of tho House to
other amendments of 1 lie Sena le, ant] affroo to the
conference allied by t.ho House of Representatives
on 1 bo disagi eeing votes of tho two Houses thereon.
Oiultrijil, That tho coiiforces on tin, part of tho
Senate be appointed by tho Vioe President.
KXTKNSION OF TUB KU KLUX ACT.
Mr. SCOTT. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
05<S, to extend the provisions of the fourth
section of the aet approved April 20, 1871, in
regard to extending the writ of habeas corpus.
Mr. STEVENSON. Let that bill be read
for information.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as follows :
lie it enacted, That tho provisions of tho fourth
section ot tho act approved April 20, 1871, entitled
"An aet to enforce the piovisious of t ho fourteenth
amomlmentto the Constitution of the United States,
and for other purposes," shall continue in fbrco
until the end of tlionext regular session ot Congress.
Mr. STEVENSON. T ask the Senator
from Pennsylvania does that propose to con-
tinue Hie suspension of the writ of habeas
corpus ?
Mr. SCOTT. The purpose of it is to con-
tinue the right in the President until the end
of the next regular session of' Congress.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of tlio Senator from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. VfEVENSON called for the yeas and
nays, and tliev were ordered.
Mr CIIANDLHR. I am paired wilh the
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Saui.sisuiiy.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 40, nays 1!); as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ainos. Anthony, Boreman. Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton.
Cole, Corbett, Cragin, iidinunds, Perry of Michi-
gan, Pi.magan, Frelinghuvsen, llamlin, Hitchcock,
Howe, Kellogg, JLogan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Osborn, J'ouieroy, Fool,
Pratt,, Ramsey, Rico, Robertson, Sawyer, Scott,
Sherman, Spencer, Stewart, West, Wilson. Win-
doin, ami Wnght—-)0.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn. Jilair, Casserly, Cooper,
Il.ivis of West Virginia, (roldthwaite, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Johnston,
Kelly, Norwood, Ra,nsoin, Sprague, Stevenson,
Stockton Thurman, Tipton, and Trumbull—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Brownlow, Chandler,
Conkling, Davis of Kentucky, Fenton, Ferry of
Connecticut, Gilbert, Harlan, Lewis, Patterson,
Saulsbury, Sehurz, Sumner, and Vickers—15.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I hope we may have time now
to consider tho deficiency appropriation bill
conference report.
Mr. STEWART. I wish we could have a
vote on the coal bill.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire to speak upon the
bill which has just been taken up, but the
remarks which I will muke would probably
occupy a longer time—I feel sure that they
would—than will intervene between this time
and the hour fixed for tho recess. The con-
ference report that I understand the Senator
from California appeals to me to have taken
up, t suppose, could be disposed of in that
time.
Mr, COLE. Easily, I have no doubt.
Mr. SCOT l\ If I can retain the floor and
have this remain the unfinished business, I
will yield for the consideration of that report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. At half past
four o'clock the Senate takes a recess until
half past seven, the unfinished business of the
afternoon being the unfinished business of the
day, and the evening session being devoted to
reports from the Committee on Commerce.
The Senator from Pennsylvania yields to allow
the conference report on the deficiency bill to
be taken up on condition that he shall resume
the floor at half past four o'clock, so that he
shall be entitled to the floor to-morrow to open
the debate on this bill.
Mr. STEWART. Now I appeal for five
minutes to pass the coal bill.
Mr. ROBERTSON. It cannot be passed
in five minutes.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Nevada
has requested the Senate a great, many times
to allow him a few minutes to pass the coal
bill, and whether we favor this hill or not, I
think he ought to have it.
Mr. TIIURMAN. I objected yesterday,
and was the cause of the Senator from Nevada
liol getting his bill up. 1 did it because I did
not understand it. I have since studied the
subject, I believe pretty fully, and now I hope
that his bill will be taken up. As I was the
cause of putting it off yesterday, f feel bound
to say ihat I hope the bill will be taken up,
and, with amendments, it ought to be passed.
Mr. ALCORN. I wish to say that the defi-
ciency bill is one of paramount importance.
The marshals fiom the various districts in the
laud are crying aloud to Congress, saying that
they have exhausted their means and their
credit to sustain the action of the courts. Some
of them have borrowed as much as $10,000;
and they have renewed their notes at great
sacrifices. Everybody is in favor of passing
the bill, I believe, and it seems to me we can
dispose of it in a very few minutes, and then
take up the bill of the Senator from Nevada,
and pass tliat also.
Mr. CORBETT. I think the deficiency bill
otiglif to be passed now. The United States
district judge in my State has written me urging
it. lie says that for the last quarter of 1871
lie has not received his pay, and he receives
a small enough salary at any rate, 1 think
that bill ought to be passed. He urged me
the first of the session to get it up as a sepa-
rate bill. It seems to me we ought, to concur
in the deficiency bill, pass it, and then take
up the coal bill and pass if.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION RILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The conference
report on the deficiency bill is before the Sen-
ate, the Senator from Pennsylvania having
yielded to allow it to be called up on condition
that he resumes the floor at half past four
o'clock. The question is on concurring in the
conference report. The Senator from Missis-
sippi was entitled to the floor yesterday upou
it. Does he now claim the floor?
Mr. ALCORN. If there is no opposion to
it. I will not claim the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS rose.
Mr. ALOORN. I will follow the Senator
from Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very happy to have
such a good follower, I am sure. [Laughter.]
