744
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
of $1,500,000,000 of the bonds authorized by
the law of July VI, 1870, to be refunded, and
that the adoption of the resolution reported
by the majority of the committee will not only
be a license bat an order to the Secretary to
proceed and refund $1,300,000,000 more on
the same terms and through the same agents*
whereby they will pocket at least three per
cent, on the whole, as they have already done
on a part. Congress may just as well vote
$89,000,000 more, or three per cent, oft the
outstanding $1,300,000,000, into the pockets
of Messrs. Jay Cooke & Co. by a direct vote,
for that will be the inevitable effect of the
adoption of the resolution of the majority.
While, as I said at first, I concede that a
temporary increase of the bonded debt was
permissible, and perhaps inevitable, under the
provisions ot' the act of July 14, 1870, I am
satisfied the increase which has taken place
and the length of time it has been continued
was not warranted by law, nor is it justifiable
under the circumstances. Bonds of the United
States to theatnount of $105,000,000 have been
issued or must issue, payable in gold, and bear-
ing interest from an average date prior to
August 21, 1870, while only $100,000,000 of
the outstanding five-twenty bonds were called
in by the notice of September 1,1870, the resi-
due not. being even called for till December 7
and December 20. 1 .see no excuse for thus
requiring the people of the United States to
pay eleven per cent., or double interest, on
$13'),000,000 lor such a length of time. I
know of no law warranting it, and I am com-
pelled, therefore, to say that the allegation in
the preamble of the resolution submitted to
the committee, "that in this kans-iciion the
bonded di'bt has been increased in violation
of law," is true. 1 fail to perceive how the
majority of the committee, in view of the facia
before them, could feel satisfied with their own
presentation of the question. They say:
" If the transaction bore investigated ho hold to
the test of I he strictest possible construct inn of tho
luohibitory clause, still the Secretary will not bo
found to ti.ive violated its provisions in tile particu-
lar transactions here considered ; font appeals that
the proceeds of all the bonds negotiated remained
on deposit, with tho designated depositaries durintc
all the unto that el.ipsed between the negotiation of
the now bonds and tho redomption of a. coire^pond-
iiiK amount of old ones. To tho precise amount,
therefore, that tlio public, debt is increased by tlie
sale of a new bond it is diminished by tho depositary
becoming a debtor to the Government, and the ono
balances the othor, leaving the ansregato tho same
as before tho transaction was commenced."
Tliuy seem to forget that the bonds purchased
bore inteie.sl, and the bonds which the money
paid for the new issue was intended to redeem
also bore interest, while tin; syndicate banks
held utid used the money for their own private
gain all the while. The United States could
make all the members of Congress rich if they
would without increasing the public debt; issue
their bonds hearing interest, and let us hold
the proceeds and use them aslongas we pleased
for our own private use without interest,, con-
tent ing themselves with the assumption that—
" To tho precise amount that the public debt is
inei eased by tho sale of a new bond it is diminished
by i ho depositary becoming a debtor to tho Govern-
ment,nod tho one b.il.mo<s tho othci, leaving tho
aggiegato tin; same as before tho transaction was
commenced.'5
I am afraid the tax-payers would soon learn
that there was a flaw in the argument some-
where. The Secretary made a great mistake
when he allowed himself to be drawn into the
contract with Messrs. Cooke & Co. Before
that time the banks had taken $05,775,500
of the loan, almost as much as Jay Cooke
& Co. uliimately took, at a cost of one fourth
of one percent. If he could not get the whole
loan taken on the terms prescribed by the
law, he ought to have asked for additional
powerfrom Congre.ss. He had a surplus of gold
in the Treasuiy from excess of revenue suffi-
cient to ledeern $70,000,000 more, if he was
anxious to do so. Theie was no pressing exi-
gency requiring extraordinary powers to be
•assumedj and he did not seem to be in a hurry
to redeem after the money was subscribed for
the new bonds.
Whenever he made a contract with an asso-
ciation of American and European bankers
whereby he agreed t.o pay them more than the
proper proportion which the half of one
per cent, allowed to be expended bore to the
amount they subscribed, and especially when
he agreed to loan to them the funds of the
Government for three months fixed, and per-
haps for six, in my opinion he transcended his
power, and violated the law. I deny that the
Secretary of the Tieasury has any authority
to make any contract whereby private persons
can withhold from the Government the pro-
ceeds of the sale of its bonds. If he can give
such right by contract for three months, he
can do it for three years. Jt does not help the
matter any to argue that the Government could
not have used the money in the mean time,
that, the bargain was a good one, or that the
bonds could not otherwise have been refunded,
the answer t,o each and all of these suggestions
is the same. The Secretary had no right to
make such a contract; the law did not sanction
it. Public servants must not be allowed to
establish such precedents, and ask Congress
to say that what was illegal is right, and by
such decision authorize that officer to go on
and violate tho law still more if it suits his
convenience to do so.
This is but the beginning of the refunding
system under the law of July, 1870. Thirteen
hundred million dollars are yet behind, if
these contracts and arrangements entered into
so far are now indorsed and declared valid by
Congress, when the $300,000,000 to be re-
funded at four and a half per cent, interest,
and t he $1,000,000,000 at lour per cent., are
put upon the market, loans to syndicates for
six, nine, and twelve months may be made
alter the new bonds beai ing interest are issued,
notices of redemption of the outstanding bonds
maybe withheld as long as it is necessary, and
when complaint is made that the law has been
violated, the action of this Congress on the
report of the majority of tho Committee of
Ways and Means, if it. is adopted, will be
relied on as a precedent, giving authority for
whatever any Secretary may see fit to do. Your
present Secretary may be removed or resign
to-iuorrow ; a less trustworthy man may take
his place. Men entertaining othor views may
be in power long before the $1,300,000,000 of
bonds are refunded. Ln short, whenever vio-
lations of law are sanctioned oil any pretext
whatever, the Government is at sea without a
compass and without a rudder.
While it has happened at this time that the
five-twenty bonds called in have not been re-
turned promptly, it may not always be so.
Any prospect of interruption of friendly rela-
tions between us and foreign Powers, financial
troubles, indeed a variety of causes, might
induce the prompt return of the outstanding
bonds as soon as tne notice is given. The
Government having the right to redeem all
outstanding five-twenties now, as five years
have elapsed since their issue, no Secretary
ever should have the right to tie up by loan
or otherwise the money of the people so the
returned bonds could not be paid at once and
interest stopped. The act of the Secretary
doing so in the present instance will not, I
hope, be sanctioned by the Representatives of
the people.
A careful reading of the report of the ma-
jority will show how cautiously they tried to
avoid stating distinctly that the Secretary had
made a contract with the gentlemen who cali
themselves " the syndicate " that they should
have a loan of the money, or that it should not
be drawn from their banks for three months;
and whilefhey are compelled to admit, because
the Secretary himself admits, that such was the
contract, the committee do it in the most deli-
cate way. But if Congress adopts their report,
there will be no further delicacy on the subject;
future contracts will be made oa the authority
of Congress, and the present and all future
Secretaries will be free to loan the public money
as they please. The majority of the commit-
tee evidently made a mistake when they say
that a notice was issued calling in any number
of bonds simultaneously with the deposits of
money for the purchase of new bonds; his fail-
ure to do so is one of the serious complaints
against him.
It will be observed that the majority of the
committee find no excuse for the loan of
5135,000,000 of Government money to the syn-
dicate for three months, except in that clause
of the forty-fifth section of the act of June 3,
1864, which authorizes the Secretary to desig-
nate the national banks as depositories of
public money under such regulations as may
be prescribed by him. They intimate rather
than assert that he bad authority under that
section to make a ''regulation" that the pub-
lic money should not be drawn from banks in
which it was deposited for three months. I
regard that position as wholly untenable. If
by "regulation" it could be loaned to the
depositories for three months, why not for
three years? When so loaned it ceased to be
public money; the banks simply became bor-
rowers without paying interest, and not depos-
itories of pnblio money. The Government
lost control over the fund, and had to look to
the solvency of the borrower and the securi-
ties furnished. The Secretary does not pre-
tend to say that he ever made such general
regulations; on the contrary, in his evidence
before the committee, he said, when ques-
tioned on that subject—
"The banks which are depositories do a great deal
of work in one way or another which could not bo
done by the sub-Treasuries of the United States.
They furnish facilities to collectors of internal rev-
enue to do their business.
"Mr. Beck. And you required that as a fair equiv-
alent for the uso of the money of the Government
which they have?
"Mr. BoUtwell. I think they consider the repu-
tation winch being designated us Government depos-
itors <nves thein as about tho only advantage which
they reccive. They are liable at any time to have
the money deposited by the Government called in,
and must keep funds on h<ind for that purpose*"
It will be seen by a printed statement tvhich
I have before me (Mis. Doc. No. 38, second
session Forty-Second Congress, furnished by
the Secretary) that the banks designated as
general depositories have held a weekly average
of $11,358,853 52 of public money during the
last fiscal year. 1 know of no law which author-
izes the Secretary to place the money received
for the new five per cent, loau on any different
footing, or deposit it on any different terms,
from any other public money. The simple fact
is, he made a contract with Jay Cooke & Co.
to lend them that money without interest, as
before stated, and now asks Congress not only
to say that he had the right to do so, but to give
him authority to go on and make other sim-
ilar loanson amuch grander scale. Itremains
to be seen whether Congress will do it.
If gentlemen will turn to the Glohe for 1870,
volume eighty, they will find that the framers
of the funding bill of July, 1870, had no idea
that it gave the Secretary any right to employ
either Jay Cooke or any of his European
brethren of the so-called syndicate as special
agents, or to make any contract with them. Jt
was intended that the regular fiscal agencies
of the Government should conduct the nego-
tiation of this loan. The Senate bill provided
for agencies : the House bill left out all pro-
visions, even for expenses. The lav/ as it
passed was finally agreed on by a conference
committee. When the House bill was being
discussed, (see page 5025,) Messrs. Hoi.man,
Wood, and Randall urged that an affirmative
provision should be inserted providing that no
agents should be employed orcommissions paid
toagents,&e. General Schenck,the manager
of the bill, announced that that was not neces-
sary. He said further:
" The bill contains no appropriation for the pay-
ment of agents, and if the Secretary should attempt
the employment of agents in the manner the gentle-
