1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£93
Laws of the United States.
42d Cons....2d Sess.
Union, the Representative or Representatives
of such new Siate shall be additional to the
number of two hundred and eighty-three
Jieiein limited.
Sec. 2. That in each State entitled under
this law to more than one Representative, the
number to which said States may be entitled
in the Forty- Third, and each subsequent Con-
gress, shall be elected by districts composed
of contiguous territory, and containing as
nearly as practicable an equal number of
inhabitants, and equal in numbers to the
number of Representatives to which said
States may be entitled in Congress, no one
distiict electing more than one Representative:
Provided, That in the election of Repre-
sentatives to the Forty-Third Congress in any
State which by this law is given an increased
number of Represen'auves, the additional
Representative or Representatives allowed to
such State may be elected by the State at large,
and the other Representatives to which the
State is entitled by the districts as now pre-
scribed by law in said State, unless the Legis-
lature of said State shall otherwise provide
before the time fixed by law for the election
of Representatives therein.
Sec 3. That the Tuesday next after the first
Monday in November, in the year eighteen
hundred and seventy-six, is hereby fixed and
esiablislied as the day, in each of the States
and Terriioiies of the United States, for the
election of Representatives and Delegates to
the Forty-Filth Congiess ; and the Tuesday
next after the first Monday in November, in
every second year thereafter, is hereby fixed
nnd established as the day for the election,
in each of ,-aid Srates and Territories, of Rep-
resentatives and Delegates to the Congress
commencing on the fourth day of March next
theieafier.
See. 4. That if, upon trial, there shall be a
failure to electa Representative or Delegate
in Congress in any State, District, or Terri-
tory, upon the day bcrtby fixed and estab-
lished for such eieoion, or if, after any such
election, a vacancy sliall occur in any such
State, District, or Territory, from death, resig-
nation, or otlierw^e, an election shall beheld
to till any vacancy caused by such failure,
resignation, death, or otherwise, at such time
as is or may be provided by law for filling
vacancies in the State or Territory in whiou
the same may occur
Sec. 5. 1 hat no State shall be hereafter
admitted to the Union wiihout having the
necessary population to entitle it to at least
one Representative according to the ratio of
representation fixed by this bill.
Sec. 6. That should any State, after the
passage of this act, deny or abridge the. right
ot any of the male inhabitants of such State,
being twenty-one years of age, and citizens
of the United SlaLes, to vote at any election
named in the amendments to the Constitution,
article fourteen, sec.ion two, except lor par-
ticipation in the rebellion or other crime*, the
number of Representatives apportioned in this
act to such S'ate shall be reduced m the pro-
poition which the number of such male citi-
zens shall have to the whole number ot male
ciiizens twent\-one years of age in such Stale.
Approved, February 2, 1872.
duplicate checks, and the Treasurer, Assistant
Treasurers, and designated depositaries of the
United States are directed to pay such checks,
drawn in pursuance of law by such officers or
agents, upon notice and proof of the loss of
the original check or checks, uuder such regu-
lations in regard to their issue and payment,
and upon the execution of such bonds, with
sureties, to indemnify the United States, as
the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe:
Provided, Thai this act shall not apply to any
check exceeding in amount the sum of one
thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. That in case the disbursing officer
or agent by whom such lost, destroyed, or
stolen original check was issued, be dead, or
no longer in the service of the United Siates,
it shall be the duty of the proper accounting
officer, under such regulations as the Secretary
of the Treasury shali prescribe, to state an
account in favor of the owner of such original
check for the amount thereof, and to charge
such amount to the account of such officer or
agent.
Approved, February 2, 1872.
Chap. XIII.—An Act to admit certain Ma-
chinery imported from Foreign Countries
free of Duiy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, lhat the Calcasieu Sul-
phur and Mining Company ot New Orleans be,
and is hereby, permuted to impoit, free of
duty, under such rules and regulations as the
Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe, cer-
tain machinery and accompanying implements
for the purpose of, and to be used only in,
making a series of experiments in mining for
sulphur in the parish of Calcasieu, in the State
of Louisiana: Provided, That the value of
such importation shall not exceed the sum of
seventy five thousand dollars, and that said
machinery and implements be imported within
one year from and after the passage of this
act.
Approved, February 2, 1872.
Chap. XIV.—An Act to establish certain
Post Routes in the State of Iowa.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following be,
and the same are hereby, established as post
routes in ihe State of Iowa:
From Franklin, in Winnesheik county, State
of Iowa, to Washington Prairie, in the same
1 county ; also,
I From Waukon, in Allamakee county, State
! of Iowa, via Rud's, Dorchester, Wilmington,
to Caledonia, in the State of Minnesota.
Approved, February 2, 1872.
Ciur. XII.—An Act toautlioiize thePnyment
(if Di.pliea'e Checks of Disbursing Officers.
lie it enacted by the Senate and Home of Rep-
resentatives < j the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That ui pl.ice ot original
ch-1 ks, wiieu lost, stolen, or destroyed, dis
bursnig officers and agents of the United Siates
me Ucret'y authorized, after the expiration ol
•six n:oii!iis irom the dale of such checks, and
within turee years ftom such date, to issue
Chap. XV.—An Act in relation to the Em-
bassy from Japan.
Be it enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States oj Ameiica in
Congress assembled, That, the sum of fifty
thousand dollars be, and ihe same is hereby,
appropriated, to be paid out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
defray such expenses of the embassy and its
suite fiom Japan, which has arrived in the
United States, as the Secretary of State may
deem proper, but not to exceed the amount
herein appropriated; this sum or so much
thereof us may be necessary, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary ol'Sta'e,
and on vouchers to be filed m the Treasury
Department. and a statement thereof to be
reported to Congress by the Secretary of State.
Approvkd, February 2, 1872.
Chap. XVI.—An Act to exempt the Iron
Steam Ice-boats constructed by the City of
Philadelphia from the Inspection required
by the act of February twenty-eighth, eight-
een hundred and seventy-one, entitled "An
Act to provide for the better Security of
Life on board of Vessels propelled in whole
or in part by Steam, and for other pur-
poses."
Be it enacted by the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of ihe United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the iron steam ice-
boats, constructed by the city of Philadelphia
for the purpose of keeping open the navigation
of the rivers Delaware and Schuylkill during
the winter months, be, and they are hereby,
exempt from the inspection required by the
act approved twenty eighth of February, eight-
een hundred and seventy-one, entitled "An
act to provide for the be'te& security of life
on board of vessels propelled in whole or in
part by steam, and for other purposes:" Pro-
vided, That this act shall expire at the end of
six months from and after its passage.
Approved, February 6, 1872.
Chap. XVIII.—An Act establishing certain
Post Roads in Vermont.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following post
roads be established in the State of Vermont,
viz:
From the station on the Portland and Ogdens-
burgb railroad, in Greensboro', via Greens-
boro', East Craftsbury, and Craftsbury, to
North Craftsbury.
Also, from the station on the same railroad
at South Hardwick, to North Craftsbury.
Approved, February 12, 1872.
Chap. XIX.—An Act for the Relief of Alex-
ander Smith and Halcyon Skinner.
Be it enacted by ihe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner
of Patents be, and be is hereby, directed to
grant a rehearing of the application of Alex-
ander Smith and Halcyon Skinner, for the
extension of letters-patent granted to !b<-ni on
the fourth day of November, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, forimprovement in power-looms;
and he is hereby authorized to revive and ex-
tend the said letters patent for the further
term of seven years from and after the fourth
day of November, eighteen hundred and
seventy, notwithstanding the original term for
which letters-patent was [were] granted has
expired, and the said patentees had patented
the said invention in foreign countries, and
such foreign patents bad expired before the
fourth day of November, eighteen hundred
and seventy, if in his judgment the said pat-
entees were the original aud first inventors of
the invention described in the said letters-
patent, and the invention is useful, and the
patentees have failed, without negleet or fault
on their part, to obtain from the use and sale
of the said invention a reasonable remunera-
tion for ihe time, ingenuity, labor, and expense
bestowed upon the same and the introduction
thereof into use. And ihe said letters patent,
when so revived and extended, shall have the
same effect in law as if it [they] had been
originallv granted for the term of twenty-one
years: Provided, That all persons who at the
time of thepassageof this act bad constructed,
or caused to be constructed, or used looms on
the plan of the said invention, shall be at lib-
erty, during such extended term, to use and
vend to others to use said looms so constructed
or used.
Approved, February 20, 1872.
