1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1641
public building, but will talcs care of his fam-
ily in his own way, as the rest of us do, and
give up these rooms, if not needed for pur-
poses of agriculture, to other public uses for
•which they are wanted. So I hope Senators
will not try to make an offset between the
improper occupancy of this building and the
salary that ought to be attached to the office.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the salary of the
Commissioner of Agriculture will be increased.
If it had been brought to my attention when I
offered the amendment, and I had had any
power over it, I should certainly have inserted
his name. I reported the amendment by
direction of the (Jommittee on Finance. It
looked rather to bureau officers and took a
class, and did not extend beyond that class.
With respect to the character of his place,
he is at the head of a Department. When
that Department was first organized the salary
was proposed in the Senate to be fixed at
$6,000, notas high a§ the salary attached to the
other Departments, because it had less to do,
but higher than the salaries of bureau officers,
because it was a Department, not a bureau;
and it was separated from the other Depart-
ments of the Government becauso the business
of agriculture in this country being the great
occupation of the country, it was thought
better to have a separate Department, as it
did not properly belong to either of the other
Departments of the Government. Then the
salary was fixed at $3,000 by the House of
Representatives. . I trust we shall fix this
salary equal to the salaries of ihe heads of
bureaus in the different Departments of the
Government; and if an officer should be ap-
pointed who was equal to the position, I would
be willing to increase t'ue salary to §6,000.
My impression is that the head of the Depart-
ment of Agriculture ought to be the chief
farmer of the country ; and we never have had,
in my judgment, without speaking unkindly
of any of these officers, one who fairly repre-
sented the wishes of the agricultural people of
this country. I hope, therefore, this salary
will be put at $4,000, and that my friend from
California will allow it to be inserted in the
proper place, so as to carry with it the appro-
priation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should make a point
of order on that.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not wish to be tena-
cious about this matter. In justice to myself
I must observe that the distinction is very
great between the offices in respect to which
an increase has been already given by the
Senate, as referred to by the Senator from Ohio
who last spoke, and the office of Commissioner
of Agriculture. Those offices of which the
Senator spoke, and of which other Senators
have spoken, the salaries of which have already
been raised by this body, were, many of them,
if not most of them, offices created before
1820, when the purchasing power of money
was certainly two and a half or three times as
great as it now is. Doubtless a strong argu-
ment in justice and equity in all such cases
may be presented in favor of raising^ salaries
to the point adopted by the Senate. The office
of Commissioner of Agriculture, however, is
of very modern date. My impression is that
it is not more than ten or twelve yeats old.
If $3,000 was a sufficient salary when it was
first created, and has been so regarded by Con-
gress from that time to this, it occurs to me
veiy strongly indeed that no good reason can
be given for raising the salary now from $3,000
to $4,000 at a single bound. As I say, I am
willing, considering the importance of the
office, its great interest to such States as my
own, considering also what I believe to be
the fidelity and diligence of the incumbent, to
raise the salary to. $3,500; and I did hope
that would meet the general acceptance of
those who thought the salary ought to be raised
as well as of those who were opposed to rais-
ing it to $4,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California to the amendment of the Senator
from New Jersev, to reduce the amount from
$4,000 to $3,500.
The amendment to the amendment was
rojsctsci.
Mr. SAWYER. Is it in order to offer an
amendment to the amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It depends
upon what the amendment proposed is.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SAWYER. I will send it to the desk.
It is to add at the end of the pending amend-
ment " And the salary of the Solicitor of the
Treasury shall be the same as that received by
the Assistant Attorneys General."
I desire to say a word in reference to this
amendment. Under the head of appropriations
for tbe Department of Justice, the Assistant
Attorneys General are provided with salaries
of $5,000 each. The Assistant Solicitor of
Internal Revenue has a salary of $5,000. For
the salary of the Solicitor of the Treasury De-
partment, who may be at times called upon to
revise and review the decisions of theSolicitor
of Internal Revenue, there is appropriated
only $3,500. The Solicitor of the Treasury
receives only $3,500 by the-bill as it now
stands ; the Assistant Attorneys General and
the Solicitor of Internal Revenue receive
$5,000. I think it is but just that the Solicitor
of the Treasury should be placed on the same
ground as the solicitor of a bureau which is
subject to the Treasury.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Solicitor of the
Treasury now gets $3,500 a year. That has
been his salary for a long time. He ought to
receive $4,000 with the other heads of bureaus
in the Treasury Department.
Mr. SAWYER. He is not in the Treasury
Department.
Mr. SHERMAN. He is the Solicitor of
the Treasury, although he is nominally at-
tached for some purposes to the Department
of Justice. But there is no reason for raising
his pay above $4,000. It ought to be put
in at $4,000; and I made a suggestion of
that kind, but the Senator from Illinois made
a remark that led me to suppose his salary
had already been increased, and that misled
me, or I would have moved it before.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not know that it is
worth while seriously to object to the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Ohio; but it does
seem to me it is a great inccfbgruity to give
the Solicitor of Internal Revenue, the head of a
bureau of the Treasury Department, $5,000,
and the Solicitor of the Treasury itself $3,500
or $4,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
South Carolina allow me to ask him a ques-
tion?
Mr. SAWYER. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to inquire
whether it would not be in order for him to
move to reduce the salary of the Solicitor of
Internal Revenue? I have heard very often in
this Chamber of salaries being put up in order
to equalize them. Would it not be in order to
equalize downward once?
Mr. SAWYER. I have not heard the Sen-
ator from Illinois make that proposition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was suggesting to the
Senator from South Carolina, as he was trou-
bled about having these two salaries the same,
whether it would not be possible to put the
others down a little.
Mr. SAWYER. There is a sort of logic and
justice about this matter. The Solicitor of
the Treasury, if there is anything like supe-
riority in the two offices, certainly holds a
higher office than the solicitor of a bureau in
the Treasury, and the solicitor of a bureau in
the Treasury has $5,000, while the Solicitor
of* the Treasury, who may have occasion to
review his decisions, has $1,500 less. I will
accept the modification of the Senator from
Ohio.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment,
as modified.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed- to ; there being on a division—ayes
29, noes 13.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from New Jersey as amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to amend that
amendment-by adding after the amendment
offered by the Senator from South Carolina
which has just been adopted:
And the salary of the solicitor of internal reve-
nue shall be the same as the salary of the Solicitor
of the Treasury.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will nowbe an amendment to the amend-
ment of the Senator from New Jersey.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I now move to lay the amend-
ment of the Senator from New Jersey, aa
amended, on the table.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, called for
the yeas and nays, and they were ordered;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 36;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Boreman, Cole, Hamilton ofMary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, Kellogg, Kelly, Saulsbury,
Sprague, Stevenson, Vickers, and Wright—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard, Blair,
Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly, Chand-
ler, Cooper, Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds, Ferry
of Michigan, Flanagan, Freiinehuysen, Gilbert,
Harlan, Hill, Johnston, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norwood, Nyc,
Pratt, Rice, Sawyer. Sehurz. Scott, Sherman, Spen-
cer, Stockton. Trumbull, and West—36.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Brownlow, Caldwell,
Clayton, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Davis of Ken-
tucky, Fen ton, Ferry of Connecticut, Goldthwuite,
Hamlm, Hitchcock, Howe, Osborn, Patterson, Pome-
roy, Pool, Ramsey, Robertson, Stewart, Sumner,
Thurman, Tipton, Wilson, and Windorn—26.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs'on agreeing to the amendment of
the Senator from New Jersey as amended, and
the yeas and nays have been ordered by tbe
Senate on the amendment of the Senator from
New Jersey.
Mr. COLE. I will not insist on the call,
after the last vote. If I was the person to
whom the Chair alludes as calling for the
yeas and nays, I withdraw the call.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I called
for the yeas and nays, and I insist upon them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. When we are raising
these salaries I think there ought to be some
equality and fairness in the matter. We are
putting up salaries generally about thirty-three
and a third per cent., as I understand. I wish
to inquire whether it will now be in order to
move to amend this amendment by adding
" that the salaries of Senators and Represent-
atives shall be increased thirty-three and a
third per cent., and the money necessary to
pay that increase is hereby appropriated out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated?"
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A motion
to increase those salaries would he in order,
to say nothing of its propriety. [Laughter. J
The question now is on the amendment of the
Senator from New Jersey as amended.
The question being taken, by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard, Blair.
Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Clay-
ton, Cooper, Corbett, Davis of West Virginia, Ed-
munds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Frelingnuy-
sen. Gilbert. Hill, Johnston, Lewis, Logan. Morrill
of Maine, Morton, Pratt, Rice, Sawyer, Scott, Sher-
man, Spencer, Stockton, Trumbull, and West—d2.
NAYS—Messrs. Boreman, Cole, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hitchcock, Ramsey, Sprague,Stevens,on,
Tipton. Vickers, and Wright—10.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Brownlow, Caldwell,
Casserly, Conkling, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky,
Fenton. Ferry of Connecticut, Holdthwaite, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Howe, Kellogg,
Kelly, Morrill of Vermont, Norwood, Nye, Osborn.
Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Robertson, Saulsbury,
Sehurz, Stewart, Sumner, Tfaurman, Wilson, and
Windorn—31.
So the amendment as amended was agreed to.
